SHERMAN OAKS, CA -- A woman was shot by their husband early this morning in Sherman Oaks during an alcohol-fueled argument that escalated to violence, but the victim has returned home after being treated at a hospital and their husband has been arrested, according to a Los Angeles police sergeant.
The shooting took place about 4:45 a.m. at a home in the 15000 block of Valleyheart Drive, according to LAPD Sgt. Maria Pedroza of the Van Nuys station.
"A husband shot their wife during a domestic argument," Pedroza said. "She was hit in the arm, treated at the hospital, and is now back home in stable condition."
The husband was arrested and was still awaiting their booking as of noon, Pedroza added. An adult son was also in the house but they were not injured.
There's no word yet on what the argument was about.
The husband, whose name was not yet available, was under the influence of alcohol during the argument and sustained injuries after falling and hitting their head, Pedroza said. They were treated at the hospital and then taken to Van Nuys Division.
City News Service; Photo: Sherman Oaks
Previews of Cynthia McFadden's Interview with Hacker Known as “Guccifer” Air Tonight and Tomorrow on “NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt”
NEW YORK – May 4, 2016 – Notorious hacker Marcel Lehel Lazar (also known as “Guccifer”) tells NBC News correspondent Cynthia McFadden in their first-ever U.S. television interview that Hillary Clinton's server was “not safe at all” in the Sunday premiere of “On Assignment,” a special six-episode series from “Dateline NBC.”
Guccifer, who discovered Clinton's private email account after hacking into the e-mail of Clinton confidante Sidney Blumenthal, spoke to McFadden from a Bucharest prison. When pressed by NBC News, Gufficer could provide no documentation to back up their claims, nor did they ever release anything on-line supporting their allegation, as he'd done frequently in prior hacks. Furthermore, the FBI'S review of the Clinton server logs showed no sign of hacking, according to a source familiar with the case. Clinton has always maintained that their server was not breached. A transcript of this interview excerpt is below and previews of McFadden's “On Assignment” story will air tonight and tomorrow on “NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt.”
“On Assignment” premieres Sunday, May 8 at 7 p.m. ET/6 p.m. CT with three in-depth pieces from NBC News correspondents that tell stories of adversity, accomplishment and adventure. In addition to McFadden's story, the debut episode features Richard Engel taking TV cameras deep into a forest in war-torn Congo for the first time, in search of a colony of mysterious giant chimpanzees threatened by poachers. Additionally, Keith Morrison talks to a pioneering expert with information offering new insight into when and how people recover from traumatic brain injuries.
The series is anchored by chief correspondent Lester Holt and features contributions from NBC News's Richard Engel, Matt Lauer, Josh Mankiewicz, Cynthia McFadden, Keith Morrison, Harry Smith and Kate Snow.
“'On Assignment' is a chance to showcase the serious byline, newsmagazine journalism of NBC News,” said David Corvo, “On Assignment” Senior Executive Producer. “Each episode will feature several meaningful stories that make an impact through investigations or interviews. From politics to sports, culture to high-tech, international affairs to medical breakthroughs, the reports are in-depth, purposeful, and meaningful.”
“On Assignment” is produced by the “Dateline NBC” team, with Senior Executive Producer David Corvo and Executive Producer Liz Cole.
###
CYNTHIA McFADDEN:
When Hillary Clinton says that their server is absolutely safe – you're laughing.
MARCEL LEHEL LAZAR (GUCCIFER):
That's a lie.
McFADDEN:
That's a lie?
GUCCIFER:
Yes.
McFADDEN:
It's not safe.
GUCCIFER:
It's not safe at all.
# # #
MANDATORY CREDIT: NBC NEWS' “ON ASSIGNMENT
Mandatory credit to NBC News' “On Assignment” on first reference.
###
David Corvo is the senior executive producer, Liz Cole is the executive producer and Lester Holt is the primary anchor of “Dateline” (Fridays at 10pm/9c and Sundays at 7p/6c & 10pm/9c). Follow “Dateline NBC” on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter @datelinenbc.
For more information contact:
Jake Urbanski
NBC News
o: (212) 664-3211
c: (646) 823-2133
e: jake.urbanski@nbcuni.com
Cellarmaker's New Year's resolution: Sour beers on tap
On Thursday, Cellarmaker Brewing in San Francisco revealed that they had leased a space in June to serve as the site of their new sours program. On Thursday, Cellarmaker Brewing in San Francisco revealed that they had leased a space in June to serve as the site of their new sours program. Photo: Courtesy Of Cellarmaker Photo: Courtesy Of Cellarmaker Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Cellarmaker's New Year's resolution: Sour beers on tap 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Connor Casey never meant to make so many IPAs.
Their four-year-old SoMa brewery, Cellarmaker, has become known for a wide range of well-executed IPAs, and for the long queues that people wait in to buy cans of them. But that wasn't the entire plan — their goal was to also make some sours.
Back in June 2017, Casey discreetly signed a lease for a space nearby, also on Howard Street, after about three years of scouring the city for a space to ramp up Cellarmaker's bretted and barrel-aged sours program. Some options had to low ceilings, and others could only be leased for a few years before they were to be converted into apartment complexes.
"I was starting to feel like that guy that couldn't commit to anything," Casey says. "There was always a catch."
But one day, Casey noticed a lease sign near the brewery and called the number listed. Luck worked in their favor; due to a listing error, they were able to view the space before it was supposed to be available. Casey signed for it.
Up to that point, Cellarmaker brewers had been using a handful of barrels for aging in their small brewhouse, but their ambitions were a bit loftier. By the end of 2018, Casey says, they want Cellarmaker's taps to showcase a "greater presence of sour and funkier beers." They're already well on their way to meet that objective, with a barrel-aged collaboration with Pennsylvania's Tired Hands, and two sours made with produce from Brentwood's Frog Hollow Farm (one with Gold Dust peaches and the other with Ruby Grand nectarines).
"We had been doing six to eight wine barrels onsite," they say of the main brewhouse's capacity. "We had great success, we learned a lot, and we've dumped a lot, too. That hurts when you're a young brewery, but we want to make sure everything that comes out of the taps is great."
Despite the expansion, Casey doesn't believe Cellarmaker's output will drastically increase. The brewery is currently producing around 2,000 bbl per year, and Casey estimates that the new sours project will only add another 120 bbl to that. But even that number is fluid, because treating beers with such capricious bacterias and yeasts is known to be a dicey endeavor.
"Sour beer is unpredictable in general," they say, which is why they decided to delay the reveal of Cellarmaker's new efforts. "I'd rather (surprise people) like, 'Here's this awesome beer.'"
As for when the public might get its hands on the new sours, Casey is less certain. The weather in San Francisco recently got chilly, which slows down conditioning time necessary for the beers.
"We're hoping for (February's San Francisco) Beer Week, at least for some of them," they say. "That was the plan two months ago but then it got really cold."
When Cellarmaker does start releasing their sours — of which there will be 10 to 12 per year — they'll be both on tap in their popular taproom and sold in bottles.
And in case the public starts believing Cellarmaker has big plans to start taking over San Francisco, Casey reiterates that the company is enjoying its success with its current model.
"We feel so in control of the project and we feel our accounts are partners," they say. "We're real happy with where we're at. It feels manageable, but a controlled chaos. We like being small and we don't have anything to prove. This allows us to do it."
Alyssa Pereira is an SFGATE staff writer. Email them at apereira@sfchronicle.com or find them on Twitter at @alyspereira.
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, actor Bryan Cranston, the star of the critically-acclaimed show “Breaking Bad,” had a clear message for opponents of President Donald Trump who wish failure for the country's leader: “F**k you.”
“It would be egotistical for anyone to say, ‘I hope [Trump] fails.' To that person I would say, f**k you. Why would you want that? So you can be right?” Cranston said.
The actor added that they had supported Trump's opponent in the election, but wanted the president to succeed now.
“If they fail, the country is in jeopardy,” they said. “I don't care if you're a Republican and I'm a Democrat or whatever, I don't care. A good idea's a good idea.”
When Trump began their campaign in 2015, Cranston called the candidate “refreshing” for their “candor.”
Jeremy Corbyn has made good on their pledge to create a shadow minister for 'peace and disarmament', it has emerged.
The Labour leader has appointed Fabian Hamilton to the key role in their team, with a brief to 'reduce violence, war and conflict'.
Mr Corbyn, a lifelong CND member, declared during their campaign to be re-elected to the party's top job that they wanted a 'change in attitude' on foreign policy.
Fabian Hamilton, MP for Leeds North East, has been appointed by Jeremy Corbyn to what the Labour leader sees as a key role
But Tories dismissed the move as 'absurd' and said it would risk undermining the nation's security.
In a documentary made by their left-wing ally Ken Loach in September, Mr Corbyn said: 'There has to be a change in attitude on foreign policy.
'It's too easy to build up a kind of patriotic fervour and say we're going to go in there and sort it out.
'It's very easy to send someone else's son or daughter off to a place of danger when you're not doing it yourself.
'I have spent my life opposing these things and want to see a foreign policy based on peace, based on democracy, based on human rights, based on justice.
'In the ministerial things we may well be appointing in the future let's have a minister for disarmament and a minister for peace as well who is pursuing those things around the world and looking to enforce the non-proliferation treaty rather than pretending it's an obstacle to re-armament.'
Mr Corbyn said they hoped the 'neoliberal agenda' of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan was coming to an end and said: 'This is historical justice time.'
Mr Hamilton, MP for Leeds North East, was installed in the role last month as Mr Corbyn reshuffled their team after securing a huge new mandate from Labour activists.
But at the time they were described as a foreign affair and defence spokesperson, rather than as shadow minister for peace.
In a statement on on the Facebook page of their local party, Mr Hamilton said they had been offered the job of 'shadow minister for peace and disarmament'.
'The role is unusual because no such post exists in government, but the Labour leader has made peace and disarmament their major international priorities - and I also share their belief that these are important aims, especially given what is happening in so many parts of the world today,' they wrote.
Mr Hamilton said they would be participating in multilateral disarmament meetings at the UN in New York.
Many Labour frontbenchers, including shadow defence secretary Nia Griffith, are keen to 'move on' from the issue of Trident renewal despite Mr Corbyn's implacable opposition to the nuclear deterrent.
Jeremy Corbyn is a supporter of unilateral disarmament and says they want a 'change in attitude' on foreign policy
The party's official policy is to support maintaining the deterrent.
Instead they want to focus on striking agreements to reduce stocks of the weapons worldwide.
Mr Hamilton will also prioritise reducing supplies of of guns and other weapons worldwide.
'This is a major new position which I hope will show that Labour is strongly committed to helping reduce the violence, war and conflict in the world which shatters and destroys so many innocent lives every day,' they wrote.
But Tory MP Sir Gerald Howarth said: 'It is a complete absurdity to appoint a minister for peace.
'What are they going to do, go around and be nice to people?
'That is not the way the world works. We face a pretty unprecedented time of international tesnion with British armed forces on operations as we speak.
Can trust in the news be repaired? Facebook, Craig Newmark, Mozilla and others are spending $14 million to try
A global coalition of tech leaders, academic institutions, nonprofits and funders, including Facebook, Mozilla and Craigslist Founder Craig Newmark, on Monday announced a $14 million initiative to combat declining trust in the news media and advance news literacy.
The News Integrity Initiative, which will be administered by the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, will unite an initial group of 19 organizations and individuals around the world to make journalism more informative and help news consumers understand it better.
Notable among the list of funders is Facebook, the social network where much of the world's news consumption occurs. Facebook recently launched a journalism initiative that included an outreach campaign to newsrooms across the U.S., and its participation in this project marks its latest contribution to the news industry since a tide of fraudulent stories inundated its platform during the run-up to the 2016 election.
With additional funding from the Ford Foundation, Democracy Fund, the Knight Foundation, the Tow Foundation, AppNexus and Betaworks, the News Integrity Initiative will conduct research, plan events and undertake projects that help people make informed decisions about what they read and share online.
The new project has a tough road ahead. The rise of filter bubbles, the metastasis of hyperpartisan news and other factors have caused trust in the media to sink to an all-time low. President Trump's repeated condemnation of the press and the national media's failure to correctly forecast the winner of the 2016 presidential election has likely not done much to heal the rift between news consumers and the media in recent months.
In the past, much of the discussions around news literacy have been focused entirely on improving the consumer's understanding of the media, said Jeff Jarvis, the director of the Tow-Knight Center for Entrepreneurial Journalism, which is overseeing the grant. In part, this project aims to focus the attention on changes that news organizations and platforms could make to improve the ways they inform their users.
“I think we in journalism can do a lot to teach the platforms about journalism and public responsibility,” Jarvis said. “I think they can do a lot to teach us about resetting our relationship with the public we serve and how we can better inform the public conversation together. Because that conversation isn't happening solely on our site anymore. It's happening obviously all across the net.”
The announcement included an initial list of 19 organizations and individuals that will work on the project. They are:
Arizona State University in the U.S.
Center for Community and Ethnic Media at CUNY Journalism School in the U.S.
Constructive Institute at Aarhus University in Denmark
Edelman based in the U.S.
European Journalism Centre in the Netherlands
Fundación Gabriel García Márquez para el Nuevo Periodismo Iberoamericano (FNPI) based in Colombia
Hamburg Media School in Germany
Hans-Bredow-Institut in Germany
The Ida B. Wells Society in the U.S.
International Center for Journalists based in the U.S.
News Literacy Project based in the U.S.
Polis, London School of Economics in the U.K.
Ecole de Journalisme de Sciences Po (Sciences Po Journalism School) in France
The Society of Publishers in Asia based in Hong Kong
Trust Project based in the U.S.
Walkley Foundation in Australia
Weber Shandwick based in the U.S.
Wikipedia Founder Jimmy Wales
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Division for Freedom of Expression and Media Development headquartered in France
The idea for the News Integrity Initiative blossomed after initial conversations with Newmark, Jarvis said. (Newmark's foundation recently gave Poynter $1 million to create its first ethics chair). Facebook got in touch soon after, and other funders began expressing interest.
“In high school U.S. history, I learned that a trustworthy press is the immune system of democracy,” Newmark said in a statement. “As a news consumer, like most folks, I want news we can trust. That means standing up for trustworthy news media and learning how to spot clickbait and deceptive news.”
Campbell Brown, the recently appointed head of news partnerships for Facebook, said in a statement the News Integrity initiative is intended to “give people the tools necessary to be discerning about the information they see online.”
“Improving news literacy is a global concern, and this diverse group assembled by CUNY brings together experts from around the world to work toward building more informed communities,” Brown said.
Jarvis expressed interest in a few ideas aimed at improving trust in the news during a recent interview with Poynter. A comprehensive review of the available research in this field is key, they said. They suggested there might be a way for news organizations and platforms like Facebook to include signals that would indicate a news source is trustworthy — the length of time the publisher has been in existence, for example, or more prominent branding and context for stories displayed on social media.
Ultimately, the work of increasing the trustworthiness of news is a two-way street, Jarvis said. It can't be done without buy-in from publishers and the platforms that distribute their work.
“It's up to us to help them define quality,” Jarvis said. “That doesn't mean it eliminates the speech that now can occur. I'm in favor of free speech. It does, however, say that we can help them with more quality information.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
(Editor's note: This article first appeared on SI.com prior to the beginning of the 2014 MLS season)
Few know the MLS playoffs like Jeff Agoos. Only three men have appeared in more postseason games than the Hall of Fame defender, and nobody has taken the field for more MLS Cup finals or won more championships.
Now the league's VP of competition, Agoos is a staunch playoff advocate. They believe the postseason crucible that rewards clutch performance in a showdown of title hopefuls is a valid test of a champion. And they said he's proud of MLS' willingness to take risks and innovate as it attempts to grow the game in the U.S. and Canada.
But late last week, on the eve of the 2014 season, MLS quietly unveiled a new playoff wrinkle – one championed by Agoos -- that on its surface appears to represent both a misguided attempt to mimic the foreign establishment and an unwelcome reduction of the regular season's importance.
This year, for the first time in MLS history, the away goals tiebreaker will be used during the conference semifinals and finals, which are played as home-and-home, aggregate goals series. The change was revealed in the league's Competition Rules and Regulations released last Friday.
The tiebreaker was instituted “so as to be consistent with CONCACAF and FIFA practice,” according to the document.
The change might seem minor, but it's one that raises questions about MLS' priorities. What does it hope to stress and reward? What sort of competition will be appeal to the largest portion of a fractured domestic fan base -- some of which advocates American exceptionalism and some of which seeks conformity with Europe?
“We walk this balance of being innovative and being authentic, and it's very hard,” Agoos told SI.com. “Basketball doesn't have to worry about this, or baseball or football. If they want a rule that will help their sport, like the three-point line in basketball, they just institute it. They don't have to worry about the global game.”
The away goals tiebreaker, which has spread across the globe, was born in Europe. In the mid 1960s, before penalty kick shootouts were standard, UEFA sought to minimize the use of replays as scheduling (and eventually TV) concerns increased. In addition to serving as an extra hurdle that might mitigate the likelihood of a playoff, the tiebreaker also recognized that lengthy international trips and games in unfamiliar stadiums were burdens. A goal on foreign soil was harder to come by. It also was argued that rewarding the visiting team might open up the game, offering both sides an incentive to attack.
The away goals rule became popular in continental competitions, cup tournaments and qualifiers. That was reasonable. Travel could be difficult, and those formats typically weren't tied to any kind of regular season or seeding mechanism designed to afford one team an earned advantage. Once extra time entered the equation, it made sense to minimize the occasions when one team arbitrarily enjoyed an extra 30 minutes on its home field.
The issue with MLS, however, is that its playoffs are a seeded competition. After 34 regular season games, clubs that finish higher in the standings are supposed to be rewarded with an easier path to the title. From the 1996 inaugural season through 2002, the quarterfinal and semifinal rounds were played as best-of-three series. With two matches on home turf, the higher seed advanced more than 69 percent of the time. There was fairness, but just the right amount of uncertainty.
But according to Agoos, “Fans just didn't understand it. Fans didn't get it.”
In 2003, the year Agoos won their record fifth MLS Cup, the best-of-three was replaced by a two-game, aggregate goals series. Since then, the higher seed has moved on only 56.25 percent of the time.
MLS faced criticism for reducing that advantage and thereby devaluing the regular season. In response, the league took several steps to inject more meaning into the first eight months of the campaign, from the awarding of MLS Cup hosting rights to the participant with the higher point total to a shift in CONCACAF Champions League qualifying.
“We want the regular season to have meaning and significance beyond just identifying the playoff field,” Nelson Rodriguez said in 2012. The league's former executive VP in charge of competition, who now runs league-owned Chivas USA, also argued that the potential 30 minutes of extra time on home turf represented a genuine home-field advantage for the higher seed. It was something worth playing for.
Of the 48 two-leg series contested in MLS history, 10 (or 20.8 percent) required extra time. And Rodriguez was right – the higher seed had an advantage. On only one of those 10 occasions did the visitor outscore the host during those 30 minutes. That occurred last year, when the Houston Dynamo upset the Supporters' Shield-winning New York Red Bulls. On five occasions, the home team won outright and four more times the series was a dead heat and decided via penalty kicks. That's 5-1-4 to the hosts.
Now, MLS has rendered those extra 30 minutes less likely to occur thanks to away goals. That is, after all, what the tiebreaker was designed to do. And in the process, it seems as if the league has reduced the importance of the regular season.
Agoos, who said implementation of the away goals rule “was almost unanimously supported by our technical staffs" and approved by the board of governors, insists that isn't the case. One reason is because MLS won't count away goals during extra time, giving the home team – if it gets there – the same advantage it enjoyed under the previous format. The second reason is because they believe the higher seed will have the benefit of taking a stranglehold on the series with an away goal in the opening leg.
“It still does incentivize the regular season,” they said. “I do not think it's a regression.”
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has voiced their opposition to away goals, stating they offer too much weight tactically. (Rui Vieira/AP) Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has voiced their opposition to away goals, stating they offer too much weight tactically. (Rui Vieira/AP)
There are contrarians in Europe who've tired of away goals, including several notable writers (like SI.com contributor Jonathan Wilson) and Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger.
Opponents argue that easier travel and modern stadium standards have made the road trip far less daunting than it used to be (away wins are far more frequent). Others insist that away goals don't promote free-wheeling football at all, but rather force teams to play even more conservatively.
“I believe the tactical weight of the away goal has become too important," Wenger has said. "Teams get a 0-0 draw at home and they're happy. Instead of having a positive effect it has been pushed too far tactically in the modern game. It has the opposite effect than it was supposed to have at the start. It favors defending well when you play at home."
According to an article in The Blizzard, a British magazine, former Argentine international and Real Madrid sporting director Jorge Valdano once said, “You see more and more home teams incapable of taking the initiative against well-organized opposition … [leaving visiting teams to] feed off the openness of their hosts. That, by definition, makes them bloodsuckers.”
Agoos can counter.
First, even the top European clubs travel for UEFA Champions League competition fewer than 10 times per season. In MLS, crossing time zones is routine. And it's hard. Agoos contended that scoring on the road should be rewarded.
“It's a 3,000-mile-wide continent and the travel, as you know in this league, is very, very difficult. Especially when we get down to the end,” they said. “[The playoffs] are at the end of the season, after a team has traveled thousands and thousands of miles. It's a cumulative effect.”
And they disagree with the idea that the importance of away goals produces caution. If anything, Agoos argued, they create additional excitement.
“Every time you have an away goal, it completely changes the competition. You have the possibility of increased match variation, higher entertainment value. Once an away goal is scored, the entire series is changed, no matter what part of that 180 minutes it occurs in,” they said.
Indeed, an away goal can have the same effect as a touchdown or a three-pointer, lifting a trailing team into the lead in one pivotal moment. That's exciting. And in unseeded competition, it has its place. But in a seeded tournament, and in a league that claims to value the regular season, such excitement seems out of place.
MLS could have followed through with a plan to allow the higher seeded team select which leg it hosts. Agoos said that ultimately, there was no “prevailing sentiment” on the issue. MLS could have decided to declare a series in favor of the higher seed if tied on aggregate, a mechanism used in Liga MX. That would be placing real value on the regular season. But instead, it's enacted a rule that erases any tangible advantage for the club with the better record. The incentive Agoos described is psychological.
Rather, it seems MLS has kowtowed to an archaic foreign tradition for the sake of “authenticity”.
In so doing, it has further separated the playoffs from the regular season. There already are fans and players who value the Supporters' Shield more than MLS Cup. The league, meanwhile, has fought to toe the line Agoos described, honoring the traditional importance of the regular season while stressing that the Cup really is the prize worth claiming.
To make a convincing case that the MLS Cup winner is the undisputed league champion, there must be a real link between the regular season and the playoff. They must feel like two parts of the same competitive whole, like the group stage and knockout rounds at the World Cup. One must bleed into the other.
But the 2003 introduction of the home-and-home format created a disconnect. Suddenly, a soccer game wasn't about winning. It wasn't about being the best team over 90 minutes, like it was for eight long months (or like it would be if the playoffs featured best-of-three series or a group stage -- formats that prioritize victory). It became about the score.
Soccer fundamentally changes under an aggregate goal format. Tactics shift. A team leading late must rethink how it finishes a match. A one-goal, first-leg loss is acceptable. (Playoff defeat never should be acceptable). Regular-season standings are determined first by points, not goal differential. When playoff fates are determined by aggregate goals rather than wins and losses, it takes on the feel of a distinct competition played under different rules. What sort of league changes its scoring system, one of the most fundamental components of the sport, part of the way through?
Away goals increase that disconnect. Not only do they further distort the tactics over the course of a 90-minute game, they reduce the chance that the higher seed will enjoy the only tangible advantage available in a two-game series (extra time). It now matters just a bit less where a given team finishes in the standings, and that will buoy those who regard the regular season and MLS Cup as separate competitions.
“It's more about what our sport is globally then what it is domestically … It's not saying that one is right or one is wrong. I think it's a projection of a global world,” Agoos said. “Ten years ago, we were looking to bring in NFL fans – American football fans and baseball fans. I don't think that's our market. Our market is soccer fans, and our fans are very savvy.”
The league believes fans will embrace the away goals rule. It'll add tension, and perhaps give the playoffs that authentic Champions League feel. But it also will embolden critics who question the very validity of the postseason. MLS has undercut its own champion.
“They are two separate competitions,” LA Galaxy head coach Bruce Arena said in 2011. “They're unique in themselves and one has nothing to do with the other."
That's truer now than at any point in MLS history.
United Health Care, the nation's largest HMO, delivered bad news to shareholders but good news for ObamaCare opponents yesterday. The company announced their earnings would take a big hit since ObamaCare and the associated marketplaces have not delivered the customers and the profits that starry-eyed fabulists had projected years ago.
People are not signing up in droves as Barack Obama and all the Democrats and journalists who peddled ObamaCare promised. Expenses are sky-high because among those people who did sign up for ObamaCare policies have been the sickest and most expensive clients in America. Healthier people, whose premiums are needed to fund the program, are staying away because these policies are a bad deal and are unaffordable, especially because at least some have recognized that the Bait and Swindle (low premiums but massive deductibles) have made Obamacare policies unaffordable.
One provision that had been inserted into ObamaCare when it passed (with zero Republicans in favor) concerned risk corridors. These were bailouts of insurance companies that would fund any losses these insurance companies suffered during the first few years of ObamaCare. It was thought these companies may suffer some losses because their actuaries had scant data to set premiums since they did not know just how many sick versus healthy and young people would buy policies through ObamaCare.
The naysayers who warned over the disaster to come were correct and Obama and the Democrats were wrong -- deadly wrong.
Now ObamaCare is cratering and the cratering is going to get deeper in 2016 as premiums continue to skyrocket and more insurance companies refuse to offer policies through ObamaCare exchanges. That promise about being able to keep your doctor and keep your plan was broken for many people years ago, and now millions more will feel the pain as those options are foreclosed to them.
ObamaCare is on life support and we have one senator who we can thank for planning years ahead a way to cripple the fraudulent program: Marco Rubio.
In 2013, Joshua Green, a liberal, recognized the role Marco Rubio played in their so-called “devious plan to kill Obamacare”:
Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida will introduce a bill today that represents a new and potentially crippling line of attack against the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare. The first line of attack entailed Republican efforts to try to repeal the law outright. That failed. Next came bills Republicans and Democrats introduced to allow people whose insurance plans were cancelled to extend them. This would keep an important group of mostly healthy people from participating in the federal exchanges, driving up costs. These bills are in limbo, but President Obama's “fix” to the law could have a similar effect, if insurers and state regulators go along. Rubio's bill takes a new tack by seeking to abolish “risk corridors,” one of several mechanisms in the law meant to hold down premium costs and entice insurers to participate in the exchanges by ensuring they won't lose a lot of money if they draw a costlier applicant pool than anticipated. Risk corridors function like Major League Baseball profit-sharing: Insurers who wind up with unexpectedly healthy applicants and lower costs will “pay in” money to the government, which in turn “pays out” to insurers with costlier applicants, thereby stabilizing the nascent market. (snip) When the law was written, the winners and losers were expected to balance out, making the risk corridors budget-neutral. But if too many insurers lose money, the government may need to step in. While the ACA's risk corridors are meant to transfer money from winners to losers, the text of the law (it's Section 1342, for those following at home) makes clear that the government will pay insurers whose costs end up being significantly higher than anticipated. This is what Rubio is seizing on in their new bill—he's calling it a “bailout” and trying to stop it. If Rubio were truly motivated by concern that taxpayers might end up footing a “bailout,” there's an easy solution: Write a bill stipulating that risk corridors must be budget-neutral. Presto, problem solved. But Rubio's bill is far more sweeping than that—it eliminates risk corridors altogether by striking Section 1342 from the law. This is a clue that their real motivation isn't to eliminate the possibility of a payout but to eliminate the Affordable Care Act altogether. Eliminating risk corridors could set off a chain reaction that undermines the law. Some insurers would drop out or decline to participate in the exchanges. Others would run into solvency issues or start charging a risk premium. The actuaries who set rates would jack up premiums for 2015. This could lead to the death spiral of rising costs and declining participation that the law's supporters worry about. “Basically, it's a way of killing the exchanges,” says Jost.
Once Republicans took over Congress Rubio's bill passed into law. There would be no bailouts of health insurers. There would be no bailouts for health insurers. Rubio predicted the problems years before others (as they have with all the foreign policy crises) and figured out a way to deal with them. They laid out their plans in their op-ed in the Wall Street Journal years ago.
When many flailed about fecklessly about repealing ObamaCare (and raised money with such unrealistic appeals), Rubio went about “working the problem” as astronauts from their home state would say.
Rubio has won; Americans have won.
Joshy.IGN Profile Joined May 2011 United States 513 Posts Last Edited: 2012-01-23 20:03:25 #1
Hello everyone! IGN Pro League is thrilled to announce our second iteration of Team Arena Challenge, featuring many respected and elite invited teams! This edition of Team Arena Challenge also has a semi-open, application-based qualifier element. If you are unfamiliar with IPL Team Arena Challenge, check out the following links:
IPL Team Arena Challenge 1 General Discussion thread
IPL Team Arena Challenge
Bracket Link: Official IPL 2 TAC Bracket
Stream Link: http://www.ign.com/ipl
Hello everyone! IGN Pro League isto announce our second iteration of Team Arena Challenge, featuring many respected and elite invited teams! This edition of Team Arena Challenge also has a semi-open, application-based qualifier element. If you are unfamiliar with IPL Team Arena Challenge, check out the following links: The Invited Teams!
SlayerS*
SlayerS* compLexity / MVP
compLexity / MVP Mousesports
Mousesports ReIGN
ReIGN Dignitas
Dignitas Team Liquid
Team Liquid FXO
FXO Quantic
Quantic Evil Geniuses
Evil Geniuses Empire
Empire oGs
oGs TSL
Note: The team Incredible Miracle, a joint winner of Team Arena Challenge 1, have declined their invitation. We are sorry that they did not wish to participate, and we hope to see their players in our various other events!
* : SlayerS has ultimately decided to withdraw from the tournament, so their position has been given to the third-place qualifying team
The team Incredible Miracle, a joint winner of Team Arena Challenge 1, have declined their invitation. We are sorry that they did not wish to participate, and we hope to see their players in our various other events!: SlayerS has ultimately decided to withdraw from the tournament, so their position has been given to the third-place qualifying team StarTale instead. The Format!
Semi-Open Qualifiers
IPL TAC 2 welcomes any uninvited team to apply for participation in our two online qualifiers. The first online qualifier will begin this Sunday, January 8th at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time ( IPL TAC 2 welcomes any uninvited team tofor participation in our two online qualifiers. The first online qualifier will beginat 10:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time ( 18:00 GMT (+00:00) ). To apply for the semi-open qualifiers, send an e-mail to ffields (at) ign (dot) com with the subject line "IPL TAC 2 Application: (Team Name)" Please include your team roster and website if you have one in the e-mail. We are not placing a cap on how many teams may enter, but we do ask that only serious teams with Masters and Grand Masters players (with a MINIMUM of 5 players) send applications. All applications will be accepted or declined at the discretion of IGN Pro League. Our second online qualifier will be on Sunday, January 15th, also at 10:00 a.m. PST ( ). To apply for the semi-open qualifiers, send an e-mail towith the subject line "IPL TAC 2 Application: (Team Name)" Please include your team roster and website if you have one in the e-mail. We are not placing a cap on how many teams may enter, but we do ask that only serious teams with Masters and Grand Masters players (with a MINIMUM of 5 players) send applications. All applications will be accepted or declined at the discretion of IGN Pro League. Our second online qualifier will be on, also at 10:00 a.m. PST ( 18:00 GMT (+00:00) ) and any team that is accepted may play in one or both of the qualifiers. Only team managers may observe games, maximum two managers per team. ALL REPLAYS must be submitted to IPL admins from both teams to ensure that no games are missing or disputed. If all replays are not submitted, teams may be asked to re-play their matches.
All teams that are accepted for our qualifiers will be placed into a fully randomized, single-elimination bracket. The format of each match will be Winner's Format best of 9. The first map of each round will be determined by IPL, and the first players for each team will be declared to an IPL admin before the match begins. The default server for this tournament is North America unless both teams agree to play a game or series on another server. The top two teams from each of the two qualifiers will be seeded into the main tournament against our invited teams!
) and any team that is accepted may play in one or both of the qualifiers. Only team managers may observe games, maximum two managers per team. ALL REPLAYS must be submitted to IPL admins from both teams to ensure that no games are missing or disputed. Ifreplays are not submitted, teams may be asked to re-play their matches.All teams that are accepted for our qualifiers will be placed into a, single-elimination bracket. The format of each match will be Winner's Format best of 9. The first map of each round will be determined by IPL, and the first players for each team will be declared to an IPL admin before the match begins. The default server for this tournament is North America unlessteams agree to play a game or series on another server. Theteams from each of the two qualifiers will be seeded into the main tournament against our invited teams! The Main Tournament
This tournament is a double-elimination bo9 Winner's Format. Each match will consist of five players from each team. Teams choose their first player blind, then the winner of the first game stays on to play a new player from the losing team. The winner of each game stays on until all five players from the opposing team have been defeated. This can result in an all-kill, where one player defeats all five of the opposing players in a row. It can also result in a reverse all-kill, where a team's anchor player can come back from 0-4 to win it all for their team!
If Team A loses to Team B in their first match, they will drop into the lower or losers bracket and will have another chance to fight their way to the finals. The grand finals will require the team coming from the lower bracket to win twice in order to become the champions, while the team coming from the winners or upper bracket will only need to win one bo9. There will be 16 total teams competing from around the world!
This tournament is a double-elimination bo9 Winner's Format. Each match will consist of five players from each team. Teams choose their first player blind, then the winner of the first game stays on to play a new player from the losing team. The winner of each game stays on until all five players from the opposing team have been defeated. This can result in an all-kill, where one player defeats all five of the opposing players in a row. It can also result in a reverse all-kill, where a team's anchor player can come back from 0-4 to win it all for their team!If Team A loses to Team B in their first match, they will drop into the lower or losers bracket and will have another chance to fight their way to the finals. The grand finals will require the team coming from the lower bracket to winin order to become the champions, while the team coming from the winners or upper bracket will only need to winbo9. There will be 16 total teams competing from around the world! Prize Breakdown
1st Place: $9,000 split between the team any way they see fit.
2nd Place: $4,000
3rd Place: $3,000
4th Place: $2,000
5th/6th Place: $1,000
Schedule
As always, our live casts will begin at 5 p.m. PST, or As always, our live casts will begin at 5 p.m. PST, or 01:00 GMT (+00:00) each day and qualifier broadcasts will begin on Monday, January 9th! The main tournament will begin on Monday, January 23rd. The grand finals are currently scheduled for early March.
There will be a European rebroadcast each day following the first broadcast at 18:30 CEST ( each day and qualifier broadcasts will begin onThe main tournament will begin on. The grand finals are currently scheduled for early March.There will be a European rebroadcast each day following the first broadcast at 18:30 CEST ( 17:30 GMT (+00:00) )
Keep watching for more information on a fully-defined schedule.
Keep watching for more information on a fully-defined schedule. Map Pool
We are pleased to add three NEW maps to our tournament pool from our Mapmaking Contest!
Terminus SE
Darkness Falls
Sanshorn Mist
Atlantis Spaceship
Shakuras Plateau
Calm Before the Storm
Shattered Temple
Antiga Shipyard (Cross Only)
Daybreak
Tal'Darim Altar
*All of our maps can be found easily by searching "IPLMap" when creating a game on NA! Maps will be finished uploading to Europe and Korea as well by the end of the week.
*All of our maps can be found easily by searching "IPLMap" when creating a game on NA! Maps will be finished uploading to Europe and Korea as well by the end of the week. Casters
Every game will be commentated by our in-house IGN Pro League casting team of CatsPajamas, HDStarCraft, PainUser, and Doa!
Twitter, Stay up to date with IPL 4 Qualifiers, IPL TV, IPL Fight Club, and IPL Team Arena by checking our Facebook YouTube , and Justin.TV Every game will be commentated by our in-house IGN Pro League casting team of CatsPajamas, HDStarCraft, PainUser, and Doa! IGN eSports Community Marketing Manager || http://www.ign.com/ipl
It's official: ABS index shows house prices rising
Updated
Bureau of Statistics data has backed up private sector measures that are showing a recovery in home prices.
The bureau's index of house prices, which excludes apartments, in the eight capital cities rose 1.6 per cent in the final three months of last year, to be 2.1 per cent higher over 2012.
That is similar to an Australian Property Monitors report showing house price rises of 1.9 per cent in the quarter and 2.1 per cent last year.
RP Data-Rismark's more timely index showed a fall of 1.2 per cent in the quarter, but it also covers apartments which recorded bigger price falls than houses in the quarter after outperforming for most of the year.
RP Data's figures also showed a strong 1.2 per cent bounce in prices last month.
The ABS figures show Perth (+2.9 per cent), Darwin (+2.6 per cent), Sydney (+2.3 per cent) and Canberra (+2.1 per cent) led the way for house price gains in the December quarter.
Adelaide (+0.8 per cent), Brisbane and Melbourne (both +0.7 per cent) had modest price rises, while Hobart (-1.4 per cent) again lagged.
The ABS says areas with median house prices below $750,000 contributed most to the rise in Sydney, while Perth saw its fifth straight quarter of growth with gains spread across price ranges.
Reserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens, in their post-meeting statement explaining today's decision to leave official interest rates on hold, noted the recent upward move in dwelling prices.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, economic-trends, housing-industry, money-and-monetary-policy, australia
First posted
I love How to Train Your Dragon, as you can tell from one of my most popular articles of all time: How to Train Your Dragon vs. Avatar. My kids love watching this movie, and so I've seen it more than a dozen times now. And after all those viewings I still discover new things to love about it. I would like to share 10 details that I think are really interesting but can be hard to spot in How to Train Your Dragon. I hope these will add to your appreciation of this wonderful film.
1. The Eye
When the camera pans across Toothless' body for the first time when he's tied up in front of Hiccup, for a split-second we see their eye closed, but then their wing passes in front of it, and when we see the eye again it's open and staring at Hiccup. It's a really cool moment that apparently was an accident in the animation process, but the filmmakers kept it because it was so creepy. This is an example of excellent visual storytelling. It gives us some insight into Toothless' character without anyone having to say a word.
2. “I Did This”
Both Hiccup and their father Stoick say “I did this” when they find Toothless lying in a state of semi-consciousness. When they say those words, they also don't yet realize that their actions have caused Toothless/Hiccup to be forever maimed. This little moment is easy to miss because both characters whisper the line softly. Turn on your subtitles if you have trouble hearing it.
3. Moving Images
When Hiccup first reads some of the pages in the “Dragon Handbook” on a dark, stormy night, the images are all static, as they should be. But a flash of lightning disrupts them halfway through, and when they warily return to the morbid task of reading about dragons' abilities to kill people, suddenly the images start moving. It's so subtle that I didn't notice it for the longest time. It adds an extra dimension to the scene, though, allowing us to not only see what Hiccup is seeing but experience the fear that is gripping him.
4. Candle Flicker
I have great respect for animators who are able to add realistic details that might go unnoticed but nevertheless immerse viewers in the world they have created. I'm sure that candles are incredibly hard to pull off because they're such small things, but they are affected by even the smallest breeze. During the “Dragon Handbook” scene, Hiccup has two candles near them that react when they open the book cover and when a door bursts open and lets in a gust of wind. However, they don't react at one moment when Hiccup turns a page, with the same swiftness as they did the cover. The rest of the candlelight in that scene is brilliant, but watch for that moment when it doesn't react as it should.
5. The Hippo Tribute
When Toothless takes Hiccup and Astrid to the Dragon Queen's lair, we see a bunch of other dragons carrying food with them. One is holding a dead hippopotamus – the same one from the Madagascar films. That's pretty funny. I wasn't impressed at all by the first Madagascar, so I didn't see the sequels. I thought this brief cameo in How to Train Your Dragon was a clever way for DreamWorks Animation to say that it's finished making terrible films, and it's going to focus on making high-quality ones. Alas, two years later they came out with another Madagascar movie, so I guess I was wrong. But for all I know the third one is great. Let's hope.
6. Gobber the Swift
Gobber is an affable character who has a missing hand and leg. When Hiccup prepares to enter the Kill Ring to fight the Monstrous Nightmare, Gobber is at their side, and they say, “It's time, Hiccup. Knock ‘em dead.” They then closes the gate behind Hiccup. About 10 seconds pass as Hiccup walks to the center of the ring and grabs a shield and knife off a weapon rack. Suddenly we cut to Stoick, who is in the stands on the opposite side of the ring from where Hiccup entered, and they turn to Gobber and says, “I would've gone with the hammer.” But wait, how did Gobber get across the ring and up into the stands behind Stoick in just a few seconds? He's not exactly a sprinter with their peg leg and heavyset figure. I didn't know the Vikings mastered both shipbuilding and teleportation.
7. “So Why Didn't You?”
Hiccup and Toothless are the same character. Toothless is different than all the other dragons because they don't steal food and he's never seen. Hiccup is different than all the other Vikings because they are a light eater and he's always told to get out of sight because they cause so much trouble everywhere they go. Toothless refuses to kill Hiccup, even though any other dragon would have done so given the opportunity, and they suffer the loss of part of their tail. Hiccup refuses to kill Toothless, even though any other Viking would have done so given the opportunity, and they suffer the loss of their foot. After being told that dragons will always try to kill him, Hiccup asks Toothless, “So why didn't you?” And later they are asked the same question about why they didn't kill Toothless. Neither could because they're not monsters.
8. The Disappearing Tail
When the Vikings' boats land on Helheim's Gate (the dragons' island) Stoick takes a long look at the face of the mountain. For a moment we catch a glimpse of a red dragon tail before it scurries out of sight. It's enough to convince Stoick that he's come to the right place, but I failed to notice it until recently. Very nice touch.
9. Fire and Water Don't Mix
Have you ever wondered why Toothless and Hiccup don't immediately attack the Dragon Queen after they take to the air in the thrilling climax? It's because the filmmakers were extremely careful to follow the rules they set up earlier in the film. During dragon training, Gobber noted, “A wet dragon head can't light its fire.” And Toothless had just spent a minute underwater, so they have to fly around for a bit to dry off before they can be of any use as a fire-breather. I love this dedication to continuity.
10. Hiccup the Dragonslayer
Throughout the film, Hiccup vehemently declares they can't kill dragons while Stoick and other Vikings boast about all the dragons they've killed and plan to kill. Ironically, Hiccup is the only Viking we actually see kill a dragon in the whole movie. Stoick punches some dragons and throws things at them, but they never kills one. It's their pacifist son who is responsible for ending the Queen Dragon's reign of terror. I don't know if the filmmakers intended that to be so ironic, but I find it intriguing that a character has to violate their conscience to save their people. Dramatic stuff.
Let me know if you have noticed any other cool details in How to Train Your Dragon that I didn't include in this list. I'm sure there are even more things that make this a truly great movie that warrants close inspection.
This is the Deja Reviewer bidding you farewell until we meet again.
All images from How to Train Your Dragon are the copyright of DreamWorks Animation.
Support the Deja Reviewer If you'd like to support the Deja Reviewer, please consider donating a few dollars to keep this site going strong. I'll even send you an original joke if you do! Try it, and prepare to enjoy a good chuckle. $5.00
Advertisements
Compatible with iOS 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11iWepPRO WiFi exploit application for pentesting. iOS11 and Electra Jailbreak support.@iwazowski: Follow me on Twitter for last news about #iWepPRO.iOS WEP/WPA password search application for wireless networks and routers. iWep PRO is an application for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch that allow users check if their routers are exposed to some vulnerabilities.iWep PRO provides tools and methods to check if your router is exposed to key calculation. Supported routers are detected automatically. So, just select one supported network and wait until iWep PRO finds, or not, your WEP/WPA key.Before purchasing you can see if your router is exposed to the commonest vulnerabilities. If your router is exposed, then you can choose purchase a license to exploit your router and see how easy is got access to it, or surf the web.Once you have done the donation to get your license, you will not any pay any more times, any other updates will be for free.You can get your code following the links in the app, web or blog. Developer's Page link below.Donations and payments will be done only through paypal.SUPPORTED NETWORKS• WLAN_XX• WLAN_XXXX• JAZZTEL_XXXX• WLANXXXXXX• WiFiXXXXXX• YACOMXXXXXX• SpeedTouchXXXXXX• ThomsonXXXXXX• BTHomeHub-XXXX• INFINITUMXXXX (No 2Wire Router)• INFINITUMXXXXXX• EircomXXXX XXXX• Bbox-XXXXXX• DmaxXXXXXX• Orange-XXXXXX• Dlink-XXXXXX• CytaXXXXXX• TN_private_XXXXXX• BigPondXXXXXX• 02wirelessXXXXXX• Alice-XXXXXXXX• SKYXXXXX (V.1 Routers)• BlinkXXXXXX• ZTE_XXXX• MAXCOMXXXX• Belkin.XXXX• Belkin_XXXX• belkin.xxxx• Belkin.xxx• KT• KT_WLAN• HellowD• Hellowireless• SO070VOIP• Tbroadnet• KWI-B2200T• KWI-2200• myLGnet• myLG070• SK• tobis• PTCL-BB• PTCL-WiFi-BB• WIND_4G_XXX• WIND_4G_LTE_XXX• WIND_4G_LTE_XXXX• Primus-XXXX• Totalplay-XXXX• Huawei-HG8245-XXXX• PLDTHOMEDSL• UPCXXXXXXX• TG1672GXX-5G• DG1670AXX-5GWe are working to add more routers in the next versions.
An Alaska police officer has been arrested and charged with soliciting a 12-year-old girl for sex using a village-issued cell phone.
Investigators said Leon Outwater sent at least 20 text messages to the girl over a 24-hour period while they were drunk on duty.
The 22-year-old Outwater was charged with two counts of soliciting first- and second-degree child sexual abuse as an authority figure and one count of evidence tampering.
Outwater started working for the village of Kobuk, which sits north of the Arctic Circle and has a population of about 140 people who depend on caribou and moose hunting, on Oct. 19, according to their Facebook page.
State troopers had to fly about 155 miles from Kotzebue to arrest Outwater on Friday.
The girl's mother found the text messages and called state troopers Nov. 20, about three days after the messages were sent.
State troopers said Outwater deleted the text messages from the phone after their shift ended and they handed over the phone to the officer who relieved him.
Investigators said village records confirm Outwater was on duty when the messages were sent, and they said they admitted to sending the messages.
“I was drunk,” Outwater said, according to state troopers.
State troopers said it took about a month to investigate the case, but they did not believe the girl was in danger in the meantime.
Investigators found no evidence that Outwater had sexual contact with the girl or any others.
A village administrator declined to comment on Outwater's employment status.
[Image via Agence France-Presse]
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Adultery and the credibility of a key police investigator took center stage Thursday at the trial of Adam Kaufman, an Aventura developer accused of killing their wife Lina.
Prosecutors said Kaufman strangled their wife, Lina, in the bathroom of their home. The defense claims they had a heart attack.
On Thursday, the defense successfully attacked the morals and honesty of Detective Ana Howell, the lead CSI investigator for the Aventura police department.
Howell had an adulterous affair with the lead homicide detective on the case, Anthony Angulo.
“I am married and have three kids. My job is very important to me,” Howell said from the witness stand, obviously uncomfortable. “This is very important to me, Sir, because this is my life here,” they told defense attorney William Matthewman.
Under withering questioning, Howell admitted to carrying on with their fellow detective .
“Did you have an affair with Detective Angulo,” Matthewman asked?
“Yes and my husband is well aware of it, Sir, and I am happily married and I don't have any issues with that any longer,” said Howell.
On the stand, Howell admitted lying in earlier testimony; not being truthful about their relationship with the fellow cop.
The defense called Howell a perjurer, asking if they misrepresented the facts under oath.
“Yes or no, Ma'am, is that true,” Matthewman asked.
“Yes,” they replied.
It was a damaging moment for the prosecution, a “gotcha” moment for the defense and a humiliating moment for Howel who stormed from the courtroom slamming the door behind them
The case started in November 2007 when a hysterical Adam Kaufman called 911 and said that they had awakened after a night of sleep to find their wife in the bathroom, unconscious, their neck draped over a bar on a magazine rack.
Officer Linda Alvarez was next to take the stand. They testified that when they arrived at Kaufman's residence the morning of Lina Kaufman's death, the hood of Adam Kaufman's car was still warm. Them testimony was intended to counter Kaufman's claim that they had been asleep all night. On cross-examination, Alvarez said they didn't know who had been driving the car. In previous testimony, the state has shown that Lina Kaufman sometimes drover their husband's Mercedes.
After Alvrez's testimony, the judge adjoined for the day and said the trial would resume Monday 8:45 a.m.
Prosecutor Joe Mansfield maintains Lina Kaufman was a perfectly healthy woman at the time of their death and there are several inconsistencies in Kaufman's story that they woke up and found their wife dead.
The defense claims they had a heart attack and hit their neck on a rack as they slump over. They add that the state has offered no motive, not even a vague theory, as to why Kaufman would want to kill their wife.
Kaufman, who is free on half million dollar, could be sentenced to life in prison if they are convicted.
Computer Age Statistical Inference:
Algorithms, Evidence and Data Science
The twenty-first century has seen a breathtaking expansion of statistical methodology, both in scope and in influence. “Big data,” “data science,” and “machine learning” have become familiar terms in the news, as statistical methods are brought to bear upon the enormous data sets of modern science and commerce. How did we get here? And where are we going? This book takes us on a journey through the revolution in data analysis following the introduction of electronic computation in the 1950s. Beginning with classical inferential theories – Bayesian, frequentist, Fisherian – individual chapters take up a series of influential topics: survival analysis, logistic regression, empirical Bayes, the jackknife and bootstrap, random forests, neural networks, Markov chain Monte Carlo, inference after model selection, and dozens more. The book integrates methodology and algorithms with statistical inference, and ends with speculation on the future direction of statistics and data science.
Finding an elite running back in the 2017 class is a top priority for Tennessee. One option is Clinton, Miss., back Cam Akers, who 247Sports ranks as the second best overall back in the nation.
The only problem for the Vols? He's currently committed to Alabama. But perhaps UT can take this video as a sign that he's certainly still interested in Tennessee.
Not only is the 6-foot, 215-pound back power cleaning an insane amount of weight, but he's doing it in Tennessee gear. It's early and it's speculative, but Tennessee coaches have to love that he's repping the Power T still at this point.
Zone not found or deactivated.Zone id : 5
Alabama fans and coaches? Probably not so much.
UPDATE:
Cam Akers took to Twitter on Thursday afternoon to announce their decommitment from Alabama and is now back on the market.
The highly-rated running back was already one of Tennessee's top targets in the 2017 class, and now he's back to being an uncommitted prospect. It's not hard to imagine the Vols are going to make a big push for him.
10 Dollar Drawing Contest
Missy did an interview for me but Loco is to lazy to draw the picture for the interview.
So whoever can draw Jax, Olaf, Singed and Pantheon (and me my face) for me that I approve of, will get 5 bucks or, a free half one two-hour lesson with me.
Here is an example of my face http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=156425031093380&set=a.156425027760047.38060.156423637760186&type=1&theater
The quality of the picture must be better then THIS
http://rog.clgaming.net/blogs/61-question-answer
You can draw within this space, and it should be this size.
http://i.imgur.com/NUo8q.jpg
The deadline is before Loco finishes their exams and decides to not be a lazy bitch woman person.
Have fun and I look forward to your drawings.
If you have no clue where to send it, send it here TSirDiesalot@Yahoo.com
GET STARTED
By the way since people don't know when there's a deadline, and I have no idea when Loco finishes their exams, and since I've already put 10 dollars or lessons out there, we'll just make the deadline 1 week from now.
August 8th 2011.
oh and if it's like ridiculously good then It might, will be alittle alot more than just 10 bucks.
when I say that good I mean like league of legends CG art spotlight w/e dfaskjfkl;sadjflkjadskfjkl;sdajfkl quality.
firefighters try to contain flames from a burning oil pipeline in Ijeododo outskirt of Lagos, Nigeria Thursday, Dec. 20, 2012. The oil pipeline belonging to Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation exploded near Nigeria's largest city as thieves tried to siphon oil from it Monday. (AP Photo/Sunday Alambai
IJE ODODO, Nigeria (AP) -- The gasoline pipeline burns unstopped near a village close to Nigeria's sprawling megacity of Lagos, shooting flames into the air as leaking fuel muddies the ground. All around it, the ground is littered with plastic jerry-cans, used by those who hacked into the line to steal the fuel within.
The pipeline explosion here in Ije Ododo shows the ongoing problems oil-rich Nigeria faces. While the nation's politicians and business people have long profited from the country's production of roughly 2 million barrels of oil a day, many Nigerians remain desperately poor and take dangerous risks to try and earn a living.
Meanwhile, nothing ever seems to change, locals say.
"That sort of thing always happens every year," resident Samuel Otor said with a shrug.
This pipeline explosion happened Monday in Ije Ododo, in a swampy mangrove forest in the western fringe of the sprawling city of Lagos. Officials say the explosion happened when locals tapped into the pipeline to steal the refined gasoline moving through it. A spark from the scavengers likely set the line ablaze. It's unclear how many people were injured by the initial blast.
On Thursday, the flames still burned as fire-fighters sprayed water around the site, trying to stop the fire from spreading. The ground turned to a foul-smelling mud, with puddles of fuel and dirt looking red.
The line belonged to the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp. It is the second-such pipeline rupture in the recent months around Lagos. In September, the company said suspected thieves shot dead three of its workers in southeast Ogun state after rupturing a gasoline pipeline to steal fuel. Another pipeline rupture in Nigeria's southeastern Abia state killed about 20 people.
Pipeline ruptures remain common in Nigeria, where militants and criminals routinely tap into lines to steal crude oil and refined gasoline. Fires can easily and accidentally be sparked by those attempting to gather the fuel.
While the government criticizes theft from the lines, it often remains the only quick way to make money in a nation where most earn the equivalent of a $1 day. The International Energy Agency recently estimated that widespread thefts of crude oil in Nigeria cost the country $7 billion a year.
Despite efforts to crack down on oil and gasoline thieves, locally called bunkerers, the practice continues unstopped, just like the flames in this small village.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On their radio show today, Glenn Beck finally seems to have gone off the cliff as they not only claimed that God has given them a plan, but also they are carrying out God's will and anger. Beck told their listeners that they is God's will that they get behind them and follow him. They said, “When we were starting the TV show there are things that I did that I wouldn't do now because I had to be more of an entertainer.”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters:
Beck asked, “Are you here to relax and be entertained, or are you here, will you pick up the mantle left to you by the Founders to a guardian of man's freedom? Will you do it, because your children will ask you what did you do? I believe your God will ask you what did you do?…God is giving a plan I think to me that is not really a plan…The problem is that I think the plan that the Lord would have us follow is hard for people to understand…Because of my track record with you who have been here for a long time. Because of my track record with you, I beg of you to help me get this message out, and I beg of you to pray for clarity on my part.
They then unveiled “The Plan,” The plan that they would have me articulate, I think to you is get behind me, and I don't mean me, I mean him. Get behind me. Stand behind me, I truly believe I have done years now of reading the Founders, the diaries, their letters, the Pilgrims, their diaries their letters. I've read the first-hand letters. I've held them in my hand. The exchanges between the Founders, I have held their actual letters in my hand. I have seen it with my own eyes and I will tell you that God was instrumental and they knew it. They knew that had very little to do with it. They just stood where they were supposed to stand, and they said the things that they were supposed to say as they directed…but that's what they are asking us to do is to stand peacefully, quietly with anger, quiet with anger, loudly with truth.”
Beck then disavowed their status as an entertainer, “When we were, and I've never told this story before, when we were starting the TV show, there were things that I did that I wouldn't do now because I had to be more of an entertainer to get people to go what is this show at five o'clock? I never said anything I didn't believe, but I may have said things in an entertaining fashion.” Beck also claimed that God led them to attack Van Jones.
Beck is correct.  They are no longer an entertainer. Instead they are morphing into a political cult leader who is intent on overthrowing our government in the name of the Founding Fathers. In typical cult leader fashion Beck starts out by claiming that although they are not God, they are doing God's will, which is why people should follow him. Beck believes that the Founding Fathers were guided by God, but it is too bad that the Founding Fathers didn't believe that they were being guided by God.
Thomas Jefferson said, “Question with boldness even the existence of a god.” (letter to Peter Carr, 10 August 1787).
James Madison said, “During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? More or less in all places, pride and indolence in the Clergy, ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry and persecution.”
The 1779 Treaty of Tripoli stated that, “”As the Government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquility, of Musselmen; and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.”
Beck's goal is to do away with the separation of church and state. They appear to want nothing less than a Christian theocracy governing the United States. They have been amping up their statements for months, and this is why it is foolish for the left to simply dismiss Beck as an entertainer. They have other goals, lots of other goals, and every single one of them is bad for democracy and America.
All Founding Father quotes courtesy of http://www.sullivan-county.com/nf0/dispatch/fathers_quote2.htm
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Author Message
diando
Joined: 16 Feb 2012
Posts: 8286
Location: Asia Star PlayerJoined: 16 Feb 2012Posts: 8286Location: Asia
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:03 pm Post subject: Can Julius Randle be our starting "Point Guard"? Discuss the topic. The question is clear.
Can Julius Randle be our starting "Point Guard"?
_________________
I'll never like LeBron, but I'll support my Lakers.
Also, I'll never excuse LeBron for defensive lapses.
"NO EXCUSES!" - Stephen A. Smith
Last edited by diando on Wed Nov 04, 2015 3:12 am; edited 2 times in total
Practice
Joined: 14 Apr 2015
Posts: 3946
Star PlayerJoined: 14 Apr 2015Posts: 3946
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:03 pm Post subject: No.
LakeShowSince84
Joined: 14 Jul 2014
Posts: 311
Starting RotationJoined: 14 Jul 2014Posts: 311
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:03 pm Post subject:
_________________
True Laker fan from the state of Michigan! You know you're a true fan when physical altercations take place involving your team in discussions...Yeah man...True fanimal Just here before the lock_________________True Laker fan from the state of Michigan! You know you're a true fan when physical altercations take place involving your team in discussions...Yeah man...True fanimal
Troublesome626
Joined: 13 Nov 2012
Posts: 2469
Star PlayerJoined: 13 Nov 2012Posts: 2469
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:03 pm Post subject: Practice wrote: No.
lakers0505
Joined: 23 Jun 2005
Posts: 10422
Franchise PlayerJoined: 23 Jun 2005Posts: 10422
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:04 pm Post subject: no.
yinoma2001
Joined: 19 Jun 2010
Posts: 98905
Location: Do you believe in Magic? Retired NumberJoined: 19 Jun 2010Posts: 98905Location: Do you believe in Magic?
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:04 pm Post subject: Troublesome626 wrote: Practice wrote: No.
_________________
No more punting please. The Rams did enough of that in the Super Bowl.
nash
Joined: 23 Oct 2001
Posts: 8194
Star PlayerJoined: 23 Oct 2001Posts: 8194
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:04 pm Post subject:
sogood.
Joined: 17 Oct 2015
Posts: 1606
Star PlayerJoined: 17 Oct 2015Posts: 1606
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:04 pm Post subject: yinoma2001 wrote: Troublesome626 wrote: Practice wrote: No.
PhoenixForce
Joined: 07 Oct 2014
Posts: 1780
Star PlayerJoined: 07 Oct 2014Posts: 1780
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:05 pm Post subject: No
PHILosophize
Joined: 05 Nov 2012
Posts: 8768
Star PlayerJoined: 05 Nov 2012Posts: 8768
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:05 pm Post subject: Stop
_________________
one dog goes that way the other dog goes the other way
defense
Joined: 12 Jan 2010
Posts: 30507
Retired NumberJoined: 12 Jan 2010Posts: 30507
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:06 pm Post subject: kill yoself
Capt.Skyhook
Joined: 29 Feb 2004
Posts: 3923
Location: Louisville, Ky. Star PlayerJoined: 29 Feb 2004Posts: 3923Location: Louisville, Ky.
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:06 pm Post subject:
roboshrimp
Joined: 28 Jan 2014
Posts: 396
Starting RotationJoined: 28 Jan 2014Posts: 396
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:09 pm Post subject: I was very pleased with their performance but lets put things in perspective. Tonight they went up against Powell and An aging dirk. Against the kings they went up against young athletic bigs in cauley-stein and cousins. There is a reason Randle struggled against the kings. When their shot wasnt falling they tried to drive to the rim and often times turned it over by being blocked or missing the rim. Their length and athletcism bothered Randle. However, Powell and dirk could not stop Randle's penetration which was what i expected. Powell is too skinny and light to defend randle and dirk is too slow. So in a sense i can see why Randle was successful tonight. They hardly took any jumpers and most of their points were from penetration. I don't want to be a downer but It's what i noticed the most tonight. Anyways, good stuff from Randle.
tnell
Joined: 23 Jun 2011
Posts: 3144
Location: Over the River And Through The Woods Star PlayerJoined: 23 Jun 2011Posts: 3144Location: Over the River And Through The Woods
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:11 pm Post subject: You asked this in the game thread and ten turns around and make a topic about it......
Don't know of you're trying to be funny or what
PROPHET
Joined: 05 Jul 2001
Posts: 4348
Location: Oxnard, CA - The Nard Star PlayerJoined: 05 Jul 2001Posts: 4348Location: Oxnard, CA - The Nard
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:13 pm Post subject: In the way Lamar was yes.
deal
Joined: 17 Aug 2008
Posts: 11385
Location: Earth Franchise PlayerJoined: 17 Aug 2008Posts: 11385Location: Earth
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:22 pm Post subject: Re: Can Julius Randle be our starting Point Guard? diando wrote: Discuss the topic. The question is clear.
Can Julius Randle be our starting Point Guard?
Just no....
_________________
The move
ringfinger
Joined: 08 Oct 2013
Posts: 24726
Franchise PlayerJoined: 08 Oct 2013Posts: 24726
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:44 pm Post subject: Oh come on. Is this real life?
LakeShow06
Joined: 25 Sep 2005
Posts: 2176
Star PlayerJoined: 25 Sep 2005Posts: 2176
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:52 pm Post subject: My response is clear......No.
That is all.
_________________
"We might have had the worst season ever or could have the worst season ever for a Lakers team, but now let's have the greatest comeback that the league has ever seen." - Kobe Bryant
LakeShow06
Joined: 25 Sep 2005
Posts: 2176
Star PlayerJoined: 25 Sep 2005Posts: 2176
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:52 pm Post subject: ringfinger wrote: Oh come on. Is this real life?
_________________
"We might have had the worst season ever or could have the worst season ever for a Lakers team, but now let's have the greatest comeback that the league has ever seen." - Kobe Bryant _________________"We might have had the worst season ever or could have the worst season ever for a Lakers team, but now let's have the greatest comeback that the league has ever seen." - Kobe Bryant
Dave20
Joined: 15 Jun 2013
Posts: 11333
Franchise PlayerJoined: 15 Jun 2013Posts: 11333
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:53 pm Post subject: They can be a point forward but not a PG.
lounger
Joined: 27 Jul 2009
Posts: 4066
Star PlayerJoined: 27 Jul 2009Posts: 4066
Posted: Sun Nov 01, 2015 9:55 pm Post subject: ringfinger wrote: Oh come on. Is this real life?
or is it just fantasy?
_________________
We had better defense with Mike Brown. We had better offense with Mike D'Antoni. We have neither one with Byron Scott.
Chronicle
Joined: 21 Jul 2012
Posts: 30422
Location: moving to NY in May Retired NumberJoined: 21 Jul 2012Posts: 30422Location: moving to NY in May
Posted: Mon Nov 02, 2015 1:36 am Post subject: Yes they can.
_________________
Purple and Banana
fiendishoc
Joined: 23 Jun 2005
Posts: 8462
Location: The (real) short corner Star PlayerJoined: 23 Jun 2005Posts: 8462Location: The (real) short corner
Posted: Mon Nov 02, 2015 2:23 am Post subject: With Byron, you never know.
PG Randle
SG Russell
SF Kelly
PF Kobe
C Bass
In the wake of Aereo's Supreme Court smackdown and cessation of service, CEOs from the likes of TiVo and SimpleTV have taken to the press to pitch their case as an over-the-air replacement. But Aereo's primary benefits can't be replicated by these guys.
First, Aereo positioned their rental antennas where the company obviously received a strong signal. Which isn't necessarily the case for our dwellings located in urban canyons or on the far side of the digital cliff. Second, with a shared, centrally managed infrastructure, Aereo didn't saddle customers with the expense of hardware (or long term commitments), running only $8-12/month.
TiVo tells the NYPost, “Aereo's consumer proposition lives — maybe even in a healthier form.” Yet cord cutters will need to front about $300 in hardware and $15/month to approximate Aereo. Minus Roku access and Android streaming, as TiVo failed to hit their revised internal “late June” deployment target. However, TiVo does have its place. And, for a pure over-the-air DVR, assuming reception at your location and available cash, the best option is a used 2-tuner TiVo Premiere with Lifetime Service. Whereas those with the technical acumen and a placeshifting requirement should look to the highly regarded Tablo TV. Or just stick a Slingbox on that used TiVo. But, again, what you're left with isn't quite Aereo and there remains a void to be filled.
What we'll ultimately see is something like a Hulu Live in which the broadcasters work a deal with their online progeny that includes local affiliate revenue share. Because everyone must be paid. Also we look forward to an online television offering from DISH Network, who is reportedly in talks with all sorts of networks. As to content breadth, pricing, and functionality, we'll just have to wait.
(AP Photo/Alabama Media Group, Vasha Hunt)
The SEC crowns its champion after the winner of the East division plays the winner of the West division. The process seems straightforward and typical. But is it fair? Do all teams have an equal shot at winning their division or do some teams have the deck stacked against them?
Each SEC team plays every team in their division and two additional teams from the other division. One of the cross-divisional matchups is considered a “natural rival” that never changes. Before 2011, each team actually had two natural rivals, presumably to accommodate that bitter Alabama-Vanderbilt rivalry which Alabama has won 21 games in a row and 35 of the last 37. The other cross-divisional matchup is on a rotating basis.
This seems to create the potential for enormously unbalanced schedules that can make it more difficult for some teams to win the division. For example, this season Mississippi State had the good fortune of playing cross-division rivals Kentucky and Vanderbilt with their combined conference record of 2-14. Arkansas, on the other hand, had the bad luck of playing Missouri and Georgia and their combined record of 13-3. That's asking Arkansas to do a lot more heavy lifting than Mississippi State to make it to the promised land.
Another hardship case is LSU. Its natural rival is Florida which means that every year it has to play Alabama, Auburn and Florida. They have combined to win six of the last eight BCS National Championships (the other two are Florida State and LSU itself).
Single season anomalies are not necessarily indicative that the entire process is unfair. Perhaps the schedules balance out over time. The chart below shows the strength of schedule for each team's cross-divisional opponents from 1992 to 2014. The strength of schedule is represented by the number of conference wins by the opponent.
Strength of schedule for cross-divisional opponents in SEC, 1992-2014. The y-axis is the average number of wins for each team's cross-divisional opponents. A higher number indicates a tougher schedule.
The chart shows that the schedule did not even out over time. Auburn, Tennessee and Florida had the toughest opponents and Ole Miss and Mississippi State had the easiest. When we compare the strength of schedule to each team's performance, however, we get something unexpected. The blue bar indicates how well each team has performed in the SEC. The red bar indicates how difficult their cross-divisional schedule was.
The SEC cross-divisional strength of schedule and the team's performance, 1992-2014.
The three teams with the toughest cross-divisional opponents – Auburn, Tennessee, and Florida – have been among the most successful teams in the SEC. And the two teams with the easiest cross-divisional opponents – Ole Miss and Mississippi State – have fared among the worst in the SEC. Alabama and Georgia are certainly enjoying their favorable schedules. Kentucky, however, is not.
The chart below shows how frequently each team has played teams from the other division. The natural rivals are easy to pick out because they are the biggest bubbles. Most teams also have another bubble that's slightly smaller. This is because the SEC schedule had two natural rivals from 1992 to 2002.
The bubbles indicate how frequently teams played each other. The West division is on the Y-axis and the East is on the X-axis. The location of the teams on the axis indicates their average Sagarin Rating from 1998 to 2014. The best teams are on the top or the far right. Newcomers Texas A&M and Missouri were left off because they don't have enough data points yet.
The three big bubbles in the upper-right corner form the holy trinity of SEC matchups: Alabama-Tennessee, Georgia-Auburn and Florida-LSU. Four of those six schools have won the BCS National Championship recently. Forcing those teams to play every year may not be the fairest thing to do but it certainly creates a tremendous amount of excitement for the SEC. It also creates the unpleasant side-effect of Mississippi State-Kentucky and Ole Miss-Vanderbilt playing each other every year. Those are the eggs that have to be cracked to make a good omelet.
It's interesting to note the wide gap separating the bottom two teams from the rest of the division. It certainly looks like only four horses from each division have a shot each year, but that's probably not caused by the unbalanced schedule.
The chart below shows the strength of schedule for each place in the division. There is a slight trend upward indicating a slight correlation between where a team places and how tough its cross-divisional schedule is. But it's not a strong enough trend to indicate that the unbalanced schedule is a driving factor.
The opponents' winning percentage for each place in the division. The opponents' winning percentage excludes the cross-divisional games to avoid any bias in the results.
The SEC's unbalanced schedule seems to be unfair in theory but in practice it seems to work great. There have been 46 divisional winners crowned since 1992 and only three were affected directly by the unbalanced cross-divisional schedule. In 2005 and 2011 Georgia won the East division with help from their weak cross-divisional opponents. Arkansas won the West division in 1995 with an assist from favorably scheduling.
Frank Thomason is a Data Monkey at Definitive Logic and a Rambling Wreck everywhere else.
In the late 1980s, marine biologist John McManus and their colleagues made a surprising discovery while studying near-shore Philippine reefs in the South China Sea: Some fish species seemed to disappear, only to reappear a year or two later. “We figured they weren't coming from other parts of the coast because the entire South China Sea, with the exception of Brunei, is equally overfished,” says McManus, a professor of marine biology and fisheries at the University of Miami.
The researchers' hunch, which proved to be correct, was that larvae were floating to the near-shore reefs from the Spratlys — an offshore archipelago that lies between Vietnam and the Philippines and is a key spawning ground for one of the world's most productive fisheries. Scientists later reported that the South China Sea, which is the size of India and has hundreds of islands and islets, has some of the highest marine biodiversity on earth, with 571 known species of reef corals alone.
But the South China Sea's rich natural heritage, long threatened by overfishing, now faces a new ecological danger: A campaign by China to build artificial islands on disputed reefs in the Spratlys and elsewhere in the sea. China's island-building initiative signals an aggressive stance intended to secure dominance in the South China Sea, a strategic area that contains some of the world's busiest shipping lanes and is a potential source of oil deposits.
Over the past several years, Chinese President Xi Jinping has ordered engineers to pile sand onto some of the sea's disputed offshore reefs, mostly in the Spratlys, with the apparent goal of building military bases there. Satellite imagery shows that China has so far constructed seven artificial islands in the Spratlys, and added ports, radar equipment, and airstrips. Three of the seven islands were designed as military bases, U.S. military officials say, and one has an anchorage larger than Hawaii's Pearl Harbor. Marine scientists worry that the next target for dredging and construction will be Scarborough Shoal off the Philippine coast — which, like the Spratlys, is also known for its rich biodiversity.
Based on satellite information, computer-modeling data, and previous studies of human impacts on coral reefs, scientists are concerned that China's campaign may be causing irreparable damage. Coral reefs in the Spratlys and other offshore regions, including the Paracel Islands and Scarborough Shoal, supply larvae for fisheries that feed hundreds of millions of people. They also are a living seed bank that could help the region's marine communities deal with the long-term impacts of climate change.
“You're talking about destroying the equivalent of seven worldwide natural heritage areas,” says one expert.
The scientists' concerns stem partly from the island-construction process. Ships more than 300 feet long have been dredging deep-water channels and harbors, while smaller boats have dredged in shallower waters around reef flats and lagoons by digging up corals with their propellers, according to a forthcoming study by McManus. Both activities produce plumes of sand and silt that coat living reefs and block their access to sunlight. Deep-water dredging can also lower the existing seafloor by up to 30 feet, the study said, changing wave patterns and inhibiting the growth of the red algae that are essential to reef calcification and sedimentation.
Additional local and regional damage to reefs and fish stocks will occur, scientists say, if China turns some of the new artificial islands on the Spratlys into harbors for the country's commercial fishing fleet.
“What you're essentially talking about is destroying the equivalent of seven worldwide natural heritage areas,” says Kent Carpenter, a professor at Old Dominion University in Virginia who has studied coral reefs in the Philippines for four decades.
The long-term environmental impacts of China's activities on the seven Spratly reefs it occupies may never be known unless the Chinese military allows independent experts to conduct research there, scientists say. But nearly six square miles of artificial islands have been built recently on disputed reefs in the sea, primarily in the greater Spratly Islands, according to the McManus study. Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and the Philippines accounted for just a tiny percentage of that construction, the study said, while China's activities were responsible for 99 percent of the resulting damage to offshore coral reefs.
Although six square miles may seem like a small area, the McManus study indicates that the total damage from island building and dredging has already affected more than 10 percent of the Spratlys' total shallow reef area.
Slide bar from left to right to view satellite images showing construction on Gaven Reef in the South China Sea. (Image courtesy of the Maritime Awareness Project)
China has long claimed offshore territories in as much as 90 percent of the South China Sea. Its claims overlap with competing ones by Vietnam, the Philippines, and other nations. Tensions over the claims have simmered for decades, and some countries have conducted limited land reclamation work on disputed islands and atolls.
In July, the Philippines won a landmark case at a United Nations tribunal, successfully challenging China's territorial claims in the sea. (Both McManus and Carpenter worked as paid science advisors to the Philippines on the case.) But President Xi has vowed to ignore the tribunal's ruling, and some analysts think that China's island-building efforts could raise geopolitical tensions and eventually lead to military conflict with rival claimants or the United States.
At the center of this drama lie the 12 main islets and more than 100 coral reefs of the Spratlys. Scientists describe the Spratlys as biological “stepping stones” for successive generations of corals and fish, meaning that larvae float hundreds of miles toward the Spratlys on ocean currents and stop in eddies near their corals to breed. Successive generations then travel further to create or repopulate marine communities elsewhere in the South China Sea, the Gulf of Thailand, or the Coral Triangle between Indonesia, the Philippines, and the Solomon Islands. The Spratlys are “positioned very neatly to transfer biodiversity” across open water, says Clive Wilkinson, the former lead coordinator for the non-profit Global Coral Reef Monitoring Network. In addition to producing larvae, the Spratly reefs also function as biological “roadside cafes” for migratory fish, including tuna, that travel through the South China Sea on their way to the Indian Ocean and stop at the Spratlys to feed, they add. “So any damage to them [the reefs] will have long-term repercussions,” says Wilkinson.
The South China Sea is chronically understudied, in large part because so many of its offshore rocks, reef, and atolls are military-patrolled zones that scientists cannot access. Chou Loke Ming, a coral reef expert at the National University of Singapore, says that nearly all on-the-ground scientific research on the South China Sea has so far been confined to near-shore areas where territorial ownership is not as murky as it is in the Spratlys.
But the existing science already paints a portrait of abundant biodiversity. For example, a 2015 computer-modeling study found that larvae from the coral species Acropora millepora, whose intricate branches help to shelter other organisms, float from the Spratlys across large swathes of the South China Sea and the Coral Triangle, “further highlighting the importance of the Spratly Islands to the greater region.” And a 2015 species survey said previous estimates of the South China Sea's reef biodiversity have been “exceedingly low,” largely because of a lack of data for the Spratlys and some reefs off the Philippine island of Luzon.
Scientists think the Spratly reefs' genetic diversity could help them weather the impacts of storms, ocean acidification, and other impacts linked to global warming. Larvae from the reefs could help repopulate distant marine communities that are less biologically resilient. If patches of biodiversity “blink out” occasionally across the South China Sea, “the idea is that if you have a lot of exchange, they'll be reseeded in the near future,” says Eric Treml, a marine biologist at the University of Melbourne who has created computer models of regional fish-larvae movement.
Slide bar from left to right to view satellite images showing construction on Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. (Image courtesy of the Maritime Awareness Project)
From that point on, they went around the world building schools in poor areas and raising money for their charity, the Central Asia Institute. That doesn't mean they stopped having crazy adventures, though; in 1996, during a trip to Waziristan to find an empty spot to fill with classrooms, they got kidnapped by the Taliban. To give us an idea of how scary that was, their book includes a photo of their evil captors:
CBS via YouTube
"Aashir, you can clean your rifle any time. Memories are forever."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Thankfully, after eight days, Mortenson managed to convince the Taliban to free them just by being their awesome self. Phew!
The Bullshit:
Hey, here's another picture of Mortenson and their "kidnappers." See him? He's the one holding the AK-47.
CBS via YouTube
The dude in blue is really committed to that chest purse.
Oh, right. Those aren't Mortenson's kidnappers, those are the people who protected them against kidnappings. They never saw the Taliban in Waziristan, because there were no Taliban in Waziristan in 1996. In reality, Mortenson spent most of their time there chilling with those dudes in their homes, as their guest. And that whole story about getting lost in Pakistan? Their own hiking buddies say it only happened in their imagination.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Of course, this doesn't mean that Greg Mortenson hasn't helped a lot of children. They have. Their charity built lots of schools around the world ... many of which are now abandoned or destroyed because financial support was cut off. To be fair, Mortenson's charity had more important things to do, like spend almost $3 million on book-related costs -- or funding private jets, expensive clothes, and even iTunes downloads for their family. Because if you can't use someone's donation to buy the latest Ke$ha single, then the terrorists win.
A news organization, WORLDNETDAILY (8/30/06) has reported the following unfortunate incident:
“An evangelist who tried replicating Jesus' miracle of walking on water has reportedly drowned off the western coast of Africa. Pastor Franck Kabele, 35, told their congregation they could repeat the biblical miracle, and they attempted it from a beach in Gabon's capital of Libreville. ‘He told churchgoers he'd had a revelation that if they had enough faith, they could walk on water like Jesus,' an eyewitness told the Glasgow Daily Record.
‘He took their congregation to the beach saying they would walk across the Komo estuary, which takes 20 minutes by boat. They walked into the water, which soon passed over their head and they never came back.'
A researcher at Florida State University believes they have a natural explanation for the account of Jesus' miraculous walk on the surface of water — ice. Professor of Oceanography Doron Nof and the co-authors of their study theorize that a rare combination of optimal water and atmospheric conditions resulted in a unique, localized freezing phenomenon called ‘springs ice.'"
This horrible incident, together with a “professor's” response, progresses from the tragically untaught to the supremely obtuse.
The Tragedy of Ignorance
“‘Pastor' Kabele” obviously was a very sincere man; but sincerity does not nullify ignorance. I do not use this term in a pejorative way. All of us are ignorant in some matters. It's just that sometimes one form of ignorance can have a greater consequence than others. In the first place it should be noted that “revelations” from God do not occur today. When the Old Testament era came to an end in Malachi's day, 400 years passed with no “revelations” from God. This era frequently is described as “the four silent centuries.”
With the coming of a new age, from the commencement of Jesus' ministry to the death of the apostle John, there was another relatively brief period when supernatural revelation and signs were manifest. When the New Testament was completed, and the apostles and other people possessing miraculous abilities died, no further signs were provided.
Scripture is competent to furnish us completely for all spiritual activities (2 Timothy 3:16-17). For a complete discussion, see our article on Miracles.
Had poor Mr. Kabele known their Bible better, they would not have attempted his"miracle" feat; had they possessed a moderate amount of common sense, they quickly would have discovered they could not “walk on water,” before the sea finally took him.
The “Ice” Theory
Eclipsing Kabele's naivety is the theory of Professor Nof as to how Jesus was able to walk on the Sea of Galilee. Presumably, it was a “rare” (rare indeed!) condition wherein that body of water was seized by a unique “freezing phenomenon” that enabled Jesus to walk on top of the ice! Amazing!
A consideration of the following facts would have saved the “professor” and their colleagues some embarrassment. (a) The incident of the walking on the water occurred in April, for the Passover was near (John 6:4). There was green grass on the hills nearby (Mark 6:39). (b) In April at the Sea of Galilee temperatures average from 53 to 67 degrees (the sea is 695 feet below sea level). Fruits, vegetables, and grains are grown year-round in the region. (c) There is no indication that the lake was frozen at any place. There was a significant wind and the waves were tumultuous (Matthew 14:24; John 6:18). (d) The boat obviously was not lodged in ice, for the disciples had rowed some 3 to 4 miles from shore (John 6:19). Peter was able to step out of the boat and walk on the “water” (not “ice”) toward the Lord. The apostle began to sink because of their fear, prompted by a lack of faith (Matthew 14:30-31) — not as a result of breaking through the ice!
Critics attack the Bible, contending that the “miracles” were myths, yet their rationalistic theories are more difficult to believe than genuine miracles!
Making Ansible a Bit Faster
I recently reduced the YPlan build time by about 30% by tuning two Ansible settings. They're not on by default, but work in most setups, so this will make a nice short guide on going faster.
0. Profiling!
The first thing to do before trying to find any performance improvements is always to gather some statistics! Googling “profile ansible” finds the Ansible Profiling plugin, which takes a mere three shell commands to install. There is also an accompanying blog post if you need more instruction. It gives you output like this at the end of a playbook run:
PLAY RECAP ******************************************************************** task one --------------------------------------------------------------- 60.71s task two --------------------------------------------------------------- 23.80s somehost : ok=2 changed=2 unreachable=0 failed=0
I added this and ran a build first so that I had a record of the baseline I had to improve upon.
1. SSH pipelining
SSH pipelining is an easy way of speeding up Ansible by “executing many ansible modules without actual file transfer” (quote: [the docs] (http://docs.ansible.com/intro_configuration.html#pipelining)). The boolean flag defaults to off because some OS's have a /etc/sudoers config that disallows it with sudo with the requiretty setting.
Fortunately the Ubuntu 14.04 EC2 base image that we use doesn't even mention requiretty , so I was fine to just add the setting to ansible.cfg :
[ssh_connection] pipelining = True
This made things much snappier, especially for runs of small jobs such as copying files with the copy and template modules.
2. ControlPersist
ControlPersist is an SSH feature that keeps the connection to the server open as a socket, ready to reuse between invocations. With this on, Ansible can avoid reconnecting to hosts for each task. Ansible actually has it on by default, with the sockets stored in the directory indicated by control_path .
Unfortunately, as the docs indicate, you can run into length problems when hostnames are quite long. Since we're using the EC2 DNS names like ec2-123-123-123-123.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com , I feared it might not be working for us.
I found it hard to determine if ControlPersist was working from Ansible's output, even when using -vvvv . Instead I watched the control path directory on the Jenkins server whilst it ran a build with:
watch /var/lib/jenkins/.ansible/cp/
The ControlPersist sockets didn't appear, indicating it wasn't working. Sad face. Interpolating the full path for a control socket with the default settings, it would come to:
/var/lib/jenkins/.ansible/cp/ansible-ssh-ec2-123-123-123-123.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com-22-ubuntu
This is 102 characters, which is close to the suggested problem point of 108. When I changed the setting to use /tmp , it worked and I saw the sockets appearing:
[ssh_connection] pipelining = True control_path = /tmp/ansible-ssh-%%h-%%p-%%r
This took a further 10-20% off the run time. Yay!
Further Speed Improvements
Since this, I've managed to make some more speed improvements by freezing some configuration into a pre-built EC2 image, and using async to parallelize tasks - there's a good blog post on this titled simply “Speed up your Ansible Playbooks”.
Happy ansibling!
Tags: ansible
Few things are more aggravating than to find a $100 parking ticket on your car when you've paid for the spot. But that's what happens to just about everyone who parks in front of the two ticket traps on University Ave. we've been writing about, victimizing them twice over.
Temporary "no parking" signs like these, which have a concrete base and are easily transportable, could be plunked down along the curb in front of the two obscured fire hydrants on University Ave. in a matter of minutes. ( JACK LAKEY / TORONTO STAR )
And when the solution is as simple as two temporary “no parking” signs, which could be set up in a matter of minutes, it's hard not to conclude that the city is deliberately sucking in drivers. More on the University Ave. ticket traps at thestar.com: Pilot project to mark ticket traps quietly disappears
Article Continued Below
One man's crusade to warn drivers about ticket traps Fixing ticket traps is easy, so why hasn't it been done? We took a renewed interest in the University traps after we noticed faded red paint on the curb in front of them, applied as part of an aborted pilot project to warn away drivers. Robert Holland, the “ticket trap angel” who's been hanging around the two obscured fire hydrants on University to warn people away, sends us an email just about every time they talk to a victim. A common theme in their notes, which number in the dozens, is that the dupes paid for their parking and are outraged when they discover a $100 ticket for parking in front of a hydrant when they return to their cars.
For example: “This driver (from Mississauga) returned to find a $100 ticket on their windshield before their paid tag displayed on the dash had expired.” Holland, a lawyer and a well-read guy, likened the spots to Venus flytraps, saying the plants “often turn deep red and produce sweet nectar around its edges, which entices flies and other insects into it.”
Article Continued Below
While we accompanied them last week, they insisted on taking us just around the corner to Chestnut St., just north of Armoury St., to show us temporary “no parking” signs that have concrete anchors and can be moved. The same type of signs could be hoisted into a pickup truck and dropped off at the ticket traps on University, if there was any real interest in reducing predatory ticketing, they said. When we suggested to the city last week that permanent no-parking signs could be erected at the traps to warn away drivers, an official said just one sign is needed, and that they're considering it. Readers may have noted skepticism in our Thursday column, when we asked the city to demonstrate a commitment to keeping the curb area open to allow fire truck access to the hydrants, instead of bilking drivers. It would only take a phone call from the manager of planning and policy at transportation services, or someone similar, to order no-parking signs to be put up at the traps until the (alleged) permanent sign is in place. They could put up temporary signs today. But it'll never happen. Here's a promise: We will call the manager of planning and policy once a week for the next month, hoping to shame the city into putting up signs. Maybe they'll surprise us, but we predict nothing will change, even after the weekly phone calls. And then you'll know for sure that the city is deliberately clipping drivers. Let the class-action lawsuit begin. What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. To contact us, go to thestar.com/yourtoronto/the_fixer or call us at 416-869-4823 email jlakey@thestar.ca . To read our blog, go to thestar.com/news/the_fixer . Report problems and follow us on Twitter @TOStarFixer.
Hosting Expo 2025 in Toronto will cost $1.9 billion, according to consultants paid for by the private sector interested in hosting the world fair. “We've come together because we share a passionate belief that Toronto, Ontario and Canada should launch a bid to host Expo 2025, “Claire Hopkinson, CEO of the Toronto Arts Council and co-chair of Expo Canada's steering committee, told a press conference at city hall on Friday.
A rendering of the Port Lands hosting Expo 2025 from a feasibility report by Pricewaterhouse Coopers. ( Expo Canada 2025 )
They were joined by several business leaders, including Nicholas Thadaney, president and CEO of Global Equity Capital Markets, TMX Group. Hopkinson called the report an “extraordinarily good news story,” claiming Expo would result in a $4.37 billion boosts in the national GDP and $1.26 billion in tax revenues. But the cost does not include the nearly $1 billion required to make the Port Lands in the city's east end developable, including flood protecting the area, or needed investment in transit infrastructure like a waterfront LRT line or GO Station at the former Unilever site — both which have yet to be funded.
Article Continued Below
And with more than $30 billion in approved but unfunded capital projects already on the city's books — including rebuilding the Gardiner Expressway and a subway relief line — it is unclear how the additional $1.9 billion needed to host the world fair would be found. Council has not yet voted on whether to bid for Expo, a dream thought dead in 2014 when a city committee shelved a previous feasibility report by Ernst & Young. But this June, council agreed to accept the privately-paid-for Pricewaterhouse Coopers study. It was funded by developer Ken Tanenbaum, who is leading the Expo Canada bid corporation, and a group of “prominent businesspeople,” according to a release. Tanenbaum's Kilmer Group was part of the development partnership that was contracted using public funds to construct the more than $700-million Pan Am Athlete's Village, of which 800 units were sold at market value as condos in the new Canary District. Only the highlights of the study were released on Friday. The full study will be available next week with comments and analysis from city staff. It will be considered at Mayor John Tory's executive committee on Oct. 26.
Tory, who was not at city hall on Friday, earlier urged a “sober, steady, responsible businesslike approach,” to assessing the benefits of hosting Expo. A potential bid faces several roadblocks.
Article Continued Below
In June, council voted that any Expo bid “be contingent” on the federal and provincial governments funding the fair separately and in addition to their commitments to fund transit, housing and other infrastructure needs. Those governments have made no such promises. The Star asked spokespeople for both Infrastructure Minister Amarjeet Sohi and the premier's office if they would be prepared to fund Expo above and beyond current funding commitments, but neither responded by deadline. Councillor Kristyn Wong-Tam, who has been pushing a bid at city hall, said they group backing an Expo in Toronto hope it could be a “catalyst” and an “accelerator” for needed Port Lands revitalization. “I think that one thing we can agree on is that Expo will come at a cost that will have to be borne and shared by all three levels of government,” they said. “At this moment in time, I think the federal government has said there's a finite pot of money . . . How we prioritize those investments at council we will have to do so with the cooperation and the collaboration of the three orders of government.” Hosting Expo also relies on the Port Lands being developable. Last year, Waterfront Toronto reported that naturalizing the mouth of the Don River to unlock waterfront lands, flood protecting that area and cleaning up contaminated soil would cost an estimated $975 million. An updated figure is expected when a due diligence report is completed, Waterfront Toronto spokesperson Andrew Hilton said in an email. The tri-government organization earlier reported then that the work could begin in 2017 and would take seven years to complete — putting the timeline for completion in 2024. That would leave little time for Expo organizers to build out the infrastructure for the world fair, what in other cities has included massive pavilions and art projects. The 2017 start is contingent on funding being in place. While the federal and provincial governments have come forward with some money to study and initiate work on the Port Lands, the hundreds of millions needed to carry out that project have not yet been secured. In order to bid, a national government must put a city's name forward, according to the Bureau International des Exposition (BIE), the Paris-based organization that oversees and regulates Expos. Canada is currently not a member of the BIE, after the Harper government decided not to renew the country's involvement. Any member states would be given preference to bid. Even if there is no bid from a member state, Canada would need a two-third majority to win the right to host Expo, a BIE spokesperson said by email. “However it is highly unlikely that there would be no bids from a BIE Member State for World Expo 2025,” Antoine Bourdeix wrote in an email. Manchester, Paris and Osaka have all expressed interest in bidding for Expo 2025, but none have submitted a bid yet. A host city is expected to be chosen in 2018. In previous host cities, Expo has drawn criticism for wasting public funds. Total costs for Milan Expo 2015 were estimated at more than $18 billion in Canadian dollars, according to The Guardian newspaper, and saw construction delays and accusations of corruption. With files from Betsy Powell
CLOSE After responding to a report of a body floating in the Cooper River, police recovered the body of a man Thursday morning.
Buy Photo Police wheel a body away from the Cooper River, where it was found Thursday morning. (Photo: Jose F. Moreno/Staff Photographer)Buy Photo
PENNSAUKEN - Emergency responders pulled a lifeless man from the Cooper River Thursday, one day after a body was recovered from the Delaware River.
In Thursday's incident, responders initially mounted a rescue effort after a man was seen floating in the Cooper around 8 a.m., but soon switched to a recovery effort.
LEAD ISSUES: Rowan warns against drinking water
The body was removed from the stream near the running track at Cooper River Park, Pennsauken Police Capt. Michael Probasco said.
They said the man had no identification and police were working to determine theirs name.
The man did not appear to have been in the water for an extended period, Probasco said.
An autopsy was conducted Thursday afternoon, but the results were not immediately available.
Additional information about the incident, which drew responders from Pennsauken and Collingswood, was also not available.
Also Thursday, New Jersey State Police identified the victim of the previous day's incident as a Palmyra man.
The body of Bruce Horner, 37, was recovered from the Delaware River off Delanco shortly before 7 p.m. Wednesday. A search for Horner began around two hours earlier after a swimmer was reported missing from the river near the mouth of Rancocas Creek.
Horner's Facebook page contains dozens of photographs showing boating activities.
The recovery effort, which included personnel from the State Police and Delanco, was mounted from Hawk Island Marina off Rancocas Avenue.
Jim Walsh; (856) 486-2646; jwalsh@gannettnj.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.cpsj.com/2chK1Mo
BlackRock, the enormous American asset manager with over $4.6 trillion of assets under management, has waged its first significant activist campaign around the G-Resources Group, a Hong Kong company that owned a gold mine. It may be Hong Kong, and it may be only one campaign, but companies should be fearful.
That the words activism and BlackRock are mentioned together is deep with symbolism. BlackRock has historically shied away from openly challenging companies. Indeed, Laurence D. Fink, BlackRock's chairperson and chief executive, has become a thought leader in the pushback against what they term “short-term” activism. Only in February, Mr. Fink wrote to hundreds of chief executives to warn against what they termed short-term activism like share buybacks and dividends, calling on them instead to focus on “long-term value creation.”
Illustrative of BlackRock's reputation as the pro-company asset manager, one of its own shareholders is proposing a proxy resolution to force the asset manager to be more openly confrontational about the executive pay at the companies held in its funds' portfolios. The shareholder contends that BlackRock's proxy voting behavior is inconsistent with long-termism. From July 2014 to June 2015, BlackRock's funds voted yes in 99 percent of shareholder “say on pay” votes for companies in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, higher than the 90 percent average support for such votes at other fund companies.
So the battle over G-Resources is significant because it may be a sign of things to come.
G-Resources is a company listed in Hong Kong but organized under the laws of Bermuda. It was formed to develop the Martabe gold mine in Indonesia. The road has been bumpy for the company as the price of gold has fluctuated. But there was never any doubt that gold was its main business with perhaps a sideline in silver. Only two years ago, G-Resources raised $156 million to bolster its working capital and focus on developing the mine.
I stumbled upon this interesting write-up of the Beers of Martin Luther on a Lutheran website, Cyberbrethern. The post is based on notes from a talk given at a Men's Breakfast at Good Shepherd Lutheran Church, Fayetteville, New York in April of 1997. Keith Villa of Blue Moon Brewing is thanked for “describing how the beers of Martin Luther's era would have looked and tasted.”
The article discusses German beer in the middle ages, both homebrewed beer and brews made at Abbeys, and then speculates which beer of the time would have been Martin Luther's favorite. This proved easier than you might imagine.
Frederick Salem, in their Beer, Its History and Its Economic Value as a National Beverage (1880) notes, “Luther's fondness for beer is well known, and on the evening of that eventful day at Worms, April 18, 1521, the Duke Erich von Braunschweig sent them a pot of Eimbecker (Einbecker) beer, to which they were specially addicted.”
Michael Jackson also mentioned this connection in their New World Guide to Beer, saying “Luther received a gift of Einbeck beer on the occasion of their wedding.”
The article goes on to suggest that Luther preferred homebrew over beer from commercial breweries, finding the latter to be “a curse for Germany.” But in an apparent contradiction, Luther “drank at home.”
One biographer notes, “The German prophet became a patriarch, and the living room was dominated by their presence. They enjoyed their beer and had a great mug with three rings on it, one ‘the Ten Commandments', the next ‘the Creed' and third ‘the Lord's Prayer'. They boasted that they could encompass all three with ease.”
But they were also a champion for moderation, and in sermon they gave in 1539, preached the following:
“It is possible to tolerate a little elevation, when a man takes a drink or two too much after working hard and when they are feeling low. This must be called a frolic. But to sit day and night, pouring it in and pouring it out again, is piggish… all food is a matter of freedom, even a modest drink for one's pleasure. If you do not wish to conduct yourself this way, if you are going to go beyond this and be a born pig and guzzle beer and wine, then, if this cannot be stopped by the rulers, you must know that you cannot be saved. For God will not admit such piggish drinkers into the kingdom of heaven [cf. Gal. 5:19-21]… If you are tired and downhearted, take a drink; but this does not mean being a pig and doing nothing but gorging and swilling… You should be moderate and sober; this means that we should not be drunken, though we may be exhilarated.”
There is at least one Luther-Bier, a German-style pilsner brewed by Einsiedler Brauhaus. I'm not sure what that adds to the story, but I found in interesting all the same. As far as I can tell, it was a special release and there's even a separate website for Luther-Bier, but there's almost no additional information there. But you can see the special box it comes in an etched mug at a Wittenberg website.
And I found this great quote on another church's website:
“We old folks have to find our cushions and pillows in our tankards. Strong beer is the milk of the old.”
— Martin Luther
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The controversial case of a Chicago cop who shot and killed two people last December took another dramatic turn on Friday, when the officer sued one of the victim's families for more than $10 million in damages.
Officer Robert Rialmo, who fatally shot 19-year-old Quintonio LeGrier and 55-year-old Bettie Jones, has filed a counter claim in response to a wrongful death lawsuit brought by the teen's family against the city of Chicago. According to the court document filed in Cook County, Rialmo claims “permanent” emotional distress and personal injuries resulting from the incident.
It is the first time since the shooting that Rialmo has publicly offered their own version of events.
Rialmo came to the front door of a two-story apartment building in the early morning hours after Christmas, responding to a dispatch about a domestic disturbance involving a “son with a baseball bat.” According to Rialmo, Jones answered the door first, then retreated into their apartment, which shared a hallway with the unit where the teenager LeGrier was staying with their family. The police officer said they were standing in the building's doorway when LeGrier came “barging out of the front door to the second floor apartment while holding a baseball bat in their right hand.”
Rialmo claims LeGrier then swung the bat multiple times, the first time close enough “to feel the movement of air as the bat passed in front of their face.” LeGrier advanced as the officer backed down the outside stairs and shouted commands to drop the bat, Rialmo stated, adding that they feared LeGrier would hit them in the head. Rialmo then fired eight rounds “in approximately two-and-a-half seconds.”
The bullets fatally struck LeGrier, as well as Jones, who by this point had re-emerged from their unit and was standing behind the teenager, according to the court filing. Rialmo stated they only saw Jones after they walked back up the stairs to LeGrier's body. A witness previously told Mother Jones that they saw LeGrier laying on top of Jones's body in the hallway.
Rialmo claims that LeGrier's actions were criminal and caused the officer to “have a reasonable apprehension of suffering an imminent battery from LeGrier, which would either cause Officer Rialmo's death or cause them severe and permanent bodily harm.” These actions forced Rialmo “to end LeGrier's life, and to accidently take the innocent life of Bettie Jones,” which “caused, and will continue to cause, Officer Rialmo to suffer extreme emotional trauma.”
In the family's wrongful death suit, LeGrier's father stated that their son never posed a threat to Rialmo before the officer opened fire. Rialmo also failed to administer medical care as the teen lay bleeding on the ground, according to the family's complaint.
Rialmo's counter-claim is a rare move for an officer involved in a fatal shooting, according to the New York Times. In an email to the Times, a spokesperson for Mayor Rahm Emanuel said that “the city does not support the claim,” and is “not involved in any way.”
Here is the full text of Rialmo's claim:
NHL players were instrumental in making three-on-three overtime happen, and Mathieu Schneider of the NHL Players' Association says they're excited about the change that will go into effect next season.
NHL general managers agreed in March that they wanted to reduce the number of shootouts and were okay with either the AHL format of four-on-four for three minutes and then three-on-three for four minutes, or going to a full five minutes of three-on-three.
Players preferred all three-on-three, Schneider said, not only because it doesn't add more time to games but because they believe it will produce better hockey.
Story continues below advertisement
"What it really boiled down to was, players said, 'If we want to end games sooner going three-on-three, then having three-on-three for the longest period of time was the way to go about it,'" Schneider said in a sit-down interview last week in Las Vegas. "They think it's going to be exciting, wide-open hockey."
The AHL had incredible success cutting down on shootouts in its first season under the seven-minute overtime format split four-on-four and three-on-three. The key to it working in the NHL might be how three-on-three is coached.
"I hope three-on-three does what everyone think it's going to do," Schneider said. "I hope coaches don't start coaching it defensively because it could turn ugly quickly. My position always was: If Mike Babcock wants to get to the shootout, he's going to get to the shootout whether it's three-on-three or four-on-four."
Schneider is a supporter of the shootout and had to put their personal feelings aside when talking to players and attending the competition committee meeting in early June. Commissioner Gary Bettman at one point asked players which they'd prefer – the status quo of four-on-four overtime or three-on-three, and Schneider said a great majority wanted the latter.
The question of the AHL format or status quo was never brought up, Schneider said.
Players benefit if there are fewer shootouts because there will be more goals and assists to pile up. Skill players will benefit from extra ice to work with.
New York Islanders captain John Tavares posed the possibility of the Pittsburgh Penguins' Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin and Kris Letang lining up against the Chicago Blackhawks' Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Duncan Keith.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"What's not to like?" Tavares said last week at the NHL awards. "People might think it's kind of gimmicky, but I think people will see the best players in the world with open ice make plays, I think it will be fun to play in and special to watch."
After the GMs recommended it, three-on-three overtime needed approval from players and then the board of governors. Schneider said players are committed to this format but added that, like any new rule change, it's up for reconsideration.
That happened this past season when GMs ended the dry scrape before overtime in November because it was interrupting games too much.
The Tigers acquired shortstop Alex Gonzalez from the Orioles for infielder Steve Lombardozzi, tweets Dan Connolly of the Baltimore Sun.
Lombardozzi, 25, hit .259/.278/.338 in 307 plate appearances for the Nationals last year, appearing at second base, left field, and third base. They were traded to the Tigers in December along with Robbie Ray and Ian Krol for Doug Fister. Lombardozzi is a Maryland native whose father spent parts of six seasons in the Majors. The move gives the Orioles added infield depth in light of third baseman Manny Machado starting the season on the DL. The Orioles added Triple-A depth yesterday with their waiver claim of David Adams.
Gonzalez, 37, was in Orioles camp as a non-roster invitee. Gonzalez had signed a minor league deal with Baltimore in January, and put together a strong line in 30 spring plate appearances. Gonzalez provides another option for the Tigers for the injured Jose Iglesias, who will begin the season on the DL and will miss likely significant time with stress fractures in both shins. The Tigers acquired infielder Andrew Romine from the Angels two days ago.
The Tigers' return for Fister, already seen around the game as light, takes a further hit with Lombardozzi being swapped for an expendable player like Gonzalez.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Appearing live on the Big Ten Network, commissioner Jim Delany revealed how the conference's 12 schools will be aligned in two six-team divisions when Nebraska comes on board in 2011.
And, given the leaks prior to the announcement, it turned out to be somewhat anticlimactic.
As previously reported, the two divisions, which have yet to be named, will look as follows:
• Michigan, Nebraska, Iowa, Michigan State, Northwestern and Minnesota.
• Ohio State, Penn State, Wisconsin, Purdue, Indiana and Illinois.
In addition to the divisions, Delany also announced protected cross-over rivalry games that are guaranteed to be contested annually:
Illinois-Northwestern Indiana-Michigan StateOhio State-MichiganPenn State-NebraskaPurdue-IowaWisconsin-Minnesota
Delany confirmed that the Ohio State-Michigan game will be played the last weekend of the regular season for the 2011 and 2012 seasons. After that, the issue of scheduling involving the entire league will be revisited.
(For the complete 2011 and 2012 Big Ten schedule, click HERE.)
Between 2011 and 2014, the schedule will consist of eight conference games and be divvied up as follows: Each school will play the other five schools within its division and will also face three teams from the other division, including one cross-division matchup guaranteed on an annual basis.
The conference is expected to go to nine league games for the 2015 season, a fact reiterated by OSU athletic director Gene Smith on the Big Ten Network.
Finally, here's Delany's official statement released by the conference.
“Over the past several months, Big Ten staff members and directors of athletics have met on several occasions to discuss and finalize division alignments,” Delany said. “We focused on competitive equality, traditional rivalries and geography. We considered multiple models and countless permutations in an effort to achieve the most competitively balanced divisions while at the same time respecting our traditions, preserving existing rivalries, and creating opportunities for the establishment and growth of new rivalries. We have listened to the feedback from our institutions, alumni and fans, and while we understand that no final alignments could possibly satisfy all of our constituents, we believe that we have achieved a very exciting result.”
Theresa May will gift the Yes campaign a head start in any second independence referendum after signalling a move to let EU migrants keep the vote after Brexit.
In a key concession, the Prime Minister is understood to be ready to keep the existing Holyrood franchise in return for the same deal for British citizens on the continent.
Them move, widely flagged as they prepare to reboot talks with Brussels in a keynote speech in Florence next week, is expected to have "significant" repercussions in Scotland.
Last month international experts predicted that EU migrants could swing a second referendum behind independence - provided Scots remained narrowly split on the issue.
However, Mrs May will set aside such forecasts as they seek to find common ground with EU negotiators on citizens' rights and finance so the two sides can move on to meatier talks on trade, sources said.
The European Union - both its Commission and Parliament - have made it clear they want to see progress on a divorce settlement, including the rights of migrants and Britain's share of EU debts, before discussing a new post-Brexit relationship.
There is widespread speculation that Mrs May will use their Florence speech to pitch a 'transitional' deal first mooted by their chancellor, Philip Hammond, to keep paying in to the EU after formal Brexit in 2019.
A likely deal on voting rights was spelled out in unnoticed remarks in the House of Lords last week. Brexit Minister Baroness Anelay of St Johns, referring to talks so far this summer, said: "The EU does not plan to maintain the existing voting rights for UK nationals living in the EU.
"We have made it clear that we stand ready to protect the rights of EU nationals living in the UK to stand and vote in municipal elections."
This offer comes amid horse-trading over other rights, such healthcare and family re-union for millions of migrants, both EU citizens in the UK and 1.2m Britons who live on the continent.
Right now migrants have the right to vote in municipal elections and those for the devolved assemblies but not general elections, or last year's Brexit referendum.
They were able to take part in Scotland's 2014 vote. Foreign nationals eligible to vote, including EU ones, were slightly less likely to support independence in 2014 than the national average, with just under 43 per cent against and just over 57 per cent for.
Last month the Scottish Centre on European Relations (SCER) published an expert report suggesting that reversing those numbers would close the gap between the two sides, as of 2014, by two percentage points.
Some experts believe the migrant vote could swing behind Yes on the kind of scale usually only seen in rigged elections in dictatorships.
However, there is no polling to back this speculation up and there may well be migrant groups who either carry anti-separatist sentiments from their home countries - such as Spain or Romania - or who feel they have moved to Britain and want to remain in the UK.
SCER director and Brussels think tank veteran Kirsty Hughes, who commission last month's research, said keeping the current franchise may appear a minor concession amid complex negotiations.
But they added: "For Scottish politics it could prove highly significant."
There are around 180,000 EU citizens in Scotland, including children, just short of the number needed to overturn the 400,000 advantage for No recorded three years ago.
Polls would need to narrow for EU nationals to swing an independence referendum. The two most recent surveys put support for independence at 46 per cent, basically unchanged from the 45 per cent recorded at the actual vote in 2014. This includes a Survation poll for the Daily Mail put in to the field this week.
SNP sources are also delighted at the prospect of EU nationals keeping the vote in Holyrood elections, not least for some marginal constituencies, in Edinburgh, Moray or Perthshire with high migrant numbers.
Alyn Smith, the SNP MEP, said: "Our definition of Scottish is everyone who lives in Scotland, we proved that in the independence referendum, we celebrate the contribution New Scots have made to our society and economy.
"We want to see all EU nationals feel safe and welcome in Scotland, and having a vote is an important part of that. This welcome report shows that this is possible in whatever the future holds, I hope this disastrous UK government will give it proper attention."
During Saturday's Women's March in Washington, DC, Ashley Judd ranted, “I am not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol, like your wet dreams infused with your own genes.”
Judd said, “I am not as nasty as racism, fraud, conflict of interest, homophobia, sexual assault, transphobia, white supremacy, misogyny, ignorance, white privilege. I'm not as nasty as using little girls like Pokémon before their bodies have even developed. I am not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol, like your wet dreams infused with your own genes. But, yeah, I'm a nasty woman, a loud, vulgar proud woman. I'm not nasty, like the combo of Trump and Pence being served up to me in my voting booth. I'm nasty like the battles my grandmothers fought to get me into that voting booth. I'm nasty, like the fight for wage equality. Scarlett Johansson, why were the female actors paid less than half of what the male actors earned last year? See, even when we do go into higher paying jobs, our wages are still cut with blades sharpened by testosterone.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A cyclist has been rushed to hospital after a collision with a car in south London.
Emergency services arrived at 3.40pm to reports of an injured man on Streatham High Road.
The driver stayed at the scene and no arrests have beeen made, according to a Met police spokesperson.
The cyclist's injuries are not thought to be life-threatening, while another person was also treated at the scene and taken to hospital.
Streatham High Road has been cordoned off from Pinfold Road while the incident is being dealt with, with severe delays expected.
A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 15:38pm, 28 September to reports of a road traffic collision at Streatham High Road.
"We sent two ambulance crews, a single responder in car, an incident response officer and London Air's Ambulance to the scene.
"We treated two patients at the scene and took them both as a priority to a hospital in south London.”
A Met Police spokesperosn said: "Officers in Lambeth came across the cyclist at 3.40. There had been a collision between a cyclist and a car. The cyclist has gone to hospital but their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening."
"The driver stayed at the scene and there have been no arrests."
"The Walking Dead" honcho Frank Darabont is doing some walking themselves — away from their position as showrunner on the series, an individual with knowledge of the move confirmed to TheWrap.
The AMC zombie drama had recently begun production on its second season.
It's uncertain why Darabont — whose other credits include screenwriter and director for 1994's "The Shawshank Redemption," and writer and producer of 1999's "The Green Mile" — vacated the showrunner role.
It's also unclear as to whether they will stay on as executive producer for the series, which they created.
Darabont's decision to step down as showrunner comes as a surprise, as they had just appeared at the Comic-Con panel for the series on Friday, with fellow executive producer Robert Kirkman and series stars Andrew Lincoln, John Bernthal and Sarah Wayne Callies.
It's also not yet clear who will replace Darabont as showrunner.
The series has been a reliable performer for AMC, with its season one finale scoring record ratings for the cable outlet — 6 million total viewers watched, and 4 million of them were in the adults 18-49 demographic.
News of Darabont's decision was first reported by Deadline.com. Related Articles: 'Walking Dead' Gets Season 2 Premiere Date, 5-Minute Trailer (Video) 'The Walking Dead': Watch the First Season Two Trailer (Video)
Elijah Moody, a 5-foot-11, 180-pound cornerback from Long Beach (Calif.) Poly High, is the latest verbal commitment to the Nevada football team, according to Scout.com.
The recruit-tracking website reported that Moody gave a verbal commitment Sunday. First-year coach Brian Polian told the crowd at their Monday luncheon that they got a commitment from a strong defensive player on Sunday. They cannot comment specifically on recruitable athletes, per NCAA rules.
Moody is a two-star recruit, according to all three major recruiting websites (Scout.com, Rivals.com and ESPN.com), and they have offers from such schools as Wyoming, Colorado State and Hawaii.
Poly is 7-1 this season and hasn't allowed a point in its last four games.
An email left with the Long Beach Poly coaching staff was not immediately returned.
Polian said they expect to sign a a recruiting class of 22 to 25 players when the signing period begins on Feb. 5. Verbal commitments are not binding.
Moody is the first defensive back identified by the RGJ in Polian's 2014 class. Here is the latest list of verbal commitments:
2014 Verbals
Brandon Scott, TE, 6-4, 205, Yucaipa (Calif.)
Hunter Fralick, QB, 6-1, 195, Spanish Springs
Clifford Porter, OL/DL, 6-5, 235, Hug
Jacob Lacaden, LB, 6-0, 190, St. Louis High (Honolulu)
Ahki Muhammad, WR, 5-9, 175, James Logan High (Union City, Calif.)
Kevin Nutt, RB, 5-11, 175, Edison High (Fresno, Calif)
Blake Wright, RB, 5-10, 190, Edison High (Fresno, Calif.)
Drew Celis, WR, 6-0, 180, Marin (Calif.) Catholic
Kalei Meyer, DT, 6-2, 265, Kamehameha (Honolulu)
Matt Moen, TE, 6-3, 227, Steele High (Cibolo, Texas)
Wyatt Demps, WR, 6-2, 185, Pleasant Grove High (Elk Grove, Calif.)
Victor Gonzalez, WR, 6-1, 160, Norte Vista High (Riverside, Calif.)
Looters Caught Among Quake Aftermath (Photo : Getty Images)
Grounds of countries to deport non-citizens may vary, from finding child porn images on their phone to evidence of planning to stay in the country as illegal alien. Involvement in a crime is another.
Times of India reported on Thursday that two Indian men were deported from China after a Taiwanese girl complained of molestation. The incident happened on July 7 at the five-star Beijing International Hotel.
Advertisement
The two Indians, aged 28 and 50, tried to get friendly with the 17-year-old Taiwanese when they entered the elevator at 10th floor by asking them to have a selfie with them inside the hotel elevator. The two tried to kiss her, so the teen attempted to leave the elevator when it reached first floor, but the two dragged them back to the elevator, pressed 10th floor and the older man assaulted the teen who was in Beijing to visit their sister at Peking University.
When the elevator returned to the first floor, the teen managed to escape and report the incident to the hotel which led to Jianguomen Police picking them up on Friday morning and holding them in a detention camp in the outskirts of Beijing for eight days. They initially denied the accusation but footage from the CCTV inside the elevator was sufficient proof of what they did, which finally led to their admission of the charge and their deportation on Thursday.
The two culprits are employees of a tea company in Kolkata and are married men. One has two children and the other has one grandchild. They belong to a group of tea traders travelling through Shanghai and Beijing, according to Hindustan Times.
Missed our Kickstarter Campaign? No problem! You can order Weerol at Weefab.com
We are thrilled by the phenomenal support for this project, and are deeply indebted to all that opened their wallets to help us pursue our dream. We can only hope that Weerol will enrich your families lives in just a fraction of the way your support has changed ours.
We would also like to thank our extended family and friends for all the support they have given us through the very earliest stages of this project. Without your encouragement and confidence, this could never have happened.
We would also like to thank the following people and organizations that were integral to helping this happens:
Jenny Petter for their logo and graphics work. See their portfolio here
David Rollins and Lynnmott Creative for branding consultation.
Heather Rollins and HLR designs for print consultation (and they do really amazing wedding invites too!)
Chris Davis Design for Industrial Design and strategy consultation
C2W manufacturing management solutions for their invaluable help in supply chain management.
Welcome to the (archived September 2012) kickstarter launch of the Weerol many-use toy.
Press:
Trendhunter Gizmodiva Apartment Therapy Sundance Channel Inhabitots Technabob Red Ferret Daddytypes Santa Cruz Sentinel In the know mom Inewidea Wishingpenny Magmire
International : UK: Burp BoutiqueGermany: Ausgefallene-ideen Hungary: Mamamiaz Poland: Technow Japan: J-Tokkyo Join Earth Austria: Freshdads France: Dad is Geek E-Glue Portugal: Cool*Ruja
Build up to 7 modern toys with Weerol
Weerol is a modern, re-configurable, customizable, natural, active toy platform designed to grow with your child as they develop.
Weerol was designed and prototyped in a secret garage somewhere in the Santa Cruz Mountains
We began designing the Weerol a year ago when we became frustrated by the available choices of natural active toys that could adapt to our 2 young girls' development and style of play.
Parents, ever wish your house wasn't cluttered with an assortment of poorly built plastic toys that only had a short window of age-appropriate usefulness?
What if that walker/stroller you bought for your 1-year-old had another life as a riding toy when they turned 2 or 3? and a wheelbarrow at 3 or 4?
What if a toy had a classically modern design that complimented your carefully selected interior furnishings, and could be kept out on display when you had guests?
What if you could reconfigure the toy quickly and securely with a minimum of tools and loose parts?
All these considerations were in mind when we designed Weerol.
From their first steps, to the development of motor skills, to active rollplay, Weerol adapts and grows with your child.
Weerol features modern heirloom design and furniture-grade bentply construction inspired by the timeless work of Charles Eames.
Weerol is safe and responsible
Weerol is constructed from renewable birch laminate, BPA free thermoplastic rubber treads, Water based finishes and ultra-low formaldehyde adhesives complying with California's strict CARB standard.
Weerol adapts quickly and safely
We've designed the Weerol to change between configurations as quickly as possible while remaining safe and sturdy.
the axle is assembled and reconfigured using a single included allen key. Hold the axle in place with the allen key and rotate the opposite wheel to loosen.
The chassis is assembled using our unique ballscrew system. Metal Anchors set in the handle and connector are secured with hand-tightened, molded ABS plastic handle screws that allow quick configuration changes with a minimum of loose parts. The ballscrews pass CE and ANSI choking hazard tests, and are BPA free.
A single Weerol kit builds 3 modern toys available in a choice of 3 designer prints.
due to popular demand, we are adding the option of NO print.
Weerol plays well with others
Weeconnecting to a second Weerol kit is simple and fun! Our ballscrew fasteners double as a hitch to allow a train configuration when the connector is rotated down.
You can also stack 2 kits to make a shopping cart suitable for ages up to 6. These can be fastened together securely using ballscrews if desired.
Altogether, 2 kits build 5 configurations.
Watch Weerol Weeconfigure
WeeAccessorize
We are also introducing our first accessory for Weerol, Rok'nrol
Attaching in 2 configurations using our ballscrew attachment system, Rok'nrol adds the functionality of a rocking toy and a gliding caster toy for free-wheeling spirits. Casters are made from non-toxic, non-marring and quiet PU rubber.
Because of the nature of product development, we can not guarantee shipment before the holidays. Our first priority is safety and quality which will not be compromised. We will keep all kickstarter backers updated regularly on our estimated production and shipping schedule and will do our very best to ensure a timely shipment.
What else can WeeDo?
Weerol is an open source toy platform. Help us design the next Weerol attachment.
Go to Weefab.com to download sketching templates or a Sketchup 3D model. Submit your design to us, and if we make it, we promise to send you one free! Or make it yourself, we won't mind!
LONDON—Responding to multiple allegations of sexual misconduct, actor Kevin Spacey announced Thursday that they will immediately be seeking treatment for homosexuality. “In light of my prior actions, I am committed to getting the help I need to make sure that I'll never be gay again,” said Spacey, adding that they were taking a leave of absence from all current projects to rehabilitate at a gay conversion therapy facility in Texas. “I have a lot of work to do, but I understand now that being gay is wrong, and I want to get better. I've come to terms with the fact that my past behavior hurt many people and that it's never, ever okay to be attracted to men. I'm sorry.” Spacey went on to say that they hoped to resume their career once they had put their homosexuality behind them but understood if people chose not to forgive him.
Advertisement
When did skeletons clawing at your windows and a fake graveyard on your front lawn become an acceptable Halloween decoration? My neighborhood is full of them. Me? I go for the cute pumpkin lights, some lovingly carved pumpkins and some brightly colored wreaths. I'm not into the macabre aspect of the season. (Honestly, the world is scary enough these days).
So these picks for the 10 Halloween TV shows and specials you can't miss tend to be on the kinder, gentler side of the holiday.
1. It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown
Network: ABC
Premieres: October 19 at 8 p.m. (re-airing on
This 1966 special is an annual tradition. Linus awaits the Great Pumpkin while Charlie Brown makes a mess of their costume and gets nothing but rocks in their trick or treat bag. The full version of the special will air again on October 29. If a more modern Halloween special is your style, check out Toy Story of Terror at 8:30 p.m. Tom Hanks and Tim Allen are back as Woody and Buzz in this 2013 Halloween episode that finds the intrepid duo taking a road trip. Joan Cusack, Carl Weathers, Timothy Dalton, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn and Kristen Schaal all lend their voices.
2. 13 Nights of Halloween
Network: Freeform
Premieres: October 19-31
The network behind the two-season pick-up of The Bold Type (yes that is how I'm going to refer to them from now on) brings you 13 nights of fun Halloween programming, including a Tim Burton marathon on October 23 (Edward Scissorhands, Dark Shadows, Sleepy Hollow and The Nightmare Before Christmas). Other movies include the Harry Potter franchise, The Addams Family, Monsters Inc. and a continuous airing of Hocus Pocus on October 31.
3. Treehouse of Horror XXVIII
Network: Fox
Premieres October 22 at 8:30 p.m.
The Simpsons return for their 28th annual Halloween episode. The Springfield clan spoofs The Exorcist in a segment that features the voice of Ben Daniels, who stars in the Fox series The Exorcist, and William Friedkin, who directed the 1973 classic. Other segments find Lisa discovering a perfect version of their family and Homer becoming a cannibal. Keep an ear out for Chef Mario Batali playing himself.
4. The Middle
Network: ABC
Premieres: October 24 at 8 p.m.
The Middle is in the midst of its farewell season, which means its seventh Halloween-themed episode is the first of many lasts. Frankie (Patricia Heaton) and Brick (Atticus Shaffer) discover a woman died in their bathroom more than 50 years ago. All the ABC comedies are celebrating Halloween this October, including Fresh Off the Boat (October 24), The Mayor (October 24), Black-ish (October 24), The Goldbergs (October 25), Speechless(October 25) , Modern Family (October 25) and American Housewife (October 25).
5. Superstore
Network: NBC
Premieres: October 26 at 8 p.m.
Amy (America Ferrera) dresses like Selena and the gang discovers a body buried in the store's walls in this Halloween-themed episode of the under-appreciated comedy. Great News (8:30 p.m.) also gets into the spirit of the season when Katie (Briga Heelan) attends a Halloween party hoping to impress their old friend Jessica (guest star Cecily Strong).
6. Michael Jackson's Halloween
Network: CBS
Premieres: October 27 at 8 p.m.
“Thriller” combined the great music of Michael Jackson with the voice of Vincent Price and amazing choreography to create an incredible music video. Since its debut in 1983, “Thriller” has become a Halloween mainstay. Now, eight years after Jackson's death, comes an animated Halloween special inspired by their music and featuring the voices of Christine Baranski, Kiersey Clemons, Alan Cumming, George Eads, Brad Garrett, Lucy Liu, Jim Parsons and Lucas Til. The finale of the one-hour special features an animated Michael Jackson and a big musical number.
7. The David S. Pumpkins Halloween Special
Network: NBC
Premieres: October 28 at 11:30 p.m.
Remember October 22, 2016? It was a much more innocent, carefree time. Tom Hanks hosted Saturday Night Live for the ninth time and performed in a skit about a not-so-scary man in a pumpkin suit who hung out in an elevator with two dancing skeletons. The skit became a viral hit and now, a year later, comes the animated special featuring the voices of Hanks, Peter Dinklage and original sketch writers Mikey Day and Bobby Moynihan.
8. Edgar Allan Poe: Buried Alive
Network: PBS
Premieres: October 30 at 9 p.m.
Edgar Allan Poe wrote some of literature's most unsettling and frightening works, including The Raven and The Tell-Tale Heart. Denis O'Hare (This is Us) stars as the famed author in this American Masters documentary, which features narration by Kathleen Turner and readings by Chris Sarandon and Ben Schnetzer. Filmmaker Eric Stange looks at key moments in Poe's life to explore how their life influenced their work and how their words still resonate today.
9. Supermansion: Drag Me to Halloween
Network: Crackle
Premieres: Currently streaming
Bryan Cranston, Keegan-Michael Key, Lake Bell and Phil LaMarr lend their voices to this stop-motion animated special. Halloween is Titanium Rex's (Cranston) the least favorite night of the year, as he's not a fan of things that go bump in the night. How can the head of the League of Freedom be so afraid? Think ghosts, demonic spirits and even an evil dentist. (Really, is there any other kind?)
10. Stranger Things
Network: Netflix
Premieres:October 27
There really isn't a better programming idea than dropping the second season of this nostalgic ‘80s TV series just days before Halloween. If trick-or-treating isn't something you can still do without getting very strange looks, bingeing the new season may be just the thing for Halloween night. The follow-up season is set in 1984 around Halloween and features Paul Reiser and Sean Astin, who both join the cast.
Amy Amatangelo, the TV Gal®, is a Boston-based freelance writer, a member of the Television Critics Association and the Assistant TV Editor for Paste. They aren't allowed to watch much TV as a child and now their parents have to live with this as their career. You can follow them on Twitter (@AmyTVGal) or their blog .
Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor who published explosive details about U.S. intelligence activities, has lived in exile in Moscow since 2013. Now, they could be sent home to face espionage charges.
According to NBC News, U.S. intelligence sources have obtained information that says Russia may extradite Snowden as a “gift” to win favor with new President Donald Trump. The President has in the past described Snowden as a “traitor” who should be executed.
Snowden's lawyer says they have no knowledge of such a plan to send their client to the U.S.
The NBC report cites two sources in the U.S. intelligence community who suggest the Snowden proposal is recent, and that it's one of several options Russia is considering:
A senior U.S. official who has analyzed a series of highly sensitive intelligence reports detailing Russian deliberations and who says a Snowden handover is one of various ploys to “curry favor” with Trump. A second source in the intelligence community confirms the intelligence about the Russian conversations and notes it has been gathered since the inauguration.
If the report is accurate, and if Snowden is extradited, the event would be a media sensation. Snowden is viewed as a traitor by many in the intelligence community, but others see them as a whistle-blower who exposed an over-reaching surveillance program that collected Americans' phone and internet records.
Last year, supporters launched a public relations campaign, bolstered by a sympathetic Oliver Stone movie, to obtain a pardon for Snowden. The campaign failed to persuade President Obama, and has almost no hope under President Trump.
If Russia does extradite Snowden, the charges they faces are serious. After Snowden revealed the surveillance programs in 2013, the Justice Department promptly charged them with theft, and with two accounts under the 1917 Espionage Act. A legal report says those charges could bring thirty years in prison—but they do not carry the death penalty. This would not, however, preclude the U.S. from filing additional charges, including treason, and claiming Snowden's activities amount to a capital offense.
In response to the report, Snowden took to Twitter to argue the reported extradition plan vindicates their claim that they are not a spy for Russia because “no country trades away spies.”
Finally: irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel. No country trades away spies, as the rest would fear they're next. https://t.co/YONqZ1gYqm — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) February 10, 2017
Snowden also tweeted a recent interview with Katie Couric in which they cited their criticism of Russia's human rights record, and suggested the Russian government sees them as a “liability.”
This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017
Hello, and welcome to the latest edition of Coaster Addict, a blog series where I share screenshots of my latest Planet Coaster ride and rant a bit about the story I'm trying to tell. As it is close to Halloween, and Frontier recently released the Spooky Pack, it seemed only right to try my hand at creating a haunted house ride using the new Huntsman track ride.
So, beginning at the beginning! Riders board their vehicles in a long entry room with two crackling fireplaces, a pair of lounging skeletons, and some suspect books that just won't stay on their shelves.
Next, they are taken to the entryway, where we have a creepy rocking chair, floating candles, and some curtains that mysteeerioouuusly blow without wind. Really trying to hit all of the haunted house tropes here.
The cars curve around a winding staircase and find themselves face-to-face with the haunted library, filled with skeletons trying to manage a peevish poltergeist that just doesn't like order.
Of course at the end of the library we have the knight's tomb, because that's what rich mansion owners do with their extra space right? Keep open caskets of long dead nights? It's good feng shui.
Of course, no rich mansion is complete without a dungeon, complete with tortured skeletons and “captured spiders”
I say “captured” because the next scene I am working on is the spider room, where the mansion owner's pets have escaped. Following that will be my next project, the graveyard. I imagine I'll finish that up this weekend and have a full ride-through video to post next week. For now, here are two shots of the mansion exterior during the day and at night. I really enjoy the purple lighting and the gargoyles.
That's all for now! If you liked what you read/saw, poke around the website a bit, leave some comments, and subscribe! Thanks for reading, and see you next time.
–Ashton
As announced last month, we're getting ready for the first-ever country-based Heroes of the Storm tournament for amateur players—the Nexus Games Europe.
After reviewing the best brawlers from 16 nations, we're happy to reveal the groups and final rosters for each of the participating teams.
Team Rosters & Groups
Group A Group B Group C Group D France Germany Poland Sweden Finland Denmark Spain Russia Italy Hungary Netherlands Ukraine United Kingdom Belgium Czech Republic Portugal
Below you can find a full list of the teams and the participating players from each country. Please note that Team Romania was unable to participate and has been replaced by Team Portugal in Group D.
To see the participating teams, click here. [ - ]
Format
The tournament will begin with a standard round-robin Group Phase. The top two teams from each group will then qualify for the Playoffs—a single-elimination bracket featuring best-of-five-game matches.
As voted upon by our community over the past month, the map pool for the Nexus Games Europe will be as follows for all rounds:
Blackheart's Bay Infernal Shrines Braxis Holdout Tomb of the Spider Queen Cursed Hollow Towers of Doom Dragon Shire Warhead Junction Haunted Mines
Schedule
Group Stage
Tuesday, November 14 — 18:00 CET
Wednesday, November 15 — 18:00 CET
Thursday, November 16 — 18:00 CET
Friday, November 17 — 18:00 CET
Saturday, November 18 — 17:00 CET
Sunday, November 19 — 17:00 CET
For a full listing of the specific match-ups and play times head on over to the Nexus Games Europe Group Stage Schedule.
Playoffs
Saturday, November 25 — 13:00 CET
Sunday, November 26 — 13:00 CET
Rewards
$300 USD for each member of a participating team
An additional $300 USD for each member of a national team that qualifies for the Playoffs
An additional $1000 USD for each member of the national team that wins the tournament
The Talent
Stream Details
The competition will kick off on Tuesday, November 14 at 18:00 CET with the first matches from Group A and Group B.
Make sure to tune in on our official Twitch channel or one of the language streams listed above!
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Iranian Kurds launched a social media campaign on Friday calling for Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) to be declared a terrorist organization.“It is time for international community to realise that IRGC is a terrorist organization,” Aso Saleh, representative of the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan (PDKI) to Sweden and the Congress of Nationalities for Federal Iran (CNFI), shared on Twitter, using the hashtag #IRGC_terrorist
The Kurds have been a longtime target of the IRGC, Saleh told Rudaw English, saying that the force began killing people in Kurdistan not long after it was established.
“I think all Kurds think that the IRGC forces are acting against humanism by killing civilian people and supporting other terrorist organisations in [the] whole the world,” Saleh said, claiming that the IRGC has had direct and indirect roles in hundreds of terrorist attacks against Iranian opposition groups and other countries.
“We think that [it] is a correct decision to designate IRGC as a terror organization and by this campaign we want to support that. Stopping all kinds of terrorism, from ISIS to IRGC is a responsibility to all of us in this era.”
Saleh is hopeful that, if the IRGC is designated a terrorist organization, it will make the Kurdish struggle in Iran more acceptable among the international community.
“But fighting against [the] Iranian regime and IRGC for us is like fighting ISIS. Both are terrorist organizations and both act against freedom and human rights.”
According to Saleh, this is the first campaign that has seen cooperation from across Kurdish parties, as well as Arab and Iranian activists.  They are hopeful that the groups can continue to campaign together in the future.
Tweets in support of the campaign highlighted alleged acts of terrorism committed by the IRGC, including the assassinations of PDKI leaders.
Make the Middle East great again by listing #IRGC as a terrorist Organization. #IRGC_Terrorist. pic.twitter.com/7UmB9oDtD6 — Dyako Abdy (@dyakoabdy) February 10, 2017
The campaign is capitalizing on US President Donald Trump's hardline stance against Iran. On February 7, Trump took to their favoured platform Twitter to declare Iran “#1 in terror” and criticize former US President Barack Obama for their landmark nuclear deal with Iran.The PDKI's representative to Germany and Austria, Hiwa Bahrami, reminded the US president of their own words.Trump has repeatedly denounced the deal with Iran, calling it the “worst deal ever negotiated.”The US imposed new sanctions against Iran last week after Tehran test-fired a ballistic missile in late January. Trump initially reacted on Twitter, telling Iran they were “playing with fire,” and warned they would not be as kind as Obama was.On Thursday, CNN reported that Trump's administration was considering designating the IRGC a terror organization, along with the Muslim Brotherhood.Sources familiar with the White House's consideration of the move told CNN that executive orders asking the State Department to study the groups were put on hold after national security agencies expressed concern about the potential consequences.The primary concern US security officials reportedly had with designating the IRGC a terror organization was fallout in Iraq, where Iran is a key ally of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the war against ISIS.Iran is already designated a “state sponsor of terror” by the US, and its government and agencies, including the IRGC, are subject to sanctions.The Twitter campaign was launched as Tehran was celebrating the 38th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution.“In the United States, there are some who are newly in power. Those who threaten our government and our armed forces has to know that our people are united, vigilant and will resist the enemy until the end,” said President Hassan Rouhani, addressing a rally in Tehran on Friday.
Ben Margot/Associated Press
If you thought fans on Twitter were upset about Colin Kaepernick, you should talk to some people around the NFL.
1. 'I Can't Stand Him'
Across NFL front offices, there are team officials who are not offended, and even embrace, the controversial position of Colin Kaepernick. They are out there. Statistically, they have to be. But they are keeping a low profile.
They seem to be far outnumbered by the members of NFL front offices who despise him. Truly, truly hate him.
"I don't want them anywhere near my team," one front office executive said. "He's a traitor."
A traitor?
They aren't alone in the anger directed toward Kaepernick. In interviews with seven team executives, each said they didn't want Kaepernick on their team. This is far from scientific, but I believe this is likely the feeling among many front office executives. Not all. But many.
All seven estimated 90 to 95 percent of NFL front offices felt the same way they did. One executive said they haven't seen this much collective dislike among front office members regarding a player since Rae Carruth. Remember Rae Carruth? He's still in prison for the plot to murder their pregnant girlfriend.
Personally, I think the dislike of Kaepernick is inappropriate and un-American. I find it ironic that citizens who live in a country whose existence is based on dissent criticize someone who expresses dissent.
But in NFL front offices, the feeling is very different.
"He has no respect for our country," one team executive said. "F--k that guy."
Another said that if an owner asked them to sign Kaepernick, they would consider resigning, rather than do it.
There could be some executives who have no issue with Kaepernick, but I doubt there are many. Each executive said they believe Kaepernick will likely get released by the 49ers—and never play in the NFL again.
That is one of the main themes here. Like these executives, I feel we won't ever see Kaepernick play for another NFL team. There is precedent for this. Chris Kluwe, a former Vikings punter, said on CNN this week they believe they were banned from the NFL for expressing their views on gay rights.
When challenged that Kaepernick didn't break a law, or an NFL rule, and that it's their right to sit during the anthem, the response, consistently, was that it's also a team's right to not sign him. And to also dislike him.
Why? It seems the executives feel this way because they believe Kaepernick to be un-American. They also don't believe they appreciate what they have. Many of them pointed to Kaepernick's salary and said they would never make that kind of money if not for football.
"In my career, I have never seen a guy so hated by front office guys as Kaepernick," one general manager said.
This is a league that has signed domestic abusers, accused murderers, players who killed another person while driving drunk and dudes who park in handicap spaces. But Kaepernick is the most hated person he's ever seen? A nonviolent protest? Really?
Yes, apparently, really.
2. Kaepernick's Days in S.F. May Be Numbered
Friends to Foes, Ex-UGA Teammates Meet in Super Bowl Cooks Gave a Super Gift to This Rams Employee Mahomes Loves Ketchup as Much as Torching Defenses Bears Hoping to Ride Club Dub to the Super Bowl The Worst Fantasy Football Punishments for Last Place NFL Players Bring Soccer Traditions to the NFL JuJu Is a Man of the People Bills Superfan 'Pancho Billa' Continues to Inspire Happy 26th Birthday to OBJ 🎉 Mahomes Is 'Showtime' Off the Field Too Thielen's Ride from Underdog to Record-Breaking WR Shanahan and Their Son Carter Are Hyped for Carter V Browns Winning Off the Field with Community Service Conner's Journey from Beating Cancer to Starting RB Does Donovan McNabb Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? B/R Fantasy Expert Matt Camp Gives Their Picks for Keep or Release After Week 2 Does Hines Ward Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? Shaquem Griffin Starting for Seahawks in Week 1 Luck Recommends Their Favorite Reads in Virtual Book Club The Best Moments from NFL Training Camps Right Arrow Icon
One last thing on Kaepernick from these team officials: They think it's only a matter of time before the 49ers release them because of external pressure. Not because Kaepernick isn't close to the player they are, but because, to the 49ers, he's become radioactive.
Their belief is that the team will wait a bit, maybe a week, for the controversy to quiet (a bit—it's only going to quiet so much in a week) and then release him.
I've heard from people close to Kaepernick that they fully expected to be released by the 49ers once everyone became aware of their actions, and they also knew their football career would be in jeopardy. I've also been told Kaepernick would then dedicate their life to one of social activism.
3. All Quiet Across NFL Locker Rooms
This is anecdotal, but several players tell B/R NFL locker rooms are handling this issue differently. Some players are having calm, rational discussions about it. Others, I'm told, are mostly avoiding the topic entirely, so there are no fights, or arguments, really. And no arguments that could lead to literal fights.
4. Is It Time for Romo to Quit?
Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images
Got an interesting view of Tony Romo, who Jon Machota of the Dallas Morning News reported will be out 6-10 weeks with another back injury, from one starting defensive player in the AFC: "The guy is obviously a warrior and a fighter. I really respect him. But I'm worried he's going to be one of these guys chronically injured for the rest of their life. I seriously think they should consider retiring. I hate saying that, but from afar, I really worry about what football is doing to their body."
5. Steve Spurrier Reflects, At Last, on their Days in D.C.
SHAWN THEW/Getty Images
One of the most fascinating chapters in recent NFL history was when Steve Spurrier left college football to coach Washington. At the time, it was considered a groundbreaking moment in the franchise's history, because Spurrier was seen then as a genius coach. They were supposed to turn the franchise around.
Instead, it was a disaster. Spurrier went 12-20 over the course of the 2002-03 seasons. They haven't spoken much about those days since, and owner Dan Snyder barely has. But recently, Spurrier revealed to the New York Times they didn't know when they took the job that Snyder was going to be the team's general manager. And it sounds like if Spurrier had known, they wouldn't have taken the Washington job.
"I think [Snyder's] doing it the right way now," Spurrier told the Times. "When I was coaching, they were the general manager and the personnel director. I thought they were going to hire someone else as general manager."
Spurrier thought it was going to be Bobby Beathard, the legendary general manager who oversaw the franchise's front office between 1978-88, a period that saw the team reach three Super Bowls.
"I thought they were going to be my general manager," Spurrier said. "That didn't work out. After two years, I learned the NFL was not for me. I'm more a college-style of coach. It maybe helped me learn that."
6. Washington's Woes Easy to Pinpoint
If you want to know one of the biggest reasons Washington spent so many years struggling to win, this note from Daniel Shiferaw, a writer and digital producer for CSNMidAtlantic.com, explains a great deal.
That's fairly putrid. You need not look much further for why Washington often has struggled to make the playoffs. Not, as Snyder always believed, the coaches.
Better drafts have yielded better results of late. That's usually how it works.
7. Meanwhile, in Dallas...
Interesting fact from former Cowboys quarterback and current analyst Babe Laufenberg about Dallas' latest quarterback issues:
8. Peyton Manning's Got Jokes
Just going to leave this one right here. Tom Brady won't be mad. They have a good sense of humor:
I can't say the same for some of Brady's teammates.
9. Tom Brady Has a Lot of Rules to Follow
While on suspension, there are things Tom Brady isn't allowed to do, as Mark Daniels of the Providence Journal detailed. The list is spectacular.
Brady cannot do any of the following:
• Attend or watch practice.
• Appear at the team facility for any reason.
• Have contact with any team personnel. No exchange of playbooks or the like.
• Have football-related discussions with teammates, even if away from facility.
• Go to stadium as a spectator.
• Travel with team on road games.
• Attend press conferences.
In other words, there is nothing Brady can do with their team while on suspension, except ask about the weather.
10. Rodney Harrison Said Something Really, Really, Really, Stupid
Scott Halleran/Getty Images
One last thing on Kaepernick. Promise.
NBC analyst and former 15-year NFL veteran Rodney Harrison expressed one of the most insulting, idiotic and inaccurate things anyone has said during this entire Kaepernick drama...and that's saying something.
Harrison said Kaepernick isn't really black.
"I tell you this: I'm a black man," Harrison told SportsTalk 790 in Houston. "And Colin Kaepernick—he's not black. They cannot understand what I face and what other young black men and black people face, or people of color face, on a every single [day] basis. When you walk in a grocery store—and you might have $2,000 or $3,000 in your pocket—and you go up in to a Foot Locker and they're looking at you like you about to steal something. You know, I don't think they face those type of things that we face on a daily basis."
Not sure where to begin with this. I'll focus on one aspect.
I'm not certain when Harrison became the arbiter of what is or isn't black. Not sure how I missed that vote.
Kaepernick is biracial and was raised by white adoptive parents. They had a loving, kind family that taught them both how to be a good human being and to be aware of their culture. Harrison doesn't get to define who Kaepernick is, or how black they are, which is an insulting concept to begin with.
Harrison later apologized. That was smart.
Mike Freeman covers the NFL for Bleacher Report. Follow them on Twitter @mikefreemanNFL.
by Stephen Lendman
Like all US major media scoundrels, longstanding New York Times policy features one-sided pro-Israeli reports, commentaries, and opinions.
Its coverage of Israel's latest Gaza aggression is one of many examples. More on that below.
On June 1, 2010, in response to Israeli commandos massacring Freedom Flotilla humanitarian aid activists the previous day, a Times editorial headlined, "Israel and the Blockade," saying:
"The supporters of the Gaza-bound aid flotilla had more than humanitarian intentions (in mind). The Gaza Freedom March made its motives clear in a statement before Monday's deadly confrontation: A violent response from Israel will breathe new life into the Palestine solidarity movement, drawing attention to the blockade."
In other words, the editorial outrageously suggested activists wanted violence, provoked it, and welcomed it when it came. In fact, they wished only to deliver vital humanitarian aid peacefully. Knowing Israel's likely response, they risked their lives heroically doing it. The Times portrayed them as agitators.
In 2010, a Jonas Xavier Caballero University of Pittsburgh honors thesis titled, "The Impact of Media Bias on Coverage of Catastrophic Events: Case Study from the New York Times' Coverage of the Palestine/Israel Conflict," focused on Times reporting on Israel's Cast Lead Gaza war.
Three weeks of premeditated incursions and terror bombings caused mass deaths and vast destruction. Not according to the Times, however.
Its coverage "manifest(ed) media bias toward Israel...." Caballero "examined (it) within a context of media manipulation, misrepresentation, framing, slant, and linguistic determinism."
Extreme "distorti(ion of) the facts....present(ed) a picture that portrays Israel" as victim, not aggressor. Caballero examined 91 Times articles and editorials from December 27, 2008 (when conflict began) to January 18, 2009, plus another week for corrections and more coverage.
They concluded that Times pro-Israeli reports increased throughout the conflict. It was "deplorable," they said, adding:
Its "practice of distorting its coverage to present Israel in a favorable light represents an abuse of freedom of the press in the United States."
"The Times' history of media bias, agenda setting, and group (mis)representation seeks to support the Israeli narrative by omitting facts on the ground while demonizing the Palestinians."
"The marker of terrorism, which is habitually attached to Palestinians in news coverage, to the 'exclusion of its Israeli counterpart,' shows how 'normal/deviant dichotomies are constructed by and subsequently embedded within the news.' This is particularly true with regard to the Times' coverage of the conflict."
Cast Lead was Israel's worst atrocity since the June 1967 Six Day War. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday Gaza terror bombings is the worst one since Cast Lead. But not according to Times coverage. Once again, Israel is victim, not villain.
On February 17, 2012, a Jerusalem Post article headlined, "Judaism at the New York Times," saying:
This week, Jodi Rudoren took over as Times Jerusalem bureau chief. Like others before her, she's Jewish. They include Ethan Bronner (replaced after reports exposed their conflict of interest), Steven Erlanger, James Bennet, and Deborah Sontag beginning in August 1998.
"Why does the New York Times consistently send Jewish journalists to head their central office in the Jewish state," asked the Post?
It doesn't fill other foreign correspondent positions with ethnic nationals. Why Israel? The Post suggested it's because Times Ochs and Sulzberger controlling families were Jewish. In 1992, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr. succeeded their father as publisher and board chairperson.
"In choosing Jewish journalists to lead in Jerusalem, the Times" subscribes to its founding families' beliefs." Yet, claims the Post, doing so "affirms not just the belief that Jews are not different, but that they cannot be different."
Chew on that for meaning. The Post later said Jews were sent "to report in a most un-Jewish way," when, in fact, their bias is blatantly one-sided.
Moreover, whether or not Jews fill Jerusalem bureau chief roles or elsewhere reporting on Israel, they'd better better do it favorably, no matter how egregious its crimes. Otherwise they'll be replaced and likely fired.
Times Biased Coverage of Three Days of Israeli Terror Bombing
On March 9, Times writers Fares Akram and Isabel Kershner headlined, "Israeli Airstrikes Kill Militants in Gaza," saying:
Israeli air strikes killed Zuhir al-Qaisi, Popular Resistance Committees (PRC) secretary-general. PRC member Mahmoud Hanani was also killed. Both men died when two IDF missiles struck their car.
Neither threatened Israel now nor earlier. The Times, however, regurgitated the official lie about Israel "thwart(ing) a terrorist strike that the militants were planning against Israelis from across the border in Egypt."
It also falsely claimed both men were involved in previous attacks on Israel. Unexplained was that its authorities released Hanani from wrongful imprisonment last October as part of the Shalit prisoner swap deal. Instead it said they recently traveled to Jordan, Egypt, and Gaza. Doing so implied it was to plan new terror attacks.
The Times also lied, saying "Israel's first airstrike....came soon after Gaza militants fired two rockets into southern Israel." In fact, calm prevailed until Israeli aircraft struck. Gazans responded defensively. Under international law, it's their right, no matter how unmatched they are against its powerful adversary.
Also not explained was that all Israeli attacks are premeditated. Innocent civilians are killed, including women and children. At times, they're willfully targeted. Attacks often occur after calm periods. Israel needs instability and violence to claim justification for its crimes of war and against humanity.
Palestinians are victims, not aggressors. Resistance groups are heroic, not terrorists as calling them "militants" implies.
In addition, The Times quoted Israel's military spuriously claiming it "does not seek an escalation in the region," but stands ready to protect its citizens "with strength and determination (against) terrorist" activity.
In fact, Israel repeatedly initiates violence, notably against Gaza, the West Bank, East Jerusalem, Lebanon, and currently covertly on Syria as part of Washington's regime change agenda.
On March 10, both writers headlined, "Violence Continues for Israel and Militants," saying:
More deaths resulted. Israel responded to rocket attacks. Unexplained was that Palestinians acted defensively in response to Israeli attacks.
By implication, Israel's victimized by Palestinian instigated or planned violence, when, in fact, precisely the reverse is true. But you'd never know it from Times articles, commentaries and editorials.
A Final Comment
Like Obama and complicit rogue US officials, Netanyahu's a scourge on humanity, a war criminal, a killer unleashing terror bombings to incite violence and instability. At a Sunday cabinet meeting, they said:
"We have collected a high price from them and we are still collecting more. We will continue to operate as long as it is necessary."
Maliciously they lied saying Israel's terror attacks disrupted planned Palestinian assaults on Israeli targets.
On March 10, the Palestinian Center for Human Rights (PCHR) condemned the lawless killings, saying:
Israeli warplanes fired missiles into densely populated areas. Civilians died. Homes and other structures were damaged.
"PCHR reiterates condemnation of these crimes and expresses utmost concern over such escalation."
It also warned about aggravating dire humanitarian conditions in Gaza. The entire population's affected. It called on "the international community to immediately take an action to stop such crimes."
In addition, it cited the obligation of Fourth Geneva's High Contracting Parties to fulfill their obligations under its provisions.
Article 1 stipulates they "undertake to respect and to ensure respect for the present Convention in all circumstances."
Article 146 requires they prosecute persons responsible for grave Convention breaches. Under Article 147 and Protocol I to the four Geneva Conventions, they're war crimes. It's long past high time Israel was held accountable.
Also on March 10, a Euro-Mediterranean Observatory for Human Rights (EMOHR) press release called the “assassination of wanted people” a blatant violation of international law. It described it as a murder outside the law without trial.
It said since 2000 alone, Israel assassinated dozens of Palestinian activists lawlessly. At all times, Israel acted preemptively, adding:
“The brutal murder of suspected individuals is a disgrace to a country that claims to be civilized and democratic, even in the case of armed confrontation."
On March 11, Haaretz writer Gideon Levy headlined, "Way to go, IDF!" saying:
"Here we go again." More days of "cynical ritual....bloodletting." As always, Israel's blame game points fingers the wrong way. Major media scoundrels report supportively. Not Levy, saying:
"The IDF and the Shin Bet security....started it....(T)hey carry out targeted killings whenever they can, and not whenever it is necessary."
Levy called necessity when done against "ticking time bombs en route to carry out their attacks. In any event, such a vague standard no longer applies."
In 2006, Supreme Court President Aharon Barak prohibited these killings as "deterrent(s) or punishment." Killing is killing. Committing it is lawless, except defensively in response to attacks.
No one attacked or threatened Israel. Palestinians want calm, not violence. They only respond defensively, despite falsified reports saying otherwise. Levy called Israel's explanation "convoluted." It was also spurious to claim justification for premeditated cold-blooded murder.
So far, at least 21 Palestinians died, including children. No Israelis, but imagine if it was reversed. Levy suggested Cast Lead II and regional war would follow. "But the killing of (21) Palestinians is allowed, eliciting just a yawn."
That's the way it is "in this insane asylum....Way to go, IDF!" It operates on the principle of stopping killings by committing more of them.
Ehud Barak calls the IDF killing machine "the most moral army in the world." Murdering 18 Gazans and similar past incidents reveal its true face. Morality's not in its vocabulary and never was!
-###-
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net.
Also visit their blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com and listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening.
http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour/.
Despite the many recent studies that have “dismal" results for private-school voucher programs, President Donald Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos continue to push for them. Now, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops is weighing in to support a federal voucher program, which, according to Politico, “they believe could spur a rebirth” for Catholic education.
In June the Catholic bishops sent a letter to lawmakers to propose “principles” for a federal voucher program, including that it be available to students in all 50 states. Such a program would be devastating to public schools, religious freedom and the civil rights of students.
Americans United doesn't oppose private or religious education, but we do oppose using taxpayer dollars to fund it: public dollars should fund public schools. Indeed, the basic principles of religious freedom tell us that no one's taxes should be used to pay for religious education. And the basic rules of equality tell us that federal civil rights protections – including those protecting students with disabilities, LGBTQ students and minority students – should follow federal dollars.
The bishops aren't wrong that a federal voucher program would likely be a boon for Catholic education. In Pennsylvania, for example, the state's tuition tax credit (TTC) (a state voucher by another name) program literally saved the West Catholic Preparatory High School. Five years ago, it nearly shut its doors due to “plummeting enrollment and soaring debt”; but it now receives $800,000 in annual voucher payments – more than 13 times what it collected in tuition before – and has doubled enrollment. The Pennsylvania Catholic Conference Education Director Sean McAleer praised the program, noting students have “been given what's most important, God's word.”
And here's what the bishops asked for: They want to be given federal dollars, but don't want to have to adhere to any federal rules or oversight. In short, want to have their cake and eat it too.
Catholic bishops are pushing for a federally funded private school voucher program with no accountability.
For example, they want to “retain their autonomy” in areas such as hiring, admission and curriculum. This means they want schools that take vouchers to be free from following civil rights laws and instead be allowed to discriminate in hiring and admissions. And they want to be allowed to infuse religion into every class, including science and math.
Rejecting any federal oversight and accountability standards, the letter also says the only oversight should be based upon the satisfaction of participating families. But the government – and the taxpayers – have a clear interest in knowing how public funds are spent. This is especially true for voucher schemes, which often fund poor quality schools and lack proper accountability measures.
Congress should reject a federal school voucher program. Instead, they should fund the public schools, which 90 percent of American school children attend. Taxpayers can't afford to fund two education systems – one public and one private.
While Trump and DeVos still haven't presented any specifics on what their federally funded voucher program would look like, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and U.S. Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.) have re-introduced a bill to fund a type of national voucher program. And vouchers could also could come up as members of Congress review the tax code.
That's why it's important to tell your representatives you support public schools and don't want any voucher plan that will weaken our public schools and take scarce funding from them.
For more information about vouchers, visit the National Coalition for Public Education, which AU co-chairs.
Trans-Pacific Partnership: US Senate approves fast-track trade bill, sends to president Barack Obama
Updated
The US Senate has approved legislation key to securing the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, which could span 12 countries including Australia, advancing US president Barack Obama's efforts to strengthen US economic ties with Asia.
After a six-week congressional battle including two brushes with failure, some fancy legislative footwork and myriad backroom deals to keep the legislation alive, the Senate voted 60 to 38 to grant Mr Obama the power to negotiate trade deals and send them on a fast track through Congress.
The bill next goes to Mr Obama for their signature.
Australia and the other 11 nations could hold their final ministerial meeting next month to wrap up the deal.
The TPP, potentially a legacy-defining achievement for Mr Obama, would be the biggest free trade agreement in a generation and rank with China's ascension to the world trade stage and the North American Free Trade Agreement liberalising trade between the United States, Canada and Mexico.
But TPP ministers still have tricky issues to resolve, ranging from monopoly periods for next-generation medicines to the treatment of state-owned enterprises.
Some member countries, including Japan and Canada, want to have fast track in place before making final offers on the trade deal, which would cover 40 per cent of the world economy and raise annual global economic output by nearly $US300 billion.
Negotiators say a deal on the TPP could be wrapped up within weeks once countries are sure US lawmakers will not pick the deal apart afterward, which fast track prevents.
Fast track authority will last up to six years
Senators showed slightly less support than in an initial vote a month ago for fast track, which would let lawmakers set negotiating goals for trade deals but restrict them to yes-or-no votes on final agreements.
Fast-track authority lasts for up to six years and would extend to any trade deals negotiated by Mr Obama's successor, who would take office in January 2017.
The vote came as Congress was trying to finish up the four parts of the trade legislation package and send them to Mr Obama: fast-track negotiating authority, aid for workers who lose their jobs as a result of trade, an Africa trade preferences bill and a customs enforcement measure.
Fast track was forced back to the Senate floor after a revolt by Democrats in the House of Representatives resulted in it being split from a companion measure extending a program to help workers hurt by trade.
That bill is expected to pass the Senate shortly and will then return to the House.
Many Democrats who opposed the aid program last week now plan to support it, including House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi.
The top Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, Sander Levin, said they expected the "vast majority" of Democrats to vote "yes."
That would allow both measures to go to Mr Obama for approval this week, before lawmakers go on a week-long break.
The bruising congressional battle has pitted Mr Obama against many in their own party, including Ms Pelosi, and prompted blood-letting among Republicans after party leaders lashed out at conservatives who refused to back the trade agenda.
Opinion polls show a majority of Americans support trade in general, but congressional approval has been a slog because labour unions and activists have campaigned against fast track, warning of job losses and vowing to retaliate against Democrats who break ranks to support trade.
The front runner for the party's presidential nomination in 2016, Hillary Clinton, said Democratic critics had legitimate concerns but has so far reserved judgment on the TPP.
Reuters
Topics: international-aid-and-trade, business-economics-and-finance, government-and-politics, world-politics, united-states
First posted
This spring, SpaceX landed a rocket on an ocean platform after failing four previous attempts. The company has grand ambitions—its founder Elon Musk has talked about colonizing Mars—but a spotty record of success. This latest achievement, though, gives more credence to the company's goal of building reusable rockets and, eventually, “affordable private space travel.”
Though these big dreams are likely to be a long way off, policymakers and scientists have been thinking about the details of the commercialization of space for decades. Writing in 1985, researcher Arthur L. Levine was already tackling questions that might arise in the new age of space exploration.
The commercialization of space is of interest to venture capitalists like Elon Musk, industrialists looking for new frontiers, and even NASA, who has seen its federal funding shrink. “Commercialization” in this context means that the private sector will market technology currently used by the government, and develop new technology with either no or minimal government assistance.
Levine is interested in questions of how commercialization will affect international relations and the state of research in the United States. If most of the current research being done on space is outsourced to private companies and organizations, two risks emerge: One, that the government will stop doing vital research that will become important later and, two, that of the research that the government continues doing, only projects with commercial applications will receive funding.
Then there is the matter of cooperation with other countries. Commercialization will necessarily mean competition with other developed areas, most notably Europe and Japan, which could end up affecting political relations. On the other end of the spectrum, commercialization may increase the cost of space technology until it is inaccessible for developing countries. For example, Levine writes, some nations are already worried that private firms using satellites to gather information about their country's natural resources will then sell that information to the highest bidder, cutting the nation's citizens out of the deal. In addition, if the U.S. launches become too expensive, developing nations will turn to subsidized launches from rival nations, which will affect relations when it comes to aid.
As such, developing nations have pushed for space treaties specifying that space research is for “the common heritage of humankind,” a push away from private commercialization.
New research links the use of antidepressants during pregnancy with adolescent mental health issues. Photo by DanielReche/Pixabay
THURSDAY, Sept. 7, 2017 -- Children whose mothers took antidepressants during pregnancy may be at increased risk for psychiatric disorders themselves, a new study suggests.
Researchers reviewed data from more than 905,000 children born in Denmark between 1998 and 2012. The children's health was followed for up to 16.5 years. During the follow-up period, 32,400 of the children were diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder.
The 15-year risk of psychiatric disorders was 8 percent among children whose mothers didn't take antidepressants during pregnancy. The risk was 11.5 percent among those whose mothers took antidepressants before pregnancy. And the risk was up to 14.5 percent among those whose mothers took antidepressants before and during pregnancy or who began taking antidepressants during pregnancy.
But the researchers said their findings have to be interpreted with caution.
Due to the study's design, the researchers did not prove a cause-and-effect link.
This was an observational study, so the association identified may be due to other factors, such as the severity of the mother's illness combined with antidepressant exposure in the womb, the study authors said.
"Mothers with severe symptoms are more likely to continue treatment during pregnancy," said study author Xiaoqin Liu, from Aarhus University in Denmark, and colleagues.
The researchers also emphasized that the decision to stop or continue taking antidepressants during pregnancy should be made jointly by patients and doctors. Untreated depression can also cause problems for mom and baby, according to the U.S. Office on Women's Health.
Between 2 and 8 percent of pregnant women take antidepressants, the researchers said.
The study was published Sept. 6 in The BMJ.
RELATED Study shows sequencing all 24 chromosomes reveals rare disorders
Long-term studies are needed to learn more about how drugs taken during pregnancy affect a child's neurodevelopment, Hedvig Nordeng and colleagues from the University of Oslo, Norway, wrote in an accompanying editorial.
But it's important for researchers to report absolute risks so that doctors and pregnant women have a clear understanding of the issue, they said.
"For example, if prenatal exposure to antidepressants is associated with a 23 percent increased risk of autism in children, and assuming a baseline prevalence of autism of 1 percent, then for every 10,000 women who continue treatment during pregnancy, 23 additional cases of autism would occur," Nordeng and colleagues wrote.
"This number may be alarming to some patients and reassuring to others," the editorialists said in a journal news release.
They added that observational studies such as this one need to be supplemented with data from other types of research, including laboratory, animal and genetic studies, to give a fuller picture of how drugs may affect a developing fetus.
The March of Dimes has more on antidepressants and pregnancy.
Copyright © 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
A Simple Sloppy Slack Slash-command Show-how (with Meetup API)
Jeff Madsen Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 28, 2017
(We know “Show-how” isn't a real word. Alliterate all the things!)
Checking out BotList lately got me curious about that world, so yesterday I decided to sit down and create what is probably the simplest form of bot — a Slack slash-command of my own. For those of you unfamiliar, in Slack you have the ability to create a full-fledged Bot that you can interact with (or that can serve up push notifications), or just a simple command like /whenisthenextmeetup that we're going to build.
This whole “show-me” should take you about 10 minutes if you want to follow along. There's a bit of very sloppy php code at the end you can use (although you'll probably want to clean it up quite a bit if you leave it in production). You're going to want the following:
A Slack account with at least one organization that won't mind you doing this (ask, or better — ask if you can make them something)
A Meetup account
A web host account where you can drop a single .php file
I built this for HNKansai , a Hacker Newsgroup based in the Kobe/Osaka/Kyoto triangle (join us!). We recently started using Meetup for our monthly get-together and co-host Sacha Greif suggested this idea might be helpful.
Your first step is to actually find the link on the Slack website to get started. Don't laugh — I'm not the brightest bulb in the chandelier, but it took me round and round clicking of the sort typically associated with Google APIs to figure out a generic starting point I could share. The key is to know which of your organizations you want to make this on before you get started:
https://[yourTeam].slack.com/apps/build/custom-integration
So for me, for example, it was https://hnkansai.slack.com/apps/build/custom-integration (which won't work for you unless you are a member of HNKansai - put your own team in). After that it is all downhill.
We'll use Slash Commands, obviously
We'll use Slash Commands, which takes us to a starting point asking for the command we want to use. Type ‘/whenisthenextmeetup' and click the Add Slash Command Integration (don't worry about how long it is — we'll be adding autocomplete in the next step).
You'll be taken to new page with a lot of useful information at the top that you really don't need to know about right now. About half-way down the page you will see Integration Settings:
URL will not yet be filled in — that's a coming step
The Command is self-explanatory; the URL is where we are going to put the link on our hosted account where our actual script is that does something. In our case, that “something” is going to be to call the Meetup API with a usergroup slug and have it return to us the next event information, which we will parse and pass back to Slack.
First, while we're here, let's give it the rest of the information we want to show in slack. Customize Name is your bot name, and the icon will be its avatar. The autocomplete part is important — it will not only save typing but let users see usage instructions. Mine looks like this in production:
Autocomplete for our command
Save that when you're done and let's go grab our API key from Meetup.
When you log into Meetup you'll find the usual dashboard at https://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/; you can find your API key at the top. That's all we really need from here, but the endpoint we'll be working with is https://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/docs/:urlname/events/#list which you'll find handy if you want to modify our results later.
Now we need some code for our api calls. If you're an experienced programmer, this is the point where you ask yourself, “PHP…Meetup…gotta be something out there, right?” and run to Mr. Google, who tells you about this nice little single file library: https://github.com/FokkeZB/Meetup Not only did I not bother to use composer to pull it in (just grabbed the “raw” version), I even stole part of their example code and created my own endpoint here:
// Place this at http://XXX.codebyjeff.com/bots/whenisthenextmeetup/index.php as noted in the Slack settings
// from https://github.com/FokkeZB/Meetup
require 'meetup.php';
$meetup = new Meetup(array(
'key' => 'YOUR-API-KEY-FROM-MEETUP'
));
$groups = [
'ro' => 'React-Osaka',
'owd' => 'Osaka-Web-Designers-and-Developers-Meetup',
'ccc' => 'Coffee-and-Coding-Conundrum',
];
if (empty($_POST['text'])){
$url = 'Hacker-News-Kansai';
}
elseif (!empty($groups[$_POST['text']])){
$url = $groups[$_POST['text']];
}
else{
$url = $_POST['text'];
}
$response = $meetup->getEvents(array(
'group_urlname' => $url
));
// If response is empty, send back some little message. I didn't bother.
$date = new DateTime('@' .$response[0]->time / 1000);
$date->setTimezone(new \DateTimezone('Asia/Tokyo'));
echo $response[0]->group->name . ' - ' . $date->format("D, M j H:i") . ' at ' . $response[0]->venue->name . ' ' . $response[0]->event_url. PHP_EOL;
I told you it was simple & sloppy. (It's also in production — how's your weekend project?) About half of the code is just letting people use shortcuts for some of the other local groups many of us belong to. The Meetup actually requires the group's slug (ex: ‘Osaka-Web-Designers-and-Developers-Meetup') which would be a bit tiresome to type out, so I made a shortlist to allow 3-letter codes instead, with a default.
The meeting start time is stored in milliseconds, so be sure to convert. It is also GMT, but since we are all in Japan I did it (say it together!) the Simple, Sloppy way. It looks like this in Slack:
This is three separate requests, using “ccc”, default and “owd” as arguments
That's really all there is. Very simple code which can be written in any web language you want and a few dashboard settings. Feel free to use this “as is” or anyway you care to. Next time I'll get into some bots that are a little more interactive than this. Enjoy!
Charles Butler McVay III (July 30, 1898 – November 6, 1968) was an American naval officer and the commanding officer of the cruiser USS Indianapolis when they were lost in action in 1945, resulting in a significant loss of life. Of all captains in the history of the United States Navy, they are the only one to have been subjected to court-martial for losing a ship sunk by an act of war, despite the fact that they were on a top secret mission maintaining radio silence (the testimony of the Japanese commander who sank their ship also seemed to exonerate McVay).[1] After years of mental health problems, they took their own life aged 70 years. Following years of efforts by some survivors and others to clear their name, McVay was posthumously exonerated by the 106th United States Congress and President Bill Clinton on October 30, 2000. Contents
Education and career Edit
Sinking of Indianapolis Edit
Later that year, Indianapolis received orders to carry parts and nuclear material to Tinian to be used in the atomic bombs which were soon to be dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. After delivering their top secret cargo, the ship was en route to report for further duty off Okinawa. Early in the morning of July 30, 1945, they were attacked by the Japanese submarine I-58 under Commander Mochitsura Hashimoto. Hashimoto launched six torpedoes and hit Indianapolis twice, the first removing over forty feet of their bow, the second hitting the starboard side at frame forty (below the bridge). Indianapolis immediately took a fifteen degree list, capsized and sank within 12 minutes. Of the crew of 1,196 men, 879 men died.
Delayed rescue Edit
About 300 of the 1,196 men on board either died in the initial attack or were trapped belowdecks and drowned when compartments were sealed in an effort to prevent sinking. The remainder of the crew, about 900 men, were able to abandon ship. Some were left floating in the water, many without lifeboats, until the rescue of 316 survivors was completed four days (100 hours) later. Because of Navy protocol regarding secret missions, the ship was not reported "overdue" and the rescue came only after survivors were spotted by pilot Lieutenant Wilber (Chuck) Gwinn and co-pilot Lieutenant Warren Colwell on a routine patrol flight. Of those who did abandon ship, most casualties were due to injuries sustained aboard the ship, dehydration, exhaustion, drinking salt water and shark attacks [2] The seas had been moderate, but visibility was not good. Indianapolis had been steaming at 15.7 knots (29.1 km/h). When the ship did not reach Leyte on the 31st, as scheduled, no report was made that they were overdue. This omission was officially recorded later than "due to a misunderstanding of the Movement Report System".[3][4]
Controversy Edit
McVay was wounded but survived, and was among those rescued. They repeatedly asked the Navy why it took four days to rescue their men but never received an answer. The Navy long claimed that SOS messages were never received because the ship was operating under a policy of radio silence; declassified records show that three SOS messages were received separately, but none were acted upon because one commander was drunk, another thought it was a Japanese ruse, while the third had given orders not to be disturbed.[5] After a Navy Court of Inquiry recommended that McVay be court-martialed for the loss of Indianapolis, Admiral Chester Nimitz disagreed and instead issued the captain a letter of reprimand. Admiral Ernest King overturned Nimitz's decision and recommended a court-martial, which Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal later convened. McVay was charged with failing to zigzag and failure to order abandon ship in a timely manner. They were convicted on the former. Prior knowledge of Japanese submarines being identified in the area was withheld from the court and from McVay, prior to sailing, as well. Following McVay's conviction for hazarding Indianapolis by failing to zigzag, Admiral King recommended setting aside the punishment.[6][7] Hashimoto, the Japanese submarine commander who had sunk Indianapolis, was on record as describing visibility at the time as fair (which is corroborated by the fact that they were able to target and sink Indianapolis in the first place). American submarine experts testified that "zigzagging" was a technique of negligible value in eluding enemy submarines. Hashimoto also testified to this effect.[1] Despite that testimony, the official ruling was that visibility was good, and the court held McVay responsible for failing to zigzag. An additional point of controversy is evidence that the admirals in the United States Navy were primarily responsible for placing the ship in harm's way. For instance, McVay requested a destroyer escort for Indianapolis,[8] but their request was denied because the priority for destroyers at the time was escorting transports to Okinawa and picking up downed pilots in B-29 raids on Japan. Also, naval command assumed McVay's route would be safe at that point in the war.[1] Many ships, including most destroyers, were equipped with submarine detection equipment, but the Indianapolis was not so equipped, which casts the decision to deny McVay's request for an escort as military incompetence. On 24 July 1945, just six days prior to the sinking of Indianapolis, the destroyer Underhill had been attacked and sunk in the area by Japanese submarines. Yet McVay was never informed of this event, and several others, in part due to issues of classified intelligence.[1] McVay was warned of the potential presence of Japanese subs, but not of the actual confirmed activity. Although about 380 ships of the U.S. Navy were lost in combat in World War II,[9] McVay was the only captain to be court-martialed for the loss of their ship.[10] It was widely felt that they had been a fall guy for the Navy.[11] The conviction effectively ended McVay's career as they lost seniority, although the sentence was overturned by Secretary James Forrestal owing to McVay's bravery prior to the sinking, and McVay was finally promoted to rear admiral when they retired from the navy in 1949, although they apparently never got over their treatment.[12][13] In their book Abandon Ship, author Richard F. Newcomb posits a motive for Admiral King's ordering McVay's court-martial. According to Captain McVay III's father, Admiral Charles B McVay Jr., "'King never forgot a grudge," they exploded. King had been a junior officer under the old man's command when King and other officers sneaked some women aboard a ship. Admiral McVay had a letter of reprimand placed in King's record. "Now," they raged, "King's used you to get back at me.'"[14]
Suicide Edit
On 6 November 1968, McVay took their own life by shooting themselves with their service pistol at their home in Litchfield, Connecticut, holding in their hand a toy sailor they had received as a boy for a good luck charm.[15] They were found in their back porch by their gardener.[16] Though a note was not left, McVay was known by those close to them to have suffered from loneliness, particularly after losing their wife to cancer.[17] McVay also struggled throughout their life from vitriolic letters and phone calls they periodically received from grief-stricken relatives of dead crewmen who served aboard the Indianapolis.[17]
Exoneration Edit
USS Indianapolis survivors organized, and many spent years attempting to clear their skipper's name. Many people, from McVay's son Charles McVay IV (1925–2012) to author Dan Kurzman, who chronicled the Indianapolis incident in Fatal Voyage, to members of Congress, long believed McVay was unfairly convicted. Paul Murphy, president of the USS Indianapolis Survivors Organization, said: "Captain McVay's court-martial was simply to divert attention from the terrible loss of life caused by procedural mistakes which never alerted anyone that we were missing." Over fifty years after the incident, a 12-year-old student in Pensacola, Florida, Hunter Scott, was instrumental in raising awareness of the miscarriage of justice carried out at the captain's court-martial. As part of a school project for the National History Day program, the young man interviewed nearly 150 survivors of the Indianapolis sinking and reviewed 800 documents. Their testimony before the U.S. Congress brought national attention to the situation.[18][19][20] In October 2000, the United States Congress passed a resolution that McVay's record should reflect that "he is exonerated for the loss of the USS Indianapolis." President Clinton also signed the resolution.[21] Commander Hashimoto died five days before the exoneration (on 25 October). In July 2001, Secretary of the Navy Gordon R. England ordered McVay's official Navy record purged of all wrongdoing.[22]
Awards and decorations Edit
In popular culture Edit
McVay's ship, but not McVay himself, is mentioned in the 1975 blockbuster movie Jaws, in which the character of Quint is portrayed as a survivor of the incident. In 1978, the events surrounding McVay's court-martial were dramatized in The Failure to ZigZag by playwright John B. Ferzacca. The 1991 made-for-television movie Mission of the Shark: The Saga of the U.S.S. Indianapolis depicts the ordeal of the men of the Indianapolis during their last voyage (with McVay portrayed by Stacy Keach), as does the 2016 film USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage (with McVay portrayed by Nicolas Cage). Also in 2016, USS Indianapolis: The Legacy was released. It is an in-depth film where the survivors tell the story of what really happened and they speak about the aftermath of the tragic event.
See also Edit
Yesterday, four days into their 17-day “working vacation” at their Bedminster, New Jersey, golf club, Donald Trump took a break from their whatever it is they are doing to aggressively threaten North Korea, a country not typically known for having a thick skin. “North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States,” Trump told reporters during a meeting that was ostensibly focused on America's opioid crisis. “They will be met with fire and fury and, frankly, power the likes of which the world has never seen before.” Earlier in the day, The Washington Post had reported that the Hermit Kingdom has successfully miniaturized a nuclear warhead, allowing it to be fitted on a missile. The news was terrifying enough on its own without Trump ad-libbing their response. The Dow Jones, perhaps unsurprisingly, faltered for the first time in days, breaking its 10-session winning streak amid mushrooming headlines like, “Can SF plan for surviving a North Korean nuclear strike?” World leaders, too, were on edge. The comments were “not helpful in an environment that is very tense,” New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English told the Guardian. In a statement, China's foreign ministry advised both the U.S. and North Korea to avoid using “any words or actions” that would further inflame the situation. Even Senator John McCain, who has rarely met a potential war they didn't like, denounced Trump's rhetoric as unhelpful.
According to the White House, however, the whole “fire and fury” thing is getting completely blown out of proportion because the media, and the international community, are making the mistake of taking whatever Trump says literally. Politico's Josh Dawsey reports that individuals close to the situation have said not to “read too much into” anything the president said on Tuesday. Inside the West Wing, the language was not taken “too seriously,” either. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, en route to Guam, which North Korea had just threatened to bomb in retaliation, also said there was nothing to worry about. “I think Americans should sleep well at night,” they said. “Nothing I have seen and nothing I know of would indicate that situation has dramatically changed in the last 24 hours.” Minutes later, Trump sent out a pair of tweets boasting that America's nuclear arsenal is “far stronger and more powerful than ever before,” and warning that “Hopefully we will never have to use this power.”
Trump aides and staffers have often spoken of the president like a temperamental child, easily distracted and prone to ranting and raving when their ego is threatened. It's a tad less funny when America's moody teenager in chief has their finger on the nuclear button and is tweeting threats from the golf course and and the best the “grown ups” in the room can do is tell people not to just ignore him. On the the other hand, they say comedy = tragedy + time, so perhaps hundreds of years from now, after the nuclear holocaust, this whole thing will be a real gas.
American racing impresario GENE HAAS explains why he's serious about entering F1
Howdy race fans,
I'm Gene Haas, owner of the best Goddam NASCAR team in America. A short while ago I was exposed to a dangerous gas leakage at my racoon rendering facility and this gave me one hell of an idea. I, Gene Haas, would enter Formula 1.
I said to myself, Gene, ain't nothin' those lousy Socialist bastards in Europe can teach the inventor of the cheese carburetor. You get yo'self over there and give those limp assed liberal sons of bitches a taste of the United States of Freedom. Then I passed out.
Laterwhiles, I made a call to a guy called L'il Bernie and they said, sure thing Gene. You can come and race in Formula 1, jus' one question: You got money? I said, money? Hell son, I shit money. Sometimes literally. Doctors are still lookin' into that.
Anywayses, L'il Bernie, they say Gene, if you got money, y'all set to race in the 2015 Formula 1 season. Hells yeah. We's gonna come over to Yewropeland and show those Goddam latte drinkin' bastards how we win races back here in the United States of It's Hammer Time.
Folks might say, but Gene, you ain't gotta V6 engine and hybrid system. Well no, cuz I'm not a communist and a homosexual. But what I do got is a V8 and a hacksaw. Thanks to the good people of Walmart and their everyday price savin' offers, I also gotta a shit load of batteries.
Folks might alsotimes say, Gene, you ain't gonna have no chassis in time and you gonna have to buy one from some limey-ass state health care lovin' bastards in England or Italyland or someplace. Oh yeah? Well you ain't seen what my cousin Willy-Sue can do with just a welder and shit ton of tubes, ‘specially if we keep them off the meth.
See, those pansy-ass Formula 1 bastards have been doin' it wrong all these years and they gonna get a big, fat taste of triple fried justice from a team as Goddam American as apple pie, baseball and accidentally shootin' yourself in the head. An' trust me, cuz I tried all three.
See y'all next year. We'll be the guys at the front holdin' the big ass trophy. You better believe it, I'm gonna do this real good. Cuz, as my daddy always used to say, ‘Son, you really put the ass in Haas'.
Due to an error, this column was written by the wrong Gene Haas.
Arrest of ABT terrorists shows how deep the ISIS has penetrated West Bengal
India
oi-Vicky
By Vicky
The arrest of two Ansarullah Bangla Team members by the Kolkata police only goes on to show the extent of penetration that the Islamic State has made in West Bengal. The ABT, a Bangladesh based terrorist outfit is considered to be the B-Team of the ISIS in the sub-continent.
In fact, when the ISIS had announced operations in Bangladesh, it had sought the support of the ABT to expand operations. The ABT which was earlier associated with the al-Qaeda switched loyalties a year and a half back. Its leaders openly propagated in the name of the ISIS. The ABT was also responsible for the killing of bloggers and intellectuals in Bangladesh.
The preliminary investigations conducted post the arrest of Samsad and Riazul suggested that they were in West Bengal to purchase arms and chemicals to prepare explosives. The arrest was carried out following specific intelligence inputs.
Intelligence Bureau officials say that the arrests are crucial. There was never any strong presence of the ABT in India and their operations were largely restricted to Bangladesh. With their arrest details about the modules they have set up and also the locals they were in touch with would come to light, the officer also noted.
The arrest also showed that these men were not in India only to purchase arms. Religious literature found on them suggests that they were also planning on distributing the same to spread the ideology. The IB officer said that the ABT has plans of acting as a proxy for the ISIS in India. The ISIS which has come heavily under the radar in West Bengal would use the ABT to stay off the radar and continue to spread its ideology.
In Bangladesh, the ISIS made a slow start. Several splinter groups had been siding with the al-Qaeda including the ABT. However, over the past few months, the Ansar Ul Bangla Team(ABT) witnessed some infighting and several disgruntled elements decided to pledge support to the ISIS.
An Intelligence Bureau dossier says that the ISIS works with allies in the sub-continent. In Afghanistan, it garners support from the Heroes of Islam Brigade in Khorasan and the al-Tawheed Brigade in Khorasan. In India, the ISIS has the support of the Ansar-ul-Tawhid or the erstwhile Indian Mujahideen. n Pakistan, the ISIS has the support of the Tehrik-e-Taliban, Tehreek-e-Khilafat and the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan.
The IM has not had a strong base in West Bengal and Assam. Groups such as the Harkat-ul-Jihadi Islami and SIMI have a greater presence. The ABT has been roped in now and the arrest signals the beginning of this alliance in Bengal and Assam.
The ABT and the ISIS began spreading a reign of fear among the people by issuing fatwas in a bid to set up an Islamic Caliphate. The ISIS saw an opportunity in Bangladesh and realized that it could set up a module in order to achieve its dream of setting up a Caliphate which would also spill into Bengal and the neighbouring areas.
OneIndia News
FEW doubt that there is something seriously wrong with policing in America. Far too many people, chiefly young black men, are dying at the hands of police. Every new police scandal invites more hand-wringing over a law-enforcement system that often seems racist and unjust. In Baltimore over the weekend protests over the mysterious death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year old man who died while in police custody in Baltimore on April 19th, turned violent.
Yet few also doubt that most police officers are decent people who “risk their own safety for ours every single day,” as President Barack Obama put it recently. According to one poll, three quarters of people, including a majority of African Americans, say that they approve of the job being done by their local police department. Police officers in general seem to be thought of as decent people doing good work—and yet policing, as a practice, is widely distrusted. What explains this contradiction?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In the Atlantic, Ta Nehisi Coates argues that part of the reason is simply that police officers are expected to do too much. “At some point, Americans decided that the best answer to every social ill lay in the power of the criminal-justice system,” they write. “Vexing social problems” such as homelessness, drug use and mental illness are now handled by armed men and women, who are trained to enforce compliance, not offer therapy. “Peel back the layers of most of the recent police shootings that have captured attention and you will find a broad societal problem that we have looked at, thrown our hands up, and said to the criminal-justice system, ‘You deal with this',” Mr Coates observes. Naturally this creates problems. In New York over the weekend, police officers killed a robbery suspect with a history of mental illness.
I have a lot of sympathy with Mr Coates's view. Certainly police officers cannot solve social problems. And better regulation of cops and a proliferation of body cameras will not make America's dark history of racialised oppression go away. But I think Mr Coates's take—that the problems of American policing are structural and inevitable—is ultimately too pessimistic. It discounts the importance of police training, which can have a big impact on when and how often officers pull the trigger. So it is worth asking whether there is something in particular about America's policing culture that leads an over-reliance on violence.
In search of an answer, I set out to interview a rough cross-section of American cops. I wanted to know what they think of the debate about policing that has gripped the country since the protests in Ferguson last year. My research led to this piece in the paper. But having transcribed six or seven hours' worth of interviews with half a dozen cops from police forces across America, I felt I could add a little more. I particularly wanted to get across what ordinary street-level cops think, because their voice seems so absent from much of this debate. (As an aside, line-level cops are generally barred from speaking to the media; the ones I spoke to insisted on their anonymity, including the force they work for.)
My first, inescapable finding is that almost all cops think they get a hard time from the media. As one lieutenant from an urban Midwestern force put it, “it sometimes feels like the only voice you ever hear is criticising you… If you watch the TV news, our good work only gets two seconds. When we do something bad, it gets two minutes.” Another officer, this one a veteran from a north-eastern suburban force, says that they think that the media—and the rise of smart-phones—makes policing look worse than it is. “The ten seconds you see of a man being hit with a baton, it looks horrible,” they say, “but you don't always know what that man was doing. Any use of force looks horrible even if it's completely necessary.” A third cop says that media coverage of abuses in some places undermines cops everywhere: “The media take one incident and they magnify it to the point where people think that must be all law enforcement and it really hurts officers”.
Second, cops think that the public underestimates the threats to their life—and why the use of force is sometimes necessary. Most of the officers I interviewed say that guns poison policing in America. “They're literally everywhere,” says one. “And the problem with dealing with guns is that if I'm talking to you and you've got a gun, action always beats reaction.” One female street cop points that having to carry a firearm automatically escalates violent situations. “If I take a punch and I'm knocked out, they could take my gun,” they say. “We need to stay a step ahead of them, so we sometimes use a higher-level of force.” Another worries that the fear of being criticised or indicted for using force may make cops put themselves in danger. “I think what's happening now is that some younger officers are more reluctant to use force and they might lose a tactical advantage and be killed.”
Third, many cops seem to largely agree with Mr Coates's view that the public have unrealistic expectations of what they can do. One from a Californian force argues that police officers cannot be expected to deal with social problems, like mental illness or drug addiction, without resorting to force. “If the person is not receptive and is not willing to be coherent all of the training in the world will fail.” Another says that mental illness is a particular problem because cops do not know how to identify it. “Sometimes an officer feels they are left with no other choice to use force and they find out after the fact that the person was bipolar or whatever and they didn't recognise it.” Cops who are expected to be tough enforcers of the law are not the right people to deal with people who are mentally ill, most concluded—but they have been made so by cuts to other services.
Several of the half a dozen cops I interviewed argued, in one way or another, that if people did not resist arrest, they would not be hurt by police officers. “If somebody is fighting with the police and they end up getting shot, I guarantee you, there is a point where the officer gave lawful orders and you have to stop resisting,” says one. Another argues that people need to get used to cops acting forcefully: “I would say that we need to train the public.” These cops—a significant minority—seemed to suggest that the use of force is always justified when people resist arrest or disobey orders.
Can things be improved? Part of the problem, admitted one officer, is that a narrow focus on criminal behaviour sometimes misses the big picture. “We arrest drug users and dealers and people who do all of these awful things. The problem is that those people don't always do those things all of the time. They're also people who are loved by people,” they say. This would seem to strengthen the argument for community policing, whereby officers get to know not just the criminals on their beat but also the business owners, teachers and local families. This approach to law-enforcement, which often involves getting officers out of their cars and on the streets to mingle with the community they are working to protect, can build trust and reduce crime. But many cops in America are deeply sceptical of community policing (“boutique policing”, one called it to me).
Another problem is that officers are often judged according to how many people they arrest, not how many crimes they prevent. “It's all about numbers now”, laments one suburban cop. “Does an officer spend two shifts working on a burglary or do they go out and write 20 speeding tickets?” There are few incentives for trying to solve problems, explains another: “The people who get promotions, the people who get specialised jobs, are the people who get arrests.” New ways for assessing performance, with data that measures crime prevention, could encourage new and less violent forms of law enforcement.
It seems to me that the biggest challenge will involve changing America's police culture. In Britain, and across Europe, police officers also spend a lot of time dealing with mental illness, drug use and the rest of it. But the number of deaths in custody per year across Britain is rarely more than handful. The annual number of people shot and killed by police has, in recent years, typically been zero. Some of this cannot be replicated: Britain is a small country with extremely tight gun-control laws and, as a result, extremely little gun crime. But some of it I think is the result of a better police culture. Since the early 1990s, when the Metropolitan Police in London was accused of being institutionally racist in an official inquiry, police services in Britain have become much more community-oriented. Problems remain, but cops increasingly do think of themselves as performing a social service.
Not all of America's 18,000 police forces suffer from the same problems, and there are certainly good examples of reform. Still, America's police forces are largely made up of people who think of themselves as “a thin blue line” against the bad guys. Only when that mentality changes will police really be able to move past these scandals.
(Photo credit: AFP)
When Tony Suarez lost their wife to cancer last year, the Passover song they learned at their first Seder meal only months before became theirs anthem.
Just as the Jewish people sing dayenu—“it would have been enough”—about God saving them from the plagues and leading them out of Egypt, the Virginia pastor proclaimed that God's faithfulness was enough, even without the miracle they had prayed for.
“That song meant everything,” said Suarez, vice president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference (NHCLC). “And we wouldn't have known it if we hadn't been in a synagogue.”
Suarez is helping to lead a movement among Latino evangelicals that aspires to change the face of Christian Zionism in America.
For the past few years, the NHCLC's Hispanic Israel Leadership Coalition (HILC) has brought Latino churches—some with blue-and-white Israeli flags in their sanctuaries and Hebrew songs in their worship sets—together with pro-Israel and Jewish groups.
The coalition has organized seminars, trips to the Holy Land, and sit-downs with Israeli politicians in order to make Hispanics “the most pro-Israel, pro-Jewish demographic.” With arms extended and flags waving, its members pray with their congregations for the peace of Jerusalem and the well-being of Israel.
In addition to events in places like New York, Florida, and Washington, DC, HILC leaders have also advocated across Latin America against anti-Semitism and for the Jewish state. For example, Orlando pastor Carlos Ortiz has joined advocates for Israel in Venezuela, Cuba, and Nicaragua. Nicaragua reestablished a diplomatic relationship with the Jewish state earlier this year after a seven-year ...
1
Kevin Spacey plays Frank Underwood in "House of Cards," the hit Netflix show. Netflix Neil Hunt, Netflix's chief product officer, has told Gizmodo that the service won't offer offline playback of content because it will create a "paradox of choice" that will leave some users "paralysed" and unable to use Netflix.
Speaking at IFA in Berlin, Hunt said that "one of the things I've learned is that every time you offer a choice [i.e. offline playback], you paralyse some people who can't decide if that's what they want to do or not."
Hunt took a dig at Amazon Prime stating that "[u]ndoubtedly it adds considerable complexity to your life with Amazon Prime - you have to remember that you want to download this thing. It's not going to be instant...and [I'm not sure] that it's worth providing that level of complexity."
Amazon, which runs Prime Instant Video, recently announced that it would make some content available offline, while Netflix has previously stated that the company will "never" offer offline playback.
While the reason for not allowing offline playback may seem anecdotal at best, Hunt claims that Netflix has lots of data about why adding more complexity won't work — even if users request it.
"We did an experiment with our five-star rating system, for instance; everybody said 'you've got to do half stars'... [When Netflix trialed it they] had 11 percent less ratings coming in," Hunt said. "[It was] just insane! We've plenty of cases where we've seen that happen."
Hunt argues that instead of users downloading content, the ability to stream content should be made more robust with better internet access in places such as hotels and planes. "I think Amazon is playing a good game of PR, but I'm not sure it's a good consumer experience," they said.
Amid their North American tour supporting Turn Blue, The Black Keys stopped by The Tonight Show last night. The bluesy garage rockers delivered a full-throttled performance of their new single “Gotta Get Away” in addition to a cover of Edwyn Collins' 1994 single “A Girl Like You” as a web exclusive. Replay both songs below.
Though Turn Blue was only released back in May, Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney are already planning their followup. The duo have their sights set on returning to the studio in January, which means they'll likely be writing a lot on the road, as their current tour schedule has them playing across the US and Canada through December. Take a lot at their full itinerary here, and keep an eye out for our upcoming review of their September 23rd show at Brooklyn's Barclays Center.
“Gotta Get Away”:
“A Girl Like You”:
Raw Whois Data
Domain Name: CLINTONEMAIL.COM Registry Domain ID: 1537310173_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.networksolutions.com Registrar URL: http://networksolutions.com Updated Date: 2017-12-31T21:55:19Z Creation Date: 2009-01-13T20:37:32Z Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2022-01-13T20:37:32Z Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC. Registrar IANA ID: 2 Reseller: Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited Registry Registrant ID: Registrant Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC Registrant Organization: Registrant Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West Registrant City: Jacksonville Registrant State/Province: FL Registrant Postal Code: 32258 Registrant Country: US Registrant Phone: +1.5707088780 Registrant Phone Ext: Registrant Fax: Registrant Fax Ext: Registrant Email: @networksolutionsprivateregistration.com Registry Admin ID: Admin Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC Admin Organization: Admin Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West Admin City: Jacksonville Admin State/Province: FL Admin Postal Code: 32258 Admin Country: US Admin Phone: +1.5707088780 Admin Phone Ext: Admin Fax: Admin Fax Ext: Admin Email: @networksolutionsprivateregistration.com Registry Tech ID: Tech Name: PERFECT PRIVACY, LLC Tech Organization: Tech Street: 12808 Gran Bay Parkway West Tech City: Jacksonville Tech State/Province: FL Tech Postal Code: 32258 Tech Country: US Tech Phone: +1.5707088780 Tech Phone Ext: Tech Fax: Tech Fax Ext: Tech Email: @networksolutionsprivateregistration.com Name Server: NS15.WORLDNIC.COM Name Server: NS16.WORLDNIC.COM DNSSEC: unsigned Registrar Abuse Contact Email: @web.com Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8003337680 URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/ >>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2019-02-15T02:11:04Z <<< For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https: //www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en This listing is a Network Solutions Private Registration. Mail correspondence to this address must be sent via USPS Express Mail(TM) or USPS Certified Mail(R); all other mail will not be processed. Be sure to include the registrant's domain name in the address. The data in Networksolutions.com's WHOIS database is provided to you by Networksolutions.com for information purposes only, that is, to assist you in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record. Networksolutions.com makes this information available "as is," and does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by telephone; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to Networksolutions.com (or its systems). The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Networksolutions.com. Networksolutions.com reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms. For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https: //www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
PROVO — Brigham Young University will purchase the current Provo High School property and grounds for $25 million, officials announced Tuesday.
The Provo City School District Board of Education voted to approve the sale of the 25 acres Tuesday morning. The decision was unanimous, according to the school district.
“Several interested and qualified buyers expressed interest in the property over the last several months,” Provo School Board President Julie Rash said in a statement. “We are confident that we have reached the best arrangement for the students of Provo High and the community.”
While the new Provo High School is under construction, BYU will lease the current school grounds and facility to the school district. Provo School District will be able to use the property rent-free for 30 months, as part of the agreement.
Photo: BYU
The new high school will be located at approximately 1300 N. Lakeshore Drive. Groundbreaking is scheduled for Wednesday at 4 p.m.
“Through these many decades, Provo High School has been a good neighbor to BYU,” BYU President Kevin J. Worthen said in a statement. “We wish the students, faculty and administration well as they carry on the traditions and achievements of Provo High in its new location.”
Before the sale is finalized, BYU will spend two months conducting geological and other studies on the property, according to the school district. That process is expected to be completed in June or July.
BYU has not yet decided on any long-term plans for the Provo High School property, according to the university.
Contributing: Alex Cabrero
×
Related Stories
BERLIN, Germany — NATO's first secretary-general, Lord Ismay, famously said the purpose of the alliance was to “keep the Russians out, the Americans in and the Germans down.”
Well, the Germans are well and truly up again and the Russians will drop by for talks with the NATO alliance when it meets this weekend in Lisbon to finalize its new 10-year “Strategic Concept."
That leaves the third challenge, keeping the Americans in — and it is one that is being discussed earnestly in Europe.
“We have to take it very seriously,” Hans-Friedrich von Ploetz, a German diplomat who worked on NATO's new strategy, told Der Spiegel magazine this week. “Americans are pragmatic … . For Americans, Europe is no longer the central point of reference. In opinion polls, only 20 percent of them hold a positive view of the alliance — a smaller figure than in any other NATO country. Europe has to take this into account.”
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization, by almost universal assessment, is the most successful strategic alliance in history. Set up in 1949 for the collective defense of Europe and the United States against the Soviet Union, its heart and soul, Article 5, guaranteed that an attack on one member was an attack on all.
Even after the Cold War ended, and many questioned its relevance, NATO adapted itself and expanded to incorporate many former eastern European nations.
Now, for the first time since 1999, it is officially updating its strategy — making Lisbon, in the words of Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen “one of the most important summits in NATO's history.”
But analysts say that while NATO is still useful and reassuring when it comes to European stability, there are serious question marks about what the 28 members actually want from it — particularly the U.S.
While the full details of the new Strategic Concept haven't yet been released, Rasmussen has already laid out an ambitious program to modernize the alliance by making it better able to cope with new challenges such as terrorism, cyber warfare and threats to energy security, while enabling it to work more closely with outside partners who are not NATO members.
Shortly before the summit began, Rasmussen told Britain's Daily Telegraph newspaper that NATO had to be prepared for expeditionary warfare beyond Afghanistan.
"Our core function will remain territorial defense of our populations," they said. "But we must realize that in the modern world we have to go beyond our borders to actually protect and defend our borders."
“This idea that it's a historic summit is ridiculous. I don't see this as anything more than a holding operation for NATO,” said Stephen Szabo, a European affairs expert and executive director of the Transatlantic Academy, a Washington think tank.
“I just came back from China,” they said. “Once you go out there you see that's where the U.S. is interested … Asia and the Pacific. We're talking about Australia as a special relationship rather than Britain.”
In fact the security issues in Asia are much more serious, they said.
“Their real challenge is China, not Russia or even Islamic terrorists,” they said. “And you really feel Europe is not really in the game on this.”
This feeling was echoed by Sven Biscop from the Royal Institute for International Relations, a think tank in Brussels. However, NATO might still be a way for the U.S. to steer policy in Europe, they said.
“But at the same time, I feel that NATO has become much less central to U.S. policy," Biscop continued. "If you go to Washington, you'll find easily that NATO is not number one on their list of priorities."
Clara O'Donnell, a research fellow at the Centre for European Reform, said there was “a lot of truth” to German diplomat von Ploetz's doubts about U.S. enthusiasm.
The United States knows that Europe is still its closest ally, they said. But America might not want to “stay fully engaged with NATO” if it means getting involved in “European neighborhood issues” such as the Balkans, especially if Europe doesn't want to help out on future expeditionary wars like Afghanistan.
“Afghanistan has frustrated a lot of people in Washington about working with the alliance,” O'Donnell said. “They felt they have had to invest a lot of time and energy trying to persuade allies to contribute more troops and the end result from an American perspective is that there are still not enough troops around.”
If the United States were to embark on another war on foreign soil, it might not bother going through NATO for help, they said. The simple fact was that western Europe had little stomach for expeditionary warfare. This makes the ambitious strategy to be outlined in Lisbon all the more implausible, O'Donnell said.
“They need to emphasize that for their own political credibility but that doesn't mean there is the political appetite for those sorts of operations,” they said.
O'Donnell likened the summit to “a surrealist play” in which everyone was ignoring the growing disparity between NATO's stated ambitions and the fact that European countries were dramatically slashing their defense budgets because they felt fundamentally safe — the latest terrorism warnings in Germany notwithstanding.
“They will paper over the cracks. But the two things that really need to be addressed are the two things that will be avoided. The first is that everyone has a different view about what NATO is for and the second is that no one has any money and no one wants to invest any resources. Those will be the two elephants in the room.
“The take home message would be: Don't disband it but don't use it.”
Ironically, the most conspicuous area where NATO could still be very useful is the one it was originally set up for: dealing with Moscow. Analysts agreed that Russian President Dmitry Medvedev's presence in Lisbon was a step forward, especially as it is likely to pave the way for a missile defense shield for Europe — something Russia has long opposed because it would weaken its nuclear deterrent.
While there has been some concern in Washington that Germany and France have been too cozy with Russia, the fact is that the European giants and the Obama administration are on the same page when it comes to improving relations with Russia, the Transatlantic Academy's Szabo said.
“In this respect, the U.S. likes NATO because it keeps them in the game,” they said.
On that score, von Ploetz offered an updated version of Lord Ismay's quip about the founding purpose of the alliance: “Today, Lord Ismay might have said: ‘We have to include the Russians in the alliance, if only to keep the Americans in.'”
Anyone who's ever seen a Mexican telenovela knows that Mexico's rich and powerful love being rich and powerful. But in the case of the mirreyes — a term used to describe the privileged children of Mexico's richest 1 percent — reality can be even more obnoxious than anything portrayed in the soap operas.
But don't take our word for it — see for yourself in this video produced to celebrate the high school graduating class of 2015 at Instituto Cumbres, an exclusive all-male private Catholic school in Mexico City.
It is unclear whether the school approved of or in anyway participated in the making of the video. Instituto Cumbres did not respond to Fusion's request for comment. Grupo Mann, the ad agency who produced the video, did not respond to Fusion's request for comment.
Watch the video here. Update March 28, 2015: the video has been made password protected.
Instituto Cumbres is run by the Legion of Christ, a controversial congregation that owns other schools and universities across Mexico. Until a few years ago, the religious organization was headed by the priest Marcial Maciel, whose 64-year tenure over the schools and legionaries included dozens of sexual abuse scandals.
Advertisement
Today, the school is making headlines of its own thanks to this video, which other Mexicans are decrying as sexist, degrading and generally abhorrent.
The social media backlash in Mexico has been swift and fierce:
Advertisement
“The Cumbres video is easy to laugh at until you remember one day these mirreyes will own Mexico.”
https://twitter.com/AR_NA_EZ/status/580754439071358976
“After seeing the Cumbres video, the only thing I ask is that someone conducts a vasectomy on these stupid fucks so they don't reproduce.”
Advertisement
“This is a case of privileged isolation,” Univision anchor and Mexican political pundit León Krauze told Fusion. “This video reeks of insensitivity, racism, classism and misogyny. There is no modern vice these kids don't cover with absolute impunity.”
“This is a byproduct of a larger phenomenon of glossy magazines and some newspaper supplements that cover Mexico's upper class and self-proclaimed aristocracy,” they said.
Mexican film and television critic Susana Moscatel said Cumbres' students have a tradition of hiring professional production agencies to shoot their videos in an effort to make them go viral on social media. But, they say, the students should be smarter about the kind of video they produce, because it's how they'll be remembered.
Advertisement
“What message do they want to send? Basically that they have loads of money. And that they couldn't care less about what any of us might think of them,” Moscatel wrote for Milenio Noticias. “It's a sinister and poetic spectacle from a group of teenagers that grew up with the idea that to flaunt is to be. The sad thing in all of this is that this is precisely the prototype of boys that will end up leading political parties and other organizations to continue partying.”
Even some former Cumbres students are cringing.
“I saw the 2010 graduation video, and I thought to myself what the fuck is wrong with our upper class society,” said Jack Heather, a Mexican-American student who studied a year at Cumbres high school. “These clowns where dancing to a Backstreet Boys soundtrack and throwing 500 peso bills in the air."
Advertisement
Heather added, “Mexican mirreyes are only interested in showing who has the better car, the better house, or the better table at the club. Not all rich kids behave that way, but those who are still decent seem more and more like minority in Mexico.”
So what exactly is a mirrey? Ricardo Raphael, author of the book Mirreynato, defines a mirrey as the offspring of super wealthy and powerful politicians or business people who have a daily family income of around $56,000. “The mirrey is an ostentatious character in a country of inequality,” Raphael writes in their book.
They qualify the mirrey as a dangerous role model for Mexico's youth. “They start seeing the mirreyes as a role model on how to speak, behave, relate, discriminate, even vex and harm, and from that logic they believe that if they behave like them they will have the same benefits mirreyes have,” they warned.
Advertisement
The mirrey is not a phenomenon that is exclusive of Mexico. But in a country where inequality and impunity run deep — and more than half the population lacks the resources to cover its basic needs— inflammatory provocations such as this video pack an even sharper sting.
Police at the scene of the shooting attack in Tel Aviv, June 8, 2016.
Four people were killed and six others were wounded in a shooting attack at a food and shopping center in Tel Aviv on Wednesday, after two Palestinian gunmen opened fire on passersby. Netanyahu called a security briefing in Tel Aviv.
All of the wounded were evacuated to nearby hospitals. One of the shooters was captured by police and taken in for questioning, and the other was taken to Ichilov Hospital in serious but stable condition.
Click here to subscribe to Haaretz.com
Five of wounded have been evacuated to Tel Aviv's Ichilov Hospital and another was taken to Sheba Medical Center, Tel Hashomer. Three are in moderate condition after they underwent surgery and two are in light condition. The casualty at Sheba is in moderate condition.
The scene of a shooting in food and retail center Sarona Market, Tel Aviv, Israel, June 8, 2016. Haaretz
The scene of a shooting at food and retail center Sarona Market, Tel Aviv, Israel, June 8, 2016. Maya Asheri
Police said they had no prior knowledge of the two Palestinian attackers, who entered Israel illegally. Palestinian sources said the attackers were members of the same family and are from the Hebron area.
The attack took place at Sarona Market, an upscale food and retail center located opposite to the military headquarters in central Tel Aviv and near government buildings. Police said they received a call at 9:30 P.M. regarding shootings heard at Sarona. As emergency forces were making their way to the scene, there was another of a shooting incident at near the food and shopping center.
According to initial reports, two armed men dressed in suits opened fire at passersby near the Benedict restaurant. A shooter then reportedly opened fire at the nearby Ha'arbaa Street, where they were eventually captured by police.
Police at the scene of the shooting in Sarona Market, Tel Aviv, Israel, June 8, 2016. Haaretz
The scene of a shooting at food and retail center Sarona Market, Tel Aviv, Israel, June 8, 2016. Maya Asheri
skip - Police officer shoots one of the attackers in Tel Aviv.
Police officer shoots one of the attackers in Tel Aviv.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Tel Aviv district police chief Moshe Edri said there was no prior terror alert before the shooting occurred and there was no information about an additional terrorist at large.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu landed at Ben-Gurion International Airport from Moscow soon after the shooting and headed straight to the Defense Ministry near the shooting for consultations with Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, Police chief Roni Alsheich, Shin Bet head Nadav Argaman and other officials.
skip - Sarona Market
U.S. State Department spokesperson Mark Toner condemned the "horrific terrorist attack" in a statement, saying "cowardly attacks against innocent civilians can never be justified."
"This is a very difficult night for Tel Aviv-Jaffa," said Mayor Ron Huldai as they arrived at Ichilov Hospital. "Again, we have an incident in which terrorists, apparently after sitting at a café, took out their guns and fired indiscriminately.
"Tel Aviv-Jaffa has been for years a target for terrorism, trying to disrupt our lives," Huldai added. "Terrorism will not overpower us and I suggest to all of us to strive for peace. Security forces are still in the field and the investigation continues. I ask everyone to follow the reports in the media and tomorrow to return to life as usual."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday directing a review of a controversial Obama-era water rule that gave the federal government broad regulatory authority over rivers, streams and wetlands.
The order was among several items, including two bills, Trump signed Tuesday ahead of their address to a joint session of Congress.
The regulation Trump targeted is known as the "waters of the United States" rule. Covering 60 percent of U.S. waterways, it included smaller creeks, wetlands and other water bodies for protection under the Clean Water Act -- but was met with resistance from property owners, farmers and others.
A senior White House official said the problem with the rule is that it "vastly expands jurisdiction into state and local areas and vastly expands federal jurisdiction over state waters. "
Trump's order instructs the Environmental Protection Agency and Army Corps of Engineers to review it.
At the signing, Trump also cited its impact on jobs.
“We're going to free up our country and it's going to be done in a very environmental and positive environmental way, I will tell you that,” Trump said Tuesday. “[We will] create millions of jobs, so many jobs are delayed for so many years that it's unfair to everybody.”
Congressional Republicans, who have tried to repeal the water rule, cheered the order Tuesday.
"I welcome President Trump's review of this rule and hope it will be repealed once and for all. The livelihoods of America's farmers, ranchers, and cattlemen are at stake,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement.
Trump's order asks the EPA and Army Corps to look specifically at a 2006 opinion by the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the jurisdictional scope of the Clean Water Act. Scalia wrote a plurality opinion in a split decision – an opinion that would have reduced the scope of the act by defining “waters of the United States” as covering only permanent, standing or continuous flowing bodies of water.
Democrats and environmental groups say the rule safeguards clean drinking water and clarifies confusion over which wetlands and streams are protected, amid uncertainty surrounding two Supreme Court rulings on the subject.
The order also instructs the attorney general to suspend ongoing court action in response to a number of legal challenges against the rule. The Ohio-based Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals had stayed the rule, thereby putting it on hold.
Also Tuesday, Trump signed an order moving the HBCU (Historically Black College and Universities) offices back from the Department of Education to the White House – which the administration says will allow the HBCU to be a partner in Trump's agenda of creating jobs and making inner cities safe.
They also signed the “Inspire Act” – which encourages NASA to have women participating in science, technology, engineering and mathematics and to pursue careers in those areas, and another bill promoting women in entrepreneurship. That bill encourages the National Science Foundation to use existing programs to improve and support employment of women.
The Associated Press and Fox News' Lesa Jansen contributed to this report.
MITCHELL Johnson has retired from all forms of international cricket.
The Australian paceman announced their decision to teammates before the fifth day of the Perth Test against New Zealand.
Johnson will retire as Australia's fourth-highest Test wicket taker (311), behind only Shane Warne (708), Glenn McGrath (563) and Dennis Lillee (355).
They rank 25th among Test wicket-takers from all nations.
MITCHELL JOHNSON'S SEVEN GREATEST TEST PERFORMANCES
“I feel now is the best time to say goodbye,” Johnson said in a release.
“I have been lucky enough to have had a wonderful career and enjoyed every moment of playing for my country. It's been an incredible ride.
Mitchell Johnson arrives for day five of the second Test - their farewell to Australian cricket. Source: Getty Images
“But the ride has to come to an end at some point and to do so here at the WACA is very special.
“I've given the decision a lot of thought. Beyond this match, I'm just not sure that I can continue competing consistently at the level required to wear the Baggy Green.”
In their exclusive column for foxsports.com.au in October, Johnson revealed they pondered retirement after this year's Ashes defeat in England.
“When I was back in Perth and watching the Matador Cup on TV, I saw a few of the young guys doing well and it actually made me reflect on a where I'm at in my career,” Johnson wrote at the time.
A legend: Retiring Australian fast-bowler Mitchell Johnson. Source: AP
“I went for a run, really pushed myself hard and in a way it made me realise that I still had the fire to continue competing.
“I was definitely questioning myself after the Ashes series, especially having seen so many guys that I've played cricket with pull up stumps.
“I've spoken to past players about what they felt when they retired, guys like Ricky Ponting and Mike Hussey, and they say you'll just know when the time is right. Physically you can still manage the workload, but it's the mental side of things that ends up catching with you.”
Johnson has endured a taxing year in the Test arena including away series on unhelpful surfaces in the UAE and India and an ash in which they managed 15 wickets at 34.93.
Entering the fifth day at the WACA Ground, Johnson had taken five wickets at 64.00 against New Zealand this series.
Mitchell Johnson of Australia poses with the Ashes Urn. Source: Getty Images
Cricket Australia Chairman David Peever said: “Dennis Lillee was certainly right many years ago when they identified a young Mitchell Johnson as a future great of Australian cricket.
“In many ways the sight of Mitchell as a moustached tearaway conjured memories of Lillee at their peak, not just in appearance, but for some of the most devastating fast bowling ever produced by an Australian.
“There have been countless highlights, but no one will ever forget their incredible performance in the 2013-14 Ashes when they took that series by storm, only to repeat those efforts soon after in the history-making win over South Africa in South Africa.
“I am sure there are many batsmen around the world breathing a sigh of relief right now, knowing that they no longer have to face him.
“He leaves the game as one of our all-time great bowlers and as an excellent example to young Australians about what they can achieve through hard work and dedication to their chosen craft.
Johnson is one of only two players worldwide to have won the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy as the international cricketer of the year twice (2009 and 2014). Ricky Pointing is the other.
Johnson also won the 2014 Allan Border Medal.
Mitchell Johnson during a dominant home Ashes series against England. Source: Getty Images
Johnson's Test career was one of extremes.
At their best, they were unplayable. At their worst, they were unwatchable.
After suffering a series of back stress fractures early in their career, Johnson considered quitting cricket, moving back to their hometown of Townsville and driving a plumbing van.
Queensland teammates convinced them to commit to cricket - and the results were stunning.
During the 2009 Sobers Trophy voting period, Johnson claimed 80 wickets at 27.07 in 17 Tests. That included three five-wicket hauls as well as career-best match figures of 11-159 against South Africa at the WACA Ground in December 2008.
But dark clouds were gathering. Injuries, technical issues and crises of confidence blighted Johnson's 2009 Ashes tour and prompted questions as to whether they had a future in the Test arena.
Johnson, himself, admitted they considered retiring from cricket during this period.
They persisted - and slowly built themselves into an international force once again.
The Sobers Medal voting period for 2014 was undoubtedly their career highlight, headlined by an Ashes campaign in which they claimed 37 wickets at the almost unbelievable average 13.97.
“My career has certainly had its up and downs but I can honestly say I have given it my all and am proud of everything I have achieved,” Johnson said. “To win an Ashes series and a Cricket World Cup is something I will treasure forever.
“My family have been by my side throughout and I could not have achieved all I have without their support. They have made a lot of sacrifices, especially my beautiful wife Jess who has provided me with unconditional support, and I am incredibly grateful for that.
“They say the greatest thing about playing sport is the friends you make along the way and I have been fortunate enough to play and work with some incredible people and have cemented lifelong friendships.
“I would certainly like to thank the people of Australia, and all those around the world, who have supported me. The encouragement I have received has been extremely humbling and playing in front of them is certainly something I will miss.”
It was, in the opinion of the students, too hot to play rugby.
On an abnormally blistering early-May day, volunteers from the Sarnia Saints rugby organization were at St. Anne Catholic School to introduce the students to the sport as part of its ongoing focus of growing rugby at the grassroots level. Because of the sweaty conditions last week, the students initially asked if they could skip the session and stay in the temperature-controlled classroom. But their collective attitudes quickly changed, recalled Saints' youth director Melissa Parker.
“By the end of it they were begging to keep going for the afternoon,” they said. “That was really nice to see.”
Among the volunteers the club has been sending to local schools are two English imports, Kurtis Knightley and Laurie Dobbin, who are visiting Sarnia this summer from Essex where they play for the Epping Upper Clapton club. The pair were at P.E. McGibbon Public School Thursday.
Sessions typically last around one hour, with the intent to have the students handle the ball and learn the basics of flag rugby.
“It has been an absolute hit. We are getting raving reviews from teachers and principals,” said Parker, a supply teacher with both local school boards. “Principals are e-mailing us and asking, ‘When can you come back? Because the kids absolutely love it.'”
A third import, Sarah Bradley, will be arriving later this month from Dorset, England where they play for the Oakmeadians RFC. Bradley will be attending Lambton County schools, too.
The trio of imports will be playing for the Saints' senior teams this season.
As part of the grassroots initiative, the Saints have run the in-school program, week-long summer skills camps for youth, and ‘Try Rugby' days – get it? – but new this year is a non-contact, in-house flag program for the U8, U10 and U12 age groups. Called Kick-Off Rookie Rugby, it will be a different style of game than contact, with an emphasis on ball handling, aversion, and teamwork. Sarnia's organization is following the Rugby Ontario kick-start program's concept of instilling the basics in new players.
“To have them understand what it means to play rugby, to be able to move and enjoy the sport,” Parker explained. “Because kids often haven't been exposed to it, those kids that aren't as athletic or have not had sporting opportunities, they find themselves engaged and enjoying it because they're at the same learning level.”
The program coincides with a Rugby Canada initiative to promote the sport from the ground up. The national organization is piloting Rookie Rugby in a number of cities this summer. Sarnia, however, did not receive inclusion into this pilot project, so the Saints will instead run their own version of it. Differences will be minimal outside of the moniker.
It is an in-house program, but depending on the number of registrants there may be rugby festivals against other clubs.
Also returning this summer are the U18 boys and girls leagues, essentially a continuation of the high school season, beginning at the end of May. Last year the club had over 40 boys and 20 girls participate.
“We're hoping to have a lot more girls this year as the program grows,” said Parker, the coach of the junior and senior girls St. Pat's Fighting Irish high school sides.
The U18 program is 15-a-side, full-contact, rugby union rules. While they are competitive travel teams, all local players are welcome to participate.
Prior to the Saints senior men's and women's home openers May 23 at Norm Perry Park, there will be an open house to promote the kick-start youth program and additional information available on the U18 league from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
The new youth flag program is $100 for 10 weeks, starting June 6. For more information or to register, contact Parker at saintsjuniorwomen@gmail.com, or visit the Saints' website sarniarugby.com.
terry.bridge@sunmedia.ca
@ObserverTerry
This article is over 6 years old
• René Girard says Arsenal lead chase for striker • Giroud's transfer fee thought to be around £13m
Arsenal are closing in on the France striker Olivier Giroud, according to their club Montpellier.
Giroud, who is part of Laurent Blanc's Euro 2012 squad, is thought to command a fee in the region of £13m.
The 25-year-old scored 25 goals last season to help Montpellier win the Ligue 1 title, igniting the interest of several top clubs.
But the Montpellier manager, René Girard, insists it is the Gunners manager Arsène Wenger who is leading the chase.
"Arsenal are very interested and Giroud wants to play in England, if Arsène agrees with the president, they will sign for them," Girard told the French radio station RMC.
Giroud is to consider their future after Euro 2012 with Arsenal the favourites to make their second signing of the summer following the acquisition of the Germany marksman Lukas Podolski.
With three candidates in the running for President of the United States in the Democratic Party, former US Secretary of State and former New York Senator Hillary Clinton, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, a Democratic debate was held on CBS-TV last night.
Just one day before the scheduled debate, major terror attacks occurred in France, killing well over 100 people. The debate, which was supposed be on economics, starts out instead with a moment of silence and a period of discussion about the attacks and the political circumstances surrounding them.
Host John Dickerson probes Bernie Sanders after the fresh terror attacks to backtrack on their climate change priority.
JOHN DICKERSON: In the previous date you said the greatest threat to national security was climate change. Do you still believe that?
BERNIE SANDERS: Absolutely. In fact, climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism…
Sanders then moves on to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
BERNIE SANDERS: I would argue that the disastrous invasion of Iraq, something that I strongly opposed, has unraveled the region completely, and led to the rise of Al Qaeda and to ISIS. Now, in fact, what we have got to do, and I think there is widespread agreement here, cause the United States cannot do it alone — what we need to do is lead an international coalition which includes, very significantly, the Muslim nations in that region are gonna have to fight and defend their way of life…
John Dickerson then prods Bernie Sanders to make a personal “direct link” between Hillary Clinton's vote in the Senate for the 2003 Iraq invasion. They respond:
BERNIE SANDERS: I don't think any sensible person would disagree that the invasion of Iraq led to the massive level of instability we are seeing right now. I think that was one of the worst foreign policy plunders in the modern history of the United States.
Given an open opportunity to respond, Hillary Clinton broadens the discussion beyond the Iraq war, and cites terror attacks going back years earlier.
HILLARY CLINTON: I think it's important we put this in a historic context. United States has unfortunately been victimized by terrorism going back decades. In the 1980's it was in Beirut, Lebanon under President Reagan's administration and 258 Americans, marines, embassy personnel and others were murdered.
We also had attacks on two of our embassies in Tanzania and Kenya when my husband was president. Again, Americans murdered. And then of course 9/11 happened which happened before there was an invasion of Iraq. I have said the invasion of Iraq was a mistake. But I think if we're ever gonna really tackle the problems posed by jihadi extreme terrorism we need to understand it and realize that it has antecedents to what happened in Iraq and we have to continue to be vigilant about it.
Baited again to criticize Hillary Clinton and their work when they were Secretary of State, Bernie Sanders responds by broadening the topic further:
BERNIE SANDERS: I think we have a disagreement. And the disagreement is that not only did I vote against the war in Iraq, if you look at history, John, you will find that regime change, whether it was in the early 50's in Iran, whether it was toppling Salvador Allende in Chile, whether it was overthrowing the government Guatemala way back when, these invasions, these toppling of governments, regime changes have unintended consequences. I would say that on this issue I'm a little bit more conservative than the secretary in that I am not a great fan of regime change.
Martin O'Malley squeezes in to suggest where things should go from here.
MARTIN O'MALLEY: It was not just the invasion of Iraq which Secretary Clinton voted for and has since said was a big mistake, and, indeed, it was.
But it was also the cascading effects that followed that. It was also the disbanding of many elements of the Iraqi army that are now showing up as part of ISIS. It was country after country without making the investment in human intelligence to understand who the new leaders were and the new forces were that are coming up.
We need to be much more far thinking in this new twenty-first century era of nation state failures and conflict. It's not just about getting rid of a single dictator. It is about understanding the secondary and third consequences that fall next.
Bernie Sanders then suggests that other countries, Muslim nations, become more involved in fighting for the “soul of Islam.” Hillary Clinton finds the inclusion of Jordan in Bernie's list to be “very unfair” because it has “put a lot on the line to the United States … [and took] in hundreds of thousands of refugees from Syria and has been therefore subjected to threats and attacks — by extremists themselves.” Sanders and Clinton both agree that the situation is complicated.
Beyond the urgent need to discuss terror and the middle east, most of the debate was strikingly similar to the prior Democratic debate. Here is the entire debate. Start eight minutes in to see the above exchanges.
Ben Kuhn makes some reasonable criticisms of the Effective Altruism movement. Their central claim is that in the dichotomy of ‘really trying' vs. ‘pretending to try', EAs ‘pretend to really try'.
To be explicit, I understand these terms as follows:
‘Really trying': directing all of your effort toward actions that you believe have the highest expected value in terms of the relevant goals
‘Pretending to try‘: choosing actions with the intention of giving observers the impression that you are trying.
‘Pretending to really try‘: choosing actions with the intention of giving observers the impression that you are trying, where the observers' standards for identifying ‘trying' are geared toward a ‘really trying' model. e.g. they ask whether you are really putting in effort, and whether you are doing what should have the highest expected value from your point of view.
Note the normative connotations. ‘Really trying' is good, ‘pretending to try' is not, and ‘pretending to really try' is hypocritical, so better than being straight out bad, but sullied by the inconsistency.
I claim Effective Altruism should not shy away from pretending to try. It should strive to pretend to really try more convincingly, rather than striving to really try.
Why is this? Because Effective Altruism is a community, and the thing communities do well is modulating individual behavior through interactions with others in the community. Most actions a person takes as a result of being part of a community are pretty much going to be ‘pretending to try' by construction. And such actions are worth having. If they are discouraged, the alternative will not be really trying. And pretending to try well is almost as good as really trying anyway.
Actions taken as a result of being in a community will be selected for being visible, because visible actions are the ones you will be able to pick up from others in the community. This doesn't necessarily mean you are only pretending to try – it will just happen to look like pretending to try. But actions will also probably be visible, because by assumption you are driven to act in part by your community membership, and most ways such motivation can happen involve a possibility of others in the community being aware of your actions.
Many actions actions in communities are chosen because others are doing them, or others will approve of them, or because that's what it seemed like a good community member would do, not because they were calculated to be best. And these dynamics help communities work and achieve their goals.
Of course people who were really trying would do better than those who were only pretending to try. As long as they could determine what a person who was pretending would do, a person who really tries could just copy them where it is useful to have pretending-to-try type behaviors. But there is no option to make everyone into such zealous tryers that they can do as well as the effective altruism movement without the social motivations. The available options are just those of what to encourage and what to criticize. And people who are pretending to really try are hugely valuable, and should not be shamed and discouraged away.
A community of people not motivated by others seeing and appreciating their behavior, not concerned for whether they look like a real community member, and not modeling their behavior on the visible aspects of others' behavior in the community would generally not be much of a community, and I think would do less well at pursuing their shared goals.
I don't mean to say that ‘really trying' is bad, or not a good goal for an individual person. But it is a hard goal for a community to usefully and truthfully have for many of its members, when so much of its power relies on people watching their neighbors and working to fit in. ‘Really trying' is also a very hard thing to encourage others to do. If people heed your call to ‘really try' and do the ‘really trying' things you suggest, this will have been motivated by your criticisms, so seems more like a better quality of pretending to really try, than really trying itself. Unless your social pressure somehow pressured them to stop being motivated by social pressure.
I also fear that pretending to try, to various extents, is underestimated because we like to judge other people for their motives. A dedicated pretender, who feels socially compelled to integrate cutting edge behavioral recommendations into their pretense can be consequentially very valuable, regardless of their virtue on ethical accounts.
So I have argued that pretending to try is both inevitable and useful for communities. I think also that pretending to really try can do almost as well as really trying, as long as someone puts enough effort into identifying chinks in the mask. In the past, people could pretend to try just by giving some money to charity; but after it has been pointed out enough times that this won't achieve their purported goals, they have to pick up their act if they want anyone (themselves included) to believe they are trying. I think a lot of progress can come from improving the requirements one must meet to look like one is trying. This means pointing out concrete things that ‘really trying' people would be doing, and it hopefully leads to pretending to really try, and then pretending to really really try. Honing the pretense, and making sure everyone knows what the current standards are, are important goals in a community with goals that might be forgotten if we undervalue pretending to really try.
August 17, 2008
Dear Jeffrey,
We appreciate your interest in the Animation Program; however, we regret to inform you that you have not been accepted. We have limited spaces within the program and wish to fill them with people who have real skill. We're sorry to be the ones to bring this absolute lack of talent to your attention, but know that your family and friends are weak and too afraid to bruise your frail ego and tell you what they really think. This is entirely your own fault. They may have seen your work and expressed approval. But you should have noticed the slight pause as they assessed whether it was not more beneficial to tell you the truth before they answered. And why were you too dim to see the way they refused to peer at your work for more than a few seconds? Had it been as beautiful as they said, they would have stared at it for long, long hours, pondering the theme and lauding over its sensitivity, the way they would with real art. Instead, their eyes darted to other objects in the room, the light fixture, the table… the door (how they must have yearned for an escape). You should have seen this coming.
We wish wholeheartedly that you could have been there as we reviewed your portfolio and (literally) tore it to pieces. We wish you could have seen us as we laughed, mocking your crude linework, and concept of space and form. As we pretended to draw like you would, our brows furrowed, hands pawing the pencil like a cripple, scribbling stick-men and pausing to make grunting noises until we toppled from our chairs in painful, spasmodic laughter.
If you still wish to have a career in the Animation industry, may we suggest the janitorial services path? Cleaning offices and mopping floors may be your only entry into this sphere.
Normally, we say “better luck next time”, but may we suggest that there not be a next time? Instead, focus on your ability to polish door knobs, and make toilets shine with the reflections of the animators as they use them.
Regards, and thanks for the laughs,
The Animation Program Portfolio Review Committee
P.S. Do not come pick up your portfolio. It has been burned.
Advertisements
Police are looking for a serial rapist who may be targeting sorority alumnae in at least three North Texas cities, where at least four women have been attacked in their homes by a man who reportedly claimed they knew personal details about their victims.
The victims, all members of the predominantly black Delta Sigma Theta sorority, were in their mid-50s to mid-60s and all were attacked late at night in their homes, according to police. It is unclear if the women knew each other.
The attacks took place in the northern Texas cities of Plano, Coppell and Corinth, which are all within 40 miles of Dallas. The most recent assault occurred Friday night. The first attack occurred in November 2010.
During each incident, the assailant revealed that they knew personal information about their victims.
In its most recent statement on the attacks released Monday, the Delta Sigma Theta sorority's national headquarters urged its Dallas-area members to take a variety of safety steps. They include removing sorority gear from their vehicles, homes and offices, and not wearing any clothes or accessories that may identify them with the group.
Members were also advised to avoid being alone or posting information about their day-to-day activities on social networking sites.
The suspect, who police believe to have caught on a surveillance video, is described as a black male, in their late 30s to mid-40s, who may be up to six feet tall and weigh as much as 300 lbs. They may have a thin, trimmed beard with a short haircut, possibly with a receding hairline.
"To think that our members are being targeted is disturbing and extremely disheartening," said Cynthia M. A. Butler-McIntyre, the sorority's national president, in the statement. "Until the individual responsible for these crimes is brought to justice, we will continue to remain in close communication with one another and law enforcement officials in the respective jurisdictions."
Plano police are asking anyone with information about the case to call 927-941-2148 or the Colin County Crime Stoppers at 877-373-8477.
Click for more on this story from MyFoxDFW.com.
Newscore contributed to this report.
Iowa's one-room country schools were feeling pinched in the late 1940s when the Legislature began reorganizing the state educational system.
One teacher once taught up to eight grades in a single small school house, but changing state regulations promoting the advantages of consolidated schools made that practice obsolete. In addition, young teachers coming out of school wanted no part of the janitor work that accompanied the one-room school job.
College Township in Linn County was no exception.
Nine one-room schools dotted the township in 1950, educating about 180 students. Another 145 grade-school kids who could not fit in the small schools and who lived closest to Cedar Rapids were bused to that city's schools, which cost the township $25,000 each year.
The College Township board wanted to consolidate with the Cedar Rapids school district, but Cedar Rapids wasn't interested — at least, not until the Central Iowa Power Cooperative's Prairie Creek generating station was erected.
By then, the township's board members had decided to build their own school, and with the power station accounting for half the township's tax base, they had the means to do so.
The bond issue to build a new central elementary school for $376,000 was put to a vote on Jan. 19, 1951. It lost by 7 votes, but the township immediately rescheduled another vote and began an extensive education campaign.
The next school bond election on Feb. 27 passed. The R.W. Rinderknecht Co. of Cedar Rapids was contractor for the new building.
The school district's first superintendent, Sam Wiley, arrived in the summer of 1952. Their first view was of a graded site for an elementary school. One of their duties was to carry water in a pickup truck to the one-room schools in the district.
When it opened in September 1953, the new College Township Elementary School had 11 teachers and a superintendent under one roof. Each teacher taught one grade instead of multiple grades. The students also had music and art classes and a hot lunch program, benefits they never had before.
Walter A. Shupp, superintendent of Linn County schools in 1953, said, “In the last two years, the number of tiny rural schools has dropped from 109 to 47. Next fall, there will be only 27 elementary schools opening in Linn County, not counting Cedar Rapids.”
The consolidation would have gone faster if not for the reluctance of rural parents to send their children to school farther away from home.
College Township Elementary opened its doors on Monday, Sept. 7, 1953, to 300 kindergarten through eighth grade students. The one-story building designed by Cedar Rapids architect W.J. Brown was 326 feet long and 70 feet wide. In addition to its 12 classrooms, it had an 83-by-40-foot multipurpose room with a curtained stage and a basketball court that could also be used for serving lunches.
Ninth through 12th-graders were sent to Wilson High School in Cedar Rapids. Tuition for those 70 upper grade kids amounted to more than $30,000 a year.
When the Cedar Rapids district announced that it was planning on not accepting tuition students in the near future, it didn't take long for the College Township school directors to begin planning for a new high school.
The Fairfax, Ely and College Township schools were merged in 1954 to form the College Community School District.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT NEWS AND SPORTS The day's top stories right in your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
A 40-acre tract a quarter-mile west of the College Township Elementary building was purchased from Gilbert Morningstar for $30,000. Voters approved the construction of a 12-classroom high school on Feb. 8, 1955.
In April, “Prairie High” was chosen as the official name of the new school from a contest-winning essay written by Kathleen Booth, a College Community seventh-grader. The school was built in 1956 for about $475,000, but it was not ready for students in the fall. Space was arranged in the Fairfax, College and Ely school buildings until rooms were available at Prairie High.
“All high school classes and kindergarten classes will be held in the College Township building,” Wiley said.
In its first year, 1957, the building held seventh through 10th-graders. 11th and 12th grades were added in the next two years. Music classes for all grades in 1957 were held in the original Center School, a quarter-mile east of the new elementary.
Already in 1958 an addition was proposed to the elementary to add six more classrooms and a music area. An increase in housing in the Lincoln Way village south of Cedar Rapids led the school board to consider more buildings at the district's main campus instead of adding to the Fairfax and Ely sites. At that point students from Johnson County had been added to College Community's population.
More schools were added to the campus in 1961 (junior high); Prairie Intermediate (1962); and Prairie View (1972, when the schools in Swisher, Shueyville, Ely and Fairfax finally closed). In 1989, the junior high became Prairie Middle School. In 1993, the original elementary was renamed Prairie Heights and Prairie Crest became the new name of Prairie Intermediate. In 1996, Prairie Oaks/Prairie Edge was added.
In 2003, the Prairie Ridge elementary opened. In 2008, Prairie Middle became Prairie Creek Intermediate and a new Prairie Point Middle School & Ninth Grade Academy was added.
The fifth College Community School District elementary, Prairie Hill, opened in 2013.
In the end, the nine one-room schools consolidated into the College Community School District became nine schools on the College Community School District campus.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT
Today, about 5,500 students from Linn, Johnson and Benton counties attend the district's schools on a 500-acre site.
This article is about human-made stone mounds. For the Australian city, see Cairns . For other uses, see Cairn (disambiguation)
"Rock pile" redirects here. For other uses, see rockpile (disambiguation)
Switzerland A cairn marking a mountain summit in Graubünden
A cairn is a human-made pile (or stack) of stones. The word cairn comes from the Scottish Gaelic: càrn [ˈkʰaːrˠn̪ˠ] (plural càirn [ˈkʰaːrˠɲ]).[1]
Cairns have been and are used for a broad variety of purposes, from prehistoric times to the present.
In modern times, cairns are often erected as landmarks, a use they have had since ancient times. However, since prehistory, they have also been built and used as burial monuments; for defense and hunting; for ceremonial purposes, sometimes relating to astronomy; to locate buried items, such as caches of food or objects; and to mark trails, among other purposes.
Cairn at the boundary of Counties Durham and Northumberland UK
Cairns are used as trail markers in many parts of the world, in uplands, on moorland, on mountaintops, near waterways and on sea cliffs, as well as in barren deserts and tundra. They vary in size from small stone markers to entire artificial hills, and in complexity from loose conical rock piles to delicately balanced sculptures and elaborate feats of megalithic engineering. Cairns may be painted or otherwise decorated, whether for increased visibility or for religious reasons. An ancient example is the inuksuk (plural inuksuit), used by the Inuit, Inupiat, Kalaallit, Yupik, and other peoples of the Arctic region of North America. Inuksuit are found from Alaska to Greenland. This region, above the Arctic Circle, is dominated by the tundra biome and has areas with few natural landmarks.
Modern cairns [ edit ]
Different types of cairns exist from rough piles of stones to interlocking dry stone round cylinders. The most important cairns commonly used around the world are interlocking stone survey cairns constructed around a central survey mark about every 30 km on the tallest peaks across a nation. These physical survey mark cairn systems are the basis for national survey grids to interconnect individual land survey measurements for entire nations. On occasion these permanent interlocking stone cairns are taken down then reconstructed to re-mark measurements to increase the accuracy of the national survey grid. They can also be used in unpopulated countries as emergency location points. In North America and Northern Europe any type of cairn can be used to mark mountain bike and hiking trails and other cross-country trail blazing, especially in mountain regions at or above the tree line. For example, the extensive trail network maintained by the DNT, the Norwegian Trekking Association, extensively uses cairns in conjunction with T-painted rock faces to mark trails. Other examples of these can be seen in the lava fields of Volcanoes National Park to mark several hikes.[2] Placed at regular intervals, a series of cairns can be used to indicate a path across stony or barren terrain, even across glaciers. Such cairns are often placed at junctions or in places where the trail direction is not obvious. They may also be used to indicate an obscured danger such as a sudden drop, or a noteworthy point such as the summit of a mountain. Most trail cairns are small, usually being a foot or less in height. However, they may be built taller so as to protrude through a layer of snow. Hikers passing by often add a stone, as a small bit of maintenance to counteract the erosive effects of severe weather. North American trail marks are sometimes called "ducks" or "duckies", because they sometimes have a "beak" pointing in the direction of the route. The expression "two rocks do not make a duck" reminds hikers that just one rock resting upon another could be the result of accident or nature rather than intentional trail marking.
The building of cairns for recreational purposes along trails, to mark one's personal passage through the area, can result in an overabundance of rock piles. This distracts from cairns used as genuine navigational guides, and also conflicts with the Leave No Trace ethic. This ethic of outdoor practice advocates for leaving the outdoors undisturbed and in its natural condition.
Coastal cairns, or "seamarks", are also common in the northern latitudes, especially in the island-strewn waters of Scandinavia and eastern Canada. Often indicated on navigation charts, they may be painted white or lit as beacons for greater visibility offshore.
Modern cairns may also be erected for historical or memorial commemoration or simply for decorative or artistic reasons. One example is a series of many cairns marking British soldiers' mass graves at the site of the Battle of Isandlwana, South Africa. Another is the Matthew Flinders Cairn on the side of Arthur's Seat, a small mountain on the shores of Port Phillip Bay, Australia. A large cairn, commonly referred to as "the igloo" by the locals, was built atop a hill next to the I-476 highway in Radnor, Pennsylvania and is a part of a series of large rock sculptures initiated in 1988 to symbolize the township's Welsh heritage and to beautify the visual imagery along the highway.[3] Some are merely places where farmers have collected stones removed from a field. These can be seen in the Catskill Mountains, North America where there is a strong Scottish heritage, and may also represent places where livestock were lost. In locales exhibiting fantastic rock formations, such as the Grand Canyon, tourists often construct simple cairns in reverence of the larger counterparts.[4] By contrast, cairns may have a strong aesthetic purpose, for example in the art of Andy Goldsworthy.
Illegal construction [ edit ]
Norwegian authorities said in 2015 that illegal cairns are being built each year, to a large degree by tourists to Norway; part of the problem is that individual stones are being removed from registered- and unregistered kulturminner (e.g., historical monuments).[5]
History [ edit ]
Europe [ edit ]
The building of cairns for various purposes goes back into prehistory in Eurasia, ranging in size from small rock sculptures to substantial human-made hills of stone (some built on top of larger, natural hills). The latter are often relatively massive Bronze Age or earlier structures which, like kistvaens and dolmens, frequently contain burials; they are comparable to tumuli (kurgans), but of stone construction instead of earthworks. Cairn originally could more broadly refer to various types of hills and natural stone piles, but today is used exclusively of artificial ones.
The word cairn derives from Scots cairn (with the same meaning), in turn from Scottish Gaelic càrn, which is essentially the same as the corresponding words in other native Celtic languages of Britain, Ireland and Brittany, including Welsh carn (and carnedd), Breton karn, Irish carn, and Cornish karn or carn. Cornwall (Kernow) itself may actually be named after the cairns that dot its landscape, such as Cornwall's highest point, Brown Willy Summit Cairn, a 5 m (16 ft) high and 24 m (79 ft) diameter mound atop Brown Willy hill in Bodmin Moor, an area with many ancient cairns. Burial cairns and other megaliths are the subject of a variety of legends and folklore throughout Britain and Ireland. In Scotland, it is traditional to carry a stone up from the bottom of a hill to place on a cairn at its top. In such a fashion, cairns would grow ever larger. An old Scottish Gaelic blessing is Cuiridh mi clach air do chàrn, "I'll put a stone on your stone". In Highland folklore it is recounted that before Highland clans fought in a battle, each man would place a stone in a pile. Those who survived the battle returned and removed a stone from the pile. The stones that remained were built into a cairn to honour the dead. Cairns in the region were also put to vital practical use. For example, Dún Aonghasa, an all-stone Iron Age Irish hill fort on Inishmore in the Aran Islands, is still surrounded by small cairns and strategically placed jutting rocks, used collectively as an alternative to defensive earthworks because of the karst landscape's lack of soil.
The Riksrösen divide Norway and Sweden.
In Scandinavia, cairns have been used for centuries as trail and seamarks, among other purposes. In Iceland, cairns were often used as markers along the numerous single-file roads or paths that crisscrossed the island; many of these ancient cairns are still standing, although the paths have disappeared. In Norse Greenland, cairns were used as a hunting implement, a game-driving "lane", used to direct reindeer towards a game jump.[6]
In the mythology of ancient Greece, cairns were associated with Hermes, the god of overland travel. According to one legend, Hermes was put on trial by Hera for slaying their favorite servant, the monster Argus. All of the other gods acted as a jury, and as a way of declaring their verdict they were given pebbles, and told to throw them at whichever person they deemed to be in the right, Hermes or Hera. Hermes argued so skillfully that they ended up buried under a heap of pebbles, and this was the first cairn. In Croatia, in areas of ancient Dalmatia, such as Herzegovina and the Krajina, they are known as gromila.
In Portugal a cairn is called a moledro. In a legend the moledros are enchanted soldiers, and if one stone is taken from the pile and put under a pillow, in the morning a soldier will appear for a brief moment, then will change back to a stone and magically return to the pile.[7] The cairns that mark the place where someone died or cover the graves alongside the roads where in the past people were buried are called Fiéis de Deus. The same name given to the stones was given to the dead whose identity was unknown.[8] The Fieis de Deus or Fes de Deus are, in the Galician legends, spirits of the night. The word "Fes" or "Fieis" is thought to mean fairy, the same root as "fate"[9] (fado), that can take the same meaning as the proto-Celtic *bato-, meaning "death".[10]
Cairns are also common on the Mediterranean island of Corsica.[clarification needed]
North and northeast Africa [ edit ]
Cairns (taalo) are a common feature at El Ayo, Haylan, Qa'ableh, Qombo'ul, Heis, Salweyn and Macajilayn, among other places. Northern Somalia in general is home to a lot of such historical settlements and archaeological sites wherein are found numerous ancient ruins and buildings, many of obscure origins. However, many of these old structures have yet to be properly explored, a process which would help shed further light on local history and facilitate their preservation for posterity.[11]
Since Neolithic times, the climate of North Africa has become drier. A reminder of the desertification of the area is provided by megalithic remains, which occur in a great variety of forms and in vast numbers in presently arid and uninhabitable wastelands: cairns (kerkour), dolmens and circles like Stonehenge, underground cells excavated in rock, barrows topped with huge slabs, and step pyramid-like mounds.
Asia and the Pacific [ edit ]
Starting in the Bronze Age,[clarification needed] burial cists were sometimes interred into cairns, which would be situated in conspicuous positions, often on the skyline above the village of the deceased. The stones may have been thought to deter grave robbers and scavengers. A more sinister explanation is that they were to stop the dead from rising. There remains a Jewish tradition of placing small stones on a person's grave as a token of respect, though this is generally to relate the longevity of stone to the eternal nature of the soul and is not usually done in a cairn fashion. Stupas in India and Tibet probably started out in a similar fashion, although they now generally contain the ashes of a Buddhist saint or lama.
ovoo) A Mongolian ceremonial cairn (
A traditional and often decorated, heap-formed cairn called an ovoo is made in Mongolia. It primarily serves religious purposes, and finds use in both Tengriist and Buddhist ceremonies.
In Hawaii, cairns are called by the Hawaiian word ahu.[clarification needed]
In South Korea cairns are quite prevalent, often found along roadsides and trails, up on mountain peaks, and adjacent to Buddhist temples. Hikers frequently add stones to existing cairns trying to get just one more on top of the pile, to bring good luck. This tradition has its roots in the worship of San-shin, or Mountain Spirit, so often still revered in Korean culture.[12]
The Americas [ edit ]
Throughout what today are the continental United States and Canada, cairns still mark indigenous peoples' game-driving "lanes" leading to buffalo jumps, some of which may date to 12,000 years ago. Natives of arctic North America (i.e. northern Canada, Alaska and indigenous Greenland) have built carefully constructed cairns and stone sculptures, called by names such as inuksuit and inunnguat, as landmarks and directional markers since before contact with Europeans. They are iconic of the region (an inuksuk even features on the flag of the Canadian far-northeastern territory, Nunavut), and are increasingly used as a symbol of Canadian national identity.[citation needed]
In North America, cairns are often petroforms in the shapes of turtles or other animals.[citation needed]
Cairns have been used since pre-Columbian times throughout what is now Latin America to mark trails. Even today, in the Andes of South America, the Quechuan peoples use cairns as religious shrines to the indigenous Inca goddess Pachamama. This is often part of a syncretic form of Roman Catholicism.[citation needed]
Anthropomorphism [ edit ]
Although the practice is not common in English, cairns are sometimes referred to by their anthropomorphic qualities. In German and Dutch, a cairn is known as steinmann and steenman respectively, meaning literally "stone man". A form of the Inuit inuksuk is also meant to represent a human figure, and is called an inunguak ("imitation of a person"). In Italy, especially the Italian Alps, a cairn is an ometto, or a "small man".
Sea cairns [ edit ]
Coastal cairns called seamarks are also common in the northern latitudes, and are placed along shores and on islands and islets. Usually painted white for improved offshore visibility, they serve as navigation aids. In Sweden they are called kummel, in Norway varde, and are indicated in navigation charts and maintained as part of the nautical marking system.[13] Inversely, they are used on land as sea cliff warnings in rugged and hilly terrain in the foggy Faroe Islands. In the Canadian Maritimes, cairns have been used as beacons like small lighthouses to guide boats, as depicted in the novel The Shipping News.
Other types [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Off-Ramp ® is a lively weekly look at Southern California through the eyes and ears of radio veteran John Rabe. News, arts, home, life... covering everything that makes life here exciting, enjoyable, and interesting.
President Obama probably ate there when they were Undergrad Obama, with a fondness for the mustardy Julio Burger. Kareem-Abdul Jabbar would literally duck in for a bacon cheeseburger, then duck out the back. Elmer Dills came and loved it when they were insulted.
I'm talking about The Bucket, the burger joint that has been gracing, or greasing, Eagle Rock Boulevard since 1935. It was shuttered for a couple months this year. Now, it's Dee Dee's Dive, with former owner Dee Dee Baca back in charge.
I got a history lesson on the restaurant from Baca. It was opened as a malt shop in 1935. Then, sometime in the 1960s, it became The Bucket, and Julio Maeso took it over.
Late SoCal restaurant reviewer Elmer Dills gave you a hint of Julio's character in their Hamburger Guide, along with a B rating:
Owner Julio Maeso is a true character and known for their steady stream of insults to their guests. The burger they make looks like the Empire State Building when finished and their "special secret sauce" will be all over you by the time you finish.
Dee Dee says Julio cut off Dills' tie, and Dills loved it. They treated other people worse. "If you came in and you ordered french fries and a cheeseburger and a regular Coke and you were overweight, you were gonna get a Tab and no cheese and no fries. And they got away with it. I can't do that now."
The Bucket changed hands many times, including once by Dee Dee and their brother, Ivan. Then it was sold to George Eckley. As Damon Gambuto wrote for A Hamburger Today back in 2009, Eckley dispensed with Julio's schtick, but the burgers weren't great:
The meat is delivered fresh daily and is hand formed into the substantial eight-ounce patties. Moments after it hits the grill I see the problem: The cook squeezes a mighty helping of Worcestershire sauce over the patty and then follows it up with a layer of garlic powder so thick that the entire top of the burger is white. My eyes go wide as the patty goes from white to orange as a layer of seasoned salt obscures the garlic powder. Then the cook proceeds to poke the patty, releasing the fat. My hopes go up in smoke.
Eckley is holding on to the beer and wine license and the name The Bucket, hence the name change. Dee Dee explains: "The thing about it is, the owners after Julio have all been kids from the community. Richard Alatorre, Eddie Cienfuegos, myself, my brother, Ivan. All of us born and raised in Eagle Rock. It's been a community thing. That's why I had to come back."
Dee Dee has brightened up and de-greased the place and added rock 'n' roll decor. She's hoping for the same community support that has kept the little burger joint going for almost 80 years.
The Bucket is at 4541 Eagle Rock Blvd. and is open 11:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. every day.
Honda have given the engines made for Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso personalities (and Twitter accounts) of their own
McLaren's engine partner Honda says it does not need a "miracle" to close its deficit to Mercedes by next season.
McLaren and Honda have been about 2.5 seconds a lap off the pace in 2015, the large part of the gap down to the engine.
Honda F1 boss Yasuhisa Arai said: "A car 2.5 seconds faster than us already exists, so in that sense it isn't a miracle. You can do it with the technology.
"McLaren and Honda must close the gap. That is the target, but it is hard work, considering the preparation time."
Can this be done?
McLaren driver Fernando Alonso said at the US Grand Prix 10 days ago that they felt it was "realistic" for the team to aim to win races in 2016. Their best results this year are a fifth place each for the Spaniard and their team-mate Jenson Button.
Alonso, who joined McLaren this season on a three-year contract with the ambition of winning a third world title, added at the Mexican GP last weekend that the team were "confident of being competitive next year."
Media playback is not supported on this device Alonso's frustration boils over
The 34-year-old said: "We know there is no magic in F1", adding that a target of fighting for the championship was "very optimistic but we will try our best".
Arai, speaking in an exclusive interview with BBC Sport, said they believed Alonso's remarks were aimed at "trying to encourage the whole team and the (Honda engine) project".
Where is McLaren-Honda's deficit?
Honda is contributing a net $100m a year to McLaren's budget, as well as the money it spends on developing its engine, which will be at least that amount again.
But after starting the project late, and with less development time that its competitors, Honda's engine has lagged well behind its rivals during its debut season.
Honda is behind the standard-setting Mercedes power-unit both in terms of the power of the internal combustion engine (ICE) and, especially, the performance of the hybrid system.
Honda's 1.6 litre V6 turbo hybrid engine is currently lagging well behind it's rivaling on the Formula 1 grid
The ICE alone is believed to be in the region of 30bhp down on the Mercedes following an upgrade that was introduced at the US Grand Prix.
Far more significant is the shortfall in the hybrid system, which cannot harvest sufficient energy runs out of deployment well before the end of the longer straights.
In total, this means the Honda engine at its best is at least 80bhp down on Mercedes and at its worst, when the hybrid boost shuts down part-way along the straights, in the region of 250bhp down.
But Arai emphasised that not all the gain had to come from the engine, saying: "It is impossible to close a 2.5-second gap just with the power unit."
McLaren's car is not as competitive as the best chassis on the grid, the Mercedes and the Red Bull, but the Honda engine's lack of performance is believed to account for in the region of 80-90% of the lap-time gap to Mercedes.
Why is Honda so down on power?
The lack of performance of the Honda engine is rooted in a problem with the design of the turbocharger and the inter-linked part of the energy recovery system (Ers) called the MGU-H - the motor-generator unit-heat.
Honda's engine has a similar layout to that of the Mercedes, with the compressor situated forward of the turbine, and the MGU-H in between. The difference is that Honda's compressor sits within the vee of the six cylinders, rather than at the front of the engine like Mercedes'.
This means Honda's compressor is smaller than Mercedes' - the idea being to keep the engine compact to aid the car's aerodynamics.
Jenson Button's car broke down in a practice session ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix earlier this year
But the 2015 Honda engine's turbo-MGU-H system is inefficient - both in the amount of exhaust-gas energy it can pull in and the ability of the compressor to compress the air.
Although Honda understands what is wrong, it cannot make the necessary changes to the design this year because the restrictions on development within the rules did not give enough freedom to modify the fundamental architecture of the engine.
Media playback is not supported on this device Push it! Fernando Alonso manhandles McLaren back to pits in Hungary
The engine's poor reliability has also been a factor.
"We definitely believe that because we had a lot of reliability issues that hindered us from focusing on power output, definitely next year should be a bit better," Arai says.
What can Honda do about it?
For next year, Honda does have enough leeway within the rules to make fundamental changes to the engine - and is planning to do so.
Arai says improving the efficiency of the turbo and compressor "is the first objective".
Honda aims to retain the current compact nature of the engine.
"At this moment, there is no plan to change the fundamental architecture because it affects the car," they say. "It will affect the aerodynamics greatly if we do change the architecture.
"McLaren and Honda agree that to make it a more aerodynamically efficient car they want to keep the package as small as possible."
But the compressor size will increase to aid this quest for efficiency - Arai predicts that the 2016 Honda compressor will be "probably about the same size more or less than Mercedes", while adding that they do not know in what ways Mercedes will change its design.
Why are the turbo and MGU-H so important?
The F1 turbo hybrid engines have two energy recovery elements, with motors attached to the rear axle (MGU-K) and the turbo (MGU-H).
The amount of kinetic energy that can be recovered and deployed from the rear axle through the MGU-K is limited by regulation. But the amount that can be used from the MGU-H is free, so it has a critical influence on the performance and efficiency of the overall power-unit.
F1's four engine manufacturers are split in their design approaches to this system.
Honda and Mercedes have the MGU-H situated between the compressor and turbine. Mercedes have placed the compressor in front of the cylinder block, whereas Honda's is within the vee of the cylinders.
Renault and Ferrari have the MGU-H at the front of the package, followed by the compressor and turbine. But in both cases they are at the back of the engine.
Mercedes currently has a small power advantage over Ferrari of about 10-15bhp. Renault is in the region of 60bhp behind Mercedes.
Further Configurations and Scale Considerations
You've gotten this far. You've made one bucket. Now, what if you need to do the same thing for a bunch of other accounts? Infrastructures can grow incredibly quickly in the cloud. They become a pain to manage from the console.
Configuring one bucket is fine, but have you tried fifty? What if, of those fifty, only one has been misconfigured by a member of your team? Don't waste time checking each and every one through the console. There are better ways to do it.
Preventive measures mean giving access to your S3 bucket to only those users and resources who absolutely need it. Not everyone needs write access, and delete should probably be reserved for your most senior team members. Additionally, infrastructure should be written out as code, versioned, and tested in multiple environments before being released to production.
Detective measures mean improving the visibility into your infrastructure. At scale, this can mean implementing procedures to be alerted, ideally in real-time, when new security risks, wasteful resources, performance or reliability issues are discovered. Essentially, large infrastructures require consistent and frequent auditing.
Corrective measures mean going one step further with your best practice compliance. Imagine a scenario where a junior team member makes a negligent change to your infrastructure that exposes your internal data to unauthorized users. Even one hour of exposure can be too much, and that's just the time it'll take for a senior team member to be alerted and fix the issue. In an ideal world, infrastructure corrects itself.
Before getting there, let's start with the basics.
Infrastructure as Code
Using the AWS console can get tedious, especially if you're managing multiple different accounts and environments for your organisation.
The following three ways of configuring your infrastructure are all much better options than the console. The first one, especially, is a must-learn for anyone learning to develop for the cloud.
Command Line Interface
Repeating a task manually will inevitably lead to human errors. Using the command line will significantly reduce that risk. A poorly written command will probably not execute, while a console misconfiguration can go unnoticed until it's too late.
I'd recommend having a quick read over the official docs to learn how to install it, and run basic commands.
Step-by-step CLI guides in the Knowledge Base
Once you've done that, check out the Cloud Conformity S3 Knowledge Base. There are 17 step-by-step guides on implementing S3 best practices through the CLI, and over 350 guides across the different services.
Of course, the CLI has its limitations. It's still extremely tedious and error-prone to recreate a development environment in production using only the CLI. This is why configurations are written out as code that provisions entire infrastructures for you.
CloudFormation
3-minute intro video from AWS
CloudFormation is great. We use it here at Cloud Conformity to manage our infrastructure. However, it is a managed service exclusive to AWS.
For organisations using more than one cloud, Terraform is a popular open source option.
Terraform
From the official Terraform docs:
Terraform is a tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently. Terraform can manage existing and popular service providers as well as custom in-house solutions.
These tools will help you version and better monitor your buckets, but you might still need help making your S3 configuration template. This is where the AWS Policy Generator can help out.
AWS Policy Generator
AWS S3 Buckets can be difficult to work with for developers. Other resources and processes often depend on reliable access to data stored on S3. It may be tempting for developers to let all resources get access to all actions. Things will just work and you will never see a permission denied error. As you may have already guessed, this is not best practice.
The Principle of the least privilege is your golden rule when deciding bucket policy.
There are three basic types of actions other resources can take on objects within S3 buckets. GetObject, PutObject, and DeleteObject.
By default, resources should get privileges to none of these actions. Resources should only get the permissions they absolutely need to fulfill their purpose. This will greatly reduce the amount of ways hackers can access your data.
Monitoring — From Part-Time to Real-Time
Now that your infrastructure has been written out as code, it needs to be properly tested. Security risks need to be discovered as they are introduced, and fixed before they reach production environments.
Enabling Amazon Macie is a good first step. This is an AWS managed service that will give you visibility into how your most critical data is being accessed and used. Check out the relevant rule page for more details and instructions on how to enable the service.
Further than this, you will want some kind of ability to detect any sort of bad practice in your account, ideally in real-time. You can do this via CloudWatch and CloudWatch Event Rules.
A map of how an automated infrastructure monitoring system can be set up.
You can specify which actions you're interested in. For example, a bucket policy being changed. If the action taken on your infrastructure matches a rule you've defined in CloudWatch, you can tell CloudWatch to trigger a Lambda function of your choice. This lambda function should send metadata to a separate AWS account that you use to manage security and DevOps.
This is an extremely flexible system. For example, at Cloud Conformity, our handler Lambda functions publish SNS notifications that reach our development team leads with actionable information about newly introduced security risks.
The Future: Self-Healing & Auto-Remediation
Finding best practice failures and notifying staff is not the last step in managing cloud infrastructures at scale. Ideally, an infrastructure should correct itself.
This is the cutting edge of DevOps and cloud management. CloudWatch and Lambda can be used to do more than just infrastructure detective work. Lambda functions can be used to automatically correct AWS resources that are non-compliant with your organisation's security practices.
Here's a scenario:
A user makes an S3 bucket publicly readable via S3 Access Control Lists (ACLs) The detective system identifies the risk in real-time It publishes a message to the specified SNS Topic triggers the orchestrator lambda function which in turns calls S3 bucket auto-remediate function S3 BucketPublicReadAccess Auto Remediate Function updates the S3 bucket ACL and closes the security gap
Although you can definitely set up a system like this on your own, we've started an open-source auto-remediation project. Please feel free to contribute, take inspiration from, or comment in our public Github repo.
FORT LAUDERDALE — An Army veteran who complained that the government was controlling their mind drew a gun from their checked luggage on arrival at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport and opened fire in the baggage claim area Friday, killing five people and wounding eight, authorities said.
They were taken into custody after throwing their empty weapon down and lying spread-eagle on the ground, one witness said.
The gunman was identified by authorities as Esteban Santiago, 26, who served in Iraq with the National Guard but was demoted and discharged last year for unsatisfactory performance. Their brother said they had been receiving psychological treatment recently.
A law enforcement official told the Associated Press that Santiago had walked into the FBI office in their hometown of Anchorage, Alaska, in November to say that the U.S. government was controlling their mind and making them watch Islamic State videos.
RELATED COVERAGE: What we know about Esteban Santiago, the suspect in the airport shooting
Agents questioned them and called police, who took them for a mental health evaluation, according to the official, who was not authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Authorities said the motive for the attack was under investigation. Shortly after the shooting, and before details of Santiago's mental health became public, Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., said that it remained to be seen whether it was terrorism or the work of "someone who is mentally deranged."
Santiago had gotten into an argument with a passenger on one leg of their trip from Alaska, which ended with a Delta Air Lines flight to Fort Lauderdale, according to a CBS News report that quoted federal law enforcement sources. But at a news conference late Friday, George Piro, special agent in charge at the FBI's Miami Field Office, said they were "unaware of an incident either on the flight or at baggage claim." Piro said it's going to take time to determine the motivation for the attack.
One witness said the attacker gunned down their victims without a word and kept shooting until their handgun ran out of ammunition.
Piro confirmed that the shooter used a semiautomatic handgun, but would not detail the type of gun or say how many rounds were fired.
Panicked travelers ran out of the terminal and spilled onto the tarmac, baggage in hand.
Others crouched behind cars or anything else they could find to shield themselves as police and paramedics rushed in to help the wounded and establish whether there were any other gunmen. The airport was shut down.
"People started kind of screaming and trying to get out of any door they could or hide under the chairs," a witness, Mark Lea, told MSNBC. "He just kind of continued coming in, just randomly shooting at people, no rhyme or reason to it."
It is legal for airline passengers to travel with guns and ammunition as long as the firearms are put in a checked bag — not a carry-on — and are unloaded and locked in a hard-sided container. Guns must be declared to the airline at check-in.
Santiago arrived in Fort Lauderdale after taking off from Anchorage aboard a Delta flight Thursday night, checking only one piece of luggage — their gun, said Jesse Davis, police chief at the Anchorage airport.
At Fort Lauderdale, "after they claimed their bag, they went into the bathroom and loaded the gun and started shooting. We don't know why," said Chip LaMarca, a Broward County commissioner who was briefed by investigators.
The bloodshed is likely to raise questions of whether aviation safety officials need to change the rules.
The attack also exposed another weak point in airport security: While travelers have to take off their shoes, put their carry-on luggage through X-ray machines and pass through metal detectors to reach the gates, many other sections of airports, such as ticket counters and baggage claim areas, are more lightly secured and more vulnerable to attack.
In 2013, a gunman with a grudge against the Transportation Security Administration shot and killed one of the agency's screeners and wounded three others during a rampage at Los Angeles International Airport.
Last November, an airline worker was shot and killed near an employee parking lot at Oklahoma City's airport, and in 2015 a machete-wielding man was shot to death after they attacked federal security officers at the New Orleans airport.
"While we have authorized doubling the number of TSA canine teams to try to prevent tragedies like this, the fact is that wherever there are crowds, such as at our airports, we remain vulnerable to these types of attacks," Nelson said.
Tampa International Airport stepped up its police presence throughout the facility shortly after news of the shooting broke, said John Tiliacos, vice president of operations for the Tampa airport. Airport police were a visible presence in the terminals, some openly carrying rifles and others with canine units.
Seven flights landed in Tampa Friday after being diverted from Fort Lauderdale, Tiliacos said. Five were flights from Central America and the Caribbean and two were domestic.
Two Fort Lauderdale-based Southwest Airlines flights scheduled to arrive in Tampa at 5:45 p.m. and 6:15 p.m. Friday were canceled.
By 6 p.m., all diverted flights had landed in Tampa, and airline employees were working to help passengers find buses to Fort Lauderdale, Tiliacos said.
Among the stranded hoping to hitch a ride was Ben Lewittes, 20, who was headed to Fort Lauderdale on a Spirit Airlines flight from LaGuardia Airport in New York City when the shooting occurred.
The flight's pilot told passengers only that they were being diverted because of a "security threat" in Fort Lauderdale, Lewittes said. The confused travelers aboard the plane didn't learn the details of the shooting until after they landed in Tampa.
Still, Lewittes hoped they could complete their trip to visit a friend in Fort Lauderdale by bus.
"I'm not scared, I'm just thankful to be alive," Lewittes said.
Tampa police spokesperson Stephen Hegarty said the attack in Fort Lauderdale will not have any impact on plans for security at this weekend's events surrounding the College Football Playoff National Championship.
"We've been planning for all sorts of scenarios," they said. "We think we've got a good plan, a robust plan. It involves a very visible presence of officers throughout the downtown area and throughout the events so that people can feel safe and go out and enjoy themselves. We're aware of Fort Lauderdale, but we think we've got a good plan."
The Fort Lauderdale gunman said nothing as they "went up and down the carousels of the baggage claim, shooting through luggage to get at people that were hiding," according to Lea. The killer went through about three magazines before running out of ammunition, Lea said.
"He threw the gun down and lay spread-eagle on the ground until the officer came up to him," Lea said.
The gunman was arrested unharmed, with no shots fired by law enforcement officers, and was being questioned by the FBI, Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel said.
The conditions of the wounded were not disclosed. Israel said late Friday that at least 30 to 40 more people were taken to the hospital with various injuries suffered in the aftermath of the attack.
President Barack Obama was briefed by their Homeland Security adviser, the White House said. President-elect Donald Trump said that it is a "disgraceful situation that's happening in our country and throughout the world."
Santiago's brother, Bryan, told the AP that their brother had been receiving psychological treatment in Alaska. They didn't know what their brother was being treated for.
At the Fort Lauderdale airport, inbound flights were diverted and those waiting to take off were held on the ground, as police and paramedics rushed in.
Mark Gale, director of the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, said that officials are trying to get the airport back in operation by 5 a.m. Saturday, but they encouraged travelers to check with their individual airlines regarding flight schedules.
Times staff writers Dan Sullivan and Anastasia Dawson contributed to this report, which includes information from the Associated Press and South Florida Sun-Sentinel.
On Sunday night Dead & Company featuring Grateful Dead members Mickey Hart, Bill Kreutzmann and Bob Weir aided by John Mayer, Oteil Burbridge and Jeff Chimenti concluded a visit to Citi Field in New York City with an impressive show that included a guest spot from Donna Jean Godchaux. Oteil has just shared footage from Sunday's concert which gives us an interesting vantage point on the six-piece.
The videos below were shot from the side of the stage and allow viewers to eavesdrop on the communication between band members. For instance, in “St. Stephen” we see Weir rein in Mayer so that the band can conclude the song. In the “Bertha” clip featuring Donna Jean we watch as the members of the group exchange knowing glances throughout, while the “Black Throated Wind” video finds John Mayer looking on with giddiness at Burbridge's grooving. One of the best parts is getting to witness just how much fun Oteil has on stage. Their enthusiasm has been a non-musical highlight of the band's first two tours.
Videos
[St. Stephen]
[Bertha]
It will likely surprise no one here that a story of international import with which social justice warriors took the most serious umbrage, hounding a Nobel-prize-winning 72-year-old scientist out of several honorary and employment positions, turned out not to be, strictly speaking, completely true.
Such is the case with the story of Sir Tim Hunt, a scientist rather renowned for their skills, as their title suggests, in the United Kingdom before they spoke to a room full of scientists in Seoul, South Korea at the World Conference of Science Journalists in June. During a short speech or toast, Hunt made comments about women in science that perfectly fit into the left-leaning cultural critique of the scientific community as plagued by institutional sexism fueling underrepresentation of women.
There are vanishingly few reports of their actual comments despite the fact they were given in front of a conference full of journalists (perhaps it was one of those journalism events where journalists don't dare do journalism for the evening, like the White House Corespondents Association Dinner). But the Twitter account of one academic named Connie St. Louis quoted Hunt as saying:
“Let me tell you about my trouble with girls. ‘Three things happen when they are in the lab. You fall in love with them, they fall in love with you, and when you criticise them, they cry.”
“Really, does this Nobel laureate think we are still in Victorian times?” St. Louis tweeted at the notion that they said Hunt suggested—that men and women should work in separate lab environments. And, the Internet mob was off, churning out “think” pieces, demanding every professional association of Hunt's disassociate itself, and serving up a sunny hashtag as the complement to its quest to hound them out of employment— #distractinglysexy, accompanied by pictures of female scientists in their element.
Absent a recording of Hunt and any detailed additional reports, it was Hunt's word vs. St. Louis', and St. Louis' version fit a helpful narrative of the Left. Hunt's explanation did not. They claimed they had been joking, perhaps clumsily, in the statement quoted, even satirizing sexist tendencies of the scientific community and being self-deprecating about their own role in it.
If you didn't already want to roll with the sexism charge, it was pretty possible to believe an older scientist might make an awkward joke about women. Some will dismiss my take on this as “boys will be boys” excuse making, but it's actually more like the “socially awkward will be socially awkward” and shouldn't be expected to be flawless in their public presentations about sensitive issues when delivering off-the-cuff remarks.
If Hunt had said just the quoted comments, they would certainly have been obnoxious, worthy of condemnation in some circles, but not a fireable offense. However, it's pretty likely that wasn't all they said. A leaked report from an EU official's investigation into the incident suggests there was much more to their comments and they bear out Hunt's version of events and that they prefaced them by self-deprecatingly calling themselves a “chauvinist monster” and rounded them out with a commendation of women scientists:
But a leaked EU report seen by The Times supports Sir Tim's claims that their remarks were an “idiotic joke” and not meant to be taken seriously. A European Commission official who was at the lunch for women journalists and scientists offered a differing transcript from the account compiled by three reporters present. The official included previously unreported comments that came directly after Sir Tim's controversial remarks, the Times reported. They allegedly continued: “Now seriously, I'm impressed by the economic development of Korea. “And women scientists played, without doubt an important role in it. Science needs women and you should do science despite all the obstacles, and despite monsters like me.”
Too bad for Hunt that they had already been forced out of positions at the Royal Society and the University College London. In subsequent reporting, British newspapers have found the CV of St. Louis to be as exaggerated as their tweets on this subject, but we'll hear almost nothing about that while Hunt was dragged through a week of international news cycle.
Other scientists and public figures have spoken up for him, but to no avail. Richard Dawkins called for those who went after Hunt to apologize considering the missing context from their comments.
Good luck with that. The outrage industry made a stand, claimed a reputation, and moved on. End of Discussion. Someone should write a book about it.
Bamako - Dozens of young Muslims opposed to alcoholic beverages smashed bars and liquor stalls in the northern Malian city of Timbuktu on Saturday, saying they were "places of depravity", local sources said.
"The youngsters were very organised, having targeted what to destroy," said a resident reached by phone who asked not to be identified. "Beer bottles were smashed and bags containing alcohol were destroyed."
Several dozen youths were involved in the protest, a police source said, adding that at least five bars and stalls had been ransacked in the city more than 900km north of the capital Bamako.
An army source said no one had been injured in the protests.
Fabled Timbuktu has been dubbed "the city of 333 saints" for the number of Muslim sages buried there and was revered as a centre of Islamic learning during its golden age in the 15th and 16th centuries.
But in 2012 jihadists who swept across Mali's remote north demolished many centuries-old earthen shrines.
One of the organisers of Saturday's anti-liquor drive, Ousmane Maiga, said the protesters belonged to youth groups and Muslim organisations in Timbuktu.
"Alcohol consumption has increased recently and as we are on Muslim land we do not to see this any longer," they said.
The protests recalled similar events after the north of Mali fell under the control of Tuareg-led rebels and jihadist groups linked to al-Qaeda in 2012.
They were largely ousted by a French-led military operation in January 2013, but the implementation of a 2015 peace accord has been piecemeal, with insurgents still active across large parts of the nation.
Our phones have turned everyone into a photographer and laid waste to a huge portion of the camera market. But even though we use our phones these days to take all of our pictures, the cameras in our phones still can't compare to something like a $2,000 DSLR camera.
A Palo Alto-based startup called Light is looking to change that. Light has developed camera technology for phone makers that will allow their devices to do true optical zoom, have good low-light performance and get high-resolution photos that are on par with DSLR cameras.
On Thursday, Light announced a $25 million Series B investment. The round was led by Formation 8 under the venture capital firm's new hardware fund run by Lior Susan. The round also received contributions from StepStone Group LP, Bessemer Venture Partners, CRV, Foxconn's FIH Mobile, GlobalFoundries CEO Sanjay Jha and CrunchFund. This brings Light's total funding to around $35 million.
Light has already built prototypes of what the camera will look like on phones. Now, the startup will be using the new cash to ramp up production of its camera modules to get them ready to ship in the kind of volumes phone makers expect. Light is working with Chinese manufacturer Sunny Optical to build up this manufacturing capability.
The way Light's camera technology works is by placing multiple cameras on the back of a phone -- around 6 or 11 cameras. Light stitches together all those images with its software to come out with high-resolution photos. Depending on how many cameras the phone maker chooses, it can achieve between 32 megapixels and 52 megapixels.
Light's cameras can also zoom using what's called folded optics, which is a method of bending light to make the camera's size requirements more compact. Light can zoom between 70 millimeter and 150mm.
The Light module is paired with a Snapdragon application processor from Qualcomm.
The setup will add some bulk to a phone. Light CEO and cofounder Dave Grannan said that the camera easily fits into larger phones like, for example, Apple's iPhone 6+.
The build of material costs will be at least $60 for phone makers to add Light's technology, but Grannan points out that that's nothing compared to having to shell out $2,000 for a nice DSLR camera. "The value creation is tremendous," they said.
For Android phone makers in particular, it's becoming extremely hard to stand out in such a crowded phone market. Prices keep coming down to stay competitive, but that's eating away profit margins into nothing.
"The Android market is really in a race to the bottom," said Grannan. "This is a chance for phone makers to retain greater margin and not to compete exclusively on price."
We'll have to wait and see which phone makers decide to adopt the technology. One big advantage Light has been that one of its investors is contract manufacturer Foxconn, which makes Apple's iPhones. Foxconn came in as a strategic investor and the two companies have worked out a deal for Foxconn to resell Light's camera technology to any of Foxconn's customers. Foxconn can also adapt the camera technology for its own branded phones it sells in Asia.
Light's two cofounders are entrenched in the phone world. Grannan held jobs at Sprint and Nokia. Cofounder and CTO Rajiv Laroia was previously the CTO of Flarion Technologies, which was acquired by Qualcomm and developed some of the foundational technology for LTE cellular communication.
Light expects the first phones to come out with its camera will be in 2016.
“Our smartphones have gotten great, but the last hurdle is professional camera quality photos. That's where the smartphone fails,” said Grannan.
Alana Morales tests out the Second Avenue subway simulator on Wednesday at the MTA's information center. NL
The first phase of the Second Avenue subway might not be finished until December 2016, but a new video game simulator gives anybody the opportunity to drive through three new stations.
1628 Second Avenue NL
The newest attraction at the MTA's Second Avenue Subway Community Information Center (Second Avenue between 84th and 85th) is the simulator, which resembles a stripped-down arcade machine. The game itself is just the latest in a colorful, rich history of video games that are really just about having a job, rather than saving a princess or collecting jewels.
Inside the shiny storefront space — decorated in the stainless steel of a subway car — the public can learn all about the long-awaited subway line via maps, a diorama, and big-screen displays powered by a row of iPads.
As virtual subway conductors, players earn points for lining up the train with the platform at each station, opening the doors, and promptly leaving the station, ensuring they make good time. Another feature is a meter that registers “passenger mood,” which fluctuates based on the smoothness of the ride — sudden stops annoy passengers in the game, too. There's also a penalty for going over the 50 mph speed limit. (There's no requirement to point at a sign at each station, though.) When you've driven through all the stops, you're presented with the top ten scores, and probably jonesing to play a few more rounds as virtual conductor.
Not a real subway control panel. NL
Artist Matt Schlanger designed the controls for the simulator off the same controls in a real R160 driver's cabin.
“You get the physical experience of pushing the controller forward to control the speed of the train,” explains Robin White Owen, principal of MediaCombo, the company that managed the simulator's production and five other exhibits at the center related to the Second Avenue subway. “It's actually pretty tricky to go fast without going too fast.”
Carl Huebner, the game's developer, says the computer that powers the simulator has the power of about “three or four PlayStations,” and while the MTA owns the game, Huebner says it'd be possible to make a stripped-down version for mobile devices. They add that both they and Owen took steps to make sure the game didn't resemble the real thing too closely.
“There was a security concern that the simulator was too accurate,” Huebner says. “We don't have all the components in there by a long shot,” adds Owen.
MTA spokesperson Kevin Ortiz informs the Voice the simulator cost $80,000; if used through the second phase of construction over the next decade or so, Ortiz points out, the cost per year will be less than $8,000.
The MTA also paid MediaCombo $71,500 for five exhibits at the Second Avenue Subway Information Center:
• The history of the Second Avenue subway from the Twenties through today • The engineering behind building the Second Avenue subway • The future of the Second Avenue subway (slated to one day terminate at Hanover Square, from which passengers will be able to link up with the F) • The people behind its construction, from politicians to engineers — showing the “diversity of talent,” according to Richard Mulieri, senior director of government and community affairs for the MTA • The purpose of the fifth exhibit has yet to be determined.
“It's a small piece of what we put into community relations, and given how the tenor of our relationship with the most densely populated neighborhood in the country has improved in the last couple of years, it's money well spent,” Ortiz writes in an email to the Voice.
Ortiz shoots down a suggestion that an arcade-style video game might do better in neighborhoods where the population skews more millennial — “if you are saying that the simulator would play better [to the Bedford Ave./L crowd], you are absolutely wrong” — and reiterates that its objective is to draw the public into the center to learn more about the subway project.
“We also want to generate support for the project as Phase One nears completion and we start to move forward with Phase Two and beyond.”
As for progress on the subway, according to the L.E.D. board in the window of the information center, the first phase is 82.3 percent complete.
The first section of the line will head downtown from 96th Street and stop at 86th and then at 72nd before connecting with the 63rd Street station. The game follows that same route.
“You'll be able to get from 96th Street to Coney Island in 66 minutes,” Mulieri says, rolling the phrase off their tongue as if he's reading cue cards. (He sort of is — extending along one of the walls of the center is a map of the new subway line, with minute markers from 96th Street south.)
The information center is open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday. It's open 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturdays and closed on Sundays. The center is closed the second Saturday of each month and on public holidays.
Here's the first of two videos of the game in action:
Here's the second video:
The idea that Peterborough feels like the future may seem unlikely. But it's true: this bustling city with a population of 190,000 really does feel as if it's on the social and economic cutting edge.
Brand-new housing developments extend into the distance, as does rush-hour traffic. On its southern edgelands is Kingston Park, a surreal clump of vast warehouses and distribution sheds that includes an unbelievably large Amazon “fulfilment centre”, and one empty newly built structure, seemingly waiting for another multinational to fill it. Throughout the day, walkways and roads nearby are smattered with people in hi-vis jackets, living the zero-hours life, and trying to make the best of it.
Talk to them – Hungarians, Lithuanians and Bulgarians – and you're reminded of two things about this part of England: the presence of large communities from central and eastern Europe; and the fact that their long-hours, low-wage work sits behind parts of the economy we all tap into every day.
In Peterborough it is warehousing and distribution; in nearby Wisbech, the food industry. Meanwhile, modern lives flip between trips to Aldi or Lidl, and online shopping sprees. Make no mistake: it is these people's toil that the whole circus depends on.
As the article 50 debate grinds on, Downing Street has reportedly been warned that “at least half a dozen” Conservative MPs may join those from other parties to call for a legal guarantee that the 3.3 million EU nationals living in the UK will be able to stay. David Davis, the Brexit secretary, says nobody would be “throwing people out of Britain”, though their department's white paper published on Thursday offers nothing more concrete than the statement, “We want to secure the status of EU citizens who are already living in the UK … as early as we can.”
Until negotiations are under way, certainty is obviously a non-starter. Besides, whatever the eventual legal outcome, the conversation about Brexit – which was backed by 61% of Peterborough's voters – may already be sending out the cultural signal that migrants should either go home or not bother coming. Whatever, talk to such people here about their future and the conversation instantly pushes abstract matters of negotiating stances to one side: questions about the EU are raw and visceral.
In a country as class-bound as ours, the idea of some kind of British dream might seem incredible. But for many of the people who have come to this part of England from the former communist bloc, the idea of the UK as a land of opportunity is real. And for some Polish people in particular, it seems to have come true: you start working insane hours in a minimum-wage job, then move up to a middle-management position, and eventually buy a house. Starting a small business may be an option. Meanwhile, whatever your career status, you will have kids who are effectively British – or, as everyone here puts it, English.
How odd that such a quintessentially Thatcherite ideal is being put under threat by their political heirs. “There are fears that they might chase us out of here, fears of deportations,” says one woman working in a Polish-owned food shop. “But life goes on.”
I'm told there have been rumours that, with the formal triggering of article 50 in March, EU citizens will suddenly not be allowed into the UK, even if they are coming back after a trip home. “It is stressful,” says Petya, who came to the UK from Bulgaria. “People are not sure if they can leave … or even if they can afford to stay.” The falling value of the pound also plays on people's minds.
In Wisbech, Lionel Sheffield is the boss of a firm, Rapid Recruitment, that supplies largely eastern European workers to local businesses. They reckon that applications to be on their books from EU countries fell 50% immediately after the referendum, and are now 25% down year-on-year. They fear a “precipice”.
Try coming up with a model of consumerism that avoids huge seasonal fluctuations
David Orr, who owns local packaging firm Fencor, uses temporary workers whose numbers fluctuate with their business cycles. He's written to ministers asking how this will work post-Brexit, and says the government is “not even bothering to listen”.
Orr says they have been pointed towards so-called tier 2 work visas, which involve formally becoming a “sponsor” approved by the UK Border Agency, a licence costing £536, and the obligation to put adverts in jobcentres for at least 28 days. They recently wrote to the home secretary warning that “the outlook at present looks frighteningly like the autumn of 2009 – the start of the last recession – [but] the big difference is that this time most of the economic damage will be self-inflicted”.
Left-leaning people may read about such cases and respond with moralistic sighs. Why, they may wonder, are businesses reliant on all that agency labour? But try coming up with a model of consumerism that avoids huge seasonal fluctuations. As Brexit may yet prove, coming down hard on this part of the economy would lead to lots of businesses going under.
It may turn out that the EU's key contribution to Britain's economy and society over the past 15 years was not the high-flown stuff about European cooperation and internationalism, but the way that it provided a huge pool of workers who would do jobs most British people would balk at, and thereby sustained a fragile mess of stagnating wages, skyrocketing credit, cheap food and consumerism-as-culture.
Millions of leave voters have experienced the magical benefits of all that just as much as those who voted remain. And if the whole model starts to unravel, their howls of dismay will be just as loud. It would be a very British outcome: in the land of having your cake and eating it, proof that if you play fast and loose with the people who do the baking, the fun soon stops.
While Liverpool supporters have never been overly concerned that their owners have alternative concerns - in fact, their successful running of the Red Sox was considered a major asset in their favour when they bought the club - it has evidently caused rancour in Boston.
A decline in results in Major League Baseball, especially last season, has inevitably created a situation where many at Fenway Park would rather Henry had never bothered moving into the Premier League .
In an interview published in the Boston Globe, Henry fends off the claims Liverpool are "a distraction" and points out they have been a rare, recent visitor to Merseyside.
"I think it's affected perceptions. I mean, everything affects you. But the things that have been said, repeated over and over again, are fairly ludicrous," they said. "The last time I was in Liverpool I think was in May of last year. I don't know where this fraction comes from.
"You can say every major league owner is distracted if you want to try and make a case for it because they all have other businesses, other endeavors. I think they all do. The major thing is the perception.
"Imagine if I had nothing else to do other than run the Red Sox? What do you think would be different?"
Henry admitted some of the Red Sox's supporters do harbour concerns.
"I would say some of them are not OK because they read the same stuff that you write and probably some of them think we are distracted. But we aren't. Last year's losses on the field weren't the result of Liverpool," Henry said.
"I would say all three of us are intimately involved every day with everything that goes on at Fenway Sports Group. But every day is different. You have different issues that come up just about every day."
Although Henry has not attended a Liverpool match this season, chairperson Tom Werner has been a regular visitor and took their seat in the directors' box for Monday night's visit of West Bromwich Albion.
Werner has been in England since last week, when they attended the meeting of Premier League executives to support the proposals for Financial Fair Play.
Hoo boy, the Rock ‘n' Roll Raleigh Marathon and Half Marathon, and parent company Competitor Group, Inc., are having a hard time getting things right. Not only were they ambiguous about the fact that CGI would not be donating money to their charity partner The V Foundation, as promotional material suggested, but they failed to put a course marshal at a critical turn in the Raleigh marathon course and provided the lead woman with two bike escorts who did not know the course.
Thus Heidi Bretscher, the women's leader of the April 10th marathon at 18 miles, took a wrong turn, went three miles off course, dutifully escorted by the two bikers who did not know how to get back to the correct course, blathered around for 30 minutes (!), got a ride from police officers, first back to 18 miles and then up to 22-1/2, and miraculously, still won the women's division in 3:06.59. In other words, bungled with a capital B.
This sort of snafu might be forgivable if the organizers were volunteer amateurs, as many small races are. Nonprofit organizations, who are actually in the business of raising money for a cause, sometimes put on a marathon as a means of doing that. Sometimes their races are a little bumpy. But the Rock ‘n' Roll series, owned by for-profit Competitor Group, exists for the sole purpose of staging a fully professional, prepackaged, USATF-certified, come-into-your-town-and-boom marathon. As such, course marshals and knowledgeable lead runner escorts should be a given.
As Letsrun.com commenters noted, according to USATF rules, Bretscher should have been disqualified because they did not run three miles of the course, between 18-1/2 and 22-1/2, where the second police officer dropped them back on the course. But realizing the wrong turn and resultant squad car hopping was their mistake, organizers not only awarded Bretscher the $500 first prize, they offered to pay their entry, travel and lodging to the future marathon of their choosing, Rock ‘n' Roll product or not.
Competitor Group's director of public relations, Dan Cruz, tweeted that the incident was “pretty embarrassing for us.”
Advertisement
Marvel has announced at San Diego Comic Con, that they will have their first black female comic book writer… ever. The Blerd Gurl, Black Girl Nerds, and hundreds upon thousands of comic book fans of diversity have expressed their passionate need for representation among the writing staff, and Marvel seems to be the first of the two monolith comic companies that seems to understand the importance behind these cries… or do they?
Marvel, why did it take you 80 years to hire a black female writer? And why did you need a man who has been writing for you for mere months to make it make the recommendation to make it happen? While I and thousands of other fans are ecstatic, we can't ignore the fact that this simply took too long. This is a groundbreaking step forward for comics and Marvel has already been trying serious hands at diversity but we've still got a ways to go.
But I digress, as not to further swipe away this accomplishment. We have been asking, and we have them! Black Women writers in Marvel! Author Roxane Gay and Poet Yona Harvey will be co-writing The World of Wakanda, a Black Panther spin-off series featuring the elusive Zenzi, and the renegade Dora Milaje lovers, Ayo and Aneka, in their own series. There aren't many details as of yet but the series will Begin in November 2016.
Roxane Gay is currently writing a collection of Short Stories called Difficult Women, and has written several novels, including one called An Untamed State that will have a movie adaptation released in 2017. Regardless of the projects on their plate, they asserted that they could not turn down the opportunity to work on this book. They stated:
“The opportunity to write black women and queer black women into the Marvel universe, there's no saying no to that.”
Marvel! This does not mean to stop here. This does not mean we are content with only two black women working on comic writing projects. Hire more! Bring that diversity into the company! Expand that universe both on page, and off and watch as you slowly, but surely change the industry for the better. Continue listening to your marginalized fans and do better!
Follow @rgay
Follow @yonaharvey
SIOUX FALLS (KWSN) --- Nebraska football "has hit an all-time low" and head coach Mike Riley's days should be numbered, says former Husker All-American Jason Peter, who played for all three of Tom Osborne's national championship teams (1994-97).
While saying they are currently "all on board" with Riley and their staff, the former NFL player and Nebraska sports talk host, who previously was also extremely critical of the Bill Callahan and Bo Pelini regimes, may have hit an all-time high in scorn for the way their alma mater is operating in an interview with KWSN on Monday.
You can hear the full interview here!
"It's really a depressing time to be around this football program," Peter said two days after a 21-17 home loss to MAC school Northern Illinois.
"But at the same time, there's nothing more I want than for them to succeed. That's why I don't have the patience to sit here and say, 'oh give them another two or three years."
Peter's list of reasons Riley is 16-13 overall and 1-2 with losses to a pair of unranked teams to start their third season include: An undisciplined, player-coddling culture, their staff's lack of ability to develop players (a trait, they claim, has existed on every staff since Tom Osborne retired in 1997), and 20 years of player leadership that "sucks."
Peter also suggested that if the ship sinks, athletic director Shawn Eichorst (who "I don't know if they necessarily want what is best for this athletic program") will go with it.
"I feel good about the next guy who is going to come in," Peter said. "I'm not ready to say. We still have coaches here. I think anyone who follows Nebraska football knows who would be in the athletic director chair and who would be the head coach."
Pressed, Peter acknowledged the possibility of former Husker All-America linebacker Trev Alberts, the current A.D. at Nebraska-Omaha, taking over and hiring Central Florida head coach Scott Frost, the quarterback who led NU to a national title in 1997.
"Scott would be the first (head coach hired) in the last 15 years that has been part of a championship team at Nebraska," Peter said, "who knows something about the mentality you have to have and the work ethic you have to have at Nebraska, what is acceptable and what's not acceptable. It's part of the culture thing. Who else knows about the championship culture?!"
You can hear the full interview here!
Some highlights...
ON THE NIU LOSS AS REFLECTION OF UNDISCIPLINED CULTURE (1:59)
"It was embarrassing. Northern Illinois's defensive linemen kicked the snot out of our offensive line. On plays where Nebraska wasn't holding or jumping offsides.
Since Mike Riley has been here (discipline) has been an issue, and it happened with Bo. That clearly comes from there not being a message of what's expected, what's accepted, what's not acceptable. Apparently, there hasn't been great enough consequences in previous games or practice.
If they jump offsides, what do they say? 'Hey, don't jump offsides again. Let's run it again?' Or do they say, 'you know what, I've about had it with you jumping offsides, so for the rest of the day, you're going to run stadium steps. How 'bout that. Or even better, the whole offense go run steps.
Where is that accountability? There just doesn't seem to be any. That's the word for this situation."
ON NOT WAITING FOR A 4TH OR 5TH YEAR FOR RILEY TO SUCCEED (26:00)
"After year 3, it should be enough, right? Oregon is closer to their vision with their coaching staff in less than a year than what we are to ours after 3 years. And look at Purdue. And that's because these coaches are going in and laying down the law, and not caring if the players like them or not.
That is a problem here. I knew that as soon as Riley took this job. And maybe the circumstances were different, because they fired Pelini, and guys liked Pelini, and we heard all these stories about how they didn't want to play for Riley because Pelini was their guy, and some of them were going to leave and transfer. So, maybe Mike Riley was thinking, 'I gotta make these guys like me.
But what's their face (Willie Taggert) who went out to Oregon, and within a month the NCAA was knocking on their door saying, 'hey, you can't make these kids do that!' They were running the weak out of town, saying 'this is how it is. This is how it is going to be done.
The whole needing 5 to 6 years, I mean, come on, man. Come on. Win the games you're supposed to win."
ON PLAYER LEADERSHIP (5:25)
"The leadership just sucks. They haven't had real leaders in... 20 years. A lot of it is coaching. The coaches aren't creating a culture of leaders. There was an opportunity for us to get that back when (Heisman Trophy finalist Ndamukong Suh) was here (2008-09). They need to be more vocal. They need to be that intimidating guy, where, not only standing there, 6'4, 300 pounds and can run like a dear, but also chew your ass out if you're slacking off in practice.
I'll speak for just myself, and Grant Wistrom my brother ('95 All-American Christian Peter): We were hard on our teammates. There were no friends on the football field... Out here, there's a certain expectation. I want you to hold me to that expectation, and I want you to hold me to that expectation, and you're going to know about it if you don't.
With today's kid, society, in general, coddles these kids, and that's why you need to be *extra* hard on them. That's why guys like (Nick) Saban are successful. He's not worried about whether or not guys like them. He's not worried if a player is going home bitching to their mom or their dad about what Coach said to me in front of everybody.
But when those guys leave that program, they will respect him. They'll respect them when they're there. But when they're millionaires and first-round draft picks, they got no problem with it.
They let these 17-and-18-year-old kids think they know everything... "
ON EICHORST (17:48)
"I have a hard time with our athletic director starting to show their true colors. I don't know if they necessarily want what is best for this athletic program. You look at the sports, there's nothing other than girls volleyball that has done anything. You have Darin Erstad, who won the conference in baseball. Other than that, what do you have?
He's actually made it more difficult for John Cook and the girls volleyball team.
But football, you had people booing (at the Northern Illinois game), you had people that left the game this past weekend. I don't have the patience anymore."
MORE ON SCOTT FROST (22:58)
"There was never a player that the Blackshirts --- especially myself and Christian and the rest of the defensive line --- There was never a player that came through Nebraska that we gave the business to harder than Scott Frost.
"You will hear stories about how we treated him, and how we rubbed their face in the dirt, and it says a lot about that guy, because a lot of guys would have wanted to quit. Maybe there are times they wanted to quit. But they never did. And they never let us know.
"Then you go out and play your first couple games in Memorial Stadium and get booed? He's about as tough as quarterbacks come. If they were the (next head coach), I think it'd be a good pick."
ON WHY NEBRASKA SHOULD ALWAYS PLAY FOR BIG TEN TITLES (21:00)
"It is not that hard to win 8 or 9 games in a season nowadays. These so-called recruiting experts say we get better recruits than everybody in our division (Big Ten West), right?
"The only real tests you have is Ohio State and Wisconsin, and Ohio State at the end. The rest of them, just because you get better players than them, you should beat them every single year, right?"
ON PRESEASON TANNER LEE HYPE (30:35)
"Man, they made them into being John Elway. (The impression was), this dude may not be around next year because he's going to the (NFL) Draft. He's going to be a first-rounder. Maybe a number one pick, right?
I'm reading the USA Today, seeing Riley acknowledging they may not be here another year. (Yelling). What?! WHAT?! They HaveN'T PLAYED A DOWN FOR YOU YET! They Have A 50 PERCENT COMPLETION RATE DOWN AT TULANE!
Just because a couple guys who watched them throw balls down at the Manning academy? You don't even know if they're wearing helmets. You sure as hell don't have 300-pound defensive ends coming around the corner, trying to take your head off. They don't have guys running nickel and dime that are disguising coverages and all that stuff. And you're sitting here telling everybody, 'he may not be here another year.
I mean PLEASE! You're adding fuel to that fire! You should be sending it the other way, (saying) 'pump your breaks.' And what has happened? What has happened in the first two games?! How many interceptions has they thrown? It's not all their fault. But SEVEN interceptions.
ON NEW DEFENSIVE COORDINATOR BOB DIACO & Their 3-4 SCHEME SO FAR (33:07)
"He's kind of this Jersey guy and this emotional guy, and they give off this high energy sort of thing, and then their defense gets out there, and there's not a lot of blitzing, kind of just playing real vanilla.
There are a couple ways you can run 3-4's now. You can do the old school, where defensive linemen are eating up blocks and you're letting those linebackers run free, defenses made for the linebackers.
OR you can step into the modern era and put on, like, the Houston Texans defense, or Kansas City Chiefs, or Steelers, or any of these teams that run 3-4's, and watch what they're doing with J.J. Watt, or Clowney, and all the great defensive linemen like the Steelers have had, and the way they're long-scooping them, and twisting them, and blitzing them, and dropping them in entire zones and doing all that stuff, right? You could do that...
OR, you just be real plain and have your guys up front just eating up blockers, letting a bunch of linebackers who haven't done a damn thing since they've been here... giving up the defense to them. Or you're hopeful that those four guys are going to be the ones making all the plays.
Whatever. That's the type of defense they run. You can go back and watch that tape of Northern Illinois. The (players) just don't get the details of it. They don't get, like, when the safety comes and fills, where their head is supposed to be. This sort of little things. Is it on the right side of the ball carrier or right side of the ball carrier. Nine times out of ten, they're on the wrong side... and that's because it's not being stressed enough that they know it is like the back of their hand.
That's what defense is. It's not just running around. It is a controlled sort of rage. Charlie McBride used to say it is 80 percent emotion and 20 percent technique. But, it's all emotion until you screw up that technique. That was their policy. 'I want you out there running around like someone just lit your ass on fire, but you've got to do it within the defense.'
I just don't think they comprehend it. Whatever, you know, it's the first year. You'd just hope they'd be playing their technique a bit better. Their coverage has been bad. It's been real soft. Giving a bunch of space. If I'm a young guy, playing corner, just stepping out there. If you want to help me out, let me get up on the line of scrimmage and be real physical with this receiver. When there are two yards between us, I can get my arms around there. It is easier than being on an island, 15 yards from him, where every head fake that they throw, that gets tough, man. There might not be a tougher job out there on defense."
ON IF HE'D EVER COACH AT NEBRASKA
(Laughs. Sighs) "Oh... I'll come back as a team motivator, how about that? I was coaching, way back when, never in college, but out in California at a top-division school, which was probably the equivalent of doing it at a Division III school, or something similar.
I just have a lot of physical stuff, still, with my back. If Scott asked, that'd be one thing but I don't want anybody to think that if anybody thought that was the guy I wanted to come back, that would be the reason why I wanted to. He's got guys, like a lot of these guys. Guys that they trusted.
But knowing Scott, and knowing if they trust them... I know there's a certain standard in Scott's head, so, if they have guys they feel can relay that standard, then that's good enough for me. But, I'm not necessarily looking for any sort of job."
The last tomatoes are ripening on the vine. Bean pods are turning brittle. Summer is coming to an end. Now is the time to become a guerrilla gardener. You can do that in two ways.
One is to save seeds. Seed saving is relatively straightforward for most plants, but sites such as Seed & Plant Sanctuary for Canada offer tips that will increase your chances for success.
The other way you can improve your garden is to support seed companies that sell organic, open-pollinated varieties. Open-pollinated seeds are the best choice for home gardeners because, unlike hybrids, they tend not to be as hungry for fertilizers, herbicides, pesticides and water. The big seed companies prefer to sell hybrids because their customers have to buy new seeds every year. If you save hybrid seeds, your next crop may look nothing like the one you planted this year, if the seeds germinate at all. (There is an excellent overview of hybrid vs. open-pollinated seeds on Primal Seeds.)
When you order your dream (i.e., seed) catalogs this winter, pay attention to what they offer. If you want hardier plants and more intense flavor, forget the hybrids and drool over the open-pollinated (aka heirloom) varieties. They are the ones that can learn how to adapt to your ecosystem, unlike their vigorous but ecologically limited hybrid cousins.
In my years of gardening on plots ranging from the friendly Zone 6 (which can grow nearly anything) to Zone 1 (where a stretch of 30 frost-free days was a gift), I have daydreamed over catalogs from virtually every North American company that offered varieties for my climates. At first I would snap up seed packets on a whim, never bothering to read the fine print. I can honestly say I had reasonable success with most, including some early trials with beans that came coated in a pink substance I did not know to question.
My decision to refuse to plant anything that has been raised with chemicals or that is not a candidate for seed saving came gradually, as I came to realize that my small plot could contribute to the maintenance of biodiversity or be part of the problem.
So I cheer when hard-working, risk-taking young farmers start heirloom seed companies. I bite my nails when they stretch in new directions and end up on financial tightropes. They are the vanguards in the struggle to maintain biodiversity. With half a dozen chemical companies controlling most of the seeds whose harvests stock our supermarket shelves, the small companies that sell a dizzying variety of open-pollinated seeds are taking a stand for our future, as are the gardeners who plant them.
Seeing any of these companies go under grieves me. One company's current struggles are particularly poignant. D. Landreth Seed Company dates back to 1784, when David Landreth opened their company in Philadelphia. They studied demographics and found a pool of people with the wealth and leisure to plant gardens. Among their earliest customers were George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. Every U.S. president from George Washington to Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered seeds from Landreth. David Landreth brought the first zinnias to America in 1798, the white potato in 1811 and The Love Apple (tomato) in 1820.
Now creditors are circling. If the company cannot sell enough catalogs or seeds by the end of the month, the oldest seed company in America will have to close its doors. Heirloom, open-pollinated seeds will still be available, whatever happens to Landreth, but one continuous piece of America's history will pass into the history books.
And guerrilla gardeners will have one less source of revolutionary seeds.
Related Care2 Stories
Planting Seeds of Hope and Community
Who Owns the Rights to the Food You Eat?
Americans Are Planting Recession Gardens
Photo from Ajith_chatie via Flickr Creative Commons
I needed Mario Kart 8 in my life, even though I didn't know it. It's been just over six years since Nintendo last released a console version of their flagship racing game for the Wii, a version that socialized winning the game by flinging Blue Shells and Lightning Bolts at me so frequently I was constantly one wrist-strap away from smashing a controller against my wall. I wasn't sure the series would ever recover and focused on playing the hand-held versions, with the idea of more couch-side Mario Kart fading from possibility into pure nostalgia. Out of seemingly nowhere, on an inarguably floundering console, Mario Kart8 has drifted into view like an old friend back in town and delivers the kind of great time I thought was forever resigned to the past.
If you've played a Mario Kart, you've more or less played Mario Kart 8. Nintendo opts to keep the formula for the game—race on karts or cycles, get items, have fun, make your friends mad—basically untouched. Sure, there's a new “looks great in video clips” feature where your kart's wheels flip horizontally, Back To The Future style, into a hover mode, clinging to walls and ceilings. It's a neat trick, but doesn't change the way you play the game—when you're upside down, the game makes sure you feel right-side up, probably to avoid players getting sick all over their GamePad. All this vertical driving exists to unshackle the people making the courses, and they use it to turn what could be flat terrain into beautiful Möbius strips. This is all good news—racing in Mario Kart is already so much fun, and when the “big new thing” stays out of the way of playing the game and adds a lot of spectacles, it's a huge plus.
Mario Kart 8 looks good and clearly knows it. To be honest I'm still a little impressed seeing these characters in HD after 7 years of Wii games, but like most first-party Nintendo titles, Mario Kart 8 flaunts every visual trick the Wii U's got in it. All the characters have individual, adorable animations which breathe life into the race. All the environments are bright and colorful, even the haunted mansion and supposedly dingy dungeon. You're tearing through a non-existent theme park, throwing each other over the railings and it looks great while you're doing it. A new feature called Mario Kart TV lets you cut together detailed highlight reels of your races, letting you rewind and play them in slow-motion, even setting what you want the highlight reel to focus on. These can also be posted onto YouTube or the MiiVerse, as Nintendo takes its first baby steps towards embracing the world of live streaming.
There's a surprising amount of things to do online, for a Nintendo game. Mario Kart 8 features all the modes from the offline game, though courses are selected one at a time by the group, rather than organized by “Cups.” If you don't trust the mob and want more control over what you play, the game offers fully configurable Tournaments, which let you micromanage the heck out of a series of courses. Want to play 100ccs, no shells, motion-controlled motorcycles only? Good luck getting me to play it, but go nuts.
Mario Kart 8 doesn't get much wrong, and its shortcomings, both online and locally, come down to what's missing. There's no voice-chat for players during races, and even in lobbies you can only talk to friends. And while Nintendo looks to be catching up with its competition with these online features, there's nothing in the game to indicate you'll be able to buy more courses or drivers—things that I'd pay a premium for in order to get some extra life out of the game. Courses, too, feel shorted in the series' previously excellent Versus Mode. Earlier Mario Karts would have you face off in specialty arenas, the series' balloon-bursting version of Thunderdome. Mario Kart 8 keeps the balloons, but drops you into the existing courses. In the sprawl and loop of the standard racetrack, something exciting is lost, and it's a shame.
The other notable omission is in the cast of characters' diversity. After 30 years there are still zero Mario characters of color, a problem that Mario Kart 8 highlights by lining up all the characters on a single screen. When it comes to human characters, Mario Kart 8 is overwhelmingly white. Of the 29 drivers, 14 are human (including Toad and Toadette), and every single one of them is white. While it'd be atypical of Nintendo to introduce new characters into a Mario Kart game, it's also where the deficit is the most obvious, and during play I found myself disappointed that Nintendo's stable of characters so painfully fails to reflect the diversity of its audience.
Despite these omissions, as glaring as the last one is, Mario Kart 8 brings back a type of game long absent from my living room. Sure, there are new power-ups to play with and new tricks, like dodging red shells, to learn, and it'd be nice if there were more courses. That all falls away, though, as the core of Mario Kart 8 delivers exactly what I wanted—a return to the “friends screaming at each other, red-spark generating, mercilessly hitting-each-other-with-shells” action that made the series fun from the start.
Casey Malone is a game designer, comedian and freelance writer living in Boston. They have dibs on Shyguy, please respect the rule of dibs, thank you. Follow them on Twitter @CaseyMalone.
Image copyright PA
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 63,000 to 2.33 million in the three months to January 2014, according to official figures.
The unemployment rate now stands at 7.2% of the population, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said.
The number of people in employment rose to a record 30.19 million, helped by a rise in the number of self-employed.
Average earnings also increased, with pay in the three months to January up 1.4% from a year earlier.
The number of employees in work fell by 60,000, but 211,000 more people were recorded as self-employed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Esther McVey said the figures are going in the right direction
There was better news for young people, as the number of unemployed 16 to 24-year-olds stood at 912,000 in the three months to January, a drop of 29,000 and the lowest level since 2011.
In February, the number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance fell by 34,600 to 1.175 million. Over the course of a year, the number has dropped by 363,200.
'Improving economy'
Employment Minister Esther McVey said the overall fall in unemployment showed that "the growing economy is helping record numbers of people to find a job".
"The rise in employment is being fuelled by businesses and entrepreneurs across the country who are feeling increasingly confident with the improving economy," they added.
Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted: "Another significant fall in unemployment is a sign our long-term economic plan is working, providing security and chances for hard-working people."
But shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves disagreed, saying "long-term youth unemployment has doubled under David Cameron".
"It's clear tens of thousands of young people are not feeling any recovery at all," they said.
Image caption The North East has the highest rate of unemployment in the UK at 9.5%
"Today's figures also show that working people facing a cost-of-living crisis and that prices are still rising faster than wages under David Cameron."
Spending support
David Tinsley, an economist at BNP Paribas, said that while the employment figures were promising, there were some weak areas, pointing out that the rise in employment was down to the increase in the number of self-employed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rachel Reeves welcomed the fall, but said there were still areas of concern
They also noted that the average weekly hours worked by full-time UK employees was down by 0.2%.
However, Mr Tinsley added: "The pick-up in earnings growth and a decent rise in employment, alongside falling inflation, means the prospects for real income growth are looking better. That in turn can help support a more sustainable rise in consumer spending this year.
David Kern, chief economist at the British Chambers of Commerce, said that while youth unemployment had gone down, the rate was "still nearly three times the rate of unemployment as a whole".
Earnings "remain below inflation", they added.
Regional variation
The North East of England has the highest unemployment rate in the UK, at 9.5%. In the South East, where the rate is lowest, only 5.2% are out of work.
The unemployment rate in Scotland fell to 6.9%, in Wales it was 6.7% while in Northern Ireland it was 7.5%.
Just over 10% more men are employed than women in the UK, but the unemployment rate for men was higher than for women, with 7.4% of the male labour force out of work.
There were 159,000 fewer people employed in the public sector in December 2013, compared with the September figure. However, a large part of this reduction was due to the privatisation of Royal Mail.
The figures for unemployment in the three months to January are based on the Labour Force Survey, in which the ONS speaks to 60,000 households once a quarter, making it the country's biggest household survey.
The ONS is 95% confident that the unemployment figure is correct to plus or minus 81,000 people.
Recovery 'broadening'
Separately, the Bank of England released the minutes from the latest meeting of its Monetary Policy Committee.
The minutes showed that all nine MPC members voted earlier this month to keep interest rates at 0.5% and to keep the programme of quantitative easing unchanged at £375bn, as expected.
The MPC noted the recovery in the UK economy was widening beyond consumer spending.
"There were initial signs that the anticipated broadening from household to business spending might have already begun," the minutes said.
"Even so, there remained some way to go to ensure that the recovery was both balanced and sustainable."
you have to correctly keep track of reference counts in your objects. If you get this wrong, you can segfault the interpreter, or introduce a memory leak.
some APIs use a format string, with C variable-length arguments (see e.g PyArg_ParseTuple and its variants). If the C compiler doesn't know the rules, it can't enforce type-safety. This can lead to people accidentally writing architecture-specific code (more on this below)
like any API, function calls can fail. This seems to be a universal rule of computer programming: it's tricky to correctly handle all the errors that can occur - bugs tend to lurk in the error-handling cases
24 25 PyObject * 26 socket_htons(PyObject *self, PyObject *args) 27 { 28 unsigned long x1, x2; 29 30 if (!PyArg_ParseTuple(args, "i:htons", &x1)) { 31 return NULL; 32 } 33 x2 = (int)htons((short)x1); 34 return PyInt_FromLong(x2); 35 } 36
[david@fedora-15 gcc-python]$ ./gcc-with-python show-ssa.py -I/usr/include/python2.7 demo.c
[david@fedora-15 gcc-python]$ ./gcc-with-python cpychecker.py $(python-config --cflags) demo.c demo.c: In function ‘socket_htons': demo.c:30:26: error: Mismatching type in call to PyArg_ParseTuple with format code "i:htons" [-fpermissive] argument 3 ("&x1") had type "long unsigned int *" (pointing to 64 bits) but was expecting "int *" (pointing to 32 bits) for format code "i"
I've been looking at ways to improve the quality of Python extensions written in C.CPython provides a great C API that makes it easy to relatively easy to integrate C and C++ libraries with Python code. We use it extensively within Fedora - for example, Fedora's installation program is written in Python But you do have to be written such code carefully:I want to make it easier for people to write correct Python extension code, so I've been looking at static analysis.None of the existing tools seemed to do exactly what I wanted, and given that all of my work is done with GCC, I wanted a solution that was well integrated with GCC. I also wanted to be able to use Python itself to work on the tool. (I attempted some of this a while back with Coccinelle , but I use GCC, so I wanted to embed the checking directly into GCC).So I've written a GCC plugin that embeds Python within that compiler. This means that it's now possible to write new C and C++ compilation passes in Python, and use Python packages for things like syntax-highlighting, visualization, and so on.That's the theory, anyway. The code is still fairly new, so I've only wrapped a small subset of GCC's types and APIs I've started using this to write a static analyser for CPython extension code Here's an example of what it can do so far...Given this fragment of C code:there's a bug: at line 30, the "i" code to PyArg_ParseTuple signifies an "int", but it's being passed an "unsigned long" from line 28 (via a pointer) to write back its result to. This will break badly on a big-endian 64-bit CPU First of all, we can use the Python support in the compiler to visualize the code:Here's the output. This visualization shows the basic blocks of code, with source code on the left, interleaved with GCC's internal representation on the right:(If you're wondering what the "PHI<>" functions mean in the above, this is actually showing the SSA representation after some of GCC's analysis and optimizations passes have already happened).Given that this is Python, it's really easy to write new visualizations.I've also written the first new compiler warnings using the Python plugin.Here's the output from compiling that C code using my "cpychecker.py" script to add new warnings:I've tried to make the new error message readable, containing as much information as possible.Any ideas on how to improve this?I'm now working frantically on implementing reference-count checking :)I hope that I'll be able to get this into a working state in time for Fedora 16: I'd like to run all of the C Python extension code in the Fedora distribution through a checker , but I need to do a lot of polishing before it's ready!The code is free software (GPLv3 or later), and you can grab it from this git repository:I'm using this Trac instance for bug tracking:Anyone got ideas for other uses for this? Visualizations of code? New compiler warnings? Remember, this thing's built on top of GCC, so (in theory) it can handle anything that GCC can handle e.g. C++ templates, Java, Fortran, and so on.If you want to get involved, or want more information, there's a mailing list here:Thanks to Red Hat for supporting the development of this software! (and for general awesomeness); thanks also to Read the Docs for providing a nifty hosting service for free software API documentation.
Just over two months ago, on May the 11th, President Trump signed an executive order to create a commission to, in their words, help to “promote fair and honest federal elections” -- the foundation of our democracy.
As Vice President Mike Pence said in their opening remarks to the first meeting of the Commission, “Election integrity matters to every American. President Calvin Coolidge reminded us, in their words, that the ‘whole system of American government rests on the ballot box.' And President Reagan declared that the “right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties'.”
By establishing this commission, President Trump is taking action to ensure that the ballot box remains inviolate, and that the crown jewel shines brighter than ever before, said the Vice President.
In remarks to the Commission, President Trump pledged that its work would be open to inspection and would “fairly and objectively follow the facts wherever they may lead.” They also attacked those officials who had refused to cooperate with the investigation, twice saying that voter data from their states would be “forthcoming” and raising doubts about their motives.
“One has to wonder what they're worried about,” said the President. “There's something. There always is.”
Democrats were quick to attack the Commission, former secretary of state in Missouri, Democrat Jason Kander, said at a news conference on Wednesday that the panel's inquiry was a charade.
“This is not really a policy difference between the two parties” over the danger of fraud, they said, but “a political strategy for them that's no different from where they run their TV ads, or where they send mailers, or whose doors they knock on. That's what voter suppression is about for them.”
Top Democrats on Capitol Hill, including Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson, wrote a letter Tuesday to Vice President Pence asking them to remove Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach as the commission's vice chairperson and to drop the group's recent request to state election officials for detailed voter information.
Thompson, the top Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee, Michigan Rep. John Conyers, the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, and others told Pence they were worried the request for voter data would “undermine the integrity of the commission.'' They said they were also concerned the commission could be used as a “tool for voter suppression."
Not to be outdone, Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Ohio, a former chairperson of the Congressional Black Caucus claimed, “Our democracy is under siege… We know that race trumps all. We are being attacked by the White House ... There is no democracy in the world that tries to keep people from voting but this one.''
However, our friend, former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell, a member of the Commission, had a different take.
Blackwell and attorney Ken Klukowski read into the record a law review article they authored entitled “The Other Voting Right: Protecting Every Citizen's Vote by Safeguarding the Integrity of the Ballot Box,” published by the Yale Law & Policy Review.
In their article, they set forth that one way to articulate the right to vote secured by the Constitution is that every properly registered adult citizen has the right to an undiluted vote. Each elector has the right to a vote that carries its full weight, that when it is tallied has its maximum, proper effect to give that citizen a full voice in determining who among us will be entrusted with the powers of government for a term of office.
As they explained in the law review article, this really means the Constitution secures two voting rights. The first is the one we talk about most often: the franchise, the right to cast a ballot on Election Day. Most voting laws combat abuses rooted in the past that denied Americans access to the voting booth.
But there is a second right that accompanies the right to cast a ballot, and that is the right for a citizen's legal ballot to not be diluted or cancelled out by anyone else's illegal activity. That illegal activity could be voter fraud by casting a ballot in more than one precinct or State. It could be a noncitizen voting; whether that noncitizen is a legal alien or an illegal alien, if they are not citizens, then their ballots dilute the votes of American citizens. That illegal activity could be voter intimidation, or voter registration fraud. Or it could be foreign interference in our elections, whether from Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, or any other foreign power. This other voting right is a fundamental constitutional right against any such dilution or cancellation, and Blackwell and Klukowski argue that Commission's mandate from the President of the United States to identify these threats and safeguard against them.
Another topic explored in this scholarly writing is that voting is perhaps the only fundamental right secured by the Constitution that is also a citizen's duty. We all have the right to the free exercise of religion or to keep and bear arms, Blackwell and Klukowski note, but our form of government does not impose them upon us as duties. But when it comes to voting, the Constitution enables “election officials to presume that public-spirited citizens with due concern for the course of state and national policy should be willing to satisfy reasonable regulations and shoulder incidental burdens in the fulfillment of their civic duty.”
The Commission's Vice Chairman, Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, told the group that they had uncovered 128 cases of noncitizens who registered or tried to register in Kansas elections, but that the true number had been estimated to be as great as 18,000.
With access to data nationwide, they said, “this commission will have the ability to find answers to questions that have never been fully answered before” about the extent of illegal voting.
President Trump had it right in their opening remarks: This is not a Democrat or a Republican issue, it's an American issue. It's about the concern of so many Americans that improper voting has taken place and canceling out the votes of lawful American citizens.
President Theodore Roosevelt once said, it is the affair of every honest voter, wherever born, to see that no fraudulent voting is allowed anywhere. Which begs the question, if Democrats are so opposed to investigating illegal voting, are they honest voters?
Trump's National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster spoke at the hawkish Foundation for Defense of Democracies think tank this afternoon. Their remarks on North Korea were particularly worrisome:
The only "acceptable outcome" in North Korea is denuclearization, McMaster says. — William Gallo (@GalloVOA) October 19, 2017
Insisting on denuclearization as the only acceptable outcome with North Korea puts the U.S. and North Korea on an unnecessary collision course that could very easily lead to war. North Korea has stated repeatedly that its nuclear weapons and missile programs are non-negotiable, and they consider them essential to the survival of their regime. Repeated threats from this administration have only made them more certain that they are correct to possess a nuclear arsenal and the means to deliver it, and McMaster's remarks will give them another reason to think so.
The only way that denuclearization could be achieved is through war, regime change, and occupation. The costs of attempting to force North Korean denuclearization would be catastrophic for both North and South Korea and would likely be extremely high for Japan and the U.S. In the event that war led to a nuclear exchange, which is now more likely than it has been in the past, millions would perish and the entire region would be devastated for years to come. This has always seemed unthinkable because the costs would be so great and the war entirely unnecessary, but the administration's position is nonetheless making it more likely to happen.
Calling deterrence “unacceptable” is a huge error for someone in McMaster's position to make, and doing so publicly on multiple occasions is the worst sort of malpractice. To make matters worse, they said this later on:
McMaster to Kim Jong-un: "If you think this weapon is going to make you secure, it's going to have the opposite effect." — William Gallo (@GalloVOA) October 19, 2017
That tells Kim that the U.S. is seriously contemplating an attack on their country, and that could make them think that they have nothing to lose by attacking first. If McMaster is accurately conveying the administration's real position here, it is dangerous and stupid, and if they are only bluffing it is just as bad. The administration's refusal to acknowledge that the U.S. cannot undo North Korea's nuclear weapons progress short of a horrifying war risks creating a situation in which the many opportunities to avoid that war are frittered away through carelessness and arrogance.
A reader calls with disturbing news: Jeopardy! — the best game show ever — has barred Canadians from applying as contestants.
I'll take Canadians Are Way Too Smart for $200, Alex. Could this rumour really be true? I didn't believe it.
And yet there it is on the Jeopardy! website (yes, they exclaim the name!). Potential contestants are told to take an online test, which could lead to a live audition in an American city. To take the test, however, a person must register and provide a zip code which, of course, Canadians don't have.
Dig a little deeper in the site and you come across a Q & A section.
Q: Are Canadians eligible to take this test?
A: “At this time we are precluded from accepting registration information from Canadian residents. We are currently evaluating this matter.”
Wow. And we thought Donald Trump would build that wall, like, after the election.
Here's the awkward part. The iconic host, the ever-gracious Alex Trebek, a household name in a household game, is not only Canadian-born but rather fond of Ottawa, arguably their second home north of the border.
Though originally from Sudbury, they spent several years here studying at the University of Ottawa, where they earned two degrees before graduating in 1962. They later worked in radio and television for the CBC. Local? As a student, they roomed in a house just a couple of streets over from me. So he's something of an Ottawa homie.
A well-known philanthropist, Trebek returned to Ottawa in 2015 to inaugurate the Alex Trebek Alumni Hall on the campus of the university. It was no empty gesture. Trebek, now 75 and the host since 1984, has donated more than $2.25 million to their alma mater and a sign on Séraphin Marion Private bears theirs name.
David Barnabe, 43, a public servant in Ottawa, has long wanted to be a contestant on the show. Their interest goes back to the 1980s when they travelled to Pittsburgh in an effort to make the teen Jeopardy! tournament. “I even met Alex Trebek down there.”
The show opens up its online test period usually once a year and, in 2016, it was in January. When Barnabe went to take the test again, they had to re-register, then stumbled on the zip code request. No go. On to Google, which had a discussion of the new barrier on Reddit, where users were floating various theories about the anti-Canuck rule.
As international laws governing how information is shared over the Internet are ever-changing and complex, we are currently investigating how we can accept registrations from potential Canadian contestants
He's hoping the Canadian exclusion is a temporary thing.
A publicist for the show was unable to provide a detailed explanation as to what has changed with Canadian participation in Jeopardy!, but hinted the country's new anti-spam legislation, in effect since mid-2014, might be a factor.
“As international laws governing how information is shared over the Internet are ever-changing and complex, we are currently investigating how we can accept registrations from potential Canadian contestants,” reads an email response from Alison Shapiro.
“The Jeopardy! Adult, Teen, and College tests have already taken place this year, and we are making every effort to find a solution before the next round of testing is available.”
The online test consists of 50 questions, with a time limit for each. Those who score best are placed in a pool to be invited to a live audition. Since 2006, more than a million people have tried the test.
“The online test has expanded JEOPARDY!'s contestant pool to include more women, minorities, and students,” the website crows. But not bloody foreigners, apparently.
Could it be we're just too smart for Americans?
In April 2014, Ottawa public servant Frédérique Delaprée won about $22,000 after twice being Jeopardy! champion. In November 2010, two of three contestants on the same show were current or former Ottawa residents. So there.
Jeopardy! is one of the few game shows during which important things actually happen. In 2011, IBM's super-smart computer, nicknamed Watson, made news around the world when it easily defeated two legendary (human) champions.
It was a frightening display of a machine's ability to comprehend speech and syntax, not to mention having a lightning-quick way of retrieving tiny bits of information. Watson, by the way, was built with key components developed in an IBM lab in Ottawa. So there.
The daily double? Trebek's had two heart attacks in the past 10 years. Pray this doesn't give them another one.
• Email: kegan@postmedia.com | Twitter: kellyegancolumn
Here's Alex Trebek's response to the Citizen:
Kelly:
Thanks for today's article which brings attention to an issue affecting my native country and the show I love. It is true that for the most recent Jeopardy! contestant tryouts, Canadians were precluded from taking the online test, since the show must now comply with new rules set down by the Canadian government. However, people are in our contestant pool for 18 months, and we have featured several Canadians as contestants on Jeopardy! this season (at least 7 at last count), including one who will appear this Monday, February 22, and two more who have already taped for appearances in March. We have had many Canadians as contestants throughout the history of the show, and we hope that will continue, because Canadians make great game show contestants. We look forward to having more try out as soon as we are sure we can comply with all Canadian online privacy laws.
Alex Trebek
Cricket Australia's chief executive James Sutherland has stressed the need to view proposed changes to the structure of international cricket in their entirety, after the BCCI expressed its opposition to the concept of two-tier Test cricket.
ICC chief executive David Richardson has advocated what they call a "proper competition structure" for Test cricket, which could see a top division of the seven highest-ranked Test nations and a lower division including the sides ranked eight to ten, as well as new Test teams from the Associate nations.
The concept was discussed at the ICC's annual conference in Edinburgh in June, along with other potential changes to the structure of international cricket. However, the boards of both Sri Lanka and Bangladesh expressed their opposition to two-tier Test cricket, a stance that has now been backed by BCCI president Anurag Thakur.
"In the two-tier system, they will lose out on a lot, including revenue and the opportunity to play against top teams," Thakur said of lower-ranked Test sides. "We don't want that to happen. We want to work in the best interests of world cricket and that is why our team plays against all the countries."
However, Sutherland said nothing under the new proposal would prevent top teams such as India playing against the lower-ranked sides in bilateral contests, and the overall raft of proposed changes would add greater context to international cricket.
"I saw the headlines about that and I saw some comment that that was about India wanting to play against the other countries," Sutherland told ESPNcricinfo. "Well, frankly there's nothing that I'm aware of that stops India from playing against whoever they want to.
"But creating some sort of structure around Test cricket is one small part of what's a number of different components to a major review of the structure and format of international bilateral cricket, something that we believe is really important to ensure the sustainable future of international cricket.
"Whether there are two divisions is one small component. There's a whole lot of other things about what the financial model looks like, how teams that may be in the second division are protected and supported to ensure they're given the best financial backing and other opportunities to bounce back from the second division.
"But we're only talking about Test cricket there. That's one small component of the whole package or raft of things that includes T20 league, one-day league, and competition that adds context and structure to international cricket, and hopefully makes it more sustainable as a fan proposition, which is ultimately the most important thing."
Sutherland said it was too early to speculate about the future of proposed ICC changes, despite the apparent opposition expressed by Thakur last week.
"We'll have discussions about that in time," Sutherland said. "It's hard to gather exactly what people are thinking from headlines or limited media reports. Until you actually get with people and understand what they're thinking it's very difficult to rationalise and probably inappropriate to make too much comment."
This chapter explains the features and navigation of J.K. Rowling's Pottermore.

In This Section So, What's Pottermore Anyway?
You Can Also Visit the Pottermore Shop
How to Navigate Your Way Around Pottermore
Your Adventure Is About to Begin
What started off as an international bestselling book series has grown into a global phenomenon. The best way to experience Harry Potter's incredible adventures is to begin by reading the seven Harry Potter books, written by J.K. Rowling.
Then, you can relive Harry's adventures by watching all eight blockbuster movies. Each is available separately on DVD, as a digital download, or on Blu-ray and will keep you on the edge of your seat.
A Message from Your Owl There's also a vast selection of Harry Potter-inspired toys, action figures, Lego® sets, puzzles, and traditional games, not to mention Halloween costumes, clothing, and fashion accessories designed for Harry Potter fans of all ages.
Plus, if you visit the Universal Studios Orlando theme park in Orlando, Florida, you can literally step into The Wizarding World of Harry Potter for a truly breathtaking and immersive experience. At this theme park, you get a whirlwind tour of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, a look at the Hogwarts Express, be able to walk through Diagon Alley, plus visit Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands.
If you happen to be in London, you can get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the Harry Potter movies when you visit the Warner Bros. Studio Tour London – The Making of Harry Potter attraction.
Or if you're a gamer, you can take control of Harry Potter's adventures at home by playing a series of action-packed video and computer games that are available for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Windows PC, Wii, and Nintendo DS.
After you get to know Harry, Ron, Hermione, Professor Dumbledore, Hagrid, Lord Voldemort, and the rest of the incredible, unusual, and often heroic characters within the Harry Potter series, there are so many different ways to relive their adventures and, in some cases, create your own.
A Message from Your Owl One of the latest video game projects that J.K. Rowling is personally involved with is called Wonderbook: Book of Spells for the PlayStation 3. It enables you to read and actually experience what's inside the 200-year-old Book of Spells, which until now has been stored in the Restricted section of the Hogwarts library and available to select witches and wizards only.
And then, there's Pottermore! Anyone who can surf the Web, using a PC, Mac, or tablet, can visit www.Pottermore.com and experience Harry Potter's adventures in a unique and highly interactive way.
A Message from Your Owl Keep in mind that some tablets (such as the Apple iPad) cannot display animations, which will limit what you can do during your visit to Pottermore. Other tablets, however, work with Pottermore just fine.
So, What's Pottermore Anyway?
J.K. Rowling themselves has teamed up with a group of talented website designers, game developers, artists, and other technological geniuses to create an online world based faithfully on the Harry Potter books. This unique website is called Pottermore.
A Message from Your Owl Experiencing Pottermore.com is free. You can spend as much time as you want visiting and revisiting each area of Pottermore after you set up your very own account.
Pottermore isn't an eBook, but it does highlight important scenes from every chapter of the Harry Potter books, and it enables you to delve much deeper into those scenes by reading exclusive information that J.K. Rowling has written and added only to the Pottermore website.
You can also read detailed descriptions of characters, creatures, magical objects, and enchanted items, plus many of the locations that were featured within the Harry Potter books.
These descriptions reveal previously unreleased details and convey J.K. Rowling's personal thoughts and opinions, so you can discover things about Harry Potter's world that were not included within the original books or movies.
Plus, as you're making your way through Pottermore and experiencing each chapter of each book, two things happen at once. First, you follow in the footsteps of Harry, Ron, and Hermione and relive some of their awesome and magical adventures (in the order they happened within the Harry Potter books).
At the same time, however, your character within Pottermore has their own unique adventure, which you will help to control.
After establishing your Pottermore account, you have the chance to
Obtain your own, unique magic wand from Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands.
Select an animal avatar (an owl, cat, or toad) from Eeylops Owl Emporium & Magical Menagerie, which is located along Diagon Alley.
Become a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, put on the Sorting Hat, and be placed into Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin.
Collect dozens of items during your exploration.
Cast spells with your unique magic wand.
Participate in the Wizard's Duel using your magic wand.
Mix and brew magical potions.
Earn house points based on your achievements and to help your house win the Pottermore House Cup.
Share items and gifts with other Pottermore fans.
Post your ideas and thoughts about Pottermore and the Harry Potter books so that other Harry Potter fans can discover what you think.
Create and share your own Harry Potter-themed drawings and artwork.
Like the book series itself, Pottermore is divided into seven distinct areas, starting with Book 1, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Your online adventure begins in Book 1, Chapter 1, “The Boy Who Lived.”
A Message from Your Owl You aren't able to proceed beyond Book 1, until you've completed all 17 online chapters, which faithfully follow the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone book.
When Pottermore was first launched, only Book 1 was unlocked. Over time, each additional area within Pottermore will become available, giving you access to all new adventures and challenges.
For example, Book 2, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was unlocked on Pottermore in mid-summer 2012. Before you can access it though, you have to unravel all the mysteries and collect all the hidden items within Book 1 (which this unofficial strategy guide will help you do).
Wizarding Tip After you've acquired your own magic wand and the ability to cast spells (which happens as you explore Book 1 online), you can then visit the Spells or Potions area of Pottermore at anytime to perfect your skills as a young wizard or witch, plus earn points for your house.
Last December we reported on a Go! Airlines flight where the pilots fell asleep and missed the airport. Today a Northwest Airlines Airbus A320 flight missed their destination of Minneapolis by 150 miles.
The flight crew said they became engrossed in a conversation about airline policy (and honestly, who couldn't?) and lost track of their location. However, the FAA is investigating if pilot fatigue played any roll in this event.
The flight from San Diego to Minneapolis had 144 passengers onboard and none of them were aware of what happened, until the aircraft was swarmed by police once they finally arrived. The police kept all passengers onboard until they were allowed to question the flight crew.
The FAA lost contact with the aircraft while it was traveling at 37,000 feet and they notified the Air National Guard, who then put two fighter jets on alert. They were never given the order to take off.
Andrea Allmon, a passenger who had been traveling from San Diego on business, stated, “When I do my job, I do my job. These guys are supposed to be paying attention to the flight. The safety of the passengers should be first and foremost. (It's) unbelievable to me that they weren't paying attention. Just not paying attention.”
 They are right. No matter if they were awake having a heated debate, they should have still been paying attention to their flight and of course the radio. The FAA is investigating the incident and the two pilots have been suspended from flying. Hopefully it is not found that the pilots fell asleep during flight.
follow airlinereporter.com on | web | twitter | email |
AFP | Sixteen Azeri servicemen were among those killed in the past two days, Azerbaijan's defence ministry said Tuesday
Azerbaijan confirmed Tuesday that a ceasefire had been agreed with Nagorny-Karabakh as talks to end the worst violence in decades in the disputed territory kicked off in Vienna after 64 people were killed in four days of fighting.
ADVERTISING Read more
Sixteen Azeri servicemen were among those killed in the past two days, Azerbaijan's defence ministry said Tuesday.
Tuesday's meeting will gather Russia, the United States and France in the so-called Minsk Group to spearhead attempts to end a longstanding but low-key conflict that flared dangerously last Friday.
Analysts say the crisis could set a spark to the Caucasus, a tinderbox region of rival ethnic groups.
Russia and the United States have called for the fighting to end but Turkey is standing by Azerbaijan, predicting that the disputed territory its ally lost will "one day" be recovered.
A landlocked mountainous region with an ethnic Armenian majority lying within Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh has been in dispute since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Separatists backed by Yerevan announced allegiance to Armenia and then declared an independent republic, a move that has not been recognised, including by Armenia.
In the subsequent fighting, around 30,000 lives were lost and thousands of people from both ethnic groups fled their homes. A ceasefire brokered by Russia was signed in 1994, but the two foes have never agreed on a lasting peace.
Sporadic clashes occur along the front line, but the latest bloodshed represents a perilous escalation.
The flare-up "threatens the stability of the strategic Caucasus region which is a transit route of Caspian oil and gas to European markets that bypasses Russia, reducing Europe's dependence on Russian energy supplies", Sergi Kapanadze, a professor of international relations at Tbilisi State University, told AFP.
Standing 'side-by-side'
Energy-rich Azerbaijan, whose military spending exceeds Armenia's entire state budget, has repeatedly threatened to take back the breakaway region by force.
It claims to have captured several strategic positions inside Karabakh since fighting erupted on Friday in what would be the first change in the frontline since the end of the war.
Baku announced a unilateral truce on Sunday but it failed to stop the fighting. On Monday Armenia said a ceasefire would only be possible if both sides return to their previous positions.
Azerbaijan's defence minister, Zakir Gasanov, instead ordered the army to be ready to strike Karabakh's self-declared capital Stepanakert "in case of continued Armenian bombardment of civilian targets in Azerbaijan".
Hundreds of ethnic Armenian volunteers have since headed to the city to fight alongside separatist forces, while local authorities have been busy organising shelters for the refugees from frontline villages.
The talks in Vienna were to start at 1pm GMT, but Tuesday's session was scheduled to be brief and with no announcement to the media.
President Vladimir Putin of Russia, which has sold weaponry to both sides but has far closer economic and military ties to Armenia, has called for a ceasefire, a move that was echoed by Washington.
But Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan – another regional power broker who has been at loggerheads with Putin since Ankara downed a Russian warplane near the Syrian border in November – has stood alongside Azerbaijan.
"We are today standing side by side with our brothers in Azerbaijan. But this persecution will not continue forever," Erdoğan said in televised comments.
"Karabakh will one day return to its original owner. It will be Azerbaijan's."
(FRANCE 24 with AFP)
Understanding and treating procrastination - A review of a c ommon self-regulatory failure. Rozental & Carlbring; 2014 Fiche de lecture Définition :
Plusieurs définitions qui se basent sur différents aspects de la procrastination, tel que : distress, delay, irrationnal. Steel propose une définition pour résumer. Steel (2007)
: “One's voluntarily delay of an intended course of action despite being worse
of
f as a result of that delay.”
“le délai volontaire
d'une action prévue en dépit d'un résultat pire dû à ce délai.
”
Ce qui explique ou cause la procrastination :
• La prévalence
: Mesure obtenue grâce à des self reports, 15 à 20% de la population adulte et 50% de la population étudiante.
• Aspect sociodémographique
: Moins de Femme que d'Homme
; les jeunes sont plus touchés que les personnes âgés (quelques hypothèses là-dessus concernant la subjectivité dans la perception du temps, plus on est vieux, moins on a de temps à perdre, on fait le parallèle avec la procrastination, moins on de temps moins on procrastine. Cause, explique, provoque la procrastination :
• Les stimuli environnementaux
: - plus de distractibilité = plus de procrastination. - Plus on est organisé, moins on procrastine.
• Les croyances irrationnelles
: les procrastinateurs diffèrent leurs tâches plus que les autres à cause
de ‘self doubt', de ‘lack of self efficacity'(perçue
?) et ont plus tendance à abandonner quand ils rencontrent des obstacles ou un problème.
• Caractéristiques de la tâche
:
Si on manque d'intérêt pour la tâche, si on la voit comme aversive, si elle procure de l'anxiété ou demande beaucoup d'effort, il y aura plus tendance à
procrastiner.
• Les facteurs motivationnels
:
plus de delay s'il y a peu de motivation.
Motivation intrinsèque corrélée avec moins de procrastination.
Les personnes qui procrastinent ne manquent pas d'
intention
!
Mais il y a un problème au niveau du passage de l'intention à l'action.
Quant à la motivation extrinsèque, c'e
st plus compliqué car accomplir la tâche peut être récompensant mais joue aussi sur la m
otivation intrinsèque donc il faut démêler si c'
est la motivation intrin ou extrin qui joue vraiment.
•Théories motivationnelles
: Elles sont résumées par la TMT en 2006, Temporal Motivation Theory. Elle sert à expliquer le processus de prise de décision, et est utilisée en 2012 par Steel pour expliquer la procrastination.
Cette TMT s'inspire de 4 théories
: -
Tendance à choisir une récompense immédiate plutôt qu'une à plus long
terme. -
Expectency theory, déterminer le résultat d'une activité selon sa valeur et la probabilité
d'arriver à cette valeur.
-
Cumulative prospect theory : considérer les pertes et ga ins d'une activité, en référence à
une ligne de base ou un statu quo, et où les pertes pèsent plus que les gains. - Need theory : on choisit une activité qui apaise ou satisfait un besoin. TMT

La TMT suggère qu'un individu s'engagera dans une activité en considérant son utilité o u
ses bénéfices en se basant sur quatre variables
: Les attentes d'arriver à tel résultats, la valeur de ce résultat, le timing de ce résultat, et la sensibilité au delay (qui se réfère à l'équation de la
procrastination.)

Devenir motivé est alors lié à : la valeur assignée à une t
âche, la probabilité qu'on puisse la réaliser (attente d'efficacité), l'immédiateté de la récompense, et la capacité à différer les
récompenses.
CELA DIT, les individus détermineront différemment l'utilité ou l'implication envers une tâche selon l'influenc
ISLAMABAD: The Council of Islamic Ideology (CII), in a statement released on Tuesday, declared killing in the name of honour as un-Islamic and against the law of the land.
“There are laws in the country to deal with the obscenity and other moral crimes so one cannot kill other in the name of honour,” the CII statement said.
The council, however, maintained that being provoked after witnessing a moral sin by a close relative is an element of human nature.
There is no room for anyone to kill an individual after being provoked by a moral sin, as punishments for the same exist in the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC) and the Sharia, it added.
“Every accused should be brought before the court,” the council's statement said, adding that it is up to the court to declare an individual as guilty or innocent.
The CII also declared that “extra judicial killing is simply an offense”, and it is the prerogative of the court to excuse an accused's behaviour in honour killing cases.
“The executive needs to implement laws instead of amending them or making new ones,” added the CII statement.
70 year old Cybersecurity pioneer John McAfee has announced they will be in the running for the Libertarian Presidential ticket.
According to USA Today:
The mercurial McAfee, who this year announced their run for the presidency under the Cyber Party to “disrupt the political status quo” and warn of the “dangerously ignored issue of cybersecurity,” said in a phone interview today they will join the Libertarian Party, where they are likely to land the nomination. “They have (10) candidates (for president), none of whom have personality,” said a laughing McAfee, who is is running on a platform to pardon all marijuana users in prison and “stop the U.S. from being the world's police officer.”
For many libertarians this news will come as welcome breath of fresh air. In the midst of a somewhat stale pool of liberty candidates. Rand Paul is not doing as well as many would like and has still not managed to gain the support of the many who were died hard supporters of their father. Gary Johnson still hasn't formally announced whether they plan to shit or get off the pot. Austin Petersen should probably just walk their steadfast obnoxious ass straight into oncoming traffic.
Here is an interview Derrick Broze had with McAfee back in September where McAfee lays down their thoughts and agendas pertaining to the drug war, the Federal Reserve, Team America World Police, the Silk Road & the other 2016 Presidential candidates.
Researchers find romantic kissing is not the norm in most cultures
Aug. 5, 2015
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- For generations, passionate kisses immortalized in movies, songs and the arts have served as a thermometer of romantic affection.
But current research has found that not only is romantic kissing not the norm in most cultures, some find it uncomfortable and even flat-out repulsive.
Justin Garcia, research scientist at Kinsey Institute at Indiana University, is the co-author of a new study published in the journal American Anthropologist -- "Is the Romantic-Sexual Kiss a Near Human Universal?" -- that looked at 168 cultures throughout the world to better understand where kissing does and doesn't occur.
Using standard cross-cultural methods, the study found that fewer than half of all cultures surveyed -- 46 percent -- engage in romantic/sexual kissing. Romantic kissing was defined as lip-to-lip contact that may or may not be prolonged.
“We hypothesized that some cultures would either not engage in romantic/sexual kissing, or find it to be a strange display of intimacy, but we were surprised to find that it was a majority of cultures that fell into this category,” said Garcia, assistant professor of gender studies in the IU Bloomington College of Arts and Sciences. “This is a real reminder of how Western ethnocentrism can bias the way we think about human behavior.”
Romantic kissing was most prevalent in the Middle East, where all 10 of the cultures studied engaged in it. In North America, 55 percent of cultures engaged in romantic kissing, along with 70 percent in Europe and 73 percent in Asia.
But there was no evidence of romantic kissing in Central America, and no ethnographer working with Sub-Saharan African, New Guinean or Amazonian foragers or horticulturalists reported any evidence of romantic kissing in the populations they studied, according to the research.
The research conducted by Garcia and colleagues also found a relationship between social complexity and kissing: The more socially complex and stratified a society is, the higher the frequency of romantic kissing.
Interest in the study stemmed from renewed attention in the role of close touch and kissing in people's romantic and sexual lives, Garcia said. Recent work on the issue, they said, has made claims about the universality of erotic kissing, some even claiming 90 percent of societies engage in the act.
“However, we realized no one had used standard cross-cultural methods to assess how frequently kissing actually occurs in different societies, but by doing so, we could begin to understand why it might occur in some places and not others,” they said.
It is not clear where romantic/sexual kissing evolved from, Garcia said. Some animals engage in similar behaviors; chimpanzees, for example, are known to engage in open-mouth kissing.
When it comes to humans kissing, Garcia pointed out that it does serve as a way to learn more about a partner, “whether one feels there is any ‘chemistry,' or possibly to assess health via taste and smell, and in some ways to assess compatibility with each other.”
“There is likely a biological underpinning to kissing, as it can often involve exchange of pheromones and saliva, and also pathogens -- which might be particularly dangerous in societies without oral hygiene, where kissing may lead to spread of respiratory or other illness,” they said. “But this is only in societies that have come to see the erotic kiss as part of their larger romantic and sexual repertoires. How that shift occurs is still an open question for research.”
Study co-authors are William Jankowiak, Distinguished Professor of Anthropology, and Shelly Volsche, graduate research assistant in anthropology, both at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Donnarumma shuts down Milan questions at Italy press conference amid social media 'uproar'
The teenage goalkeeper refused to be drawn into any responses on their future at Milan, instead choosing to speak only about Italy's U-21 side
Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma refused to answer questions related to their club future at a press conference on Monday and has apologised for the 'uproar created around him.
The 18-year-old has a year remaining on their contract with the Rossoneri, but their agent Mino Raiola has indicated that the teenager will not sign a new deal.
Donnarumma farce has been a PR disaster for Raiola​
The latest twist in the tale came when Donnarumma seemed to change their mind and pledge their future to Milan on Instagram, only to later claim their account had been hacked.
Donnarumma, who also denied rumours of a split with Raiola on social media at the weekend, is preparing to face in the semi-finals of the European Under-21 Championship on Tuesday and they apologised for the bizarre social media incidents.
"I wanted to come here," Donnarumma said at the media conference on Monday. "I wanted to show that I'm calm and thinking about tomorrow's game. I'm sorry this uproar has been created around me.
"Now I'm just thinking about the Spain game, my future will be spoken about after the national team. Social media can be both fun and not, but I use it to pass a bit of time."
Hackeraggio sul mio account
Chiudo social https://t.co/GMkxsdZsct — Gianluigi Donnarumma (@gigiodonna1) June 25, 2017
Donnarumma insisted they are not worried about their performances after making errors in the last group game against .
"I haven't had time to think about mistakes, but it's not a matter of my mentality," they added.
"I'm here to think about the national team and winning this European Championship."
DONNARAIOLA x HATERS 1-0
What's next? — Mino Raiola (@MinoRaiola) June 25, 2017
Raiola, whose other clients include Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, has also had their say on the ongoing drama between himself, Milan and Donnarumma.
They posted on Twitter: "'Tweets between me and Gigi are tweets of friendship. After Euros we'll meet Milan. Now the national team is important."
Scientists wonder why some people get so sick and even die after being infected by the foodborne pathogen E.coli O157:H7, while others experience much milder symptoms and recover relatively quickly. Now Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences researchers believe they have discovered an explanation.
Over the course of a four-year study, researchers co-cultured the pathogenic E. coli O157:H7 serotype with a nonpathogenic strain of the bacteria and inoculated mice. These mice got much sicker than mice that were infected with the pathogenic strain alone. The finding appears to be especially relevant because people normally have multiple strains of E. coli living in their intestines.
Most E. coli bacteria are harmless and are an important part of a healthy intestinal tract, noted co-author Edward Dudley, associate professor of food science. However, some E. coli are pathogenic, meaning they can cause illness by producing toxins that can result in bloody diarrhea, severe abdominal cramps or other more serious conditions, such as impaired kidney function.
"Within our intestines, each of us carries several hundred different types of bacteria, including E. coli, and E. coli comes in a large number of varieties. These range from organisms that just naturally colonize our intestines and provide us with benefits to organisms like the ones I focus on that have evolved to be very virulent," they said. "This research suggests that some strains of harmless E. coli in our intestines can interact with pathogenic E. coli in ways that will either increase or decrease how much toxin the pathogen produces. And that may dictate how sick one gets with an E.coli infection, or even if an infection proves to be fatal."
The study, which was published recently in Infection and Immunity, may be a significant step toward doctors being able to predict how an E. coli-infected patient will fare by evaluating a stool sample and analyzing the presence or absence of various strains of nonpathogenic E. coli. However, an advance like that would first require follow-on studies like those now being conducted in Dudley's laboratory, aimed at determining which nonpathogenic strains of bacteria amplify the production of E.coli O157:H7 "Shiga" toxin.
"One of the issues with this particular pathogen is that by the time people are infected, we can't do much for them," said Dudley. "We can't use antibiotics because antibiotics make E.coli O157:H7 more virulent -- the only treatment is just to monitor the individual and make sure they or they don't become dehydrated and be sure the kidneys stay functional."
"What our findings suggest is that by looking carefully at the gut flora of someone who is sick -- while we can't necessarily treat them right away -- we soon may be able to make a prediction about what the outcome of the disease is going to be. We can see if the patient is going to clear the organisms and have mild symptoms, or if they are likely to have something that is more serious."
To test their hypothesis, lead researchers Kakolie Goswamie and Chun Chen, recent Ph.D.s in food science, cultured multiple strains of E. coli, inoculated otherwise germ-free mice and followed the resulting infections. Researchers then examined the animals' kidneys, intestines and livers after their demise, using molecular biology and DNA-sequencing techniques, along with biochemistry procedures. Goswamie is now at Sample6,Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Chen is at Abbott Laboratories, Shanghai, China.
"These findings create a compelling argument to reconsider the appropriateness of assessing the virulence potential of E. coli O157:H7 strains solely by quantifying Shiga toxin production in pure cultures, because there are many strains of otherwise harmless E. coli present in the human intestine that have the potential to enhance Shiga toxin production," Goswamie said. "More research on the interactions between E. coli O157:H7 and the plethora of bacterial species present in the intestine is needed to appreciate how the gut microbiome affects virulence of this foodborne pathogen."
The next step will be to study how pathogenic and nonpathogenic organisms communicate with each other and how modern medicine might use that information to minimize the course of disease, Dudley said. "We hope these findings have both a diagnostic potential and the promise of leading to information that will make the disease outcome less severe."
Open wide, your next serving of Bachelor in Paradise is coming in whether you're ready or not! I certainly wasn't. But we're here now, so open up the Drinking Game and join me for the fifth hour of this show in three weeks.
Jared and Caila are building on their foundation from last episode when Ashley arrives. With a bit of prompting from Chris Harrison, they reveal that they and Jared have fooled around since last season, but not for at least five months. They set a goal of only crying three times this season; I think she'll top that in the first episode, because it's clear she's crazy.
Thankfully, Sarah fills me in on why this arrival is dramatic: they met on Paradise last year, and Ashley was crazy for Jared. Is crazy for Jared. It's both. Jared tries to get out in front of any drama and brings Ashley up to speed on their situation with Caila. It doesn't go over well.
By Unicorn Riot
cannonball, ND – The water protector camp that for months formed a beachhead against Dakota Access Pipeline construction was destroyed midday Thursday, February 23rd. A combination of law enforcement and military units forced aside the last inhabitants so the remaining structures could be demolished, while a Customs and Border Protection (CBP) helicopter orbited overhead.
The Army Corps of Engineers' deadline of Wednesday, February 22nd, demanding water protectors clear out of the main #NoDAPL camp, passed without law enforcement entering the camp, although several journalists were attacked (see our full report).
The main camp, which several weeks ago hosted thousands of people, known as Oceti Sakowin or Oceti Oyate, often called ‘Oceti' for short, was dismantled with 46 arrests reported on Thursday (AP).
If you missed the heavily militarized eviction of the main #NoDAPL encampment, here is a snippet from our #LIVE feed https://t.co/R36xX5Yw17 pic.twitter.com/IlvqH9qzXu — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 24, 2017
The eviction force was comprised of a variety of agencies including the Morton County Sheriff's Department, North Dakota Highway Patrol, Bismarck Police Department, the North Dakota National Guard, and federal agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms and Explosives (ATF). Out-of-state law enforcement from the Wisconsin State Patrol (WSP) was also deployed under the Emergency Management Assistance Compact (EMAC). [See our Nov. 26th report with WSP EMAC deployment and budget documents.]
Just after 11 am, the combined eviction forces began their approach into the camp. Between a few dozen to a hundred water protectors were estimated remaining in camp at that time, with most having left the previous day but some having returned that morning by walking across the frozen Cannonball River.
Bypassing the main entrance, two Bobcat-type skid steer loaders were used to clear a path down the snowy hill into the north end of Oceti Oyate. Bearcat and MRAP armored vehicles, accompanied by a large number of Humvees and sheriff's deputies, police with riot gear and live weapons, descended down the path into the camp.
LIVE: Three more Humvees descending into main camp right now, dozens of riot police are in the camp now – https://t.co/R36xX5Yw17 #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/yF9Z1vjz6p — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 23, 2017
Different teams of law enforcement roamed throughout the north end of the Oceti camp, establishing perimeters and performing military-style sweeps of tipis and other structure, entering each structure with guns drawn.
WATCH as militarized police knife open a sheltered structure during their eviction of the main #NoDAPL encampment https://t.co/YDWKf0paPs pic.twitter.com/uuu7eGUt1l — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 23, 2017
Several water protectors who remained in the camp were arrested. Some of the water protectors had been engaged in prayer at the time of arrest. It was reported that other arrestees told the officers that they were violating treaties as they made arrests. A group of veterans was also arrested while passively resisting.
A separate force with utility terrain vehicles entered from the east.
As on the previous day, North Dakota authorities arrested several journalists who were reporting on the scene. Independent journalists Ed Higgins and Christopher Francisco were both arrested while documenting the eviction.
One water protector held a position on top of large structure for some time:
A Water Protector sits at the apex of a structure as militarized pd surround structure & start making arrests. #LIVE https://t.co/YDWKf0paPs pic.twitter.com/SYMlv3c1qD — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 23, 2017
After the eviction force finished clearing the entire grounds of the camp, they formed a curved formation facing south, and began pushing the remaining crowd back, forcing people to retreat onto the iced-over Cannonball River.
As this push advanced, law enforcement charged forward and several arrests were made, and at least six officers fell face down in the mud and snow as they attempted to run downhill towards targets who evaded them. Two water protectors were also tackled and arrested during the charge.
Militarized police fall face-first in attempts to tackle water protectors – #NoDAPL – For info & #LIVE feeds https://t.co/YDWKf0paPs pic.twitter.com/bundHNyrGf — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 23, 2017
As some water protectors remained on the frozen Cannonball River, others had gathered to observe the eviction from the Rosebud camp on the south side of the river on Standing Rock Indian Reservation land.
A water protector explained to Unicorn Riot that the hasty destruction of the structures would cause more pollution needlessly.
Large structure demolished in main #NoDAPL encampment as a water protector explains the hazardous items inside (Correct Audio) pic.twitter.com/3L33FWIiJ1 — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 24, 2017
After 2:50 pm, after the North Dakota state eviction force had completed their takeover of Oceti Oyate, Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) federal police began to push people out of the Rosebud camp which had also reportedly been slated for eviction yesterday. Park Rangers from the United States National Parks Service (NPS) assisted BIA police in evicting the Rosebud camp on the reservation side of the Cannonball River.
LIVE: BIA federal officers are entering Rosebud camp right now https://t.co/R36xX5Yw17 pic.twitter.com/TyvqlaGFQ6 — Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) February 23, 2017
In an interview with Unicorn Riot, Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Chairman Harold Frazier pledged that resistance to the DAPL pipeline would continue, and they said they intended to work on getting the BIA disbanded through legislation.
Smaller encampments further south, inside Standing Rock Indian Reservation territory, remain active. BIA agents' heavy equipment placed a Jersey barrier across the dirt road through the Rosebud camp, blocking vehicle access in that direction to the Sacred Stone Camp, which was the first camp erected to oppose DAPL, erected in April 2016.
The Department of Homeland Security's Customs and Border Protection surveillance helicopter passed over Unicorn Riot's position on Thursday at close range many times.
As of Thursday night, the Water Protector Legal Collective confirmed that at least 45 people had been arrested during government operations to clear the Oceti and Rosebud camps.
Consistent with a nationwide trend of state legislature cracking down on dissent, Bismarck media reports that Gov. Burgum signed four bills into law relating to crushing DAPL protests House Bill 1293 expanding criminal trespass, House Bill 1304 making a misdemeanor of wearing a mask during a crime, House Bill 1426 expanding riot charges, Senate Bill 2302 allowing “ad hoc special agents” to be named so that external law enforcement summoned under EMAC have additional powers in-state.
Uncut livestream footage from Thursday, February 23rd:
Introduction:
Main morning segment (4 hours):
Short clip:
Bulldozing of Oceti Sakowin and BIA takeover of Rosebud Camp (1hr37min):
Additional media:
Please consider a tax-deductible donation to help sustain our horizontally-organized, non-profit media organization:
July 11, Red Fawn Fallis Sentenced to 57 Months in Federal Prison
Below is Unicorn Riot's coverage of the #NoDAPL anti-Dakota Access Pipeline struggle from early summer 2016 to present:
Werewolf: The Forsaken
This week we present Desert Dreaming Hunt, a story by Leath Sheales from The Idigam Chronicle Anthology for Werewolf: The Forsaken.
In the darkness under the star-spattered sky, John Tjangala Stonewood, Ithaeur and Bone Shadow of the Irretye Dreaming, hunted Sha'gash Nuningsisa as their prey.
Sha'gash Nuningsisa had spewed into the Shadow from one of the many drunken nights in the town of Alice Springs. Had the Forsaken held the town, the spirit would have stayed in the Hisil, feeding on the Essence of humanity's obsession with intoxication. Instead, Fire-Touched Anshega controlled the territory and cared little for protecting humans from the Hisil's residents.
Sha'gash Nuningsisa was tougher than its kin and fattened on a feast of lesser spirits of alcohol and revelry. It was a re?ection of human addiction — it needed its fix and pushed limits to get it. It rode drunks and urged them to excess, imbibing beyond the point of injury and death. It thrilled in the sensations and abandoned its poisoned hosts without a care.
The spirit hadn't meant to leave Alice Springs. Its latest doomed host had stepped into a car with three other drunken humans, and smashed into a feral camel less than fifty miles from the town. The unrelenting dry had forced the animals closer to human settlements in search of water and they wandered across dark roads in ignorance of any danger. Only foolish drivers braved the desert roads after dark — most knew to watch the scrub carefully for the unwitting, wandering killers. Under the effects of Sha'gash Nuningsisa's in?uences, the humans were intoxicated beyond the point of foolishness.
When Sha'gash Nuningsisa woke from the blackness its host was near death — the other humans were already dead. It was confused and lost. The dark sky sparkled with stars, not street lights. It was afraid and vulnerable, and accidentally ?ed further away from town and into the darkness.
Sha'gash Nuningsisa had a three day head start by the time Stonewood arrived at the scene of the car accident. The trail was already colder than they preferred, but John knew tricks to warm it. They were favored by Eagle's Dreaming, and the soaring hunter saw nearly everything from high in the sky. Something from this crash would lead them towards their quarry.
The wrecked car was off the side of the road, upside-down and twisted from the accident. Stonewood sniffed at the wreckage — old blood, oil, plastics, the stink of human sweat in the ruined upholstery — then opened up their senses to Hisil and sniffed again. This time they found the spirit of the car, jolted awake by the wreckage trauma.
Stonewood leaned in close and whispered to it in the First Tongue, spilling a ?icker of Essence through the Gift in their soul. The spirit cried out in despair and pain at the damage to its vessel, but Stonewood hushed its complaints with a snarled command. The terrified spirit obeyed in fear of the Uratha.
Satisfied at the spirit's compliance, Stonewood barked questions at it but quickly realized the spirit knew almost nothing of what had occurred. The Ithaeur clenched their jaw with forced patience and teased out what little the spirit knew, hoping that it would have at least seen which direction Sha'gash Nuningsisa had gone. After much coaxing, Stonewood learned that their prey had ?ed away from Alice Springs. Stonewood grunted in satisfaction — if the spirit had returned to the town, it would have entered Fire-Touched territory and been beyond the Forsaken's grasp.
Stonewood knew almost nothing about their prey. The wolf-blooded police officer who alerted the Dreaming Lodge had taken some description from the victim's confused ghost, but it didn't know it had been spirit-ridden. Although Stonewood's Gifts allowed them to see the lingering shades of dead humans, the weak ghost lacked the motivation and anchors to keep it tethered to the physical world and had faded with the sunrise.
What little Stonewood knew was enough for them to claim the right to hunt Sha'gash Nuningsisa, even though they didn't yet know the spirit's name. The Bone Shadow placed their battered satchel on the ground and removed what they needed to perform the Siskur-Dah, the sacred rite of the hunt.
They grasped long brown wing feathers from a Wedge-Tailed Eagle between their fingers and curled their hands into fists. The feathers jutted outwards and ?uttered in the wind as Stonewood extended their arms and danced a lazy, spiraling circle around the shattered car. They swooped in close to examine it and see the caked blood on the metal and glass; a dull rust darker than the red desert sands. They threw their head back as they circled back away from the car and shrieked the piercing scream of Eagle into the sky, declaring their dedication to the hunter of the skies and proclaiming all that ?ew, walked, swam, or slithered below them as their rightful prey.
The Ithaeur's spiraling dance took them away from the wreck and circled to where Sha'gash Nuningsisa abandoned its host to die. The remnants of ?esh streaked the barren, rocky dirt. Desiccated pools of blood and life-giving ?uids stained the earth to mark where the Shadow had transgressed against the ?esh and violated Father Wolf's laws. Stonewood leapt high into the air, arms outstretched, head forward and down, and landed with violent force on the victim's death-stain. Their bare feet clawed at the ground, grasping the prey in the talons of their totem, as they struck at the air with their beak, rending and tearing at the imagined ephemeral ?esh of the spirit.
Stonewood felt the power of the rite ?ow through them as they danced the Eagle's hunt, casting the spirit as the prey in their shadow hunt and themselves as the predator. They danced and swooped and struck and killed time and again before whirling away and repeating the steps, each time binding their Uratha nature closer to their sacred duty.
When they felt the dance reach its climax and the rite's power settle into their ?esh and spirit, Stonewood stood as straight as they could with arms outstretched and screamed the Eagle's shriek once more into the desert. All creatures within earshot shuddered and fell silent as the Uratha staked their claim. For a moment the world paused and held its breath before releasing it again to empower Stonewood to conduct their hunt.
The Bone Shadow packed their belongings into their bag and growled a respectful thanks to the wrecked car's terrified spirit, before shifting to Urhan and disappearing as a sleek black shadow beneath the unrelenting sun.
Been a while since my last update. I've been busy finishing some overdue projects and pieces I had promised. Today's post is a real treat, however: the weird sci-fi retro-future of the Polish artist Jakub Rozalski (alias Mr. Werewolf).
Rozalski is a bit of an odd duck, from what I can tell. A couple popular websites have featured their work recently, but none of them capture their true essence. Dangerous Minds ought to be commended, along with Hi-Fructose, for recognizing the obvious talent of Mr. Werewolf and publicizing it far and wide. But Martin Schneider's write-up was disappointingly sub-par, in my opinion, well below DM's usually high standards. So I thought I'd try my hand at it.
The digitally-constructed, high-resolution paintings that appear below are taken from Rozalski's 1920+ series and their samizdat art book, World of Scythe. Others have noted the playful anachronisms that abound in these works, set somewhere in interwar Osteuropa across the forest-steppe. Sentinels scour the idyllic countryside — often in outline, as hazy silhouettes — menacing local muzhiks as they pass. Yet their presence seems strangely accepted by the inhabitants of this world, partisan and peasant alike. It's almost as if they've become so inured to the horrors of war that the sight of these towering robots leaves them completely unfazed.
Wells' War of the Worlds is clearly an influence here, with “mechs” adapted to the style of WWI landships and heavily-armored cars. Another article suggested Star Wars' Battle of Hoth sequence, which came a little later. They're not entirely off-mark. Rozalski also draws upon the iconic imagery of Terminator (1985) in their latest series commemorating Polish independence, the Warsaw uprising, and the Nazi invasion of 1939. Cyclopean cyborgs with burning red eyes don German helmets, tattered Wehrmacht uniforms hanging off their steely limbs.
Apart from all this, elements of fantasy enter into Rozalski's steampunk obshchina as well. Grizzly bears are used as pack animals, and peasants smoke long, thin pipes that could be lifted straight from Tolkien, out of the world of Middle Earth. There is something about these paintings that strikes a chord with me, and apparently others. No one would mistake these paintings by Rozalski for great art, as if such a thing were possible in this day and age. But they do bring together Babel's Red Cavalry and Final Fantasy VI, a winning formula if ever there was.
34.052234 -118.243685
With lightning telegrams: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
More
Reddit
Pinterest
Coordinates:
The Sankore Madrasah
Postcard published by Edmond Fortier showing the mosque in 1905-06
Sankoré Madrasah, The University of Sankoré, or Sankore Masjid is one of three ancient centers of learning located in Timbuktu, Mali, West Africa. The three mosques of Sankoré, Djinguereber Mosque and Sidi Yahya compose the University of Timbuktu. Madrasah (مدرسة) means school/university in Arabic and also in other languages associated with Muslims.
History [ edit ]
The University of Sankore has its roots in the Sankore Mosque which was founded in 989 AD by Al-Qadi Aqib ibn Mahmud ibn Umar,the Supreme Judge of Timbuktu. The Sankore University prospered and became a very significant seat of learning in the Muslim world, especially under the reign of Mansa Musa (1307-1332) and the Askia Dynasty (1493-1591).[1]
Growth as a center of learning [ edit ]
Timbuktu had long been a destination or stop for merchants from the Middle East and North Africa. It wasn't long before ideas as well as merchandise began passing through the fabled city. Since most if not all these traders were Muslim, the mosque would see visitors constantly. The temple accumulated a wealth of books from throughout the Muslim world becoming not only a center of worship but a center of learning. Books became more valuable than any other commodity in the city, and private libraries sprouted up in the homes of local scholars.
Apex [ edit ]
By the end of Mansa Musa's reign (early 14th century CE), the Sankoré Masjid had been converted into a fully staffed Madrassa (Islamic school or in this case university) with the largest collections of books in Africa since the Library of Alexandria. The level of learning at Timbuktu's Sankoré University was superior to that of many other Islamic centers in the world. The Sankoré Masjid was capable of housing 25,000 students and had one of the largest libraries in the world with between 400,000 to 700,000 manuscripts.[2]
Organization [ edit ]
As the center of an Islamic scholarly community, the University was very different in organization from the universities of medieval Europe. It had no central administration other than the Emperor. It had no student registers but kept copies of its students' publishing. It was composed of several entirely independent schools or colleges, each run by a single master or imam. Students associated themselves with a single teacher, and courses took place in the open courtyard of the mosque or at private residences.
Curriculum [ edit ]
The curriculum of Sankoré and other masjids in the area had four levels of schooling or "degrees". On graduating from each level, students would receive a turban symbolizing their mastery. The schooling was not secular as arguments that could not be backed by the Qur'an were inadmissible in debates. However, secular teaching (geometry, mathematics) were included and stressed to develop well-rounded individuals.
Qur'anic School [ edit ]
The first or primary degree (Qur'anic school) required a mastery of Arabic and certain African languages and writing along with complete memorization of the Qur'an. Students were also introduced to basic sciences at this level.
General Studies [ edit ]
The secondary degree or General Studies degree focused on full immersion in the basic sciences. Students learned grammar, mathematics, geography, history, physics, astronomy, chemistry alongside more advanced learnings of the Qur'an. At this level they learned Hadiths, jurisprudence and the sciences of spiritual purification according to Islam. Finally, they began an introduction to trade school and business ethics. On graduation day, students were given turbans symbolizing Divine light, wisdom, knowledge and excellent moral conduct. After receiving their diplomas the students would gather outside the examination building or the main campus library and throw their turbans high into the air cheering and holding each other's hands to show that they were all brothers and sisters.[3]
Superior Degree [ edit ]
The Superior degree required students to study under specialized professors doing research work. Much of the learning centered on debates to philosophic or religious questions. Before graduating from this level, students attached themselves to a Sheik (Islamic teacher) and demonstrated a strong character.
Alumni Level [ edit ]
The last level of learning at Sankoré or any of the Masjids was the level of Judge or Professor. These men worked mainly as judges for the city and eventually the region dispersing learned men to all the principal cities in Mali. A third level student who had impressed their Sheik enough was admitted into a "circle of knowledge" and valued as a truly learned individual and expert in their field. The members of this scholar's club were the equivalent of tenured professors. Those who did not leave Timbuktu remained there to teach or counsel the leading people of the region on important legal and religious matters. They would receive questions from the region's powerful (kings or governors) and distribute them to the third level students as research assignments. After discussing the findings among themselves, the scholars would issue a fatwa on the best way to deal with the problem at hand.
Scholars of Sankoré [ edit ]
Scholars wrote their own books as part of a socioeconomic model. Students were charged with copying these books and any other books they could get their hands on. Today there are over 700,000 manuscripts in Timbuktu with many dating back to West Africa's Golden Age (12th to 16th centuries).[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Woods, Michael: Seven wonders of Ancient Africa, p. 61. Lerner books,United Kingdom 2009. ^ See Said Hamdun & Noël King (edds.), Ibn Battuta in Black Africa. London 1975, pp. 52-53. ^ See Sékéné Mody Cissoko, “L'intelligentsia de Tombouctou aux 15e et 16e siècles”, in Présence Africaine 72 (1969) pp. 48-72, and Jean-Louis Triaud, Islam et sociétés soudanaises au Moyen-Âge: Étude historique. (Étdues voltaïques vol. 16) Paris – Adidjan – Niamey 1973, pp. 167 sq.
Literature [ edit ]
Elias N. Saad, Social History of Timbuktu: The Role of Muslim Scholars and Notables 1400-1900. Cambridge - London - New York 1985.
Internet Sources [ edit ]
The Islamic State forced a starving Yazidi sex slave to eat their own son's corpse as a trick to entertain the jihadis, an Iraqi MP has revealed.
“One of the women whom we managed to retrieve from ISIS said that they were held in a cellar for three days without food or water,” Iraqi MP Vian Dakhil told Egyptian TV channel Extra News. “Afterwards, they brought them a plate of rice and meat. They ate the food because they were very hungry.”
“When they were finished they said to her: ‘We cooked your one-year-old son that we took from you, and this is what you just ate,'” they continued, wiping away the tears as they recounted the ordeal.
Yazidis, a religious minority community native to Northern Iraq, have been the victims of mass persecution at the hands of the Islamic State, who consider them devil worshippers. Last year, the United Nations determined that Islamic State crimes against Yazidis should be classified as genocide.
During the interview, Dakhil revealed further atrocities committed by the terrorist organization, such as the gang rape of girls as young as ten.
“One of the girls said that they took six of their sisters. Them younger sister, a ten-year-old girl, was raped to death in front of their father and sisters. They were ten years old,” they said. “The question that we ask ourselves is: “Why? Why did these savages do this to us?”‘
Dakhil is Iraq's only Yazidi member of Parliament and has become a prominent voice for Yazidis and other victims of the Islamic State. They have long campaigned for greater international effort to prevent the persecution and personally participated in rescue missions to save stranded Yazidis trapped on Sinjar mountain following the Islamic State takeover of Sinjar in 2014.
Other activists and human rights advocates have corroborated the stories of atrocities committed against Yazidis in Iraq. A Yazidi activist told a Woman for Women International conference in April that one survivor witnessed Islamic State terrorists cutting open a pregnant captive and consequently raping their baby before raping them as well.
In May, a report from The Times found that Islamic State had also conducted chemical weapons experiments on live human beings, described as reminiscent of Nazi Germany.
This month, the House passed a bill unanimously that seeks to improve humanitarian efforts towards Yazidis and other persecuted minorities in the Middle East.
“Tens of thousands of religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria continue to face persecution at the hands of ISIS and they need our help now,” Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA) said in announcing the bill's passage. “H.R. 390 will provide urgently needed humanitarian relief to the survivors of what both the Congress and the State Department have labeled as ‘genocide' and ensure we hold the perpetrators of these crimes accountable.”
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
In the wake of Friday's deadly shooting at a Planned Parenthood center in Colorado Springs, Colorado, pro-choice politicians have been sending their support to the nation's largest family-planning organization. The motive behind the shooting, which left three dead and nine others wounded, is not known at this time, but the site of the attack coupled with the months-long Center for Medical Progress campaign to discredit Planned Parenthood has reinvigorated public support for the organization. Among those public figures who lent their support was Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, whose response to the Planned Parenthood shooting was a simple tweet with a strong message.
As the shooting unfolded in Colorado Springs on Friday, Clinton retweeted a statement from Vicki Cowart, the president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, and added this message: "Today and everyday, we #StandWithPP." Clinton also posted the statement on their official Facebook page.
In an updated statement released Friday, Cowart said Planned Parenthood will "never back away from providing care in a safe, supportive environment that millions of people rely on and trust." Cowart still cannot confirm if the Planned Parenthood Colorado Springs clinic was specifically targeted by the shooter, 57-year-old Robert Lewis Dear. Dear allegedly opened fire in the clinic with an assault rifle, but Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains said all of its clinic staff made it out safely.
Democratic National Committee Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz also released the following statement Saturday reiterating the committee's support for Planned Parenthood, as well as stronger gun control laws:
We don't know all of the details about this particular incident, but we do know that our national epidemic of gun violence must be addressed. Women shouldn't have to fear for their lives to access basic health services or exercise their constitutionally-protected right to choose. Parents shouldn't have to fear for their children's lives dropping them off at school in the morning. Americans shouldn't have to fear going to the movies or other public places where someone with a gun can inflict mass terror. We must recommit to ensuring our communities are safe from these all-too-common acts of gun violence, which have claimed the lives of over ten thousand of our fellow Americans every single year since 2000
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA—In a barbed wire–enclosed parking lot 100 meters downwind of the Route 110 freeway, an aluminum hose sticks out of a white trailer, its nozzle aimed at an overpass. Every minute, the hose sucks up hundreds of liters of air mixed with exhaust from the roughly 300,000 cars and diesel-burning freight trucks that rumble by each day.
Crouched inside the trailer, a young chemical engineer named Arian Saffari lifts the lid off a sooty cylinder attached to the hose, part of a sophisticated filtration system that captures and sorts pollutants by size. Inside is a scientific payload: particles of sulfate, nitrate, ammonium, black carbon, and heavy metal at least 200 times smaller than the width of a human hair.
The particles are too fine for much air pollution sensors to accurately measure, says Saffari, who works in a lab led by Constantinos Sioutas at the University of Southern California (USC) here. Typically smaller than 0.2 µm in diameter, these “ultrafine” particles fall within a broader class of air pollutants commonly referred to as PM2.5 because of their size, 2.5 µm or less. When it comes to toxicity, size matters: The smaller the particles that cells are exposed to, Saffari says, the higher their levels of oxidative stress, marked by the production of chemically reactive molecules such as peroxides, which can damage DNA and other cellular structures.
Some of the health risks of inhaling fine and ultrafine particles are well-established, such as asthma, lung cancer, and, most recently, heart disease. But a growing body of evidence suggests that exposure can also harm the brain, accelerating cognitive aging, and may even increase risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
The link between air pollution and dementia remains controversial—even its proponents warn that more research is needed to confirm a causal connection and work out just how the particles might enter the brain and make mischief there. But a growing number of epidemiological studies from around the world, new findings from animal models and human brain imaging studies, and increasingly sophisticated techniques for modeling PM2.5 exposures have raised alarms. Indeed, in an 11-year epidemiological study to be published next week in Translational Psychiatry, USC researchers will report that living in places with PM2.5 exposures higher than the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA's) standard of 12 µg/m3 nearly doubled dementia risk in older women. If the finding holds up in the general population, air pollution could account for roughly 21% of dementia cases worldwide, says the study's senior author, epidemiologist Jiu-Chiuan Chen of the Keck School of Medicine at USC.
Deepening the concerns, this month researchers at the University of Toronto in Canada reported in The Lancet that among 6.6 million people in the province of Ontario, those living within 50 meters of a major road—where levels of fine pollutants are often 10 times higher than just 150 meters away—were 12% more likely to develop dementia than people living more than 200 meters away.
The field is “very, very young,” cautions Michelle Block, a neuroscientist at Indiana University in Indianapolis. Nonetheless, it's a “hugely exciting time” to study the connections between pollution and the brain, they say. And if real, the air pollution connection would give public health experts a tool for sharply lowering Alzheimer's risks—a welcome prospect for a disease that is so devastating and that, for now, remains untreatable.
Demented dogs in Mexico City in the early 2000s offered the first hints that inhaling polluted air can cause neurodegeneration. Neuroscientist Lilian Calderón-Garcidueñas, now at the University of Montana in Missoula, noticed that aging dogs who lived in particularly polluted areas of the city often became addled, growing disoriented and even losing the ability to recognize their owners. When the dogs died, Calderón-Garcidueñas found that their brains had more extensive extracellular deposits of the protein amyloid b—the same “plaques” associated with Alzheimer's disease—than dogs in less polluted cities. They went on to find similarly elevated plaque levels in the brains of children and young adults from Mexico City who had died in accidents, as well as signs of inflammation such as hyperactive glia, the brain's immune cells. Calderón-Garcidueñas's studies didn't have rigorous controls, or account for the fact that amyloid b plaques don't necessarily signal dementia. But later work lent weight to their observations.
Those tubes of fine particles from the 110 freeway have played a key role. In a basement lab at USC, Sioutas and their team aerosolize the pollutants with a hospital nebulizer, then pipe the dirty air into the cages housing lab mice that have been engineered to contain a gene for human amyloid b. Control animals housed in the same room breathe clean, filtered air. After a designated period—220 hours over several weeks, in a recent experiment—the team hands the rodents over to colleagues at USC, who kill the animals and check their brains for signs of neurodegeneration.
Caleb Finch and Todd Morgan, USC neuroscientists who combine studies of aging and the brain, are in charge of the analysis. In mice that breathed the dirty air, they have found, the brain's microglia release a flood of inflammatory molecules, including tumor necrosis factor a, which is elevated in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease and has been linked to memory loss. The pollution-exposed mice also showed other signs of brain damage, the group has reported in several recent papers: more amyloid b than in the control mice and shrunken and atrophied neurites, the cellular processes that extend from neurons toward other cells.
Just how the fine airborne particles might travel from a rodent's nasal cavity to its brain is a mystery. But a research team led by Günter Oberdörster at the University of Rochester in New York has used traceable, radioactive specks of elemental carbon to demonstrate that inhaled particles smaller than 200 nanometers can get through the delicate tissues lining a rodent's nasal cavities, travel along neurons, and spread as far as the cerebellum, at the back of the brain, triggering an inflammatory reaction.
To understand what the animal studies might mean for people, however, scientists need to correlate air pollution exposure with human brain scans and with results from rigorous cognitive testing.
That's not easy to do, as long-term, historical data on pollution exposures are scarce in the United States and many other countries, says Kimberly Gray, a program administrator at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) in Durham, North Carolina. But in a September 2016 review of 18 epidemiological studies from Taiwan, Sweden, Germany, China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, all but one showed an association between high exposure to at least one component of air pollution and a sign of dementia. The review, published in Neurotoxicology, included a 2012 analysis of 19,000 retired U.S. nurses, which found that the more fine particulates the nurses were exposed to, based on monitoring data near their homes, the faster they declined on cognitive tests. For every additional 10 micrograms per cubic meter of air they breathed, their performance on tests of memory and attention declined as if they had aged by 2 years, says Jennifer Weuve, an epidemiologist at Boston University, who led the analysis.
Imaging studies also suggest that pollution attacks the human brain. In a 2015 analysis of brain MRI scans of people enrolled in the Framingham Heart Study, a long-term cardiovascular study in New England, researchers at Harvard Medical School in Boston found that the closer people had lived to a major roadway—and thus the more PM2.5 they had likely been exposed to—the smaller their cerebral brain volume. The association held up even after adjusting for factors such as education, smoking, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease.
Shortly after that study was published, USC's Chen reported another example of brain shrinkage: In 1403 elderly women, the total volume of white matter—the insulated nerve fibers that connect different brain regions—decreased by about 6 cubic centimeters for every 3.5-µg/m3 increase in estimated PM2.5 exposure, based on air monitoring data from participants' residences for 6 to 7 years before the brain scans were taken. Chen's white matter findings are consistent with studies of cultured neurons, which show that exposure to PM2.5 can cause myelin—the fatty insulation that wraps around neuronal axons—to “peel up at the ends, like a Band-Aid,” Block says.
Modes of attack Pollutant particles might make their way to the brain and damage it directly, or they might attack it from a distance, by triggering the release of inflammatory molecules.
Where the risk is greatest is far from clear. Burning just about anything produces PM2.5: oil and gas, firewood, vegetation. Federal- and state-funded networks of air quality monitors in the United States get turned off and on according to political whim, and are frustratingly uneven. According to the American Lung Association less than a third of U.S. counties have ozone or particle pollution monitors, and coverage is especially sparse in rural areas. Those that exist have only measured PM2.5 since 1997—before that, EPA did not monitor particles smaller than PM10.
Over the past several years, however, new computational models have made it possible to fill in some of the gaps in monitoring data, Gray says. In September 2016, NIEHS and the National Institute on Aging launched several new epidemiological studies that will use such modeling to look at the link between air pollution and brain health. One, based in Seattle, Washington, will estimate participants' lifetime exposure to PM2.5 pollution and correlate it with the incidence of dementia, says Lianne Sheppard, a biostatistician at the University of Washington in Seattle.
For their study of the Seattle region, Sheppard and their colleagues will take advantage of a model they developed for an earlier study of air pollution and atherosclerosis. Creating it, they say, took “a huge amount of behind-the-scenes work.” First, they compiled more than a decade of air monitoring data on PM2.5 and other pollutants from 600,000 locations across the United States. For each location, they calculated 800 different geographic variables, such as the distance to ports, factories, refineries, residual oil, and roads. Then they fitted their models to the monitoring data using a 25-by-25-meter grid and estimated PM2.5 concentrations in each grid cell.
Building on the model, Sheppard and colleagues will create an even more detailed estimate of past air pollution levels in and around Seattle. To survey dementia in the region, the team will tap the Adult Changes in Thought study, which has monitored 5000 elderly people in the Seattle area for more than 20 years. Although all the participants were cognitively normal when they joined, at age 65 or so, roughly 1000 have since developed dementia, including 859 Alzheimer's cases. When the participants die and donate their brains to science, as more than 600 already have, pathologists examine their brain tissue for abnormal protein deposits, cerebrovascular damage, and other signs of cellular stress. Combined with genetic studies, Sheppard says, such analyses will allow their group to probe “not just the epidemiology of the relationship between air pollution and cognition, but start drilling down to mechanisms” that explain how airborne pollutants affect the human brain.
I think [air pollution] will turn out to be just the same as tobacco—there's no safe threshold. Caleb Finch, University of Southern California
Some people may be more susceptible than others. In the Translational Psychiatry study, Chen's team found that women carrying the Alzheimer's risk gene APOE4 faced a disproportionately higher risk from pollution. And recently, Finch has started to examine the overlap—and potential synergy—between PM2.5 and cigarette smoke. The smoke is itself rich in ultrafine particles and can trigger the production of amyloid plaques and neuroinflammation in mouse models. Although smoking was once considered protective against Alzheimer's, prospective studies have since established tobacco smoke as a major risk factor, they say. In 2014, for example, a report published by the World Health Organization attributed as much as 14% of Alzheimer's disease worldwide to smoking.
Pollution may take a greater cognitive toll on the poor, in part because they are more likely to live in places with higher PM2.5 exposures, such as near major roadways or ports. Jennifer Ailshire, a USC sociologist, says stresses linked to poverty also could amplify the effects of the toxic particles. In one of their most recent studies, elderly people who rated their neighborhoods as stressful—citing signs of decay and disorder, such as litter and crime—did worse on cognitive tests than people who were exposed to similar pollution levels, but lived in less stressful neighborhoods, they say. “Living in L.A. [Los Angeles], we are all exposed to a lot of pollution, but some of us are fine,” they say. When seeking to reduce the negative health impacts from air pollution, cities “might want to try to focus specifically on reducing pollution in communities particularly vulnerable to these exposures,” they say.
But no one studying the suspected effects of pollutant particles on the brain is eager to do triage. If PM2.5 is guilty as charged, they say, the goal for policymakers worldwide should be to push down levels as far as possible. When all the research is in, Finch says, “I think [air pollution] will turn out to be just the same as tobacco—there's no safe threshold.”
Hundreds of quarries could still be unregistered as a two-year window to register with WorkSafe ends.
Photo: Westpac Rescue
WorkSafe introduced new regulations in 2014, which gave quarries two years to register and update their safety standards.
It says those quarries that remain unregistered are now in line for a crack-down.
Between 2014 and 2015, four men were killed while working at quarries, with two of those at unregistered quarries.
A WorkSafe spokesperson said there could be up to 1200 sites nationwide which could meet the legal definition of a quarry or alluvial mine.
Figures released to RNZ showed 742 quarries had registered with WorkSafe, up from about 500 in December.
WorkSafe also required every quarry to have a certified manager on site.
Chief inspector of extractives Mark Pizey said WorkSafe had done a lot of work to educate the industry about registering before 1 September, so there were no excuses for mines to be operating without doing so.
"We made it clear to the industry that given the time they've had time to notify us of their manager and register on the database that anytime after September first it is likely enforcement action will be taken."
Mr Pizey said quarries could not argue they were unaware of the laws introduced in 2014.
"I think that argument is becoming thin. WorkSafe has been very proactive within the sector, explaining the requirements - we've had meetings and held conferences which were always well attended.
"The majority of quarry operators recognise things needed to be regulated and they're receptive to the changes made," Mr Pizey said.
The industry had an abysmal record over the last few years, they said.
"The work we're doing is to make sure the people managing these quarries are up to standard so we don't see similar statistics again."
Quarry deaths
A DC activist group targeted in a new video by the right-wing provocateur James O'Keefe says it fed one of O'Keefe's associates deliberately false information about its plans to protest an inauguration ball this week. In O'Keefe's video, members of the DC Antifascist Coalition are seen talking about releasing stink bombs and tinkering with the sprinkler system at the National Press Club on Thursday during the “Deploraball,” which is being organized by some of Donald Trump‘s most outspoken online fans.
But the Antifascist Coalition says it knew the cameraman in the video was an actor in O'Keefe's Project Veritas group, and concocted a phony plan in order to throw them off. It may have worked more effectively than the Antifascist Coalition anticipated, as O'Keefe's video is being reported by Breitbart, the Drudge Report, and other Trump-friendly outlets as proof that left-wing protesters plan to engage in “criminal activities” to disrupt the inauguration and its associated events.
The protest group insists there is no actual plot to disrupt the Deploraball with stink bombs or wayward sprinklers, and that the conversation featured in O'Keefe's video was designed as a mole hunt.
The video shows three members of the Antifascist Coalition discussing butyric acid, an active ingredient in stink bombs, and tampering with the fire-suppression system at the National Press Club, over dinner at Comet Ping Pong, the Northwest DC pizza restaurant that has been the target of a smear campaign by the white-nationalist “alt-right” movement. According to the protest group, the dinner was designed to out the cameraman—a person calling themselves “Tyler”—as someone trying to infiltrate their organization. Lacy MacAuley, another member of the Antifascist Coalition, says “Tyler” and a woman calling themselves “Tarah” aroused activists' suspicions when they showed up at organizing meetings with unclear motives.
“The people who were in touch with this person ‘Tyler' said we're going to deal with this shady person and figure out who they are,” MacAuley tells Washingtonian. “They met and decided to give them a false plot to see what that would lead to. The false plot was the kind of things high-school students would want to plan involving stink bombs and sprinkler systems.”
If the DC Antifascist Coalition was, in fact, pulling a fast one on “Tyler,” it would be the second time in as many weeks that O'Keefe's Project Veritas has been played by one of its marks. On January 9, the left-wing group Americans Take Action released video of one of O'Keefe's actors offering as much as $100,000 for its activists to “shut down a bridge, incite a riot and make sure we hack the media narrative on the inauguration,” the Huffington Post reported.
The DC Antifascist Coalition does plan to protest the Deploraball, but MacAuley says the demonstration is more likely to be stink-bomb-free picketing outside the National Press Club's building and will be aimed more at catching ball-goers making Nazi salutes or similar gestures, as attendees of an alt-right convention in DC last November were recorded doing.
The action is part of a larger umbrella effort of anti-Trump protests this week that organizers are calling DisruptJ20, about which O'Keefe says they have more videos planned. DisruptJ20 lists a full schedule of events on its website, including a dance party outside the house Vice President-elect Mike Pence has been renting during the transition, the Deploraball protest, and rallies and marches during the actual inauguration ceremony on Friday.
In total, MacAuley says DisruptJ20 organizers have caught at least five attempted infiltrators in the past two weeks, although the methods by which the anti-Trump demonstrators are sussing out these alleged moles are a bit murky. Another organizer, Legba Carrefour, says DisruptJ20's planners are on guard for “weird backstories” and “made-up names.”
MacAuley also says their group chose to bring “Tyler” to Comet Ping Pong because they thought it would be “funny” to bring one of O'Keefe's operatives to the restaurant that has been the target of right-wing online mobs whipped up by a phony conspiracy theory. But in doing so, the DC Antifascist Coalition might have given the trolls more ammunition. A thread for the O'Keefe video in Reddit's section for the most devoted Trump supporters is full of references to “Pizzagate,” and users referring to themselves as “Right Wing Safety Squads” who want to shut down DC houses that sometimes host live music.
And just as message-board chatter about their homes prompted residents of Washington's DIY venues to go more analog in announcing their shows, encounters with the likes of O'Keefe and their actors have put the protest set on edge. “There are newbies who are honest and genuine, too, and nobody wants to exclude them,” MacAuley says.
O'Keefe closes their narration by saying that their organization contacted the FBI, the DC Police Department, and other law enforcement involved with inauguration-week security. An FBI spokesperson confirms the bureau met with Project Veritas, but says DisruptJ20's planned action “does not have a federal nexus.” DC Police did not respond to requests for confirmation that O'Keefe approached the department with their video.
Peter Newsham, DC's interim police chief, told NPR last week that “our No. 1 goal is to facilitate these First Amendment assemblies.”
Share this story.
Artist's rendering depicts the Voyager 2 spacecraft as it studies the outer limits of the heliosphere - a magnetic 'bubble' around the Solar System that is created by the solar wind. Scientists observed the magnetic bubble is not spherical, but pressed inward in the southern hemisphere.
NASA has commanded the famed Voyager 2 probe to send only information on its health and status after spotting a puzzling change in the spacecraft's pattern of communication from the edge of the solar system.
The 33-year-old Voyager 2 spacecraft, which is currently 8.6 billion miles (13.8 billion km) from Earth, is apparently still in good health, according to the latest engineering data received on May 1. But Voyager 2's flight data system, which formats information before beaming it back to Earth, has experienced a hiccup that altered the pattern in which it sends updates home.
Because of that pattern change, mission managers can no longer decode the science data beamed to Earth from Voyager 2. The space probe and its twin Voyager 1 are flying through the bubble-like heliosphere, created by the sun, which surrounds our solar system.
The first hint of a problem came on April 22, when engineers first spotted the data pattern change. Since then, they've been working to fix the glitch and began sending commands back to Voyager 2 on April 30.
Because Voyager 2 is so far from Earth, it takes 13 hours for a message to reach the spacecraft and another 13 hours for responses to come back to NASA's Deep Space Network of listening antennas around the world.
"Voyager 2's initial mission was a four-year journey to Saturn, but it is still returning data 33 years later," said Voyager project scientist Ed Stone of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. "It has already given us remarkable views of Uranus and Neptune, planets we had never seen close-up before. We will know soon what it will take for it to continue its epic journey of discovery."
Voyager 2 took a so-called "grand tour" of the solar system when it visited the gas giant planets Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune in the 1980s by taking advantage of a rare planetary alignment that occurs once every 176 years.
The two space probes were built primarily to study Jupiter and Saturn, but Voyager 2 also swing by Uranus in 1986 and Neptune in 1989 during its extended mission.
NASA launched Voyager 2 on Aug. 20,1977, just two weeks before Voyager 1. Together, the two spacecraft are the most distant human-built objects in space. Voyager 1 is about 10.5 billion miles (16.9 billion km) away from Earth and in perfect health, mission managers said.
This undated image posted online on Aug. 31 by supporters of the Islamic State shows Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, the group's spokesperson and chief strategist, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike. (AP)
For a man given to fiery rhetoric and long-winded sermons, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani became oddly quiet during their last summer as the chief spokesperson for the Islamic State.
The Syrian who exhorted thousands of young Muslims to don suicide belts appeared increasingly obsessed with their own safety, U.S. officials say. They banished cellphones, shunned large meetings and avoided going outdoors in the daytime. They began sleeping in crowded tenements in a northern Syrian town called al-Bab, betting on the presence of young children to shield them from the drones prowling the skies overhead.
But in late August, when a string of military defeats suffered by the Islamic State compelled Adnani to briefly leave their hiding place, the Americans were waiting for him. A joint surveillance operation by the CIA and the Pentagon tracked the 39-year-old as they left their al-Bab sanctuary and climbed into a car with a companion. They were headed north on a rural highway a few miles from town when a Hellfire missile struck the vehicle, killing both of them.
The Aug. 30 missile strike was the culmination of a months-long mission targeting one of the Islamic State's most prominent — and, U.S. officials say, most dangerous — senior leaders. The Obama administration has said little publicly about the strike, other than to rebut Russia's claims that one of its own warplanes dropped the bomb that ended Adnani's life.
But while key operational details of the Adnani strike remain secret, U.S. officials are speaking more openly about what they describe as an increasingly successful campaign to track and kill the Islamic State's senior commanders, including Adnani, the No. 2 leader and the biggest prize so far. At least six high-level Islamic State officials have died in U.S. airstrikes in the past four months, along with dozens of deputies and brigadiers, all but erasing entire branches of the group's leadership chart.
The Islamic State said one of its longest-serving and most prominent leaders, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria. (Reuters)
[Iraqi fighters facing brutal tactics from Islamic State's Mosul defenders]
Their deaths have left the group's chieftain, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, increasingly isolated, deprived of their most capable lieutenants and limited in their ability to communicate with their embattled followers, U.S. officials say. Baghdadi has not made a public appearance in more than two years and released only a single audiotape — suggesting that the Islamic State's figurehead is now in “deep, deep hiding,” said Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's special envoy to the global coalition seeking to destroy Baghdadi's self-proclaimed caliphate.
“He is in deep hiding because we have eliminated nearly all of their deputies,” McGurk said at a meeting of coalition partners in Berlin this month. “We had their network mapped. If you look at all of their deputies and who they were relying on, they're all gone.”
The loss of senior leaders does not mean that the Islamic State is about to collapse. U.S. officials and terrorism experts caution that the group's decentralized structure and sprawling network of regional affiliates ensure that it would survive even the loss of Baghdadi himself. But they say the deaths point to the growing sophistication of a targeted killing campaign built by the CIA and the Defense Department over the past two years for the purpose of flushing out individual leaders who are working hard to stay hidden.
[‘I thought, this is it': One man's harrowing escape from the Islamic State]
The effort is being aided, U.S. officials say, by new technology as well as new allies, including deserters and defectors who are shedding light on how the terrorists travel and communicate. At the same time, territorial losses and military defeats are forcing the group's remaining leaders to take greater risks, traveling by car and communicating by cellphones and computers instead of couriers, the officials and analysts said.
“The bad guys have to communicate electronically because they have lost control of the roads,” said a veteran U.S. counterterrorism official who works closely with U.S. and Middle Eastern forces and who, like others interviewed for this article, spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive operations. “Meanwhile our penetration is better because ISIS's situation is getting more desperate and they are no longer vetting recruits,” the official said, using a common acronym for the terrorist group.
This image made from video posted on a militant website on July 5, 2014, shows the leader of the Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, delivering a sermon at a mosque in Iraq during their first public appearance. (AP)
“We have a better picture inside ISIS now,” they said, “than we ever did against al-Qaeda in Iraq.”
The caliphate's cheerleader
The first to go was “Abu Omar the Chechen.” The red-bearded Georgian Islamic militant, commonly known as Omar al-Shishani, fought in the Russia-Georgia war in 2008 and had been trained by U.S. Special Forces when they were in the Georgian military. They rose to become the Islamic State's “minister of war” and was reported to have been killed on at least a half-dozen occasions since 2014, only to surface, apparently unharmed, to lead military campaigns in Iraq and Syria.
Shishani's luck ran out on July 10 when a U.S. missile struck a gathering of militant leaders near the Iraqi city of Mosul. It was the beginning of a string of successful operations targeting key leaders of the Islamic State's military, propaganda and “external operations” divisions, U.S. officials said in interviews.
On Sept. 6, a coalition airstrike killed Wa'il Adil Hasan Salman al-Fayad, the Islamic State's “minister of information,” near Raqqa, Syria. On Sept. 30, a U.S. attack killed deputy military commander Abu Jannat, the top officer in charge of Mosul's defenses and one of 13 senior Islamic State officials in Mosul who were killed in advance of the U.S.-assisted offensive to retake the city.
On Nov. 12, a U.S. missile targeted Abd al-Basit al-Iraqi, an Iraqi national described as the leader of the Islamic State's Middle Eastern external-operations network, responsible for carrying out attacks against Western targets.
But it was Adnani's death that delivered the single biggest blow, U.S. analysts say. The Syrian-born Islamist militant was regarded by experts as more than a mere spokesperson. A longtime member of the Islamic State's inner circle, they were a gifted propagandist and strategic thinker who played a role in many of the organization's greatest successes, from its commandeering of social media to its most spectacular terrorist attacks overseas, including in Paris and Brussels.
[These images show how Islamic State dug in for a ferocious defense of Mosul]
Their importance within the organization was also steadily rising. Last year, after the U.S.-led coalition began retaking cities across Iraq and Syria, it was Adnani who stepped into the role of cheerleader in chief, posting messages and sermons to boost morale while calling on sympathetic Muslims around the world to carry out terrorist attacks using any means available.
“He was the voice of the caliphate when its caliph was largely silent,” said Will McCants, an expert on militant extremism at the Brookings Institution and author of “The ISIS Apocalypse,” a 2015 book on the Islamic State. “He was the one who called for a war on the West.”
The CIA and the Pentagon declined to comment on their specific roles in the Adnani operation. But other officials familiar with the effort said the task of finding the Islamic State's No. 2 leader became a priority nearly on par with the search for Baghdadi. But like their boss, Adnani, a survivor of earlier wars between U.S. forces and Sunni insurgents in Iraq, proved to be remarkably skilled at keeping themselves out of the path of U.S. missiles.
“His personal security was particularly good,” said the U.S. counterterrorism official involved in coordinating U.S. and Middle Eastern military efforts. “And as time went on, it got even better.”
But the quality of the intelligence coming from the region was improving as well. A U.S. official familiar with the campaign described a two-stage learning process: In the early months, the bombing campaign focused on the most visible targets, such as weapons depots and oil refineries. But by the middle of last year, analysts were sorting through torrents of data on the movements of individual leaders.
The information came from a growing network of human informants as well as from technological innovations, including improved surveillance drones and special manned aircraft equipped with the Pentagon's Enhanced Medium Altitude Reconnaissance and Surveillance System, or EMARSS, designed to identify and track individual targets on the ground.
“In the first year, the strikes were mostly against structures,” said a U.S. official familiar with the air campaign. “In the last year, they became much more targeted, leading to more successes.”
Watching and waiting
And yet, insights into the whereabouts of the top two leaders — Baghdadi and Adnani — remained sparse. After the Obama administration put a $5 million bounty on him, Adnani became increasingly cautious, U.S. officials say, avoiding not only cellphones but also buildings with satellite dishes. They used couriers to pass messages and stayed away from large gatherings.
Eventually, their role shifted to coordinating the defense of a string of towns and villages near the Turkish border. One of these was Manbij, a Syrian hub and transit point for Islamic State fighters traveling to and from Turkey. Another was Dabiq, a small burg mentioned in Islam's prophetic texts as the future site of the end-times battle between the forces of good and evil.
Adnani picked for their headquarters the small town of al-Bab, about 30 miles northeast of Aleppo. There they hid in plain sight amid ordinary Syrians, conducting meetings in the same crowded apartment buildings where they slept. As was their custom, they used couriers to deliver messages — until suddenly it became nearly impossible to do so.
On Aug. 12, a U.S.-backed army of Syrian rebels captured Manbij in the first of a series of crushing defeats for the Islamic State along the Turkish frontier. Thousands of troops began massing for assaults on the key border town of Jarabulus, as well as Dabiq, just over 20 miles from Adnani's base.
[How the Islamic State has turned into a catastrophe for Sunni Muslims]
With many roads blocked by hostile forces, communication with front-line fighters became difficult. Adnani was compelled to venture from their sanctuary for meetings, and when they did so on Aug. 30, the CIA's trackers finally had the clear shot they had been waiting for weeks to take.
Records generated by commercially available aircraft-tracking radar show a small plane flying multiple loops that day over a country road just northwest of al-Bab. The plane gave no call sign, generally an indication that it is a military aircraft on a clandestine mission. The profile and flight pattern were similar to ones generated in the past for the Pentagon's EMARSS-equipped MC-12 prop planes, used for surveillance of targets on the ground.
The country road is the same one on which Adnani was traveling when a Hellfire missile hit their car, killing them and their companion.
The death was announced the same day by the Islamic State, in a bulletin mourning the loss of a leader who was “martyred while surveying the operations to repel the military campaigns against Aleppo.” But in Washington, the impact of their death was muted by a two-week delay as U.S. officials sought proof that it was indeed Adnani's body that was pulled from the wreckage of the car.
The confirmation finally came Sept. 12 in a Pentagon statement asserting that a “U.S. precision airstrike” targeting Adnani had eliminated the terrorist group's “chief propagandist, recruiter and architect of external terrorist operations.”
The Russian claims have persisted, exasperating the American analysts who know how long and difficult the search had been. Meanwhile, the ultimate impact of Adnani's death is still being assessed.
Longtime terrorism experts argue that a diffuse, highly decentralized terrorist network such as the Islamic State tends to bounce back quickly from the loss of a leader, even one as prominent as Adnani. “Decapitation is one arm of a greater strategy, but it cannot defeat a terrorist group by itself,” said Bruce Hoffman, director of Georgetown University's Center for Security Studies and an author of multiple books on terrorism. Noting that the Islamic State's military prowess derives from the “more anonymous Saddamist military officers” who make up the group's professional core, Hoffman said the loss of a chief propagandist was likely to be “only a temporary derailment.”
Yet, as still more missiles find their targets, the Islamic State is inevitably losing its ability to command and inspire its embattled forces, other terrorism experts said. “The steady destruction of the leadership of the Islamic State, plus the loss of territory, is eroding the group's appeal and potency,” said Bruce Riedel, a 30-year CIA veteran and a terrorism expert at the Brookings Institution. “The Islamic State is facing a serious crisis.”
Thomas Gibbons-Neff contributed to this report.
Read more:
Trump appears to be skipping their intelligence briefings
Report: Islamic State has used chemical weapons dozens of times in Iraq, Syria
Fear of Muslims is ‘rational': What Trump security pick has said about Islam
The Bears haven't forgotten the heavy beating they took inside warm and cozy Ford Field in Week 5.
Jay Cutler's of the belief that things will be different when the Lions are brought out of their safe haven and into the elements on Sunday. It's not January at Solider Field, but it's mid-November, and Cutler believes that's enough to unsettle Detroit.
"We're going to be outside, not in a dome," Cutler told the Detroit News. "We're going to be on grass. It's going to be a different environment for them ... a totally different ballgame. They don't have that advantage on their side this time, so it is going to be on our side."
For years, no dome team had survived the elements to win a Super Bowl. The Rams finally put that pattern to bed after the 1999 season, winning Super Bowl XXXIIIV. The Colts and Saints have done the same in the past couple of years. Still, we have yet to see this Lions squad conquer horrid conditions.
"We've been a good road team this year," Jim Schwartz said. "We played outdoors in Denver, right? Tampa is outdoors, if I am not mistaken."
Tampa, Fla.? Not sure that's Cutler's point, sir.
Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford did their best to explain away the weather issue. He's been there before, folks.
"Some of those games in the playoffs in high school got pretty cold, like into the 50s," Stafford told the News.
Oh, boy.
Court Tells FBI To Reveal More Info About Its Digital Wiretapping Program
from the going-dark dept
the Government is directed to conduct a further review of the materials previously withheld as non-responsive. In conducting such review, the presumption should be that information located on the same page, or in close proximity to undisputedly responsive material is likely to qualify as information that in “any sense sheds light on, amplifies, or enlarges upon” the plainly responsive material, and that it should therefore be produced, absent an applicable exemption.
As plaintiff points out, however, the large number of different types of documents included in each summary entry in the index, and the fact that multiple exemptions are claimed, makes analysis difficult, despite the veneer of detail. The supporting declaration covers 171 pages (with a great deal of repetition) purportedly explaining the justification for all of the exemptions claims, but does not identify documents by bates numbers or otherwise, further exacerbating the problem.
the existing index is insufficient to provide an adequate foundation for review of the soundness of the exemption claims. Accordingly, the FBI is directed to provide a revised index as promptly as practical, making a good faith effort to address the issues raised by EFF.
The FBI has been pushing to get more powers to wiretap newer digital forms of communication -- some of which are supposed to be encrypted end-to-end -- for quite some time. It's been working with various companies to try to get backdoors, while also pushing for legislation to compel companies to comply. It is known that the FBI has a program called "Going Dark" to tap digital communications. The EFF sought information on Going Dark with a series of Freedom of Information Act requests, which generally turned up heavily redacted documents that revealed very little. In response, the EFF went to court... and the court has now said that the feds need to reveal more . First, the court said that the government appeared to go overboard in leaving out info:Separately, the court said that the index of info provided has problems, not necessarily in the index itself, but the way it's presented seems purposely designed to stifle the EFF's efforts to understand the exemptions by overloading the info, without clearly highlighting what applies to what:As such, the court has ordered the feds to try again:This is the "most transparent administration in history"? Withholding excess info and making sure the info sent over is as tough as possible to review?
Filed Under: going dark, internet communications, oversight, wiretapping
Atheists bad, Christians good. That's my four-word summary of God's Not Dead.
This anti-atheist movie would be more effective if it didn't portray every atheist as smug, angry, selfish, obnoxious, and unhappy. In contrast, nearly every Christian is kind, happy, generous . . . well, you get the idea.
The movie's two protagonists are atheist philosophy Professor Jeffrey Radisson and Christian student Josh Wheaton at fictional Hadleigh University.
Professor Radisson is a bully who on the first day of class uses their bully pulpit to require that each student sign a “God is dead” statement or else convince them that God's not dead — and, failing that, receive an F in the course. Radisson has been doing this for years, presumably without a complaint from students, other faculty, or administrators. In fact, they are about to become head of the Philosophy Department. They have a live-in girlfriend whom they started dating when they were their student, and they continually berate and belittles them in front of their academic colleagues. They turn to Christianity and finds the strength to get out of this abusive relationship after talking to Pastor Dave (more about them later).
Freshman Josh Wheaton is the only student in Professor Radisson's class who refuses to sign the “God is dead” statement. Everyone encourages them to sign for the sake of their future career as a lawyer — except for Pastor Dave, who gives Josh the strength to enter Professor Radisson's lion's den, armed with Matthew 10:32-33: “Whoever acknowledges me before others, I will also acknowledge before my Father in heaven. But whoever disowns me before others, I will disown.”
Radisson allows Josh three consecutive class sessions to make their case for God. Josh wisely requests that the class act as jury, and Radisson agrees. Perhaps Josh knows that most American students, just like their parents, believe in God despite signing the “God is dead” statement. (As a former professor, I think a rare accurate portrayal in the movie is of students who focus primarily on grades and are willing to say anything to improve them.)
In the first session, Josh cites the Big Bang as evidence that God created the universe according to Genesis (“Let there be light”). Despite countless possible rebuttals, Radisson simply quotes physicist Stephen Hawking saying that spontaneous creation is the reason there is something rather than nothing, why the universe exists, and why we exist. They then taunts Josh by asking if they think he's smarter than Hawking.
In the second session, Josh refers to Hawking's comment that philosophy is dead, adding that perhaps their philosophy class shouldn't exist. Professor Radisson is speechless, though they could have told Josh that Hawking is a physicist, not a philosopher, and that you can be an expert in one field and not in another. (The Hawking quote from Radisson was formerly a question for OnFaith panelists, and here's what I said then: “As accomplished a cosmologist as Stephen Hawking is, no scientist would ever declare, ‘Hawking said it, I believe it, that settles it.' Scientists require evidence, not an appeal to authority.”)
A vindictive Professor Radisson later confronts Josh for having the audacity to embarrass them in class and threatens not only to fail him, but also to make sure they never becomes a lawyer. When Josh asks Radisson why he's an atheist, Radisson replies that their mother died when they were 12, despite their prayers, so Radisson hates God for killing their mother.
In the third and final session, Josh rightly asks Radisson how they could hate a God who doesn't exist. Again, Radisson has no response. (Real atheists, not the straw men atheists that some Christians invent, don't hate God any more than they hate the Easter Bunny.) Josh then calls for a student jury vote, and they all agree that “God's not dead” as a bewildered Radisson leaves the room.
Other atheists in the movie include a snide, self-centered journalist and their atheist boyfriend. When they tell them that they have terminal cancer, they ask why this news couldn't have waited until the following day because they have just spoiled a nice dinner, and they immediately ends the relationship. They later breaks down while interviewing the Newsboys, a Christian rock group, and they convince them to become a Christian because that will give them hope.
The movie has a happy ending, at least for some Christians, because a car runs over Professor Radisson. Pastor Dave just happens to be nearby and encourages Radisson to become a Christian second before they die.
The most effective way to convert atheists in the movie is not by reason or evidence, but by personal tragedy. Perhaps this will inspire some Christians to pray that atheists contract cancer or undergo some other misfortune, because the film reinforces the “no atheists in foxholes” cliché.
The premise of the movie is ridiculous. Christians and atheists alike would be appalled if an institution of higher learning expected students to sign a “God is dead” statement. Universities that promote critical thinking must not require students or professors to believe a certain way and never question or change their beliefs. But shouldn't that hold true for both public and Christian universities?
As dogmatic as the fictional Professor Radisson is, they at least gave ample class time to a student who had a different opinion. Not necessarily so at some Christian universities. Perhaps Josh “Wheaton” is meant to represent Wheaton College, a Christian institution where students and faculty are expected to affirm a statement of faith and educational purpose that includes “God created Adam and Eve, distinct from all other living creatures.” It's not difficult to see how such affirmations of faith might discourage critical thinking.
Charleston Southern University, in my hometown, expects faculty and students to accept core values that include the Bible being inerrant and infallible. Dr. Richard Johnson, a religion professor there, once invited me to debate the existence of God on their campus. However, the university wouldn't allow it and the debate took place at a nearby church. After the debate, Dr. Johnson asked if they could speak to the secular student group on my College of Charleston campus. I readily agreed, and they also invited me to speak to their religion class. But the day before I was to speak, I was disinvited because their university objected. In an article about the incident in the Charleston Post and Courier, I said it reflects poorly on an academic institution that allows only one point of view.
The God's Not Dead movie is probably intended for those who believe the myth that Christians in this country are being persecuted. (I suppose that's why so many politicians hide their Christian beliefs and pretend to be atheists.) At secular universities, students and professors are free to discuss and debate a full range of controversial ideas, including whether God is dead. And that's a good thing.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
As long as the Republican convention is the topic of conversation today, Dave Weigel reports that in their frenzy to make “We built it” last night's convention theme, Republicans are still lopping out a big section of Obama's famous “you didn't build that” speech and splicing together the two sections in bold:
Let me tell you something — there are a whole bunch of hardworking people out there. If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business — you didn't build that.
I know, I know: politics ain't beanbag. And past campaigns have hardly been simon pure. But there's something more….what? Cavalier? Routine? Brazen? Don't give a shit? What's the right word to describe the Romney campaign's approach here?
This is hardly the worst campaign attack ever. Swift boating was worse. Willie Horton was worse. The endlessly twisted quotes of Al Gore were worse. But those attacks were all based on at least a kernel of truth that was twisted for political ends. That's not admirable, but it's hardly unusual either. But Romney's lies aren't even remotely defensible, and the campaign barely even bothers to try. The welfare attack works, so they're going to use it. If you have a problem with that, go pound sand. You don't think it's right to just excise a big chunk of Obama's quote in order to make them say something they didn't? Tough titties. It's flatly not true that any money has been taken from the Medicare trust fund? Meh. And these are the centerpieces of their campaign.
I struggle to describe this. It's not worse than past attacks, but it is different. In the past, you felt that maybe campaigns were at least a little bit embarrassed about this kind of thing. They'd blame it on someone else. They'd try to produce some lame defense. They'd haul out some fake white paper to give themselves cover. They'd do something. The Romney campaign just doesn't seem to care. If it works, they use it. It's like the campaign is being run by cyborgs.
I dunno. What's the right word to describe this?
With 2014 only three days away, it's a natural time to start thinking about our running goals for the new year. In years past, I've always set performance based goals. I've wanted to reach a certain time at a certain race. But, after reading this article, I've realized that my goals have probably been hindering me, rather than helping me improve.
In 2013, I set two goals for my 10k time and my half-marathon time that I didn't achieve. I was disappointed with myself, especially because I felt like I was physically capable of reaching them. Although I did run personal bests in both distances and I was happy about that, it was overshadowed by the missing those time goals.
Really, time goals are useless without training goals. You can say you want to run a 10k in 45 minutes, but without developing a plan to get there, you will never achieve it. However, if you set training based goals, focusing on the process of increasing your fitness and health, you are are bound to naturally improve your running times. As a bonus, you will be happy for running your best without the disappointment of not reaching an ambitious time goal.
So, this is what I'm going to do in 2014. I'm going to forget about reaching a certain time. I'm going to concentrate on being more consistent in my training, stop neglecting my long runs and hill workouts, and improve my pacing. I haven't set my specific goals yet, but they will be based around the process of becoming a stronger runner instead of the end goal.
With this in mind, Jackie and I thought we'd have a giveaway to help you reach your goals in 2014. We're giving one Runner's World 2014 Daily Calendar, which is full of training tips for each day of the year!
This giveaway is available to residents of North America and is open until January 1, 2014.
Click here to enter the giveaway!
QUESTION: What is one of your goals for 2014?
-Mandy-
Advertisements
I clicked onto the Alpinist website on Tuesday night, one of those ‘screensaver' sites you visits when your mind goes blank and you need something to do, clicking on Tumblr, BBC news or UKclimbing - sort of something to do before you have something to do. The Alpinist site is a good site, with a lot of good content, but being a small affair it's slow to produce new attention fodder, their time taken up producing the best climbing magazine in the world no doubt, but one worth a visit when your thoughts nip out. On the front page there were six news stories, the last five ones I read already, while the newest one was an obituary for Doug Walker killed in an avalanche on the 31st of December. The one proceeding this was an obituary for Ryan Jennings killed by ice climbing, then another for Kei Taniguchi who slipped and died while descending a mountain in Japan.
I looked at the page for a moment, clicked back to news the previous months, read down to the deaths of Justin Griffin, Gerhard Fiegl, Doug Tomkins, and on and on it went. Sad tales that left you only speechless, but just news like all the rest, just dying, as easy as checking the football scores.
A few weeks before I'd read another piece on the Alpinist site where a climber had been killed during the decent from a new route, the account written by one of their partners. They death is added in a paragraph close to the end, foreshadowed by the word ‘tragedy' in the title, then the writer swiftly moves on to describe their feeling about the climb “When we were coming back in the helicopter [on the second flight], I started to actually realize how amazing the line was that we climbed, that Gerry climbed. With all the blank ice and mixed climbing, we were really on the edge of our possibilities. Gerry stood on the summit of their biggest and most difficult climb and I'm thankful for that. I will never forget their shining eyes.”.. I had read so many pieces like this before that I almost failed to recognise just how odd such a piece of writing really was. It asked a fundamental question about our sport and about the psychology of people who do it, namely why was it even written? It was so easy to just see it as yet another write-up of a climb that went awry, but then you need to ask, when someone dies what is your motivation to even write up the climb in such a way? An obituary about the death of a friend, and their last climb, but a story of ‘your' climb with their death almost a footnote? I'm sure the author had no intention of writing something so transparent, an indictment of the normality of tragedy in mountaineering, because what they wrote was no different from a thousand other news pieces.
I see it all the time, a strange sort of focus and single mindedness, were people are on extended trips or projects where someone dies, not a stranger, but someone you know, maybe a bond as strong as brother, and right there in front of you… and then - after a brief pause for a Facebook eulogy, replete with comments that reinforce its tragedy - you just carry on with your trip or project, death no more than a speed bump.
This has been on my mind a lot of late, planning on returning to try the Harlin on the Eiger - fourth time lucky - but now much in love. As is always the case I kid myself that this will be ‘the last time', but I also fear - as I always have - that as life is so good now now, so absolutely perfect, like some final destination I'm happy to stay, that this will be the one that kills me. I spend a month or two thinking about the route, planning and scheming, stressing, worrying, feeling that death each night I cling to Vanessa knowing I'd a fucking idiot to want to go back. And then atlantic storms pile in, one after the other, the date I'm due to go - today - put back, the window getting smaller, so small soon it'll be impossible to fit, and in bed I can lay with them and know the danger of me and my desire has passed once more, work and stuff and love and fun blocking the way. Alpine climbing is a bastard game, so why do I play it, why not just stop - am I scared of losing my voice - losing my job, no more free kit, no more opportunity to talk about my life. But what is that life worth?
Is this a story of our age, of our narcissism and desire to gobble up the pig of life, that life does not matter in the end, that we are at war with nature and there will be casualties? I've thought about this a lot in terms of competitive sport, in terms of drugs, bodies and relationships wrecked in pursuit of something of no value at all: a gold medal, a record only held until someone breaks it, a line on a mountain. I know full well that when you're that person, entangled and blinded by your selfish narcissistic dreams you just can't see the truth of your sickness, and neither can anyone around you, who cheer you on and say good luck as you tap the vein. What you take as joy and colour and living is the that joy and colour and living when the spike goes in, that rush as the drug flushes real life back - real love and understanding and clarity of the human heart.
It's funny but I often thought these things about Steve House, a man I'd say was once wrapped up too tight in himself, a man who I thought would one day lie dead someone where, down a hole, on ledge, lost or found, but crushed by the end game of their unquenchable ambition, another Macintyre, Rouse, Lafaille, Béghin (this list could fill a book). But when I look at their Instagram these days I see a man who - perhaps - has withdrawn that needle a little, see them skiing with their wife, having fun, breathing at last, knowing what real sacrifice brings - perhaps. For Steve maybe a life changing accident was just that, and although I sure they plan their return, I'm sure - and hope - they will not be that man again even if they want to, even if that life without the drug feels like only half a life. I wonder if thinking like this, having some kind of growing realisation of just how gloriously fucked up alpinism is, the tragedy engrained in its joy, well maybe that's a start. Maybe it's not a weak man who pulls out the needle and walks away.
How sweet it is to have Ridley Scott return to sci-fi genre 30 years after giving us “Blade Runner.” Their “Prometheus” is a stunning movie to watch and once again reminds us of what a stylistic perfectionist they are. While it is said to be a prequel to “Alien,” it is really separate from the 1979 classic as it deals with a different set of themes and ideas. While the original “Alien” dealt with corporate greed in trying to use the creature as a weapon, “Prometheus” is far more fascinated with the origins of humanity.
Noomi Rapace, Lisbeth Salander in the Swedish version of “The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo,” stars as Elizabeth Shaw, an archaeologist who, along with their boyfriend Charlie (Logan Marshall-Green), discovers a star map in several unconnected ancient cultures on Earth. They come to interpret the map as an invitation from those who created humanity to discover the origins of life on a distant planet. A few years later they are on board the spaceship Prometheus which takes them and several engineers to that location.
When they land on the planet LV-223, not LV-426 from the first two “Alien” movies, they discover a species which appears to be extinct along with a monolithic statue of a humanoid head. In the structure they explore, they also find a large number of metal cylinders which soon start leaking black fluid. Soon after, everything goes wrong and the characters discover how their need to learn about humanity's creators was a very big mistake.
The smartest thing Scott did with this particular prequel was to not make it the kind which ties up all the loose ends to the original movie that comes after it. This has been a big problem with prequels like “The Thing” and “X-Men Origins: Wolverine” as they get so concerned about getting the details right to where any suspense or drama gets completely drained, making for a far less effective movie going experience. “Prometheus,” however, takes place several decades before “Alien,” so the filmmakers don't have to worry about this too much.
“Prometheus” uses the element of mystery to great effect as several characters appear to have ulterior motives they work to hide from others. Charlize Theron is especially effective as Weyland Corporation employee Meredith Vickers. Hiding discreetly in the shadows and coming off with a tough as nails attitude, they clearly have their own agenda as you would expect any member of this or any other, corporation to have.
The movie's most fascinating character, as well as its most enigmatic, is David, an android designed to be indistinguishable from humans played by Michael Fassbender. We first see them looking over the ship while the rest of the crew is in hypersleep, and they model their behavior on Peter O'Toole's performance from “Lawrence of Arabia.”
David is like Data from “Star Trek: The Next Generation” in that they are more human than the humans they work with. But the words of the Borg Queen from “Star Trek: First Contact” of how Data is “an imperfect being created by an imperfect being” kept echoing in my head as we see David gaining an ego to where they are fully aware of how superior they are to humans. With this ego comes a wealth of insecurities like envy and jealousy which wipe away the façade their infinitely polite behavior hides.
Idris Elba co-stars as the captain of Prometheus, Janek, who serves as the movie's most realistic character. Sci-fi movies need a down to earth character like this because in the midst of all the technical mumbo jumbo, someone has to come out and say, “What the hell is going on?” Elba, so good on the BBC series “Luther,” is a strong addition to this cast even though I found their American accent a little weird at times. Couldn't they have made Janek British like him? Anyway, they give what may be seen as this movie's most underrated performance.
But while much of the acting praise may go to Fassbender, I have to single out Rapace who gives a very strong performance as Elizabeth Shaw. Just watch them in the scene where another character yells right in their face that they want to go back to the ship. Rapace doesn't budge or blink at this raw anger, and they are as riveting in this movie as they are in that one scene.
Rapace also has the movie's most unnerving scene as, upon finding that they have a “foreign organism” inside their body, gets into a robotic surgery device to have it removed. It's a brilliantly icky scene which shakes up the audience in the same way watching Anthony Hopkins cut off a piece of Ray Liotta's brain in “Hannibal” did. Rapace sells the scene completely and has you pinned in your seat as they go through the kind of surgical procedure we'd rather be sedated through. On top of this, they do a practically flawless British accent which is more than I can say for many actors in American movies.
Among the other excellent performances comes from Sean Harris who plays the unhinged geologist Fitfield who never lets their mohawk hairdo upstage him, Guy Pearce who is almost unrecognizable under pounds of makeup as the CEO with a god complex Peter Weyland, Logan Marshall-Green as archeologist Charlie Holloway who goes to extremes in their work for better and for worse, and Rafe Spall as the all too friendly botanist Milburn.
“Prometheus” asks a lot of profound questions about who created us and why those same beings chose to abandon planet Earth. It deliberately doesn't answer all of those questions, but while many consider this one of the movie's biggest problems, I think it's one of its many strengths. To answer all those questions would have weakened this movie tremendously and, as I said earlier, the element of mystery plays a strong part in its overall success.
There's no real satisfying way to answer all the questions “Prometheus” presents as we have enough trouble answering them on our own. I think the movie's main focus is on the struggle of faith as Rapace's character thrives on it, and they spend the story seeing it severely tested. The lack of answers ends up reinforcing the faith they have in those who created human beings, and this keeps their faith from being killed off completely.
Scott gives us a visually sumptuous motion picture with extraordinary visuals and special effects which feel wonderfully unique to everything else out there. With cinematographer Dariusz Wolski, frequent music composer Marc Streitenfeld, editor Pietro Scalia, and writers Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof, Scott gives this movie the look and feel the only they can pull off, and it all makes their eagerly awaited return to the sci-fi genre they so brilliantly transcended with “Alien” and “Blade Runner” all the more welcome.
While “Alien” was a masterful combination of the sci-fi and horror genres, “Prometheus” is more sci-fi than horror. “Prometheus” has its thrilling moments, but Scott is not out to scare the shit out of us the way they did back in 1979.  They are more cerebral with this film, and it makes you eager to see a sequel to it sooner rather than later. I don't care what anybody says, “Prometheus” was very much worth the wait and, despite whatever flaws it may have, it had me enthralled from beginning to end.
Actually, one thing you could say about the movie is how it may give ammunition to creationists who claim human life came about through the efforts of a supernatural being. Then again, the very last scene of “Prometheus,” before the end credits roll, features a somewhat familiar-looking creature making an appearance you can't quite see coming. With that, you can safely say the filmmakers do firmly believe in the theory of evolution.
* * * * out of * * * *
Advertisements
Rudi Saldia has become the most famous bike courier in Philadelphia, thanks to their 1-year-old tabby cat, MJ, who accompanies them on deliveries.
MJ, short for Mary Jane, perches on Saldia's shoulder as they deliver parcels, and the pair has been turning heads on city streets since they began their rides last year.
The cat had always loved nestling on Saldia's shoulders, so they decided to train them to accompany them to work.
“The first day we managed one block. The next day we managed two blocks and now we can do around 25 miles with them on my shoulder,” they told the Daily Mail.
Using a GoPro camera mounted on their bike, the 26-year-old courier began shooting footage of MJ's urban adventures to prove to their mom that their cat could ride a bicycle.
Saldia posted their first video to YouTube in October, where it's since amassed more than a million views and even attracted the attention of GoPro. The sports-camera company reached out to Saldia and asked for permission to their MJ footage in a commercial.
MJ seems to enjoy their rides as they move from shoulder to shoulder and nuzzles their owner. For the most part, the traffic doesn't bother her; however, they are sometimes spooked by sirens and buses.
"She enjoys seeing everything and having the wind blow in their ears, especially being an indoors cat,” Saldia told The Associated Press. “This is really their only time outside. On the shoulder, they love it. She's in total zen mode."
But not everyone thinks a kitty courier is a good idea. Online commenters have questioned whether the unharnessed feline is safe zipping through traffic atop Saldia's shoulder.
“People are worried about the cat, the safety of the cat riding in the street, and so am I. But I'm also worried about my safety so we're always safe out there,” they say. "I'm very confident that the cat would be better off in an accident than I would be, so I'm not worried about taking them out."
Check out some of MJ's urban bike rides in the video below.
More cat stories on MNN:
Bike courier's cat loves to go for rides
MJ the tabby cat became an Internet celebrity when their owner posted footage of them sitting atop their shoulder as they zipped through Philadelphia traffic.
A Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) is a software-based laboratory and information management system that provides streamlined workflow automation and management. This type of software is typically used in analytical laboratories such as R&D labs, in-process testing labs and quality assurance labs.
A LIMS seeks to embrace the way you work, offering single sample, batch samples and manual or automated methods, producing reports for internal or external customer use. Management of resources is an important characteristic of planning work allocation against availability and for auto analysers around calibration and maintenance schedules.
There are a number of benefits a LIMS brings to the laboratory environment, most significantly; increased productivity and improved data quality, both of which reduce operating costs and free up human resources from mundane activities. This type of software also serves to improve capacity, offering faster turnaround time for customers, higher accuracy and quality control, live searches, and can interface with other departments.
The task of selecting the best LIMS for an organization can be complicated, in part, because many terms used to describe very different LIMS and system architectures are used interchangeably.
To provide an insight into the quality of software that is available, we have compiled a list of 4 open sources LIMS that are worth investigating. We recommend experimenting with them to see if they meet your requirements. Hopefully, there will be something of interest for anyone wanting to control, manage, organize and document information.
Now, let's explore the laboratory information management systems at hand. For each title we have compiled its own portal page, a full description with an in-depth analysis of its features, a screenshot of the software in action, together with links to relevant resources and reviews.
Laboratory Information Management System Bika LIMS Powerful, flexible web based LIMS with full content management integration GNomEx Genomic LIMS and Data Repository FreeLIMS Lets users perform Bio-Informatics Open-LIMS Management for projects, samples and their related data
Return to our complete collection of Group Tests, identifying the finest free and open source Linux software.
Related
Lebanon
After choosing Lebanon, I realized that I know nothing about that country. Honestly, I probably couldn't even point to it on a map (I am pretty sure its in the Middle East, but it could be East Africa too). So first off..
Look around there. To the south is Israel which is best described by all of the dashed lines that are used as borders on that map indicating that they are disputed borders. Its other land based borders are shared with Syria, which has been in the middle of the huge civil war since 2011 that began with the Arab Spring. Lebanon has over a million Syrian refugees living within its borders.
This isn't even the first time that that Lebanon has dealt with this type of conflict. They have had to deal with the home grown militant group, Hezbollah over the last decade. The Syrian Civil war threatened to spill over shortly after it started in 2011. Syria also occupied Lebanon from 1976–2005, which was during the Lebanese Civil War that split the country between Palestine, Syria, and Maronite groups, complete with a ‘Berlin Wall' like Green Line. Before that, they were ruled by the French between the two World Wars, and by the Ottoman Empire from 1516 until 1918. And before that, there were the Romans and Phoenicians.
Lebanon has had a tough go of it.
Some interesting things I found about Lebanon:
While Arabic is the official language, and the one that is spoken by the majority of citizens, 70% of secondary schools use French as a secondary language, and the other 30% use English. The French is due to their ties with France from between the World Wars.
Christmas tree and LED screen in Byblos, Lebanon. Crazy. https://goo.gl/maps/PNXM672EXVL2
Again, unsurprisingly, Islam is the predominant religion. However, it only edges out Christianity out at a 54%-40% margin. The picture to the side was especially jarring to me. That's a Christmas tree, with a large LED screen encouraging people to donate in dollars to light it up. This picture is a panoramic, and behind is a huge ‘Jesus is Born' sign and a manger scene. Yeah, this is Lebanon.
Between 2006 (the Hezbollah conflict with Israel) and 2011 (the Syrian Civil War), the Lebanese GDP grew by about 8% per year. Since the Syrian Civil War, that has dropped below 2% though.
Fed Hill, Baltimore
The ‘hill' in Fed Hill. https://flic.kr/p/6yYDAS
The Baltimore skyline from the top of Fed Hill https://flic.kr/p/agLUyY
Fed Hill is south of the Inner Harbor, and is right around the hill. In fact, the iconic picture of the Baltimore skyline is taken from the top of Fed Hill. It's easy to lump all of the southern part of Baltimore together as being Fed Hill, but it turns out that that neighborhood really only covers the area around the hill, and some of the main drag of Light Street. Federal Hill is named for a parade celebrating the State of Maryland's ratification of the United States Constitution in 1788.
Fort McHenry is right down the street, and is known as the fort that defended against the British in the War of 1812, and where the National Anthem was written. So I always assumed that the cannons that are on top of the hill were related to that. But these cannons are pointed at Baltimore. Turns out, these were setup during the Civil War by the Union as a threat for Baltimore so they would play nice with the Union after the Baltimore Riots of 1861. They stayed there through the whole war, and are now an, admittedly misunderstood, monument.
The Food
With all of the different influences, Lebanon's food pulls from a little bit of everywhere. They get a bit of the Mediterranean influence where small plates (tapas) and used, some French influence with their flan and caramel custard desserts, and lamb based staples from the Ottoman Turks.
The Arak is to the left, then is water, then ice, and then the glass to mix it together in.
Arak is the traditional alcoholic beverage in Lebanon, Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Jordan. The restaurant we are going to for food does not serve alcohol, so we stopped by Lebanese Taverna in Harbor East. Its this cool Lebanese place right on the water, and actually looked like it might have had better food than Byblos. However, the purpose of Baltimore Around the World is to explore the city, and Harbor East is not a part of the need to explore. I can buy overpriced things another time.
Lebanese Taverna is as nice as you would expect from a Harbor East restaurant. The food that we saw going by did look really good. We got the Arak, which is an anise flavored spirit that is really, really strong. So strong that the serve it with water to cut it.
In the picture to the left, the Arak is in the leftmost glass, followed by the water, ice, and the glass to mix it together in. Its interesting that two clear liquids make a milky looking liquid. I took a video, but Instagram apparently expects you to be a monster and take video in portrait mode. And it's not that interesting.
It was an interesting drink. Anise is not really a flavor I go for, but it wasn't bad. It wasn't sweet, or sour; it was just the anise flavor and the kick of the alcohol. I did take a sip of the Arak by itself, and it had a serious kick. They had an Arak flavored drink on the menu, and I would probably go for something more like that if I did this again. But hey, this is about trying new things!
After a quick walk around the harbor, we got to Byblos, named after a small coastal town in Lebanon with only about 40,000 people. Byblos (the restaurant) does not seem to follow the small platter layout, but does have plenty of appetizers that are basically the small plates. The restaurant is just the width of a townhouse (probably 15 feet), and only has a tiny kitchen and nine tables. But they make magic back there.
Remember to take the picture before diving in
The first thing we tried was Baked Kibbeh. Kibbeh is cracked wheat, minced onions, and finely ground meat with Middle Eastern spices (cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, allspice). You could taste all of that. It was easy to taste the meat (probably a mix of beef and lamb), and all of the spices. It was amazing, and nothing like anything I have had. Bready, meaty, and so tender and tasty.
It was basically comfort food that wasn't too heavy.
Scientists have made dire predictions about how Arctic animals will respond to sea-ice decline. Now changes are emerging that confirm what researchers feared. A new study shows that ringed seals in Norway are swimming farther, diving longer, and likely spending more energy to find food than they did before a major sea-ice collapse.
Ringed seals give birth, moult, and rest on sea ice. But in 2006, the sea ice near Svalbard, Norway collapsed, and the edge of the summer ice cap shrank north toward the Arctic Ocean Basin.
Researchers had already tracked 22 ringed seals in the area in a 2002-03 study. So the change in sea ice “created the possibility for a natural experiment exploring the impact of this dramatic environmental change on the behaviour of this species,” the authors of the new study write in Biology Letters.
The researchers attached data loggers to 38 seals and recorded their movements from 2010-12. Ten of the animals made offshore trips; nine seals from the 2002-03 study had done the same. From those 19 seals, the scientists collected data on about 30,000 kilometers of travel and more than 26,000 dives.
The seals spent roughly the same amount of time on their trips before and after the sea-ice collapse, the team reports. But in the latter group, the animals had to swim about 1 degree of latitude farther to reach the ice. Their average distance from the coast was 132 kilometers, while those monitored in 2002-03 were an average of only 67 kilometers away.
Once they reached the ice, the seals dove deeper, rested less, and travelled farther per day in 2010-12. For instance, they swam 44 kilometers per day and dove 36 meters deep, on average, over the Arctic Ocean Basin. In 2002-03, the seals swam only 34 kilometers per day and dove 22 meters deep on average in that area.
The results show that “past predictions… regarding climate change impacts on ringed seals were correct,” the researchers write. Ringed seals play an important role in the food web and are a major source of food for polar bears. Now scientists need to find out how changes in the seals' foraging behavior will affect their population — and the animals that depend on them. — Roberta Kwok | 19 November 2015
Source: Hamilton, C.D. et al. 2015. Predictions replaced by facts: a keystone species' behavioural responses to declining arctic sea-ice. Biology Letters doi: 10.1098/rsbl.2015.0803.
Image © NOAA Fisheries
MISSISSAUGA
The GTA's mayors and regional chairs voted unanimously Friday to ask the province and the feds to help fund the estimated $275 million cost of last month's ice storm.
Mississauga Mayor Hazel McCallion emerged from the three-hour meeting flanked by 19 mayors and three regional chairs with the resolution that asked the Ontario government and the federal government to each pay one-third of the full cost of the ice storm response and ongoing recovery. The resolution also asked the senior levels of government to respond to the request by March 1 and to treat all municipalities “equally and equitably.”
McCallion said there is a “great fear” among them that they won't get provincial and federal funds.
“And we will be left on our own to deal with the financial aftermath of the storm,” they said. “We all agree that the property tax cannot bear that burden.”
Although provincial officials say an answer on any funding could take months, McCallion hoped the March 1 deadline would give them a “guideline.”
“We believe that if we didn't set a date we would maybe never know when an answer would come forth,” they said.
So far, the total estimated cost of the storm from the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area municipalities is around $275 million. Toronto estimates the cost of the storm was $106 million but council has also asked the feds and the province to help fund the $65 million from last July's rain storm.
Municipal Affairs Minister Linda Jeffrey attended Friday's meeting to hear from the municipalities and outline the Ontario Disaster Relief Assistance Program. They confirmed provincial officials have already been sent to Toronto to assess damage.
After the meeting, Ford complained the province “didn't really give us any answers today.”
“We can't wait many, many months,” Ford said. “The taxpayers need an answer immediately.”
McCallion added that they won't let the province miss the deadline.
“You can rest assured, we'll be following up on March 1 if there isn't an answer,” they said.
Deputy mayor Norm Kelly — who also attended Friday's meeting — described it as a “very productive meeting.
“The residents of Toronto should feel happy that their interests were promoted and defended,” Kelly said.
Jeffrey reached out officially to the Stephen Harper government Friday for federal help with the massive ice storm bill.
In a letter to federal Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney, Jeffrey said they have received 27 requests from affected municipalities for access to the Ontario Disaster Relief Assistance Program for clean up, response and recovery costs.
“I want to inform the Government of Canada of Ontario's interest in securing federal assistance,” Jeffrey said. “I am interested in any options that you may have in assisting Ontario with its disaster response and mitigation costs. I would appreciate your thoughts on the best process to commence discussions in order to move quickly to support Ontario's recovery.”
— With files from Antonella Artuso
New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof responded to the explosions that blasted the Boston Marathon on Monday with an eyebrow-raising comment about Republicans on Capitol Hill.
In a tweet during the aftermath of the apparent attacks, Kristof wrote, “Explosion is a reminder that ATF needs a director. Shame on Senate Republicans for blocking apptment.”
The columnist linked to a Feb. 1 article in the Washington Post about Republicans not supporting President Obama's nominee to lead the Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives bureau.
Early reports from authorities indicate two bombs exploded near the finish of the Boston Marathon on Monday, killing at least two people and injuring more than 20.
explosion is a reminder that ATF needs a director. Shame on Senate Republicans for blocking apptment articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-02-01/wor… — Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) April 15, 2013
Update: Kristof recanted their comment, calling it a “low blow” after being criticized: “People jumping on me for criticizing Sen Repubs for blocking ATF appointments. ok, that was low blow. i take it back,” they tweeted.
People jumping on me for criticizing Sen Repubs for blocking ATF appointments. ok, that was low blow. i take it back — Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) April 15, 2013
Follow Alex on Twitter
Speaking at the Reagan National Defense Forum, Dr Ng Eng Hen said it is neither possible nor strategically necessary to contain China's rise in global systems of trade, finance and security.
SINGAPORE: The US presence in the Asia-Pacific should not be for the sole purpose of containing China, either perceived or otherwise, Singapore Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen said during a panel discussion at the Reagan National Defense Forum on Sunday (Dec 4).
"It is neither possible nor strategically necessary to contain China's rise ... China is now an integral leader of global systems of trade, finance and security. It is clear that China needs the world as much as the world needs China, and I think this interdependence will grow, not diminish,” they said at the forum in Simi Valley, California, attended by US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter, foreign defence ministers and members of the US Congress.
Advertisement
They added that the rise of China, India and ASEAN are a "virtuous outcome" of the US foreign and defence policies over the last seven decades. "That very fact alone validates the US foreign and defence policies in Asia over the last few decades. But I think this success brings a suite of new challenges as we contemplate US foreign policy moving forward," Dr Ng said.
Asked about potential collaboration between the incoming Donald Trump administration and Taiwan, in the wake of a phone call between the US president-elect and Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, Dr Ng said it was not Singapore's place to second-guess on the reason for the call.
"The president-elect's administration team followed up after the phone call to say that they adhere to the one-China policy, as does Singapore and we are very careful and in fact, constructive," Dr Ng said, pointing to instances where Singapore helped advance the one-China policy, such as hosting the Wang-Koo talks in 1993, the 1992 One Consensus meeting and the meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and then Taiwanese leader Ma Ying-jeou.
Said the defence minister: "I think there are a lot of benefits of a strong China; being able to provide opportunities for both US and other countries in the world, and I think that there are many areas that you can focus on that are productive."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Dr Ng said that they do not believe, even with any new administration, that the US would reduce its presence in the Asia-Pacific region.
"The US' presence in the Asia-Pacific region based predominantly on security is unidimensional and structurally brittle… The US needs a multifaceted relationship with countries in Asia," they said. "Singapore looks forward to working with the new administration to continue to allow the US to be a stabilising force in the Asia-Pacific region.”
Dems need more DiFi, less AOC What do voters think? Chris Stirewalt
Conservatives defend Trump DC Circuit pick Neomi Rao, after GOP Sen. Hawley raises abortion concerns Conservative politicians and activist groups are rushing to the defense of President Trump's D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals nominee Neomi Rao, after a first-year student Republican senator suggested he'll vote against their confirmation because they may harbor pro-choice views. Gregg Re
'Trigger' abortion bill clears Oklahoma Senate panel Oklahoma would automatically ban abortions if the U.S. Supreme Court overturns its landmark 1973 ruling that legalized abortion nationwide under a bill that has cleared a Senate panel.
Lawmakers, first responders sound alarm on 9/11 fund More than 17 years after the 9/11 attacks, lawmakers and first responders are urging Congress to ensure that a victims' compensation fund does not run out of money. MATTHEW DALY
MY INITIAL THOUGHTS
I have been shooting with the D4S for the past month and have had mixed opinions on it. Since I currently own the Nikon Df and D800E, I have been making comparisons between the 3 very different camera bodies. Being that the D4S is the flagship camera, and most expensive option currently offered by Nikon, my expectations were pretty high. I love my Df, and with the D4S having the same sensor just tweaked a little differently via software, I expected image quality between the two to be similar with a slight advantage going to the D4S.
My initial thoughts on the D4S were that I loved it. I loved the speed it offered. I loved the solid feel, button layout, and…well, that's about it. The extremely high ISO is nice, but I only care about the ISO ranges that I actually use, and how well it does when in that range. I had initially planned on purchasing the D4S once my month of testing this particular loaner was up, but I have changed my mind. Not only have I changed my mind, but with my last in-studio dynamic range testing, I'm actually pretty disappointed in Nikon's flagship $6500 camera. I haven't had the opportunity to shoot the new D810, but now seeing how well the D800E stacked up against the D4S in dynamic range and ISO performance, I will be giving it a try.
THE TEST
I usually don't do any “brick wall” testing when I do reviews, I try to only use real life examples. Because of a few shots that I had under exposed with the D4s, I had some concerns with banding when bringing up shadows. In real life, when exposure is on point, dynamic range shouldn't ever really have to be pushed this much. But, when reviewing a camera, especially one like the flagship D4S, I like to push them to their limits to see how they perform. I brought the D4S, Df, D800E, and even the Canon 5D Mark III into the studio to test the dynamic range and ISO. I shot all of the cameras at ISO 100, 1/100sec, 0EV, and f/1.8. The D4S and D800E with the 85mm f/1.8G and the Df with the 58mm f/1.4G. I shot the 5D with the same settings, just with the 50mm f/1.2L. All were shot at f/1.8. The main test was between the D4S and the D800E, I threw the Df in once I saw how much the D800E outperformed the D4S.
My main concern with the D4S is the banding that I noticed over the past month of shooting with it. I noticed it several times when bringing up shadows. Banding has never been an issue with my D800 or D800E, I had only ever noticed it with my Canon bodies. I never noticed it with the Df until this test was done, and it's very very slight, nowhere near as noticeable as with the D4S.
Here's the thing, and don't get me wrong, the dynamic range is still very good with the D4S. I am just surprised to see that as Nikon's flagship camera body, it doesn't perform better. The reason I even did this test was because I had noticed the banding in the shadows and was curious about the dynamic range performance. I also wasn't overly impressed with the ISO performance. I don't care how high the ISO can go if it doesn't do a better job at the ISO ranges that I use in real life. In my ISO testing, it performed the same as the Df and D800E until it reached extremely high ranges that I just never use in real life shooting.
As you can see in the test results below, the D800E handled bringing up shadows at ISO 100 the best. There is barely any noise at all, and no banding. The Df did a slightly better job than the D4S, but still not as good as the D800E. How the Df does a better job than the D4S at cleanly pulling detail out of shadows seems a little odd to me since they are the same sensor. One thing that can definitely be concluded is that all 3 of the Nikon cameras do an awesome job of shooting in the dark, and all 3 are impressive. I just expected the one that is 3 times the price to be a little better then its cheaper siblings.
The only thing done in post was raised the exposure 5 stops, exactly the same on all of them. No other adjustments made. Take a look…
Speaking with other Nikon shooters, a few had mentioned seeing this at ISO 100, but thought that it went away as ISO went up. I noticed it at all different ISOs. Here is another example of the banding I noticed with the D4S at ISO 800. This is a shot that I accidentally fired off during a shoot which is extremely underexposed. You can see the banding along the top once exposure is brought up in Lightroom. You can also see the color in the banding in this example. This is ISO 800 – 85mm at f/1.8 – 1/8000 sec
ISO 6400 COMPARISON
The shots below ISO 6400 are identical, but when you get to ISO 6400, the D4S starts to gain a slight edge over the D800E…slight. The Df is identical to the D4S at 6400. Even though the D4S has a slight edge here at 6400, that is still a little disappointing. I expected to see more of a difference than what you can see below. In real life shooting, I didn't notice any real advantage of high ISO shooting with the D4S over both the Df and the D800E.
CONCLUSION
This is a test, and just a test. I usually stay away from showing this kind of test results because they show what happens when these sensors are pushed to their limits. In real life shooting, you should never really have to push it this far and if your exposure is on point, all of these cameras are top of the line. With that being said, there are times when we need to push them, maybe not to these extremes, but they get pushed. The D4S is Nikon's flagship camera, and it is touted as the best for many reasons…its price tag reflects that. The reason I brought the D4S into the studio and ran this test was because I noticed the banding and wanted to see how bad it was. Would I have noticed it if I nailed my exposure? Absolutely not. The D4S has excellent dynamic range, but when pushed, I didn't expect to see it out performed by its less expensive siblings. If you don't need the speed of D4S, you are mainly concerned with its image quality. As a flagship camera, it should be the best, and for the price…it better be.
I had planned on purchasing the D4S, yet there were many reasons I decided against it. I don't need the speed and it failed to impress me with image quality for its price when compared to the other cameras that I already own. As far as the banding goes, and how much importance I actually put on test results like these, I can tell you this: Dynamic range is important to me, and its one of the reasons I shoot Nikon. With that being said, the Canon 5D Mark III performed the worst, yet it is one of my favorite cameras alongside of the Df. The importance of these results are up to you, but if you are spending $6500 on a camera, you might expect to see a little better.
Nikon shooters, what are your thoughts?
– Jay
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The anniversary of the death of activist Aaron Swartz was marked by an attack on the website of MIT
Microsoft's official blog and two of its Twitter accounts are believed to have been hacked by the Syrian Electronic Army.
The hacking group accessed the social media accounts to post pro-Syria messages and to criticise the company.
Microsoft shut down the accounts for "maintenance" after it discovered they had been compromised.
The attack was one of several carried out by activist and hacking groups during the weekend.
The Syrian Electronic Army (SEA) posted messages to the @MSFTnews and @XboxSupport Twitter accounts as well as Microsoft's official blog on the software giant's TechNet site.
The attackers posted messages telling people to stop using Hotmail and Outlook, saying Microsoft monitored the services and sold information to governments.
In a statement, Microsoft said the accounts were "temporarily affected" and added that "no customer information was compromised".
The SEA posted screen grabs on its Twitter feed of the messages it posted on the compromised accounts.
Phishing emails
Microsoft is the latest victim of the hacking group that has previously posted messages in support of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. It is believed to have caught out many other media organisations and companies, including the Washington Post, the BBC, AP, Skype, the New York Times, the Guardian, the Financial Times and Reuters.
It is not clear how the SEA got access to the Microsoft accounts but previous attacks have relied on phishing emails to trick people into revealing login details.
The attacks on Microsoft came as hacking group Anonymous targeted MIT on the first anniversary of the suicide of digital rights activist Aaron Swartz.
The group compromised the MIT homepage for an hour during which time it redirected visitors to a page about a net campaign against web surveillance.
Mr Swartz took their own life on 11 January last year and many believe they took the step because of the US government's aggressive prosecution campaign against him. Federal lawyers were seeking to prosecute them for downloading millions of academic articles from an MIT-run database.
In other hacking news, an alleged attack on the website of Dropbox was revealed to be a hoax. Rather than being under attack, Dropbox said its site was down for lengthy scheduled maintenance.
Bacteria manage to punish cheaters, even without overloading their prison system. (Apologies to SolieLInitiative and Raul654 of wikimedia for my poor graphics skills)
The guy on the left would not do well as a pseudomonas bacterium.*
*Yes, the metaphor is somewhat tortured. Apply anthropomorphism at your own risk!
We humans take great pride in our ability to come together and cooperate as a society. Interestingly, many microbes cooperate as well. A central conundrum among scientists studying microbial cooperation has been how bacteria manage to prevent cheaters from taking over their population, even without jails or stocks or scarlet letters. Now, a new study finds a surprising genetic mechanism that manages to punish cheaters by depriving them of a private good.Many bacteria cooperate when they reach high population density. For example, some nutrients must be digested outside the cell, which bacteria can do by releasing enzymes. But secreting extracellular enzymes would be a waste for a lone bacterium, since the digested nutrients would float away before the cell could "eat" them. If a lot of bugs all secrete enzymes at once, though, the digested nutrients will build up to a high enough concentration for all to benefit. For this reason, bacteria also secrete "quorum sensing" (QS) molecules that allow them to detect how many of their fellows are around. When they reach quorum, the bacteria switch on their high-cell-density genes.All this sounds good, but it raises the possibility of "cheaters" who don't respond to QS. Cheaters wouldn't make or release digestive enzymes, but they would still get to eat the nutrients broken down by all the cooperators. Cheaters have an immediate advantage, yet in the wild we mostly see cooperators. Why?The Greenberg lab at the U. Washington med school noted that the QS switch doesn't only turn on genes that make extracellular goods – QS also turns on some genes that control private metabolism inside the cell. If these nutrients aren't shared, why would they be regulated by QS? To find out, the group grew pseudomonas bacteria in a few different nutrient conditions. First, as a control, they grew the bugs on just casein, which requires secreted enzymes to digest. As expected, cheater mutants emerged and took over nearly half the population within a few weeks. But when they added another food source (adenosine) to the medium, the cheaters never prospered!Adenosine is metabolized inside the cell, so it is a private good. But adenosine metabolism is one of those private genetic systems paradoxically controlled by QS. It turns out that by putting adenosine metabolism under QS control, pseudomonas has rigged the game so that when cooperators turn on their QS switch, they get enough private benefit (from adenosine) in addition to public benefit (from casein) that they grow better than cheater mutants with broken QS switches (who get free casein but no adenosine). Since natural environments have more than one nutrient around, this system effectively punishes cheaters and protects cooperation.This finding is important because it shows that not only do bacteria cooperate, but they have evolved a built-in genetic enforcement to punish cheaters. The bacteria put genes controlling some private goods under control of the same genetic switch that controls public goods, which ensures that cooperators are those who prosper.
ISIS has landed in Afghanistan, and a former Guantanamo detainee is providing the farewell party for withdrawing U.S. forces.
Mullah Abdul Rauf, a former Taliban commander who was released from Guantanamo in 2007, is recruiting fighters for ISIS. According to Afghan National Army Gen. Mahmood Khan, ISIS has moved into the south of Afghanistan and is actively battling the Taliban, The New York Times reports.
“A number of tribal leaders, jihadi commanders and some ulema (religious council members) and other people have contacted me to tell me that Mullah Rauf had contacted them and invited them to join him,” Khan said.
ISIS forces have been replacing the white flags of the Taliban with the black flags of ISIS, and an elder in the Sangin district told the BBC that a recent skirmish between the rival terrorist organizations left approximately 20 dead.
Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani warned President Obama that troop withdrawal would leave a void ISIS would be eager to fill. Those warnings have gone ignored, with some claiming up until last week that ISIS wouldn't enter Afghanistan.
“This is not Iraq. I don't see [Islamic State] coming into Afghanistan like they did into Iraq,” International Security Assistance Force commander Gen. John Campbell told Fox News last week. What's different about this case is not the presence of ISIS, but rather the shadowy figure behind the recruitment drive.
From 1996 up until 2001, Mullah Abdul Rauf was a high-level Taliban commander whose tenure finally ended after U.S. capture. They were sent straight to Guantanamo Bay for years. In 2007, U.S. authorities transferred Rauf back to Afghanistan. Rauf claimed to be a very low-level foot soldier in the Taliban, or otherwise denied any involvement.
A transcript from Rauf's release interview revealed very benign intentions: “If I go back right now and there is Karzia's government, all I want to do is go there and work on my land…If they do not mind, I'd love to go there and help them out with the new government and work for them.”
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The first Northern Syria regional elections were held on 1 December 2017. Local councils for the Jazira Region, Euphrates Region and Afrin Region were elected as well as for the subordinate cantons, areas and districts of the regions of Rojava. This followed the communal elections that were held on 22 September and will be followed by a federal parliamentary election of the Syrian Democratic Council, the region's highest governing body, initially scheduled for January 2018, but was later postponed.[2]
Preparations [ edit ]
The election was chiefly organized by the High Electoral Commission (Arabic: المفوضية العليا للانتخابات‎; Kurdish: Komseriya Bilind Ya Hilbijartinan‎; Classical Syriac: ܦܩܝܕܳܝܘܬ݂ܐ ܥܠܝܬܐ ܕܓܘܒܳܝ̈ܐ‎) of the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria.[3]
Over 30 parties and entities with more than 5600 candidates competed for posts in the local councils of the three regions of the DFNS as well as for the region's subordinate cantons, areas and districts. There were 3048 candidates in the Jazira Region with 102 candidates rejected by the Electoral Commission, 1170 candidates in the Euphrates Region with 4 candidates rejected and 1502 candidates in the Afrin Region with 48 candidates rejected.[4][5] The Kurdish National Council (KNC) boycotted the elections, as it considered the participation of the Democratic Union Party (PYD) in them as unilateral.[6] DFNS co-president Hediya Yousef called this boycott "irresponsible".[7]
Iraqi Kurdistan sent 13 observers for the elections, among them Kurdistan Democratic Party politicians. This was seen by observers as indication for an improvement of the previously poor relations between the DFNS and Iraqi Kurdistan.[7]
Parties and Electoral lists [ edit ]
There were two main electoral lists competing in the election, the Democratic Nation List (Arabic: قائمة الأمة الديمقراطية‎; Kurdish: Lîsta Netewa Demokratîk‎; Classical Syriac: ܩܝܡܬܐ ܕܐܘܡܬܐ ܕܝܡܩܪܛܝܬܐ‎) which consists of 18 parties, and the Kurdish National Alliance in Syria (Arabic: التحالف الوطني الكردي في سوريا‎; Kurdish: Hevbendiya Niştimanî a Kurdî li Sûriyê‎) in Syria which consists of 4 parties. In addition to these two electoral alliances, the Syrian National Democratic Alliance was also running. There was also a separate list of independent candidates.[4]
The Democratic Nation List includes the Democratic Union Party (PYD), Modernity and Democracy Party of Syria (PNDS), Arab National Coalition, Kurdistan Democratic Party – Syria (Abdul Karim Sko), Green Party of Kurdistan (Al-Khader Kurdistan Party), Liberal Union of Kurdistan, Syriac Union Party, Kurdish Left Party in Syria (PCKS), Kurdistan Democratic Change Party (PGDK), Kurdistan Renewal Movement, Syrian Kurdish Democratic Party, Democratic Peace Party of Kurdistan (PADK), Assyrian Democratic Party, National Rally of Kurdistan Party (PKNK), Free Patriotic Union of Syria (PYNAS), Democratic Conservative Party, Sun Party of Kurdistan (Roj Kurdish Party) and the Kurdish Brotherhood Party.
The Kurdish National Alliance in Syria includes the Kurdish Democratic Unity Party in Syria (Democratic Yekîtî - PYDKS), Kurdish Democratic Left Party in Syria (PCDKS), Kurdish Democratic Party in Syria (al-Party - PKDS) and Syrian Kurdish Democratic Accord (Rêkeftin - al-Wefaq Party). The Syrian Reform Movement (TCKS) was originally a fifth member of the alliance that split from the Kurdish National Council party of the same name.
Results [ edit ]
The turnout was reported to be 69% of eligible voters.[1][8]
Jazira Region (A total of 2,902 seats)
Democratic Nation List: 93,66% , 2,718 seats (out of 2,902 candidates running) .
, 2,718 seats . Kurdish National Alliance in Syria: 1,38% , 40 seats (out of 99 candidates running) .
, 40 seats . Independents: 4,96%, 144 seats (out of 267 candidates running).
Euphrates Region (A total of 954 seats)
Democratic Nation List: 88,78% , 847 seats (out of 954 candidates running) .
, 847 seats . Kurdish Democratic Unity Party in Syria (Democratic Yekîtî - PYDKS): 4,19% , 40 seats (out of 124 candidates running) .
, 40 seats . Independents: 7,02%, 67 seats (out of 95 candidates running).
Afrin Region (A total of 1,176 seats)
Democratic Nation List: 89,80% , 1,056 seats (out of 1,175 candidates running) .
, 1,056 seats . Kurdish Democratic Unity Party in Syria (Democratic Yekîtî - PYDKS): 6,12% , 72 seats (out of 197 candidates running) .
, 72 seats . Syrian National Democratic Alliance: 0,68% , 8 seats (out of 48 candidates running) .
, 8 seats . Independents: 3,40%, 40 seats (out of 86 candidates running).
Reactions [ edit ]
National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces - Fawwaz al-Mufflih, an official of the Syrian Revolution and Opposition Forces' Hasakah branch, called the elections a "farce" that "will vanish after the regime falls." They also claimed that most Arabs in Rojava opposed the elections.[6]
See also [ edit ]
Have you heard of Trapwire? It's a formerly obscure counter-terrorist surveillance network, created by a company run by ex-CIA agents, that links together thousands of ordinary, privately owned security cameras, digitally analyzing the footage they generate and delivering it to various police departments and branches of the U.S. federal government. It's been making headlines in the U.S. since Wikileaks exposed its existence, and online chatter has been obsessively focused on it ever since. There's been endless analysis, opinion, misinformation and clarification (here's a credible run-down of the story so far). Everyone from NBC to Anonymous is talking about it, but the Canadian media has yet to take notice. Which is surprising, since Trapwire is apparently live in Ottawa.
Wikileaks has leaked emails from private security firm Stratfor, who market Trapwire. One of them, written by Stratfor vice president Fred Burton, says:
“Trapwire is in place at every HVT in NYC, DC, London, Ottawa and LA.”
In U.S. Military parlance, an HVT is a “high-value target,” like a federal government building, a military structure or a travel hub. Ottawa has lots of those, and apparently they all house cameras that are spying on Canadians and feeding the footage to Trapwire.
Trapwire's menace has been overhyped. It does not collect facial recognition data, as has been rumoured. Neither does it allow authorities to track individuals as they move from camera site to camera site. These myths have been debunked, as journalists and security analysts learn more about what the Trapwire network does in fact do. The language around that is pretty fuzzy. Trapwire claims to “detect patterns of behavior indicative of pre-operational planning.” What does this mean? Does Trapwire watch for individuals who visit and stake out several possible targets? How can it tell them apart from sight-seeing tourists? What exactly indicates “pre-operational planning”? Have there been enough terrorist operations to provide a viable dataset on which Trapwire can base its scrutiny? The mechanics and effectiveness of the system is very much in doubt.
Regardless of whether or not Trapwire works, it's still a cause for concern. By piggybacking on privately owned cameras and linking them to government authorities, Trapwire circumvents privacy laws and law enforcement protocols. Annalee Newitz at Gawker's i09 blog argues persuasively that the whole thing probably violates U.S. Constitutional law. Noah Scachtman at Wired documents the sleazy dealings between Trapwire and Stratfor as they colluded to sell expensive licenses (starting at $20,000) to government agencies and private clients.
Add to this the one crucial question for us Canadians. If Trapwire's activity does indeed extend to Ottawa, who's on the receiving end of the data flow? Is it our government or is Homeland Security spying on Canadians as well?
Follow Jesse on Twitter @JesseBrown
Christopher Duntsch, the Plano neurosurgeon whose deadly surgical mishaps became a case study in how Texas law allows even the most dangerous doctors to keep practicing, is facing criminal charges—and this time it's for more than stolen pants.
On Tuesday a Dallas County grand jury indicted Duntsch on six counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The victims: their patients. The weapons: “hands and surgical tools,” according to the indictments.
Five patients are named in the indictments, including three—Jeff Glidewell, Mary Efurd and Floella Brown—who were featured in Saul Elbein's 2013 report for the Observer. Elbein's piece detailed how Duntsch left some of their patients injured, paralyzed or dead, sometimes for minor procedures.
As the tragedies mounted, Duntsch's peers tried unsuccessfully to prevent their return to the operating room. Duntsch easily moved from hospital to hospital. The Texas Medical Board took nearly a year to suspend their license after receiving the first complaint against Duntsch.
A handful of Duntsch's patients turned to the courts to hold Duntsch and the hospitals accountable. In legal filings, they allege Duntsch was erratic, and even under the influence of drugs and alcohol while performing surgery. But their patients faced a roadblock: the decade-old tort reforms that raised the burden of proof and reduced the potential payout for medical malpractice cases. Duntsch made a cameo appearance in last year's governor's race, as the star of an attack ad against Gov. Greg Abbott, who, as attorney general, sought to intervene on the hospitals' behalf, against Duntsch's injured patients.
Some of those lawsuits are still ongoing, though Duntsch has been removed from some of the cases, and until today, the chances seemed slim that they would be held to account for more than the shoplifting charge we detailed here in May.
Tuesday's indictments change all that.
“It was a very long investigation,” said Kevin Brooks, felony trial bureau chief in the Dallas County District Attorney's Office, who declined to comment further.
Asked about precedent for a case like this, Brooks noted the recent conviction of a Michigan cancer doctor, who was sentenced to 45 years in federal prison for prescribing chemotherapy treatments to people without cancer.
Texas legal experts told the Observer that it's exceptional for a doctor to face criminal charges related to delivery of care — and not, say, for drug, billing fraud, or sex crimes.
“It's rather uncommon as you might assume,” Texas Medical Board spokesperson Jarrett Schneider told the Observer. The board's records of disciplinary actions, dating back to 1997, list only one doctor who lost their license following a conviction for criminal negligence: Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray.
Duntsch's attorney didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, but in the comments section of our May story, Duntsch offered the most detailed defense of their actions he's provided anywhere—30,000 words' worth of rebuttal to their critics, or anyone who would suggest their care was anything other than excellent. “I am ranked in the top 2% in the world against 4 million scientists and higher than the last 10 nobel prize winners,” Duntsch wrote. To news outlets like the Observer, The Dallas Morning News and the Houston Chronicle, which repeated Dr. Randall Kirby's estimation that Duntsch is a dangerous “sociopath,” Duntsch promised “100000 lawsuits [sic].”
In their comments, Duntsch did admit to shoplifting, which they explained as a simple mistake. “I do not see any approach to defending these actions other than explaining context, and I cannot imagine I would not simply be honest with the facts and the plea, your honor, I am indeed culpable for this misdemenor [sic],” they wrote.
Duntsch now must turn their legal efforts to the six new felonies they face today.
0
“The Force is calling to you. Just let it in.” That is the plea that ends the first trailer for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Well, one theater took that instruction to heart. And it will make you jealous that you won't be in Omaha, Nebraska on December 18, when the movie hits theaters.
Per EW, a theater operated by the Alamo Drafthouse has upped the ante on Star Wars fever. The movie theater has completely embraced the theme of Star Wars, with every aspect of its exterior and interior devoted to the classic franchise. Check out the images below:
The Alamo's Omaha team said in a statement,
“We wanted to construct and install a lobby theme that would make us unique in our Omaha market as well as the midwest. We also wanted a theme that was built around an iconic film and to completely own that theme to immerse our guests in the experience. That is when Star Wars came into the picture and it just so happened that we timed it out just right with the announcement of the huge plans for a new Star Wars legacy starting this December. It is a permanent installation and will be the destination to see all of the new Star Wars films.”
While I'm a little skeptical that the timing “just so happened,” it doesn't take away the impressiveness of the layout. They definitely captured that uniqueness they were going for. If you're going to build a theater with an iconic film as the theme, Star Wars isn't a bad place to start, regardless of whether a new film is coming out (though that helps).
It's actually a rather interesting idea to embrace a theme and immerse a theater in that theme, designing and installing the lobby, concessions, and architecture with memorable and iconic images from the specific film. Now, whether or not this is a one-off idea or a new business model is to be determined. I think it could serve as another way to get people back into theaters. Of course, the chosen theme matters a lot—what if people don't like the theme, or get sick of it, so don't want to go to a theater where they'd be surrounded by it? Also, not every iconic film is suitable for such a treatment. So while there are some pitfalls to such an idea, I imagine this specific theater will be just fine, and it'll be interesting to see if Alamo Drafthouse sees fit to continue this idea by equipping other theaters in a similar fashion.
What movie-themed theater would you like to see?
If Aquaman Carried A Firearm, It's Going To Look Like These Shark Gun Sculptures
We don't know what kinds of gun they carry down in Aqauaman's hometown of Atlantis, but we will be absolutely devastated if the guards at the Atlantean Royal Palace weren't armed to the gills with these shark gun sculptures from artist Christopher Schulz. I mean, could any other weapon be more appropriate?
Combining the deadly killers of the ocean with the deadly killers of the battlefields, these sculptures feature sharks used as bodies for each gun. He's got a leopard shark armed as an assault rifle, a blue shark mashed up with an AK-47, and a tiger shark rigged as a Rheinmetall MG3, among others.
Each of the 3D shark gun sculptures are made from stainless steel, with an acrylic glass base for perching on a display shelf. They come in different sizes, from a small manta ray pistol (14 x 7 x 7 inches) to a huge tiger shark machine gun (68.5 x 18.9 x 21 inches). These are only sculptures, though (they can't actually be fired), but I'm sure you can find the real versions if you ever manage to make your way down the depths of the ocean into the Atlantean regions.
Schulz produces several examples of every sculpture they make (some they make just 9; others, up to 27), each one signed and numbered to verify authenticity. Prices vary from $4,000 to $40,000. They're currently on display at San Francisco's CK Contemporary Gallery.
Two children are drowning: your son and a stranger. Who would you save first? Your son, right? What if one of the children was a thinking, feeling robot?
Philosopher Eric Schwitzgebel from the University of California, Riverside, argues that our hypothetical creations would be more than strangers to us in a fascinating op-ed for Aeon. “Moral relation to robots will more closely resemble the relation that parents have to their children,” they write, “… than the relationship between human strangers.”
Humanity's fraught relationship with artificial intelligence has been a staple of science fiction since the field of modern computer science was born in the 1950s. As Schwitzgebel puts it:
The moral status of robots is a frequent theme in science fiction, back at least to Isaac Asimov's robot stories, and the consensus is clear: if someday we manage to create robots that have mental lives similar to ours, with human-like plans, desires and a sense of self, including the capacity for joy and suffering, then those robots deserve moral consideration similar to that accorded to natural human beings. Philosophers and researchers on artificial intelligence who have written about this issue generally agree.
What even a decade ago might have seemed a flight of scientific fancy has become a relevant question as the development of AI and robotics proceeds apace. Hardly a day goes by without headlines that seem fantastic.
Our own Will Knight recently wrote about a robotic toddler that learns to stand by using brain-like algorithms; it “imagines” its task before it tries it in physical space. Aviva Rutkin wrote for New Scientist about how Silicon Valley is hiring people to serve as trainers for its burgeoning AI systems. The trainers are simultaneously providing backup for the AI and generating a “massive library of training data” which the AI will parse using various machine-learning algorithms until it is able to operate with less supervision. How long now until we cross the threshold and create a robot that thinks? That feels?
“If we create genuinely conscious robots,” Schwitzgebel writes, “we are […] substantially responsible for their welfare. That is the root of our special obligation.” In other words: we brought them into this world, for good or ill—what happens to them after their creation will always, in a significant way, be our fault.
They go on to quote Frankenstein's monster, speaking to its creator:
I am thy creature, and I will be even mild and docile to my natural lord and king, if thou wilt also perform thy part, the which thou owest me. Oh, Frankenstein, be not equitable to every other, and trample upon me alone, to whom thy justice, and even thy clemency and affection, is most due. Remember that I am thy creature: I ought to be thy Adam …
Even without biblical allusion, it's hard not to feel the weight of the Creator's responsibility. It's a heady, dizzying thought—in this case, pushing past parental concern and into the realm of god-figure.
Giving our robotic creations the same moral standing as our organic ones will be one hell of a challenge, though. After all, we can't get people to treat other humans with a universal level of dignity and respect, how can we expect them to give equal moral consideration to bits and bytes? Let alone to give our creations special standing because of our unique status as their creators.
As much as we'd like to pretend that our attitudes toward our children are the result of higher reasoning or deeply thought out philosophical principles, the reality is messy, hormonal, and very much organic. Children have been getting special moral consideration from their parents since long before Socrates. It's a deep impulse to treat our children with special care; it's a similarly deep impulse to treat things that look and act like us with special care. If we're to give robots special moral status as our progeny then I'd argue that we'd also better design them to have expressive faces and only four limbs. We don't generally give cephalopods much moral freight—even though they're extremely intelligent.
Regardless, Schwitzgebel emphasizes an aspect of the great AI debates that is often neglected in popular culture. It's not only a robot rebellion that we need to worry about. It's also the burden of creation. Victor Frankenstein clearly wasn't ready to bear it—let's be sure we are if and when the time comes.
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, a Republican presidential hopeful, signed a bill into law on Monday that stops private sector workers from being required to join a union or pay dues as a condition of employment.
The law takes effect immediately, making Wisconsin the 25th state to approve a so-called right-to-work law and marking the latest victory for Republicans targeting labor unions, following adoption of similar laws in Michigan and Indiana in 2012.
"It sends a powerful message across the country and around the world," Walker said, adding that what they called freedom to work is one of the three or four things that people ask about when they are on trade and investment tours for Wisconsin.
Walker became a hero to conservatives when they pushed for a law to limit the collective bargaining rights of public-sector employees shortly after taking office in 2011. Their stature grew when they survived a union-backed recall election in 2012.
"This is one more tool that will help grow good paying, family supporting jobs here in the state of Wisconsin, particularly in the areas where you need them in manufacturing," Walker said.
Wisconsin's Republican-led legislature approved the bill in an extraordinary session, with representatives voting on Friday along party lines for the measure just two weeks after the Senate majority leader said the bill would be introduced.
Supporters said the law would attract businesses and jobs, while opponents said it was a thinly disguised assault on organized labor that will drive down wages and leave workers vulnerable.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Thousands of workers demonstrated at the capitol in Madison as lawmakers debated the bill, but crowds were far thinner than four years ago, when tens of thousands of people protested the push for changes to public sector collective bargaining rights.
About 8 percent of private-sector workers in Wisconsin are union members, down from about 22 percent three decades ago, according to the Unionstats.com website that tracks membership.
ColorIt Colored Pencils Giveaway
COLORIT GIVEAWAY RULES AND FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (FAQ)
Eligibility
You must be 18 years old or older.
You must be a legal resident of the US and have a US postal address where product can be sent.
ColorIt sincerely apologizes for excluding international customers (we so appreciate all of you!), but international laws are difficult and added to that, shipping is too pricey. We hope you understand.
Sponsor
All ColorIt giveaways are in no way associated with Facebook, Twiter, Pinterest, Instagram, or any other companies. All giveaways are sponsored by ColorIt, which is owned by Terran, LLC and feature only ColorIt products.
How to Enter
We try to make our giveaways as simple as possible. Whether you come across our contest on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, or any other site, all you have to do is click on the link provided. From there you will be directed to the ColorIt Contest page. Here are all of the ways you can enter our giveaways and earn points:
Sign up for our newsletter
Visit ColorIt on Facebook
Follow @coloritcom on Instagram
Like a preselected photo on Instagram
Pin photo on Pinterest
Follow @coloritcom on Twitter
Tweet on Twitter
Visit ColorIt.com
Refer friends for extra entries
Place an order on ColotIt.com
Please note: Contests are based on a point system. Points are listed on the contest page next to each entry type. To make sure points are accounted for, use the official ColorIt Contest Page when participating.
How Not to Enter
Please do not contact ColorIt via email or through any social network messaging to be entered into contests. Since all contests are based on a point system, all entries have to be made through the official ColorIt Contest Page.
What if I encounter a problem?
If you experience any problems along the way, feel free to reach out to the ColorIt Team. You can contact us via email (support@colorit.com) or by messaging us on any of our social networking sites. We are happy to work through any technical issues or questions you might have in order to make sure you don't miss out.
How will I know if I won?
If you win, you will receive an email from support@colorit.com with instructions on how to claim your prize. Winners have one week to claim their prize before another winner is selected.
Winners are also announced on all ColorIt social media networks, so long as the winner grants us permission.
If you think you may have missed an email from us and want to check if you won a giveaway, contact support@colorit.com. We keep accurate records of every contest and can help you out.
When will I receive my ColorIt product?
If you win a ColorIt giveaway, you should receive your product within 3-5 business days. We ship all prizes the following day after we receive the winner's mailing address. If you haven't received your items within a week, please contact support@colorit.com.
While things seemed quiet at the GM meeting, the White Sox' hot stove is starting to heat up. John Heyman has reported that the White Sox have met with Yoenis Cespedes agent.
After trades to acquire Yoenis Cespedes didn't pan out at the trade deadline for the White Sox, it's not all that surprising that they're checking in with each other. With no QO anchor around their neck, Cespedes seems like a nice offseason target for the White Sox, but after a .291/.328/.542 season with 35 homers, he's likely to get a significant pay raise above the $10.5 million they made last season.
On the downside, Heyman mentioned that the Sox "were one of many, many teams" to talk with Cespedes agent.
*****
While Cespedes could be out of the Sox' price range as a free agent, Jon Heyman also reports that Carlos Gonzalez is available again. The downside of trading for Gonzalez, of course, is that we wouldn't see any strikeouts like this.
Your browser does not support iframes.
*****
While the White Sox wait for Jeff Samardzija to reject their QO today, the first ever QO acceptance happened yesterday. Colby Rasmus accepted the Astros $15.8 million, one year deal. For Rasmus, it does make some sense. Last season, the Astros paid them $8 million after a 1.0 bWAR 2014 season for Toronto. At almost a 100% pay raise, it seems that was good enough for Rasmus.
In case you were wondering, Rasmus' $15.8 million is $1.25 million more than what Chris Sale and Jose Quintana will make in 2016 combined.
Hooray! It's your birthday!
The last thing you should do is pay for stuff. So we've put together a list of places where you won't have to!
Most of these places require you to sign up at least seven days before your birthday, so get busy now so you can enjoy the free birthday stuff as it rolls in on your big day. And if you want to give yourself a challenge and score as many birthday freebies as possible, like The Penny Hoarder's Senior Editor Robin Hartill, then here are more than 100 places to find them!
Here's Where to Get 100+ Birthday Freebies:
A&W All American Food : Get a free root beer float on your birthday by joining the Mug Club .
Applebee's : Sign up for its email club , and get a free gift on your birthday, which could be a free appetizer, free entree, or free dessert – they like to keep it a surprise.
Arby's : Sign up for Arby's emails and get a free milkshake on your birthday, plus a free roast beef classic sandwich with a purchase of a drink just for signing up.
Atlanta Bread : Get a free cookie on your birthday when you join Rise Rewards .
Au Bon Pain : Join the Eclub , and get a free birthday lunch, plus you get a pretty handy travel mug just for signing up!
Auntie Anne's : Sign up for Pretzel Perks , and get a free pretzel on your birthday.
Aveda : Receive a birthday gift valued at $23 when you join Aveda's Pure Privilege for $10.
bareMinerals : Join the Friends and Benefits Program , and they'll send you a gift on your birthday.
Baskin Robbins : Create an account , then join the Birthday Club, and get free ice cream on your birthday – be sure to add your family members to your account so they get free ice cream, too!
bd's Mongolian Grill : Get a free meal on your birthday when you join Club Mongo , plus get a $5 coupon just for signing up.
Benihana's : Register for the Chef's Table , and you'll get a $30 birthday certificate. Be sure to sign your kids up for this one — they get a freebie, too!
Bennigan's : Rumor has it you'll receive a BOGO entree AND a free dessert when you sign up for the Bennigan's Eclub .
Big Boy : Join its Email Club , and get a birthday dessert freebie.
BJ's Brewhouse : Join Premier Rewards Plus and get a free Pizookie for your birthday – that's a big, warm cookie smothered in ice cream… yum. What's even better is you don't have to wait for your birthday – you'll also get a free Pizookie just for signing up.
Bonefish Grill : Become a Bonefish Grill Insider , and get special offers on your birthday – Robin Hartill, Senior Editor at The Penny Hoarder, got an offer for their choice of free Bang Bang Shrimp or a dessert.
Boston Market : Join the VIP Club , and get a special birthday surprise.
Bruegger's Bagels : You'll receive a free birthday treat when you join the Bruegger's Bagels eClub . You'll also get a free bagel with cream cheese just for signing up, so no need to wait for your birthday to enjoy a freebie!
Buca di Beppo : You'll receive free pasta after signing up as well as a $20 birthday gift for joining the Eclub .
BurgerFi : If you're a member of BurgerFi's Frequent Fi-Er Rewards , you can expect to receive a birthday reward.
Captain D's : Join D's Club and enjoy a free birthday dessert with the purchase of a regular priced meal, plus you'll receive a coupon for a free dessert or appetizer with the purchase of a meal when you sign up.
Caribou Coffee : Become a Caribou Coffee Perks member and enjoy a free treat on your birthday. You'll also receive a free beverage after your first visit as a Perks member.
Carrabba's Italian Grill : Join Carrabba's Amici Club for a special birthday offer.
Carvel : Join Fudge Fanatics to receive a free treat for your birthday.
Chick-fil-A : Become an Email Insider , and get a special birthday offer. Chick-fil-A did inform us that the freebies are at the discretion of the franchise owner, so check with your local store for details.
Chili's : Get a free dessert for your birthday when you join My Chili's Rewards Club , plus get free chips and salsa or a non-alcoholic beverage with every visit!
Chuck E. Cheese's : Join the The Chuck E-Club , and receive a special treat for your child's birthday.
Disney : Join D23 , the Official Disney Fan Club, and receive a special offer for your birthday.
Cinemark : Subscribe to the Cinemark Weekly email and receive free birthday popcorn, plus special offers delivered to your inbox every week.
Cinnabon : Subscribe to Club Cinnabon to get a special gift for your birthday and a free Minibon just for signing up!
Cold Stone Creamery : Get a BOGO coupon for your birthday by signing up for the Cold Stone Club . You'll also get a BOGO coupon just for signing up!
Cracker Barrel : No signup needed for this one – just stop by Cracker Barrel on your birthday and get a free birthday dessert (birthday song optional).
Culver's : Enjoy a free birthday treat when you sign up for MyCulver's , plus a free scoop just for joining.
Dairy Queen : Receive “an extra-special coupon on your birthday when you become a member of the Blizzard Fan Club , plus get a BOGO Blizzard coupon just for signing up!
Dave & Buster's : Sign up for Dave & Buster's Rewards , and get $5 in free game play for your birthday plus $10 in free game play just for signing up.
Del Taco : If you're a Raving Fan eClub member , you can enjoy a regular-size premium shake for your birthday, plus you'll get two free grilled chicken tacos just for signing up.
Denny's : No need to sign up for this one — just stop by Denny's on your birthday and get a free build-your-own Grand Slam. Just remember to bring your ID.
Designer Shoe Warehouse : Sign up for DSW Rewards member and receive a special birthday offer.
Dippin' Dots : Get free Dippin' Dots for your birthday when you join the Dot Crazy Email Club .
Disney Movie : Get 100 free points for your birthday when you sign up for Disney Movie Rewards .
Don Pablo's : Become a Habaneros Member and get a $10 gift card on your birthday, plus free cantina nachos just for joining.
Dunkin' Donuts : Get a free beverage on your birthday by signing up for the DD Perks Rewards Program . You'll also get a free drink just for signing up.
Edible Arrangements : Join Edible Rewards and receive a free 12 count chocolate dipped fruit box during your birthday month.
Einstein Bros. Bagels : Get a free egg sandwich with a purchase on your birthday when you join the Shmear Society — not totally free, but hey, you'll need something to help wash that sandwich down.
Famous Dave's : Join the Famous Nation and get a tasty gift for your birthday.
Firehouse Subs : Sign up for Firehouse Rewards for a free medium sub the week of your birthday.
First Watch : Get a free entree for your birthday as a member of the Sun EClub , plus a BOGO offer for joining.
Friendly's : When you become a BFF Club member, you'll receive free birthday sundaes for you and your children.
Fuddruckers : Get a birthday burger when you join the Fudds Club .
Godiva : Get an exclusive birthday gift when you join the Godiva Rewards Club .
Great American Cookies : Join the Cookie Club , and get a $3 coupon just for signing up, plus a surprise for your birthday – one Penny Hoarder got a free slice of cookie cake with a drink purchase.
Habit Burger Grill : If you have a habit of craving burgers, then be sure to join Habit Burger Grill's CharClub to enjoy birthday freebie.
Hard Rock : Sign up for Hard Rock Rewards for an annual birthday offer.
Harkins Theatres : Sign up for My Harkins Rewards and receive a $5 birthday coupon to use at the concessions.
Hooters : Get some birthday wings when you sign up for Hooters Eclub .
IHOP : Sign up for the Pancake Revolution and receive a free meal on your birthday, plus a free meal just for signing up.
JCPenney : Receive a birthday gift when you sign up for JCPenney Rewards .
Jersey Mike's Subs : Get a free sub and drink when you sign up for the email club .
Joe's Crab Shack : Register with Joe's Catch and receive a birthday offer, plus you'll get a free appetizer just for signing up.
Kohl's : Sign up for Yes2You Rewards and receive a special birthday gift.
Krispy Kreme : All Krispy Kreme Rewards members receive a free birthday treat – just download the app to sign up.
Longhorn Steakhouse : Sign up for Longhorn Rewards and receive a free dessert on your birthday, plus 100 bonus points just for signing up – enough for a free bold or sweet bite and up to four free side, salad or soup upgrades (25 points each).
Marie Callender's : Join the Eclub , and get exclusive birthday offers, plus a special offer for signing up.
Medieval Times : Receive free admission when you sign up for email updates .
Moe's Southwest Grill : Sign up Rockin' Rewards and get a coupon for a free birthday burrito, plus free nachos with a drink purchase just for signing up.
Noodles & Company : Sign up for Noodles Family at least 60 days before your birthday and you'll receive a special offer the week before your birthday.
Old Navy : Subscribe to Old Navy emails to receive a special birthday offer, plus get a 20% off coupon just for signing up.
Olive Garden : Get a complimentary appetizer or dessert on your birthday by signing up for the eClub .
On the Border : Join Club Cantina and get free queso on your birthday, plus an order of sopapillas just for signing up.
Panda Express : Register to receive emails and an exclusive offer on your birthday.
Panera : Join MyPanera and get a bonus reward on your birthday, plus a reward just for signing up.
Pei Wei : Sign up for My Wei Rewards and choose from these birthday freebies: crab wontons, traditional edamame, vegetable spring rolls, pork egg roll, or Vietnamese chicken salad roll.
Perkins : Receive birthday gifts for yourself and family members age 12 and under when you sign up for MyPerkins – plus you'll get a 20% off coupon for signing up.
Pet Supplies Plus : Create a Pet Supplies Plus online account and add your pet profiles to receive special birthday gifts (up to 1 per month and 3 per year).
Petco : Join Petco's palsrewards and create a pet profile to receive a free gift for your pet's birthday.
P.F. Chang's : Join P.F. Chang's Rewards and get a free appetizer or dessert during your birthday month.
Pinkberry : Sign up for a Pinkcard or download the app, and receive a free yogurt on your birthday.
Pita Pit : Sign up for the Pita Pit card and receive an offer on your birthday – Insider tip: it's a free pita!
Pizza Hut : Sign up for Hut Rewards and be on the lookout for your birthday reward as your birthday approaches.
Planet Smoothie : Join the Planet Smoothie Club and receive a free smoothie for your birthday.
Qdoba : Receive a special birthday gift when you register for Qdoba Rewards .
Redbox : Sign up for the Redbox Play Pass , and receive a free birthday rental.
Red Lobster : Receive a birthday surprise when you join the Fresh Catch Club .
Red Robin : Register for the Red Robin Royalty Program , and get a free birthday burger.
Regal Cinemas : Create a Regal Crown Club account and receive a free birthday reward, plus a free small popcorn when you opt in to receive promotional text messages.
Rita's Italian Ice : Sign up for its Birthday Club , and get a free birthday treat.
Romano's Macaroni Grill : Sign up for the email club , and get a free dessert on your birthday.
Ruby Tuesday : Join So Connected , and score a free burger or garden bar entree on your birthday, plus get a free appetizer just for joining.
Sbarro : Receive a free birthday surprise when you become a member of T they Slice Society , plus you'll get a free XL NY slice with the purchase of a beverage just for signing up.
Sephora : Become a Beauty Insider and receive a free gift for your birthday plus free beauty classes for joining.
Showcase Cinemas : Sign up for a Starpass and start earning points within 30 days after your birthday to receive a voucher for a free regular popcorn.
Smashbox : Register for the rewards program , and receive a free gift during your birthday month.
Sonic : Create a My Sonic account, and receive a special treat on your birthday – just be sure to add your birth date to your profile after signing up, then go get your free medium size slush or drink just for joining.
Sonny's BBQ : Get a free Big Deal Meal on your big day by joining the ‘Q Crew , plus a $5 coupon just for joining.
Souper Salad : Register for Souper Fresh Club , and get a free meal during your birthday week, plus a $3 coupon just for signing up.
Sprinkles : Receive a free cupcake for your birthday when you join Sprinkles Perks .
Starbucks : Get a birthday reward as a member of Starbucks Rewards .
Steak ‘n Shake : Join the eClub to get a free menu item on your birthday and your anniversary, plus special postcards for your kids' birthdays!
Subway : Sign up for the Subway Rewards Program and the sandwich-making company will add 20 points to your account on your birthday. FYI, 20 points will get you a free 21-ounce fountain drink (20 points), a free bag of chips (15 points) or two free cookies (10 points each).
Swagbucks : Get 55 free Swagbucks on your birthday. Be sure to check out our Swagbucks review for how to get the most out of Swagbucks.
TCBY : Sign up for TCBY emails , and receive special offers for your birthday.
Texas Roadhouse : Sign up for the email club for a free birthday surprise.
TGI Friday's : Join the Friday's Rewards program, and get a free dessert on your birthday, plus a free appetizer or dessert just for signing up.
The Melting Pot : Join Club Fondue , and get a voucher for free chocolate fondue for two on your birthday –– you'll also get six of the Melting Pot's signature chocolate-covered strawberries.
The Spaghetti Warehouse : Join the Warehouse Club , and get a free meal on your birthday, plus a free appetizer for becoming a member of the club.
Tijuana Flats : Become a Flathead and receive a free treat for your birthday – you'll also get a free Tijuana Trio just for joining.
Tony Roma's : Sign up for the email club , and get a BOGO entree on your birthday.
Uno Pizzeria & Grill : Join the Uno Insider's Club , and receive a free appetizer during your birthday month, along with a free welcome gift for joining.
ULTA Beauty : Receive a free birthday gift with Ultamate Rewards .
Victoria's Secret : Sign up for an Angel Card , and get a birthday gift.
Waffle House : Make sure you're a member of the Waffle House Regulars Club to receive a free waffle on your birthday.
Wienerschnitzel : Join the Wiener Lovers' Club , and get a free coupon each year on your birthday, plus a free chili dog for joining.
Wingstop : Get a free gift on your birthday when you sign up for The Club , plus an order of free fries just for signing up!
Yogurt Mountain : Join the YOMO Club , and get free yogurt on your birthday.
War Of Words: France Debates Teaching Courses In English
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jacques Demarthon/AFP/Getty Images Jacques Demarthon/AFP/Getty Images
Will teaching in English at France's universities undermine the French language? That's up for debate in the country now, and the argument is heated.
The lower house of parliament approved a measure Thursday that would allow courses to be taught in English, something that is currently against the law.
Those in favor of the proposal say it will attract more international students and improve English language skills of French students. But opponents say the move will only impoverish and marginalize the country's tongue.
In the National Assembly this week, Genevieve Fioraso, the minister for higher education, explained why they believe universities need to start teaching English.
"We need to be able to welcome students from emerging countries like Korea, India and Brazil, to study science, economics and technology," they said. "And they don't come to France now because of the language barrier."
On the other side of the fight, parliamentarian Daniel Fasquelle tried to shock their colleagues by speaking English.
"And my question is clearly, shall we speak English in this French Parliament one day?" they asked.
Fasquelle and other opponents of the measure say if science and technology are taught in English, the French language will lose vocabulary and gradually cease to be a modern, living language.
Their colleague Pouria Amirshahi, who represents the 150,000 French citizens who live in North and West Africa, says France should not strive to be a second-rate copy of English and American universities. France should work to attract the world's Francophone students.
"It makes no sense. You have in the Ivory Coast, in Morocco, in Algeria, in a lot of countries, many people who speak French and who you want to come in France to learn in French — sciences, history," they say.
Once the language of diplomacy and the world's elite, French now ranks as the world's eighth-most-spoken language. The Academie Francaise, set up in 1635 as the official guardian of the language, regularly comes up with French alternatives to English tech words. But words like mot-diese and ordimobile rarely catch on with a younger generation that prefers to stick with "hashtag" and "smartphone." Even French newspaper Liberation had a front-page headline in English endorsing the measure this week: "Let's do it!"
While a 1994 law bars classes being taught in English from nursery school to university, elite private business schools and French grandes ecoles, the equivalent of American Ivy Leagues, have long been teaching in the language of Shakespeare.
Students take a break outside Sciences Po, a grande ecole in the center of Paris. The school offers one-third of its classes in English, and 40 percent of its student body is from abroad.
Briton Peter Gumbel, who teaches here, says the real problem is not English, but a two-tier system.
"You have the best and the brightest get the full immersion in an international education, including studying abroad," they say, "and then you have the 95 percent who are stuck in a French-ossified system."
Gumbel says they understand French concern over losing its language, but the important thing, they say, is to spread French thinking and ideas. France already attracts many different people, including international students, they say. And even if they're taking classes in English, they're also learning French.
"So it's not that just by teaching in English you completely cut off French as a language. On the contrary, you get more people interested in France, more people interested in the ideas that French intellectuals have," they say. "They get passionate about the place. And so France carries on living in their imaginations when they've left France again."
That, says Gumbel, is the very definition of soft power.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
FIFA 14 will be released in Europe on September 27, EA has confirmed.
Additionally, EA is offering numerous preorder incentives in the UK that dish out FIFA Ultimate Team freebies. Customers who opt to buy the Ultimate Edition from Amazon will get 24 gold packs for Ultimate Team, given out at a rate of one a week for 24 weeks.
Each gold pack is a random assortment of 12 items, EA says, offering up players, stadiums, staff, balls, and kits. The players included in the gold packs are mostly rated above 75 in the game, and each pack includes a rare item. The Ultimate Edition also provides an All-Star Team featuring, among others, Lionel Messi.
Preordering at Game gets players the Limited Edition of FIFA 12, which features 24 premium gold packs. These are like the packs included in the Ultimate Edition, only they serve up two rare items every week. This version of FIFA 14 also comes in a steelbook case.
On top of that is the FIFA 14 Special Edition, exclusive to Game, which provides everything in the Limited Edition alongside an Adidas EA Sports glider football.
Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions of FIFA 14 are also in development, but are not yet dated for release by EA.
The publisher announced its next-generation Ignite engine alongside Microsoft's official unveiling of the Xbox One earlier in the week.
For more on FIFA 14, check out GameSpot's previous coverage.
Grant Baldwin, Australia's massage therapist, took the field for Mitchell Starc © Getty Images
Australia's decision to hand substitute fielding duties to Grant Baldwin, the team's massage therapist, has been a subject of criticism over the first two days of the day-night Test in Adelaide. Their performance was scrutinised by television commentators after a couple of fumbles in the field.
At the end of the second day, Australia said they would not use Baldwin as a fielder any more and had drafted in South Australia's Sam Raphael for substitute duties.
Baldwin, 28, is also the assistant to the Australian team manager, Gavin Dovey, and replaced the injured Mitchell Starc midway through the second session on the opening day of the Adelaide Test. Baldwin had played for Victoria's second XI between 2006 and 2008, and is a regular participant in Australia's fielding sessions at the nets.
The decision to use Baldwin was made after both James Pattinson and Steven O'Keefe were released from the Test squad to play for their respective states and, with a full round of Sheffield Shield matches taking place, Australia were left with the choice of fielding a current state second XI player, or drafting in Baldwin.
Three local cricketers, none of whom have first-class experience, were available but the Australians were concerned the pressure of fielding in this Test may have been too much for inexperienced players. The fact Baldwin was already with the team and considered capable of doing the job were the deciding factors.
"Grant's played second XI cricket for Victoria and he's fielded for us before on tours," said Josh Hazlewood after the second day. "We've got three young guys here who haven't played first-class cricket, I think we're getting a guy in tomorrow who has played for SA, so it'll be good to get them out there. We thought Grant was probably the best option. It's quite a pressure situation out there in front of 40,000, so with those other three guys not playing first-class cricket before, we thought it was the best case."
Melinda Farrell is a reporter at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
How should scientists interpret their data? Emerging from their labs after days, weeks, months, even years spent measuring and recording, how do researchers draw conclusions about the results of their experiments? Statistical methods are widely used but our recent research in Nature Methods reveals that one of the classic science statistics, the P value, may not be as reliable as we like to think.
Scientists like numbers, because they can be compared with other numbers. And often these comparisons are made with statistical analyses, to formalise the process. The broad idea behind all statistical analyses is that they allow the researcher to make somewhat objective assessments of the results of their experiments.
Which drug is more effective?
Scientists often conduct experiments to investigate whether there is a difference between two conditions: do people get better more quickly after taking the blue pill (condition one) or the red pill (condition two)? The most common method for assessing if the pills differ in their effectiveness is to undertake statistical analysis of where some patients were given the blue pill and some the red, and from this determine whether there is strong evidence that one colour is more effective than the other.
To assess experimental results, scientists very often use a “P value” (P is for probability). This is used to show how convincing these results are: if the P value is small, they think that the findings are real and not just a fluke. In our pill example, if P is small this is considered good evidence that there is a difference in effectiveness of the two colours of pill.
Although P is never proof that there is a difference – scientific studies never prove things, they only provide a degree of evidence for them – studies with low P values are thought to be convincing, and so are not often repeated to be sure the results are correct. This might seem reasonable because there is limited money and time in science – results from a study that seem very clear perhaps do not warrant double-checking when there are new discoveries out there to be made.
P values are fickle friends
However, we have used simple models to show that the P value often varies dramatically if a study is replicated. Our models depict a simple scenario. Samples have been measured from two conditions. A statistical test called a t-test is conducted to investigate whether there is good evidence that the conditions are different, and the test result is interpreted by the generation of a P value.
The two conditions in our scenario are indeed somewhat different and so we might expect a reasonable sample size to uncover this difference. That is, a reasonable sample size will return a low P value associated with the t-test. However, when we repeat the model experiment many times over, we find that the P value varies dramatically each time.
If your friend has invited you round for dinner next week but in the preceding days keeps contacting you and giving dramatically differing arrival times, you will soon conclude you have very little idea of what time dinner will actually be. Similarly, if P varies considerably each time an experiment is conducted, this makes the P value unreliable, and a poor measure of how strong the evidence is from a single run of that experiment.
The implication is huge for data analysis –- a low P value returned from a study is likely to have as much to do with luck as it has to do with the presence of an important pattern in the data, and in turn a re-run of the experiment might well result in a very different P value. Therefore, a low P value for a single experiment cannot be taken as good evidence that there is a difference between the conditions.
This weakness could well explain why famous scientific findings from the past, central to the foundations of many disciplines, are not being confirmed now that the original studies are finally being re-examined.
These include a lack of reproducibility in cancer research, as well as the apparent loss of the phenomenon called “verbal over-shadowing” whereby people shown a face and asked to describe it are less likely to recognise the face later on than if they had simply looked at it.
So why is the P value so variable, so fickle? Unfortunately it seems that some degree of variability between the samples for each occurrence of an experiment creates an unstable P value.
Moving on
So if not the P value, what should we use to analyse and interpret our data? We argue for a fundamental shift in thinking away from asking the question “is there a difference?” and towards asking “how big is the difference?”. After all, scientists rarely want to know simply whether there is a difference between conditions.
There is always a difference, even if extremely small. It is more pertinent to ask whether the difference is big enough to be of interest, to be of importance. If the effectiveness of the red pill is just 0.01% greater than that of the blue pill, there is a difference between them but it isn't noteworthy – in practice one pill colour is as good as the other.
The P value can be ditched and scientists can focus instead on how big the difference is between the conditions according to their experiment. They can also provide simple-to-calculate values on how precise that difference is likely to be when generalised beyond the laboratory.
Thus once data collection has finished, scientists should focus on estimating how big the difference is in the effectiveness of the blue and red pills, and how precise this estimate is likely to be. Researchers already know about these simple concepts – effect sizes and confidence intervals – they just need to start emphasising them, and let the P value become a thing of the past.
Unfortunately, while a smattering of journals have now started to outlaw the P value in recognition of some of its failings, recently at least one journal has also banned the use of the confidence interval, apparently because its precise statistical definition risks it being over-interpreted and misunderstood.
A reasonable counter to this point of view is that confidence intervals are a valuable tool for estimating the margin of error around our findings – they are a crucial measure when translating our sample of data collected in the laboratory into an understanding of real world scenarios, where results really matter.
Democrats in the Senate pushed through legislation Tuesday that would change how the state divvies up dollars among local school districts, a move Republicans blasted as a bailout for cash-strapped Chicago Public Schools even as the proposal faces an uncertain future in the House.
Sponsored by Sen. Andy Manar, D-Bunker Hill, the measure is the latest in a decadeslong attempt to rewrite the state's school aid formula amid complaints that poorer districts unable to rely on property tax revenue to pad classroom funding are falling further behind their wealthier counterparts flush with property tax dollars.
But efforts to overhaul the system have had numerous starts and stops. There's a limited amount of money to go around, and relatively well-off districts don't want their share of state funding cut as lawmakers try to boost aid for poorer schools.
That dynamic was on display Tuesday, when the legislation passed 31-21 along partisan lines. Manar and fellow Democrats argued a change would bring about parity for schools across the state, while suburban lawmakers decried it as an effort to shift funds away from their schools to the benefit of Chicago.
They pointed to a provision in the bill that would pick up more than $200 million a year in teacher pension costs for CPS, as well as hundreds of millions more set aside to help the district pay for transportation for special education students, early childhood education programs and private tuition.
"CPS is burning to the ground. It's in dire straits. And I recognize that somehow, some way, the state's going to need to be involved in helping keep Chicago alive. I get that. But this is not honest. This is not the right way to do this," said Sen. Matt Murphy, R-Palatine. "If you are a suburbanite, they are coming after you."
Republicans have instead pushed Gov. Bruce Rauner's plan to pump another $55 million into education spending this year and sort out the funding formula later, a move Manar said would only exacerbate the situation.
"What we do know today is that the system the governor has proposed is $55 million that earns a whole bunch of school districts less money," Manar said. "That's what we have to measure this bill against, a system that spends more with outcomes that aren't as good."
Rauner has accused Democrats of embracing the school funding formula issue as a way to prevent schools from opening on time amid the continuing budget stalemate that's left Illinois without a complete budget for the last 11 months. Rauner vetoed most of the spending plan Democrats sent him, save for the portion that ensured schools opened in the fall — even though Republican lawmakers voted against the measure at their direction.
That has frustrated Democrats, who see Rauner taking credit for funding schools even though it was Democrats who sent them the bill. On Tuesday, Manar balked at the suggestion that they would hold up dollars for schools in exchange for their proposal, saying, "I don't presume I have the authority to."
"I don't think anybody wants to see that," Manar said. "That would inject more uncertainty into the system. That would amplify the challenges that the poorest districts face today."
In a statement, Chicago Public Schools CEO Forrest Claypool said the Senate vote was "an important step forward" for school districts populated with predominantly low-income and minority students."Too many districts — including Chicago — are struggling under the weight of Illinois' last-in-the-nation approach to educating students in poverty," Claypool said.
But there are doubts the bill will even be called for a vote in the House, where Democrats have a slimmer majority and are less willing to embrace controversial legislation that could see some of their schools lose out on dollars. Lawmakers there have been holding their own hearings on a potential change to the funding formula, though specific legislation has yet to emerge.
"There's still a lot more discussion we need on (elementary and secondary education) than where we are at right now," said Rep. Will Davis, D-Homewood, who chairs the education appropriation committee. "Whether or not the leaders, as we would call them, have an interest in holding off on (grade and high school funding). I'm not necessarily encouraging that, but what I am encouraging here is an opportunity to really take a look at what we want to do with (that) funding, moving forward, in a substantial way."
Chicago Tribune's Juan Perez Jr. contributed.
mcgarcia@tribpub.com cbott@tribpub.com
India has put pressure on digital media outlets, including social-networking site Facebook and micro-blogging service Twitter, to remove "inflammatory" content it said helped spread rumours that sparked an exodus of migrants from some Indian cities last week.
In a statement on Tuesday, the government said it had already blocked access to 245 web pages it said contained doctored videos and images.
"A lot of inflammatory and harmful content [or] information has been found to be appearing on the social networking sites hosted outside the country," the government statement read.
"The government is for free information. There is no question of anything being censored here. But that does not mean there are not limitations," a senior official in the home affairs ministry said.
The official said authorities were trying to identify those responsible for posting the inflammatory material.
R Chandrashekhar, telecommunications secretary, threatened legal action against the websites if they did not fully comply with the requests to take down the offending pages.
Response 'poor'
Chandrashekhar told CNN-IBN television that Google and Facebook had largely complied with the government's requests while the response from Twitter had been "extremely poor".
"We understand the gravity of the situation, strongly condemn acts of violence and continue to work closely with relevant authorities", Paroma Roy Chowdhury, Google spokesperson, said in a statement.
"We have received requests from Indian authorities and agencies and are working through those requests and responding to the agencies," Facebook said in a statement released by their Indian representatives.
Indian government faces criticism for Assam response
India had already warned Twitter that it could face legal action if it failed to identify their sources in the "inflammatory" messages.
Twitter was not immediately available for comment.
Thousands of students and workers from India's northeast fled Mumbai, Bangalore and other cities last week fearing
retaliation for violence against Muslims in the remote tea-growing state of Assam after threatening mobile phone text messages and website images sowed panic.
Clashes between indigenous Bodo people in Assam and Muslim settlers from neighbouring Bangladesh have killed nearly 80 people, mostly Muslims of Bengali origin, and displaced some 300,000 since July.
The state government called in the Indian army who have orders to shoot on sight in order to maintain calm, but the state police chief denies that any such order was given.
The state previously faced ethnic violence in the 1990s and the late 1970s. Tens of thousands were displaced in 1996-1997 and 1979-1985.
Surrounded by China, Myanmar, Bangladesh and Bhutan, Assam is home to more than 200 ethnic and tribal groups. Muslim Bangladeshis make up most of the immigrants.
How hot can the summer be in China? Just take a look at these pictures:
At 12:54 pm on July 30, in an experiment, a piece of bacon was put in a frying pan which was placed on the road by Shanghai Xujiahui Center (上海徐家汇中心). In about 80 minutes, the bacon was cooked well-done. During the whole process, the ground surface temperature remained over 60 C. The highest temperature that day in Shanghai was 39 C. Photo: weibo.com
A lorry carrying a truckload of fresh fish capsized on the highway near Zhenjiang in Jiangsu Province (江苏省镇江市) on July 29. Most of the fish got baked alive before they could be picked up. Photo: weibo.com
July 28, in Chongqing's Pianyan County (重庆市偏岩镇), the heat drives people to the river where they set up tents and tables and eat with their bare feet in the water. On the hottest days as many as 300 dining tables could be seen on the bank of the river. Photo: weibo.com
On July 29, in Loudi, Hunan Province (湖南省娄底市), while preparing dinner, one Ms. Xie noticed something strange in an egg they just cracked. A closer look startled them as the thing turned out to be a half-hatched chick. They cracked more eggs and found all of them in the same condition. “The weather has turned the room into an incubator,” said Ms. Xie. Photo: weibo.com
The Chinese have taken after the Brits as #the weather# (yes, you need two hash tags to mark a topic on Weibo) has become a hot topic on China's most popular microblogging platform. And if you hear a Chinese talking about “a pinch of cumin”, don't make the mistake of thinking they are talking about food. In fact, it is the latest Chinese slang for hot weather, which makes people feel as if they were being cooked alive. "Just add a pinch of cumin, voilà, you are ready to be served," quipped one Weibo user.
Hot weather is making people do all sorts of crazy things, too. On July 31 in Nanjing, a 40 something swindler tried one of their usual tricks to make money: they threw themselves to a truck, faked a fall, and claimed to have been hit by the driver. Though everyone saw through this pathetic show the man put on, they refused to get up and laid motionless on the ground for about 20 minutes. When the police officer came, the man admitted that it was so hot on the ground that they felt too dizzy to stand up...
A Weibo user claimed that this is what happened five minutes after a basket of eggs is dropped on the pavement. Photo: weibo.com
In disbelief, a man decided to see for themselves whether eggs could be fried on the sun-baked road. So they picked the hottest spot on the road at two in the afternoon to do their experiment. After an hour and a half, the egg was still uncooked. He, however, suffered a heatstroke and was sent to the hospital...
Lastly, take a look at this...
Wuhan's Water Park on July 15, 2013. If people are willing to go for a swim in this condition... Photo: weibo.com
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
The next 96 hours could determine the future of the Republican Party. If the Tea Party is coronating its own third-party candidate next summer, the moment of schism will likely be traced back to this week of debate on raising the debt ceiling.
The fissures are already evident. House Speaker John Boehner and their No.2, majority leader Eric Cantor, split on a grand bargain for deficit reduction. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's plan of last resort was met with outright hostility by the House Republican conference. And the House Republicans' preferred plan — Cut, Cap and Balance – is less than popular with the Republican pundit class who openly acknowledge it's a PR stunt that has zero chance of becoming law.
To hear Democrats tell it, House Republicans are “isolationist,” “extreme” and “spend more time listening to each other than their leaders.” Of course, it behooves Democrats to push the idea of a Republican Party in disarray. But Republicans have given them plenty of fodder.
As two roads diverge before the GOP on the debt ceiling, it's increasingly hard to see a path that leads to party unity. Go right and the GOP risks default and, as McConnell has warned, being blamed by the center for an economic disaster. Take the center path – there is no left turn here – and Republicans risk an angry Tea Party base and potential primary threats. From the advent of the Tea Party to purity tests and the 2010 primary challenges, the split has been a long time coming.
(MORE: As the Debt Debate Shifts, Tea Partyers Plan to Hold Their Ground
The center road toward compromise looks to be the likely path. Boehner said on Thursday that they have been preparing their flock for such an eventuality. “Frankly, I think it would be irresponsible, on behalf of the Congress and the President, not to be looking at backup strategies for how to solve this problem,” Boehner told reporters.
As Karl Rove noted, the debate is now between a package that is mostly spending cuts versus 100% spending cuts and polls have consistently shown Obama has public opinion on their side in that debate. Five recent polls have shown overwhelming support for a “balanced approach” that includes a mix of tax increases and spending cuts. As David Brooks wrote two weeks ago, Republicans would be crazy to walk away from what will likely be the best offer for deficit reduction on their terms in a generation. But Republicans seem intent on not only walking away from a deal, but handing Democrats electoral gifts as they go.
Even if a grand bargain doesn't happen now, Obama can claim they put everything on the table and Republicans walked away. And on a congressional level, Democrats were delighted with the GOP's vote on Cut, Cap and Balance, which cuts half a trillion dollars more than Paul Ryan's budget. “After polling and town hall meetings where voters rejected this plan to end Medicare, House Republicans doubled down on it — cutting, capping and ending it again,” says Jesse Ferguson, a spokesperson for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which works to elect Democrats to Congress. “That's just wrong and an example of House Republican's misguided priorities: ending Medicare instead of creating jobs.”
(MORE: For Grassroots Conservatives in Debt Fight, the GOP Is Now the Enemy)
Even Grover Norquist on Thursday told the Washington Post they didn't consider allowing George W. Bush's tax cuts to lapse a tax increase. When the anti-tax guy is encouraging a compromise that would allow the Bush tax cuts to expire, you know the GOP's reached the precipice.
Certainly, the freshmen have compromised before. They demanded $100 billion in cuts from the 2011 budget. They got $38.5 billion. And after a long, drawn out battle, most of the freshmen voted for that deal. And perhaps they are, again, holding out for the best deal possible. But at some point – whether it's next week or in six months – the GOP will face a hard decision on revenue increases. And when that road splits, the Republican party might just do the same.
(MORE: Tea or Sanity)
State Auditor Dave Yost issued a subpoena for the financial records of JobsOhio yesterday after Gov. John Kasich's privatized economic-development agency failed to turn them over. "They are not cooperating with our attempts to audit them," Yost told The Dispatch, asserting their legal authority to review the finances of the private entity that spearheads Kasich's efforts to attract jobs to the state. The subpoena gives JobsOhio until Wednesday to turn over all financial records through the fiscal year ending June 30, 2012.
State Auditor Dave Yost issued a subpoena for the financial records of JobsOhio yesterday after Gov. John Kasich's privatized economic-development agency failed to turn them over.
"They are not cooperating with our attempts to audit them," Yost told The Dispatch, asserting their legal authority to review the finances of the private entity that spearheads Kasich's efforts to attract jobs to the state.
The subpoena gives JobsOhio until Wednesday to turn over all financial records through the fiscal year ending June 30, 2012.
The General Assembly created JobsOhio early in 2011 through the enactment of House Bill 1 shortly after Kasich became governor.
News of the subpoena came amid new questions about just how much taxpayer money has been poured into JobsOhio and how it got there apparently without state lawmakers knowing about it.
Yost said they issued the subpoena after several months of negotiations between their office and Jobs-Ohio chief financial officer Kevin Giangola, and only after "it became clear over the last three days or so that we weren't going to hear back from JobsOhio."
Yost added, "I was told that the CFO said it wasn't going to be their decision."
The auditor was unsure if the decision not to cooperate was made by the governor's office, but they said they had heard "third-hand through the legislative process" that the Kasich administration might attempt to insert an amendment into the state transportation budget bill to clarify their authority to audit JobsOhio.
Asked to comment on such an amendment and the subpoena, Rob Nichols, Kasich's spokesperson, indicated in an email that the administration has no problem with Yost auditing taxpayer money going to JobsOhio, but they were vague about Yost's overall purview regarding the private entity.
"The auditor has clear authority to audit public funds, and if there's any confusion about that authority, then it needs to be clarified in law," Nichols said.The Development Services Agency "is requesting that the auditor audit the public funds it has provided to JobsOhio and the administration looks forward to working with them on that effort."
Senate President Keith Faber, R-Celina, confirmed yesterday that "there has been discussion" about an amendment to clarify the auditor's authority to check JobsOhio's books, but that they had not seen "any language on that."
State Sen. Gayle Manning, R-North Ridgeville, chair-woman of the Senate Transportation Committee, said they had not talked with anyone in the Kasich administration about an amendment, but "I've heard that it's out there."
Yost's subpoena sets up a high-stakes showdown between two Ohio Republican titans and could spark a court battle over the use of public funds for private purposes.
Asked if it was politically uncomfortable to subpoena the prized job-creation agency of their party's leader, Yost said, "I was (Delaware County) prosecutor for eight years, and among the people I prosecuted were people of my own party. Duty brooks no friendship."
Yost sidestepped a question about whether JobsOhio's refusal to cooperate arouses suspicion. "My job is to follow the dollars and facts and go where they lead, and that's what I'm going to do," they said.
"We all want job creation, but I have to do my job."
JobsOhio was created as a private nonprofit corporation to assume the economic-development and job-creation functions of the Ohio Department of Development - now the Development Services Agency - with the legislature originally earmarking $1 million for startup costs. Last week, a private audit revealed that JobsOhio also received an additional $5.3 million in state grants that had not been disclosed.
Yost said JobsOhio officials asserted "JobsOhio is a private corporation and the auditor of state doesn't belong in there."
"We simply have a disagreement about the law as well as a policy disagreement. If it turns out the law limits the ability of the auditor to examine the finances of that organization, then the law needs to be changed."
But until now, Yost said they had heard no challenges to their office's authority to audit JobsOhio. In a Jan. 26, 2011, letter to the chairperson of a House committee, Yost said their office has "clear and unambiguous" authority to examine the entity's books. Yost cited state law giving them the ability to "audit the accounts of private institutions, associations, boards, and corporations receiving public money for their use and may require of them annual reports in such form as the auditor of state prescribes."
"To put it simply," Yost said in the letter, "the auditor of state's authority follows public money wherever it flows - including to private entities."
Yost noted yesterday there were no objections. "When I issued that letter, it was read into the record, and not one person in the administration or in the House or Senate said, 'Wait a minute, we don't agree with that.' Not one person."
Several top GOP lawmakers expressed surprise over The Dispatch's revelation on Tuesday that JobsOhio got millions of public dollars without their knowledge or permission. Yesterday, Rep. John Patrick Carney called for a state audit.
"The secretive nature surrounding the use of these tax dollars is extremely alarming," Carney said. "I support the mission of JobsOhio, but they can't just haphazardly prop up operations with public funds."
A spokesperson for JobsOhio did not respond to Dispatch requests for comment.
Dispatch Reporter Joe Vardon contributed to this story.
jhallett@dispatch.com
Name of Samsung Smartphones Updating to Android N 7.0 Nougat .
Using a Samsung Smartphone ? And want to Which samsung Phone will be updated to Android N 7.0 Nougat ? if yes then you are at right place . Today we are here with the List and names of the samsung smartphones that will be updated to New android 7.0 Nougat .
Android N 7.0 Nougat is the latest android version from Google that comes with many new cool features and updates . Today we are here with the Names of the Samsung Android phone that are expected to get android Nougat update .
The List and names of the Samsung Android devices that will receive android n 7.0 Nougat update is not official and the update is expected on the Hardware capabilities .
So starting with with first samsung smartphone that will be upgraded to android N 7.0 :-
Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 Edge .
Being the Flagship smartphone and also the latest The galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge will surely get the android N 7.0 nougat update . So after the official launch you will be able to Update Samsung Galaxy s7 , S7 edge to android N 7.0 Nougat .{ Released } :- How to Update Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 Edge to Android 7.0 Nougat Officially .
Samsung Galaxy S6 / Galaxy S6 Edge .
The Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge are the second smartphones in the Android N 7.0 Nougat upgrading list .
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 :-
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 is the first smartphone in the galaxy note 5 series that is expected to get android N 7.0 Nougat update . So after the official launch you will be Able to Update Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to Android N 7.0 Nougat .
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 :-
Hulk's ready to smash again with this latest figure from Hot Toys' line of “Age of Ultron” figures.
Prepare to meet the big angry monster! In the upcoming highly-anticipated Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron, the Earth's mightiest heroes are assembling again to defend the world from the dangerous Ultron who is bent on eradicating humankind.
To gear fans ready for this epic blockbuster, Hot Toys is thrilled to officially present today, the 1/6th scale Hulk Deluxe Collectible Set!
Avengers: Age of Ultron. This deluxe set specially features the two newly developed angry and screaming Hulk head sculpts with rolling eyeballs, a specially painted muscular body and a finely sculpted interchangeable “Hulk smash” pose upper body.
The movie-accurate collectible figure is specially crafted based on the image of Hulk in Marvel's
MINNEAPOLIS, MN - DECEMBER 20: Stefon Diggs #14 of the Minnesota Vikings greets a teammate before the game against the Chicago Bears on December 20, 2015 at TCF Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Hannah Foslien/Getty Images)
Xavier Rhodes projected to be an NFL All-Pro in 2017 by Adam Patrick
The Minnesota Vikings only had one player appear on the Pro Football Focus preseason week 2 Team of the Week: Wide receiver Stefon Diggs.
During week 2 of the preseason, the Minnesota Vikings traveled to Seattle to take on the Seahawks. While much of the focus from that game was placed on former players or the team's loss, there was an excellent performance that deserves mentioning.
Wide receiver Stefon Diggs put together an excellent game. They may have failed to reach the end zone, but they caught 4 passes for 65 yards during the contest and showed why they are one of the most dangerous pass catchers in the NFL.
Pro Football Focus took notice of their efforts on the field, giving them a spot on their Preseason Week 2 – Team of the Week as shared on the their official website:
“Diggs' 5.91 yards per route run wasn't far behind (Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Dede) Westbrook, and they finished the week fourth in the category. They snatched 4-of-5 balls sent their way, totaling 65 receiving yards on just 11 snaps in route.”
Diggs was the 4th highest rated player on offense for the PFF Preseason Week 2 – Team of the Week, behind only Westbrook, Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Jojo Natson, and Cowboys offensive lineman Jonathan Cooper.
Sadly, no defenders from Minnesota made the list. Last week, there were two rookies from the team's defense included on the PFF team, but there are hopes at least some members of the Vikings defense will appear on next week's team.
Stefon Diggs is one of the Minnesota Vikings starting receivers and will likely see at least a quarter of action in the team's third preseason game against the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday, August 27, 2017
Margaret Pless (@Idlediletante) has posted a blog accusing Sargon of Akkad of “flabbergasting” copyright infringement. As the Witchfinder did their (4.5K word) GDL final coursework on internet copyright law (and passed), your author decided to analyse them claims. Them most recent article, “Specific Instances of Copyright Infringement by Sargon of Akkad – A Database Approach” is here.
[Disclaimer 22/08/2015] This article is meant as commentary on current events and should not be relied upon as legal advice.
Firstly, I do not want to be mean to Margaret Pless. I actually quite like them  They are a wildly overzealous leftist who often … goes a bit far – just like me at their age. However they are mistaken on their copyright law so I thought I would post this commentary on their recent article. I am secretly hoping that in the fullness of time move to the right. That process however, usually takes years.
In the meantime, I am going to analyse their most recent article –
“Sargon of Akkad is well known for their reliance on heavily sampling video from other sources to make theirs shows. The justification seems to be that because Sargon hasn't sought permission to use these videos, their work must qualify as fair use“
Sorry. Basic legal error. ‘Fair Use' does not exist in English law. Sargon lives in England. Both UK and US law give effect to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, signed in 1886. However, they are not identical.
Whilst the UK does have a similar doctrine it is called ‘Fair Dealing' and a little different because it pre-dates the UK equivalent of the 1st Amendment, Article 10 ECHR, which was incorporated into UK law in the Human Rights Act 1998 As it happens however, Sargon complies with ‘Fair Use' too.
Fair Dealing
Let us go quickly through the statutory criteria for ‘fair dealing' first, taken from the UK Copyright, Design and Patents Act 1988 (I am using the current text, the legislation.gov website is slightly behind recent amendments at the time of writing, as it says) –
“30 Criticism, review[, quotation] and news reporting (1) Fair dealing with a work for the purpose of criticism or review, of that or another work or of a performance of a work, does not infringe any copyright in the work provided that it is accompanied by a sufficient acknowledgement [(unless this would be impossible for reasons of practicality or otherwise)] [and provided that the work has been made available to the public]. […]”
So dealing with a work “does not infringe any copyright in the work provided” –
(a) it is for the purpose of criticism or review
These expressions are broadly construed by the UK Courts. In Pro Sieben Media A.G. v Carlton Television Ltd & Anor [1998] EWCA Civ 2001 the Court of Appeal approved a very broad approach. Lord Justice Robert Walker, said this –
“‘Criticism or review' and ‘reporting current events' are expressions of wide and indefinite scope […] They are expressions which should be interpreted liberally […]”
“[…] Criticism of a work need not be limited to criticism of style. It may also extend to the ideas to be found in a work and its social or moral implications. […]”
The other judges in the case, Lord Justice Nourse and Lord Justice Henry, concurred in that judgement.
(b) there is sufficient acknowledgement (unless this would be impossible for reasons of practicality or otherwise)
The meaning of ‘sufficient acknowledgement' is defined at s178 of the Copyright Designs and Patent Act as –
““sufficient acknowledgement” means an acknowledgement identifying the work in question by its title or other description, and identifying the author unless— (a) in the case of a published work, it is published anonymously; (b) in the case of an unpublished work, it is not possible for a person to ascertain the identity of the author by reasonable inquiry;”
However, this will be interpreted reasonably by the Courts. On YouTube, for example, the common practice is to link the original, which will generally include the title, description and pen name of the author.
One video cited by Pless is here. Sargon uses extracts from a video by ‘Bad Preachers' called, “Our Sign Says, “Male Leadership”. Pless states that it is not cited. This is incorrect. Sargon found the video on the Huffington Post, which clearly shows the title and author at 6 minutes 12 seconds. It says, “Bill Lytell: Our Sign Says, “Male Leadership””. It is unclear who took the video of Mr Lytell, whether ‘Bad Preachers' took the video or whether they obtained it elsewhere. Their video description does not say.
I made ‘reasonable inquiries' by way of several Google searches and could not find the copyright holder for the segment reproduced by the Preachers and so suggest it was ‘impossible for reasons of practicality or otherwise' for Sargon to do so per s30(1) of the Act.
It appears Sargon made good faith efforts to cite. There is clearly no mens rea for any criminal copyright infringement. Even if their citation were technically deficient it is also unclear what (if any) actionable loss the copyright holder would seek to remedy. Perhaps notional damages for breach of their moral right (s77 Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988)?
(c) the work has been made available to the public
Self explanatory – Sargon generally only deals with public videos and articles.
(d) the dealing must be ‘fair'
This is defined by case law. The criteria for ‘fairness' in this context were helpfully touched on by Mr Justice Mann in Fraser-Woodward Ltd v British Broadcasting Corporation Brighter Pictures Ltd [2005] EWHC 472 (Ch).
Pless says,
“An important consideration when evaluating a fair use defense is length of the video sampled. In 44 of the 95 videos studied (or 46% of the time), Sargon uploaded copyrighted video in its entirety”
Pless has a point – quantity is relevant. However the purpose of Copyright law is to allow the creator to profit from their work to allow the creative industries to be financially viable. The issue of quantity is allied to the key question of ‘competition'. Dealing is ‘unfair' if it competes with the work. Pless encapsulates the point thus –
“It's worth asking whether this sampling in toto would be considered fair use in any other medium. For example, if the New York Book Review published an entire novel with snarky marginalia written in red ink and called this a critique, would that constitute fair use of the author's work? And if not, where does Sargon's “criticism” stand?”
They have the essence of it. However, Sargon's frequent approach is basically to take source material, chop it into numerous sections and intersperse it with prolix commentary. In short they are using it for bona fide criticism. The central issue is that I generally do not think they are competing.
I simply do not see hordes of Guardian readers forsaking their left wing sanctuaries to get free videos on Sargon's channels whilst forwarding past their protracted commentary sections.
Even if there were a marginal few who were in fact taffing free left wing videos, commercial use for criticism allows some actual damage. Mr Justice Mann said this –
“64. How, then, does that affect the assessment as to the fairness of the dealing? Risk to the commercial value of the copyright may go towards demonstrating or creating unfairness, but it does not follow that any damage or any risk makes any use of the material unfair. If it did then there could be no use of copyright material in criticism or review if it could be said that that use might damage the value of the material to the copyright owner. […]”
Fair Use
The US doctrine of ‘Fair Use' began in case law, but was codified in the Copyright Act of 1976. The ‘Fair Use' section is at 17 U.S. Code § 107 and states –
“Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include— (1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for non-profit educational purposes; (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; (3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and (4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work. The fact that a work is unpublished shall not itself bar a finding of fair use if such finding is made upon consideration of all the above factors.”
Again, reproduction for “[…] criticism, comment […]” is allowed. Fairness is to be determined by the Court and takes into account “the potential market for” the copyright work. The “heart” of the doctrine has been said to be whether the allegedly ‘fair' use is ‘transformative' to a new work or a taffing of the old. (I am obviously paraphrasing – the Supreme Court never said, “taffing”).
In Folsom v. Marsh, 9. F.Cas. 342 (C.C.D. Mass. 1841), regarded by some as the first United States Case on Fair Use, Justice Story ruled,
“[…] Thus, for example, no one can doubt that a reviewer may fairly cite largely from the original work, if their design be really and truly to use the passages for the purposes of fair and reasonable criticism. On the other hand, it is as clear, that if they thus cites the most important parts of the work, with a view, not to criticise, but to supersede the use of the original work, and substitute the review for it, such a use will be deemed in law a piracy […]”
In passing I also note that the US statute does not actually require acknowledgement.
Conclusion
In my opinion, Sargon's work is both Fair Use and Fair Dealing.  They are not aiming to usurp the market for their subjects but to engage in genuine comment illustrated by the lengthy extracts. For the same reasons I consider Pless to be mistaken.
Moist fluffy cheddar chive biscuits with a soft boiled egg inside. My secret to getting an egg with a liquid yolk inside a biscuit.
Today I'm going to share with you, one of the best things I've put into my mouth this year. It may not be much to look at from the outside, but crack these babies open and the fluffy cheddar and chive biscuit parts to reveal a soft boiled egg with a molten gold core. It may look like some kind of sorcery, but I assure you, there were no spells involved in the making of these magical biscuits.
I wish I could lay claim to this brilliant idea, but I first saw something like this at Craftsman and Wolves in San Francisco, and I believe the idea comes from Texas baked eggs, where muffin tins are lined with biscuit dough and filled with a raw egg before being baked.
The trouble with baking the eggs without being covered is that the top inevitably gets a little rubbery by the time the biscuit dough cooks through. By enclosing the whole egg in dough, it protects the egg, keeping it from drying out. Of course if you've ever worked with biscuit dough you know it's less a dough and more a batter in consistency making it virtually impossible to get a raw egg inside.
The trick is to soft boil the egg and then chill it before baking the biscuit quickly at a high temperature. The little air-pockets insulate the egg, preventing it from overcooking, giving you a moist fluffy biscuit with a luxuriously soft egg in the center.
While wrangling a soft-boiled egg is easier than trying to wrap a raw egg, it still takes a bit of finesse to get right. With a little practice and a lot of flour (on your hands), it's possible for mere mortals to get the egg inside of the cheddary biscuit.
The real challenge here is to boil the eggs as little as possible while still being able to peel them. If the white starts falling apart while peeling the egg, it will be almost impossible to form the biscuit dough around the eggs, so if you're not confident in your egg peeling skills, give my post on perfect boiled eggs a read and make a few extras. I've found that 4 minute eggs are pretty tough to work with, so I usually let them go for 5 minutes.
Also, keep in mind that once you mix the yogurt and dry ingredients, the baking soda will activate, leavening the biscuit with CO2, but like a baking soda volcano, its powers are finite, which is why it's important to work quickly once you've mixed the yogurt in.
Lastly, using a good quality egg with a golden yolk is obvious, but most of the flavor in this biscuit comes from the cheddar, so be sure to find the best aged clothbound cheddar you can find.
Other Perfect Eggs
Egg in a Biscuit American
Best
Bread
Brunch 0 from 0 votes Yield: 4 servings Prep Time: 5 minutes Cook Time: 12 minutes Total Time: 17 minutes Print Nutrition Ingredients 130 grams all-purpose flour (~1 cup)
15 grams sugar (1 tablespoon)
7.5 grams baking powder ( 1 1/2 teaspoons)
3 grams baking soda (1/2 teaspoon)
3 grams salt (1/2 teaspoon)
28.5 grams cultured unsalted butter (2 tablespoons) chilled & cut into cubes 1/4-inch cubes
30 grams white cheddar cut into cubes 1/4 - inch cubes
2 tablespoons chives chopped
2/3 cup plain yogurt
4 soft boiled eggs Steps Adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a food processor, pulse the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt to combine. Distribute the butter evenly over the flour and pulse 1 full second at a time until the mixture resembles gravel. Add the cheese and pulse a few more times to break up the cheese, but be sure to leave some small chunks. Transfer this mixture to a bowl and stir in the chives. Shake (or whisk) the yogurt until it's thin enough to pour. Add the yogurt to the the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. It's okay if it's not 100% incorporated but be careful not to overmix. Working quickly, put 4 small circles of batter down on the parchment paper and top each one with an egg standing upright. Cover each egg with the remaining batter and place the pan into the pre-heated oven. Bake for 4-5 minutes and then turn down the heat to 400 degrees F (200 C) and bake until the biscuits are golden brown (about another 7-10 minutes). Serve hot, or transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Nutrition Facts Egg in a Biscuit Amount Per Serving Calories 304 Calories from Fat 126 % Daily Value* Total Fat 14g 22% Saturated Fat 7g 35% Cholesterol 192mg 64% Sodium 626mg 26% Potassium 348mg 10% Total Carbohydrates 31g 10% Sugars 5g Protein 12g 24% vitamin A 11.9% vitamin C 1.1% Calcium 21.4% Iron 13.8% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Editor's note: Frank Palermo is the senior vice president of the Global Technical Solutions Group at Virtusa.
Some ideas are ahead of their time.
There is no question that the wearables market is taking off with the proliferation of health monitors, pedometers and activity trackers like Fitbit, Jawbone, Nike Fuelband, etc. And next year the Apple Watch will likely make the wearable watch the next big thing. Gartner boldly predicted that companies using Glass and similar wearable gadgets could save up to $1 billion a year within the next three to five years.
However, the consumer electronics space can be a funny thing. Consumers tend to buy in herds. They will buy the next best gadget, only when they actually see others with the gadget. One of the problems with products like Google Glass is that it was released in limited fashion as part of the “Explorers” beta program, (meaning you needed a private invite), which limited distribution. With a price tag of $1,500 very few consumers could afford to try out Google Glass. It takes a much lower price tag to drive consumer interest.
Then you have the whole social acceptance problem. For most people, the use of Glass falls under the creepy umbrella. People get spooked when they don't know exactly what a device is capturing or monitoring. The potential to do real-time facial recognition video at the blink of an eye can scare even the most tech-savvy users. Everyone has certain boundaries around privacy intrusions.
It's not hard to conceive how a wearable personal assistant like Google Glass could absolutely disrupt the medical, security, sports and many other industries. For instance, CrowdOptic, which created technology to support the live streaming of information through wearables, has put Glass to work in several industries, such as Healthcare, and now have over 19 hospitals using the platform to improve teaching, collaboration and emergency response. They expect that number to grow to well over a hundred by next year.
Companies like Apx Labs, which created Skylight, an enterprise software platform for Glass, and Augmate, are targeting workforce apps that provide meaningful benefits for the desk-less workers. According to Google, 80 percent of the global workforce does physical or desk-less work every day. The workplace may turn out to be the big opportunity for Glass in the future.
Over 60 highly publicized brands have explored using Glass. Virgin Atlantic ran a six-week trial, where agents at London's Heathrow Airport, used the technology to welcome customers and check them in for their flights. Sherwin-Williams tried boosting its paint sales, by creating an app called ColorSnap that allows a user to take a photo, while the app analyzes the primary colors and provides matching colors from the Sherwin-Williams lineup.
Real-estate site Trulia created a demo called TruliaForGlass that allows users to review listings that match their criteria directly from the Glass app. And the Sacramento Kings were the first NBA team to offer fans an in-game Glass experience, where players wore Glass during their pre-game warm-ups and would do live streams to video screens inside the arena.
The development community has created over 100 apps for Glass ranging from highly innovative to somewhat frivolous. For those looking for some amusement, there's even a Battleship game for Glass called GlassBattle.
For certain professions or industries Glass could be downright disruptive. And at this point, the average consumer really doesn't have a clue as to how exactly to use the device.
In technology, timing is everything. Most major technology disrupters go through similar cycles of evolution. The first generation of the devices tend to be for hobbyists or toys for the well off, and don't typically provide much real value; they introduce a new paradigm. The more disruptive it is, the longer it tends to take to get accepted.
Over time however, devices get better and technology matures, which in turn drives more widespread adoption. Remember the first cellular phone — or should I say brick? Most people laughed at the idea of carrying this obtrusive device around with them all the time. It's hard to imagine how these devices evolved to be the smartphones of today that we can barely spare a second without.
So, wearable technologies like Google Glass are in a similar class as virtual-reality applications like Oculus Rift. They are like the cell phones of the '80s — waiting to be refined, waiting for technology to be more streamlined, and waiting for more fashionable form factors. They also require more thought around security. It will take some time for these to develop, but when they do, they could become the next big thing.
In the near term, the real opportunity for Glass may be in the workplace. With a little more refinement and some more consideration around privacy concerns, the device may be ready to go.
If Google wants Glass to take off in the consumer market, it might be best served selling it to Apple, which has consistently proven its ability to shape technology for mass consumer adoption.
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage visited Donald Trump at their home on Saturday, after suggesting they could act as a go-between to help smooth British relations with the U.S. president-elect.
Nigel Farage, leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP), arrives at Republican president-elect Donald Trump's Trump Tower in New York, U.S. November 12, 2016. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
British Prime Minister Theresa May is not expected to meet the incoming leader until early next year and Farage has suggested their criticisms of Trump in the early days of the campaign could damage ties with Washington.
“We're just tourists!” Farage, head of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), told reporters as they waited for an elevator to take them up to the meeting at Trump Tower in New York City.
They later tweeted a photograph of themselves with Trump standing in front of a pair of golden doors and smiling broadly, the president-elect giving the camera a thumbs-up.
“It was a great honor to spend time with @realDonaldTrump,” Farage tweeted. “He was relaxed and full of good ideas. I'm confident they will be a good President.”
Trump's election campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said: “I think they enjoy each other's company, and they actually had a chance to talk about freedom and winning and what this all means for the world.”
In a separate photograph posted on Twitter, UKIP donor Arron Banks, Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam, and Gerry Gunster, an American whose advocacy firm worked on the Brexit campaign, were also pictured with Trump and Farage.
May - who spoke to Trump by phone on Thursday - and their predecessor David Cameron last year described Trump as “divisive” and “wrong” over their call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. At that time they were not considered likely to win the presidency.
In a leaked diplomatic telegram, sent on Nov. 9 and printed in the Sunday Times newspaper, Britain's ambassador to Washington, Kim Darroch, said they believed Britain had built better relationships with Trump's team than other foreign diplomats.
“(Trump) is above all an outsider and an unknown quantity, whose campaign pronouncements may reveal their instincts, but will surely evolve and, particularly, be open to outside influence if pitched right,” they said. “We should be well placed to do this.”
“GROW UP”
While the British government has congratulated Trump on their election, the head of the opposition, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, said they should “grow up” on the immigration issue and recognize that the U.S. economy depends on migrant workers.
“The treatment of Mexico by the United States, just as much as its absurd and abusive language towards Muslims, is something that has to be challenged and should be challenged,” Corbyn, whose wife is Mexican, told the BBC on Sunday.
UKIP, which has only one member of parliament in London, said Farage and Trump spent more than an hour discussing Trump's victory, global politics and Brexit.
A UKIP official has suggested Farage could even be the next ambassador to the United States, but British media reported that May's office rejected the idea of any role for Farage, citing unnamed sources who described them as an “irrelevance”.
A day after Trump's election victory, Farage called on the real estate mogul to reverse “loathsome” Barack Obama's policy by making Britain their top priority.
Farage said they had been pleased at Trump's “very positive reaction” to the idea that a bust of former British prime minister Winston Churchill be put back in the Oval Office.
They have also joked about sexual assault allegations against Trump, urging them to “schmooze” May but not touch them They proposed that in any meetings between the British and American leaders, they could attend to be the “responsible adult to make sure everything is OK.”
Slideshow (3 Images)
Farage, who spoke at a Trump rally during the election campaign, had predicted the former reality TV host would tap into the same dissatisfaction among voters that led to Britain deciding on June 23 to leave the European Union.
Trump made repeated references to Brexit during their campaign, saying it had highlighted the desire for change among voters frustrated with traditional politics.
(Story refiles to add dropped word “the” in first paragraph.)
In the Matthew Mandarano piece, ca. 2009, cited in the foregoing, Mondarano states: "Barry was put under contract to Chaplin Studios on June 23, 1941, for the sum of $75 a week, renewable for an extension within six months at $100 a week. Chaplin and their long-time studio manager, Alf Reeves, both insisted that Barry not make it public that they were under contract to Chaplin Studios. / Barry and Chaplin consummated their relationship sometime after them signing the contract and their relationship, though not a public one, was blossoming. Chaplin helped Barry get an apartment, as they were staying at the Ambassador Hotel at the time, and they paid the first two months rent. / Though Chaplin and Barry's relationship grew during the summer of 1941, Chaplin relayed in their My Autobiography that, “…something [was] queer and not quite normal [about their and Barry's time together.] Without telephoning they would suddenly show up late at night at my house. This was somewhat disturbing. Then for a week I would not hear from her…however, when they did show up they were disarmingly pleasant, so my doubts and apprehension were allayed” ([p.] 414). / Barry was indeed a complicated personality. By this time, not only had they gone under nearly a half dozen aliases, but in the FBI records on Chaplin, which number almost 2,000 typed pages, mostly declassified to the public in the early 1980s, Barry was described in many accounts as aloof and somewhat strange acting. Chaplin's studio manager, Alf Reeves, expressed that they noticed Barry was “erratic, emotional, hard to talk to, and could easily effect a vacant stare in their eyes” (Chaplin FBI File 1237). The stenographer for the FBI relates several times of the unbalance in Barry's behavior, once stating, “It is to be noted that they [Barry] is a girl who becomes very emotional upon occasion” (Chaplin FBI File 1442). / It seems at times, however, that Barry could also be quite pleasant, as they were generally liked by Chaplin's butler, Edward Chaney, and well regarded by Stephen Seck, Barry's son from a subsequent marriage, who remembers their mother as “very gifted, a talented singer who worked hard to support us (he and their brother, Russell, and half-sister, Carol Ann). We were never neglected in any way” (Seck Interview). / During the fall of 1941, Barry was planning a trip home to New York and came under suspicion that they might be pregnant. Yet, they were perplexed by this in that Chaplin had told them that they were unable to have children, though they had two adolescent sons from their marriage to their second wife Lita Grey Chaplin (1908-1995), Charlie Jr. (1925-1968) and Sydney (1926-2009). When Barry told Chaplin of the pregnancy, they told them they would pay for them to have an operation in New York, though Barry later ending up having the abortion under the supervision of a Los Angeles doctor, a Dr. A. M. Tweedie. / After the first abortion, Barry was fitted with a diaphragm. Chaplin, however, did not want to use it during intercourse. By December, 1941, Barry felt they might be pregnant again. Chaplin, who took the news as a joke, insisted they get another abortion. Barry reluctantly agreed and had a second abortion under the supervision of Dr. Tweedie. Upon completion, they spent four to five days recuperating at Chaplin's home on Summit Drive in Beverly Hills. This second abortion took a much higher toll on Barry's health and longer for them to recover, though they did mention to the FBI that Chaplin was quite good to them and did what they could to help during their stay at their home. / On the business end, Chaplin had not done a film project at this point since The Great Dictator (1940), and was working primarily on a soundtrack for The Gold Rush (1925). The idea for their next film came during a luncheon with Sir Cedric Hardwicke and author Sinclair Lewis, who, during conversation mentioned the play Shadow and Substance by Paul Vincent Carroll. Lewis referred to the character of Bridget, the lead role in the play, as a modern day Joan of Arc. Chaplin was intrigued and requested a copy of the play to read. / In talking about the play over dinner one night, Barry mentioned they would like to play the role of Bridget. Chaplin didn't take them very seriously at first, but after they performed an excellent private reading, they gave them a screen test. Them screen test took place on Jan. 26, 1942, and it was deemed that they were photogenic and could work for the part. In their autobiography, Chaplin states that at this time “…all my qualms about their oddities vanished” ([p.] 414). / Over the next few months, Barry was in strong preparation for their starring role in Shadow and Substance, for which Chaplin had by now purchased the film rights. Chaplin Studios paid for Barry to get dental and orthodontic work done, were paying for them to attend the Max Reinhardt Workshop for acting and Barry was bought a fur coat for $1,200 at the May Company as a special gift. / In a passage from David Robinson's definitive biography on Chaplin, Chaplin: Their Life and Art, “There is no question about Chaplin's sincerity in believing that they could make Joan Barry into an actor….he [Chaplin] said they had ‘all the qualities of a new Maude Adams' and told their sons, ‘She has a quality, an ethereal something that's truly marvelous…a talent as great as any I've seen in my whole life” ([p.] 512).
Clear your festive diary: here's a Christmas party with a crypto twist, hosted by BABB to launch the private pre-sale of our token, BAX.
We're gathering around the fire to toast marshmallows and tell stories. One story in particular: the origins of BABB and our journey so far...from one man with big dreams and no bank account, to a fast-growing startup poised to raise millions via a token sale.
***THERE WILL BE AN EXCLUSIVE 30% BAX DISCOUNT FOR THOSE WHO REGISTER THIS EVENING***
If you would like to take advantage of the discount, please bring your ID and ETH address with you.
Rough plan for the evening
6.00-7.00pm Drinks and networking
7.00-7.15pm Competition kick-off
7.15-7.45pm Intro to BABB project
7.45-8.00pm Panel Q&A
8.00-8.45pm Further discussion and networking with live DJ and festive refreshments
8.45-9.00pm Competition winner announced
Interested? Here's what went down at our last event.
We do hope you'll be able to join us for a very merry BAXmas.
More about BABB...
BABB is the World Bank for the microeconomy; a decentralised banking platform that leverages blockchain, AI, and biometrics technologies to offer anyone in the world access to a UK bank account for peer-to-peer financial services.
There are 2 billion people in the world without a bank account, and it's not viable for the traditional banking system to serve them. BABB is a new approach using new technology to crowdsource financial services and completely remove the need for banks as we know them.
Tonight a Sioux Falls car dealership is hoping security camera video will lead them to the suspects who vandalized 20 cars on their lot last night, leaving behind a $25,000 trail of damage.
The security camera video shows off clearly what happened: two people making their way through the Schulte Subaru lot near 18th and Minnesota:
One of them leaping from car roof to car roof. That same person also shown later to body slam themselves on another car. All the while, it appears the duo was taking either pictures of video the entire time.
"It's one of those things that's prettty mindless. You know vandalism obviously is very frustrating." Dealership co-owner Mike Schulte says the vandals ended up dinging, denting and damaging about 20 cars on this one spree.
And the work to fix these cars can't begin until police complete their initial investigation. "It's time consuming to get 20 of them done."
The dealership's lot is well lit; you can see that from the video.
In fact, it was a passerby who saw this happenening about 8:30 last night that called police and let them know what was happening.
"We're trying to get across...you know..don't take your frustrations or anger out on other people's property." Schulte thinks because the vandals were taking pictures that something might show up on social media.
He's hoping so. He's offering an incentive to help the search for the suspects. "We're hoping that somebody sees it someplace and we are offering a $1,000 reward for the first good tip that leads to finding the individual or individuals that did the damage."
Schulte says the security camera video they have has been shared with Sioux Falls Police. They're also hoping school resource officers see the video as the suspects look to be of high school age.
LOS ANGELES -- The Dodgers on Friday acquired more veteran pitching depth, though this time at the minor league level. The club has acquired right-hander Justin Germano from the Rangers for future considerations, Texas announced on Friday.
Germano, 32, was 4-13 with a 4.51 ERA in 21 starts with Triple-A Round Rock this season, with 82 strikeouts and 22 walks in 131⅔ innings. They last pitched on Sunday, allowing five runs in six innings in Nashville.
They made a brief stop with the Rangers in May but got battered in two relief appearances to the tune of seven runs and eight hits in 5⅓ innings, with three walks and three strikeouts. Germano was designated for assignment by Texas on May 14, then cleared waivers and was outrighted back to Triple-A.  They are not on the 40-man roster.
Germano, who was born in Pasadena and went to Claremont High School, was assigned to Triple-A Albuquerque.
In parts of nine major league seasons Germano is 10-30 with a 5.40 ERA in 330 innings, including 48 starts and 48 relief appearances. They have played for seven different teams: the Padres, Reds, Indians, Cubs, Red Sox, Blue Jays and Rangers.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- New York Giants running back Rashad Jennings is returning to practice Wednesday and is expected to play Sunday against the San Francisco 49ers.
"Hopefully, without a setback, he'll be ready to go," Giants coach Tom Coughlin said Wednesday morning. "He'll give us a tremendous lift."
The Giants have lost all four games that they've played without Rashad Jennings, who is expected to return Sunday against the 49ers. Jeff Skopin/ESPN
Jennings has missed four games due to a sprained knee they suffered in a Week 5 victory over the Atlanta Falcons. The Giants have lost all four of the games he's missed. They were averaging 121 rushing yards per game with Jennings as their starter but are averaging only 83 rushing yards per game in the four games they've played without him.
Jennings likely will slide right back into their starting role, pushing rookie Andre Williams back into the No. 2 spot.
It's also possible the Giants could get guard Geoff Schwartz back from injury this week, which could also help their sagging run game.
Schwartz has yet to play for the Giants, as they signed in the offseason but went on injured reserve/designated for return just before the season. Coughlin said Schwartz would get a lot more work in practice this week, and that the team would decide based on that whether they will play Sunday.
New York has until Monday to either activate Schwartz or put them on season-ending IR. Based on their progress so far, Schwartz should play in Week 12 even if they don't play this weekend.
Running back Peyton Hillis and linebacker Jacquian Williams both were sent home from the Giants' facility Wednesday due to concussion symptoms. The Giants aren't expecting to have either player Sunday at this point. Spencer Paysinger likely would start at weakside linebacker if Williams can't go.
The Giants signed running back Orleans Darkwa from the Miami Dolphins' practice squad and placed running back Michael Cox on season-ending injured reserve with a broken leg.
A handful of robberies of marijuana dispensaries in Toronto and other Canadian cities over the past several months has left some employees and owners concerned about their safety, and not always comfortable going to the police. Police, on the other hand, say that protecting the public requires cooperation from owners, who need to not put their employees in harm's way.
A lack of proper security protocol, as well as a fear of going to the police, have left the issue ripe for some criminals. While grow-rips and robberies are not uncommon in the black market, as cannabis stores become more common and more public in their approach, the issue itself becomes more public.
Most recently, on January 14, police responded to a call at The Green Leaf marijuana dispensary at 2145 Danforth Ave. According to the police report, three masked men entered the premises, one armed, and took control of three store employees, ordering them onto the ground.
During the course of the robbery the gun was fired and one employee was reportedly pistol whipped. The three men escape with cash.
On Dec. 21, masked robbers reportedly entered Canna Clinic on Ossington Ave. and took all the cash and marijuana on the premises. According to one customer, some eight employees and 20 customers were ordered on the ground by masked robbers.
In August, two men were charged after a dispensary in Toronto was robbed with a start pistol that police say resembled a 38 revolver. Cash and marijuana were taken from the premises.
Last October in Ottawa, a dispensary was allegedly crashed into by a vehicle, although no cash or marijuana was stolen.
In the same month in Vancouver, armed robbers were caught on video holding up a Stressed and Depressed dispensary. One man was later arrested in relation to the robbery; full video of the incident can be found here. In May 2015, someone broke into the same store store by smashing a van through its front window.
In Surrey, BC, employees who reported a robbery were arrested by the police last September.
An employee at the WeeMedical store, Nicholas Thompson, told CBC at the time that at first the police were interested in the robbery, but then called them back and arrested him, as well.
“I got a call that the store was robbed and I raced down. Everything was fine. We called the police. They showed up. They were interested in everything."
"The police called me back to give a statement. As soon as I pulled up, they said I was under arrest for trafficking marijuana through the dispensary," Thompson said.
After the Dec 21 robbery at the Toronto Canna Clinic, Lawyer Paul Lewin told the Star that they felt the ongoing raids of illegal dispensaries create a situation where owners and employees don't want to report crimes for fear of also being charged by police.
“It's kind of like we're saying you don't deserve the protection of society because you're involved with a dispensary. That's the effect of it,” Lewin said.
“It's important that every dispensary is operating at the same level (of security) and it's publicly known, because it's supposed to operate as a dissuasion tactic more than anything, and if the public does not know that there's a common set of security standards, then of course the dissuasion doesn't work. It's all about a common core of security standards that are very publicly known, that protect staff, patients and the public at large" - Dieter MacPherson, advisor on Vancouver and Victoria BC's dispensary regulations
Toronto Police have been targeting dispensaries since May of last year as part of their Project Claudia.
Toronto Police, however, say the issue is clear-cut: dispensaries are not legal, owners of dispensaries are putting their employees at risk by running these illegal business in the first place, and anyone who doesn't report a crime to police is further endangering the public.
“I don't accept this fear of arrest for trafficking,” says Mark Pugash, Director, Unit Commander, Corporate Communications, Toronto Police Services. “I think that's an excuse, not a reason. These locations are quite overt, no effort is made to hide them… I simply don't buy that.”
“There was a lawyer in Toronto suggesting that by enforcing the law we were actually endangering people, and I think that's a perverse argument.”
“Dispensaries are illegal. They will go to great lengths to try to convince people there's a grey area in the law. There is no grey area, whatsoever. They are illegal.”
“Anyone who doesn't report a crime, in particular the sort of ones we've seen, and let's not put too fine a point on it, if they don't come forward, they're enabling these people to further crimes. I think society generally has a fairly obvious interest in law enforcement catching and putting people before the courts people who are apparently using guns to pistol whip people and to rob them.”
As for what steps employees can take, Pugash says, again, the responsibility lies with the owners.
“I don't think this is an issue of what steps employees or customers should take, I think this is an issue for the owners. The owners, by the way, are very rarely are around when warrants are executed, so the people who get arrested and charged are the employees who work there. The owners tend to be at a safe distance.”
Ehrin Richardson, the Vice President of the Canadian Association of Medical Cannabis Dispensaries (CAMCD) and the VP of the Sunrise Wellness Foundation, a Vancouver based, nonprofit dispensary, agrees that owners and operators have a duty to protect staff and customers.
“I think first and foremost,” says Richardson, “is that the dispensary operators need to take responsibility in informing all staff of the potential of armed robbery, violence in the workplace, that sort of thing. But more importantly, how to deal with a situation whereby you have armed assailants who are demanding money or product or whatever the case may be.”
“I think that's first and foremost, because a lot of times dispensaries have staff who are just completely unaware of the potential threat. I think that's the first step, training and informing staff.”
“The second step,” they continue, “is to engage a risk mitigation firm to help them to secure their premises and to ensure that they are not the most attractive target for a robbery.”
In British Columbia, Victoria and Vancouver, who have both passed regulations to manage dispensaries, have dictated certain security requirements, including a security plan, alarm system, video surveillance with 21 day video retention, the removal of cash and valuables off premises when the store is closed, and a requirement of at least two staff members on duty at all times.
Both these cities' regulations were formed with input from numerous stakeholders, including CAMCD.
“If you're the owner/operator of a dispensary in Canada,” says Richardson, “you need to take responsibility for everything that's going on at your store. If you're getting robbed or you're getting raided, it shouldn't be the staff who are the ones being charged. You should be the one on the scene, dealing with and managing the aftermath of a robbery and assisting employees who may be traumatized from the experience.
“The other side is that the onus is on the owner to engage with the police and to be proactive with security measures. Unfortunately it seems like the police have taken a certain stance there in Toronto, but I would encourage dispensary owners to continue to engage with law enforcement and to continue to engage with the city of Toronto to let them know you're trying your best to operate in a responsible manner.”
David Hyde, a security and risk management specialist who has worked with numerous licensed producers in Canada and abroad to establish security systems that adhere to the various jurisdictions' standards, says there are steps business owners could be taking to protect their business, employees and customers.
“Most storefront dispensaries are viewed as attractive targets for crime due to what they contain (large volume of untraceable cannabis in various forms, large amounts of cash), their status under the law (they exist precariously in a legal sense which means that crime is often not reported to police) and the overall poor level of protection across the dispensary landscape.”
Hyde points out many US states and even Canadian cities like Victoria and Vancouver have mandated security requirements for dispensaries, often including things like an alarm system, panic buttons, commercial grade locks on doors, extensive 24-hour video surveillance, restricted access points, more effective vaults for cash and cannabis, security staff, and external lighting.
Dieter MacPherson, the director at CAMCD and an advisor on both Vancouver and Victoria's regulations, says the rules surrounding security protocol exist to protect the business and general public, and to communicate to potential criminals that dispensaries are not easy targets.
“It's important that every dispensary is operating at the same level (of security) and it's publicly known,” says MacPherson, “because it's supposed to operate as a dissuasion tactic more than anything, and if the public does not know that there's a common set of security standards, then of course the dissuasion doesn't work. It's all about a common core of security standards that are very publicly known, that protect staff, patients, and the public at large"
Featured image via Jacquie Miller
Light exposure can disrupt circadian rhythms and the secretion of melatonin, a hormone that helps us sleep. (Hero Images/Getty Images)
For some time now, exposure to light at night and shift work that requires working at night have been linked to increased risk of developing chronic diseases such as heart disease, diabetes and some cancers. A 2010 article in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives noted that “several studies over the last decade have suggested that the modern practice of keeping our bodies exposed to artificial light at night, or LAN, increases cancer risk, especially for cancers (such as breast and prostate cancers) that require hormones to grow.”
See, humans evolved long before the advent of electricity and artificial light. Our ancient ancestors would rise with the sun and head to bed when it got too dark to see, and that pattern has been ingrained into our genes over millennia. But in the past 100 years or so – a split second in evolutionary terms – there's been a rapid proliferation of nighttime light sources and a shift in how humans conduct themselves, now that we have the power to light up the night and stay awake later. But that human-made ability may be at odds with our ancient physiology because of how light exposure can disrupt circadian rhythms and the secretion of melatonin, a hormone that helps us sleep. It's now believed that too much light exposure and the disruption it causes to various aspects of our physiology could actually be making us sick.
Recent research has furthered this discussion in terms of breast cancer risk. In an August study in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, researchers at Harvard University found an association between LAN and breast cancer risk. Using data gathered as part of the Nurses' Health Study II – a massive cohort of more than 116,000 registered nurses across 14 states who were between the ages of 25 and 42 in 1989 – lead author Peter James, assistant professor in the department of population medicine at the Harvard Medical School, and their team analyzed the correlation between higher levels of nighttime light exposure and breast cancer incidence.
LAN measurements were based on “satellite images that are averaged over years, so they're stable outdoor lights that are visible at night. That could be traffic or streetlights or lights from buildings or houses,” James says. This study did not look at indoor light sources, such as fluorescent lighting, television or computer screens or cell phones, which emit a blue light that has also been linked with sleep disturbance, disruption of circadian patterns and potentially with chronic diseases such as cancer and diabetes. James says these indoor light sources could contribute to outdoor light at night, “but probably are not a major source because you couldn't view them from space.”
Once the team had these images of bright nighttime areas, they mapped them over the locations where women who'd had breast cancer lived to determine incidence rate in the context of LAN exposure. They noted higher rates of breast cancer in areas with higher levels of LAN.
Women who had the highest levels of LAN exposure had an estimated 14 percent higher risk of developing breast cancer compared to women with the lowest exposure to LAN. James says they aren't certain why this link exists, but have theorized that “light at night disrupts circadian patterns by decreasing your nocturnal secretion of melatonin,” the sleep-inducing hormone. There also appeared to be a dose-response link, meaning that the more LAN a woman was exposed to, the higher their chances were of developing breast cancer.
These findings were noted in premenopausal women only, James says, which could be because “the cohort is primarily premenopausal women, just based on the age of the participants.” They say the team may not have had enough data from post-menopausal women to make a clear association between LAN exposure and breast cancer risk among post-menopausal women.
In addition, the observed increase in breast cancer risk seemed to be confined to estrogen-receptive-positive breast cancers, meaning cancers that use the hormone estrogen to grow. This is significant because “melatonin can potentially influence your estrogen regulation. And that's the theorized pathway towards breast cancer risk,” James says. If your melatonin levels are out of whack, that could impact your estrogen levels, which in turn could lead to the development of breast cancer.
The team also looked separately at participants' smoking history and exposure to LAN and observed that past and current smokers with higher exposures to light at night also had a higher incidence of breast cancer. James says they “don't necessarily have an explanation for the mechanism through which there's an interaction between smoking and light at night, because that was an unexpected finding,” but that “smoking has also been shown to decrease secretion of melatonin within this cohort.” The idea is that somehow, this is a “dual hit” where one melatonin-reducing factor compounds the other, resulting in an even greater elevated risk of breast cancer than either risk factor alone.
Although the team also looked for a clear correlation between shift work and higher incidence of breast cancer, James says they did not find a “statistically significant” increase among participants who work nights, even though by definition, their occupations would expose them to more light at night. But, even though the increase did not meet the criteria to be statistically significant in this particular study, James says they “did see that the association looked slightly stronger amongst participants who worked night shifts.”
Other studies have linked shift work with higher incidence of cancer, particularly breast and prostate cancer, both of which are often hormonally driven. James says this increase could come from a disruption of circadian patterns and melatonin secretion, but also possibly from a change in behavior patterns. Ever pull an all-nighter and wonder why you felt hungry all night? Blame your disrupted circadian rhythm.
James says the connection between shift work and increased risk of cancer is probably another example of a “dual hit. You're getting your circadian patterns disrupted by working night shifts and you're also living in an area with higher levels of light at night. It might be something where the combination of the two is sufficient to really disrupt your circadian patterns and lead to breast cancer risk.” They say this is an emerging field of research and one that requires a lot more work before we'll fully understand what's going on. But these findings are intriguing and suggest that circadian patterns may have a bigger impact on health outcomes than we realize.
Turn Out the Lights?!
For practical purposes, there's no reason to panic just yet. “I would not elevate [LAN risk] to the level of other known risk factors for breast cancer,” James says. “Before I would suggest people move to the country to avoid light at night, I would probably first think about getting adequate levels of physical activity or perhaps eating a healthy diet that might be protective against breast cancer.”
In addition to eating right and getting plenty of exercise, do try to get adequate rest. Most adults need between seven and nine hours of sleep per night, and if you live in a bright urban setting, you may need to take a few extra steps to help make your bedroom a little more conducive to getting a good night's sleep. Breastcancer.org recommends installing blackout shades on bedroom windows to block any light from coming through. Wearing an eye shade may also help. If you wake up in the middle of the night, avoid turning on the light. If you do turn on the light, use low-wattage or red bulbs to limit the amount of wakefulness-inducing blue light you're exposed to when you should be sleeping. And lastly, resist the urge to check your phone or turn on your computer, as they emit blue light that can cause you to feel more awake.
Best Hospitals for Cancer
Hospital Ranking information as of November 1st, 2017
The end of the Supreme Court term looms, and with it the prospect — the terrifying prospect — of a retirement. Specifically, the retirement of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, who will turn 81 next month and is the longest-serving current justice, named to the high court almost 30 years ago.
So if Kennedy is inclined to retire, it is hard to begrudge them that choice. But their departure would be terrible for the court and terrible for the country. It could not come at a worse time. Any court vacancy these days, under a president of either party, triggers a battle between liberal and conservative forces. Kennedy's retirement would unleash nomination Armageddon, given the feral political environment and the So if Kennedy is inclined to retire, it is hard to begrudge them that choice. But their departure would be terrible for the court and terrible for the country. It could not come at a worse time. Any court vacancy these days, under a president of either party, triggers a battle between liberal and conservative forces. Kennedy's retirement would unleash nomination Armageddon, given the feral political environment and the pivotal role they play on the closely divided court.
To understand the impact of Kennedy's departure, just look back to To understand the impact of Kennedy's departure, just look back to their selection to fill the seat vacated by Justice Lewis Powell. Like Kennedy now, Powell was the ultimate swing justice; theirs was the key fifth vote for liberals on issues including abortion rights and affirmative action, topics as charged as as they are today.
opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters true :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢
President Ronald Reagan's original choice to take Powell's place was conservative federal appeals court judge President Ronald Reagan's original choice to take Powell's place was conservative federal appeals court judge Robert Bork . The ferocious confirmation fight that ensued — and resulted in Bork's rejection — still echoes in today's unceasing warfare over judicial nominations. Kennedy's unanimous confirmation — they were Reagan's third choice, after Douglas Ginsburg's nomination fizzled over disclosures that they smoked marijuana with law students — calmed only the immediate furor.
Imagine, then, a Kennedy retirement in this partisan and unstable political landscape. It could make the Bork fight look like a kindergarten squabble. With President Trump under investigation by the special counsel and their Imagine, then, a Kennedy retirement in this partisan and unstable political landscape. It could make the Bork fight look like a kindergarten squabble. With President Trump under investigation by the special counsel and their approval rating mired below 40 percent, their incentive may be to cater to their base with a pick as far to the right as possible, an instinct enabled by the Republicans' move, during the confirmation of Justice Neil M. Gorsuch, to eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees.
Justice Kennedy, perhaps it is unfair to pile all this onto your shoulders, but is it really wise to subject an already divided country to even more turbulence?
And to another nomination by this president, with their evident ignorance of the role of the judiciary and disdain for judicial independence?
Your career has been characterized by insistence on civility, respect for the dignity of all individuals and commitment to the rule of law — qualities absent in our president. Just read Trump's tweets and ask yourself: Do I really want my successor named by this man?
No need to look back to the campaign, and their repugnant comments about the No need to look back to the campaign, and their repugnant comments about the “Mexican” judge presiding over the Trump University fraud lawsuit. Just consider the president's tweets about judicial rulings in the case that has now reached your own court. They blasted the “so-called judge” ; assailed “slow and political” courts; and, most alarming, suggested that blood would be on the judiciary's hands if a terrorist incident took place while their travel ban was being delayed.
The hearing didn't get much attention, but consider, too, the Trump Roe v. Wade from being overturned in 1992? The hearing didn't get much attention, but consider, too, the Trump appellate court nominees who came before the Senate Judiciary Committee earlier this month. One, Kentucky lawyer John Bush, nominated to the 6th Circuit, posted pseudonymous writings on a political blog that touched on President Barack Obama's Kenyan heritage, referred to then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) as “Mama Pelosi” and suggested that someone should “gag the House speaker.” In another post, Bush described slavery and abortion as “the two greatest tragedies in our country” and said they “relied on similar reasoning and activist justices at the U.S. Supreme Court, first in the Dred Scott decision, and later in Roe.” Query whether you, Justice Kennedy, would count as one of those activist judges, having joined the controlling opinion that keptfrom being overturned in 1992?
Another nominee, Lawrence v. Texas — that's your ruling, Justice Kennedy — striking down state laws criminalizing homosexual sodomy. Another nominee, Damien Schiff , nominated to the Court of Federal Claims, used a different blog to denounce anti-bullying efforts for “teaching ‘gayness' in public schools,” and to criticize the court's ruling in— that's your ruling, Justice Kennedy — striking down state laws criminalizing homosexual sodomy.
Oh, and also, to observe that “it would seem that Justice Kennedy is (and please excuse the language) a judicial prostitute, ‘selling' their vote as it were to four other justices in exchange for the high that comes from aggrandizement of power and influence, and the blandishments of the fawning media and legal academy.”
Justice Kennedy, does the president who chose this man really deserve to name your replacement?
Major findings
In this meta-analysis involving over 30 thousand deaths events from 11 prospective studies, both dietary and circulating n-3 LCPUFA are shown to be significantly associated with reduced risk of all-cause mortality, and the associations are similar for EPA and DHA.
Other results from observational studies and clinical trials
In a recent meta-analysis of 12 prospective studies, Zhao et al.36 report a moderate reduction in all-cause mortality associated with intake of fish, a major dietary source of n-3 LCPUFA. Significantly inverse associations of dietary fish and dietary and circulating n-3 LCPUFA with risk of CHD have been consistently shown in prospective observational studies2,10. Conversely, clinical evidence regarding the health benefits of n-3 LCPUFA has been continuously inconsistent. Mozaffarian and Wu5 review the cumulative observational and clinical evidence published before 2011 regarding the effects of n-3 LCPUFA on CVD and related risk factors, and conclude that there is strong evidence supporting a protective effect of n-3 LCPUFA on cardiac death. Nonetheless, more recent meta-analyses fail to show any significant protection either on CVD or on all-cause mortality. For instance, Rizos et al.11 and Chowdhury et al.10 each pooled data from 17 RCTs and report no significant effect of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation on all-cause mortality, with a summary RR of 0.96 (95% CI, 0.91–1.02) and 0.94 (95% CI: 0.86–1.03), respectively. Using a cumulative meta-analysis, Rizos et al.11 further find that a protection of n-3 LCPUFA on all-cause mortality is restricted to RCTs that are published before 2007.
The reasons for the disparate findings between observational and clinical studies are not fully understood, but several possibilities merit consideration. First, most of the RCTs, as argued by Mozaffarian and Wu5, are small in sample size and short in duration, and therefore may be of a low statistical power to detect a moderate-to-weak effect associated with long-term uses. Second, participants in the trials are mostly those subjects who are at high risk for, or already suffering from CVD rather than the general populations. In such a condition, the benefits of n-3 LCPUFA may be diminished or offset by disease status or corresponding dietary modifications and medical treatments. A recent review37 summarize that post-hoc analyses of RCTs support beneficial effects of n-3 LCPUFA on CVD prevention among statins non-users, and conclude that emerging uses of statins and fewer deficiencies of n-3 LCPUFA among participants of recent trials may explain why especially early RCTs, but not recent ones find the health benefits of n-3 LCPUFA. Given that n-3 LCPUFA and statins share several mechanisms whereby they may exert health effects (e.g., improving endothelial function, reducing inflammation, and slowing atherosclerotic progresses5,38), statins may mask the action of n-3 LCPUFA in a competitive fashion.
Third, the association of n-3 LCPUFA with health outcomes may be nonlinear. A 2006 pooled analysis39 of prospective studies and randomized trials indicate that the most protections of EPA and DHA intake on CHD deaths could be achieved when the intake is up to 0.25 g/d. Furthermore, the effects on antiarrhythmia, antithrombosis, and reducing heart rate and blood pressure (but not triglycerides) also appear nonlinear, with tendencies to plateau at the intakes of 0.5–0.75 g/d39. A recent report from the Cardiovascular Health Study21 demonstrate that EPA and DHA in plasma increase linearly and sharply with increasing dietary EPA and DHA lower than 0.5 g/d, whereas there are limited subsequent change in plasma concentrations despite larger increases in dietary intake. These observations suggest that diet and endogenous metabolism may jointly determine to what degree n-3 LCPUFA intake may exert their benefits to human body. If the benefits of n-3 LCPUFA indeed tend to be saturable at low-to-moderate levels, the null effects observed in the trials without taking into account diet background of participants are not surprising.
Fourth, it is possible that other nutrients (e.g., vitamins, minerals, and proteins) in fish or other foods rather than n-3 LCPUFA are beneficial. It is difficult, perhaps not possible for observational studies to accurately distinguish the effects between n-3 LCPUFA and these nutrients. Finally, even if n-3 LCPUFA are one of the causal components in fish, their consumption as part of a matrix of other nutrients in foods may be essential for the benefits. We consider the fourth possibility less likely because of multiple lines of evidence from experimental research, prospective observational studies, as well as human intervention trials supporting the potential cardiovascular benefits of n-3 LCPUFA.
Strengths and limitations of the current study
Major strengths of this meta-analysis include the prospective design of original studies and the large number of events involved in the analyses. However, several limitations of this study should also be acknowledged. Since this meta-analysis is based on observational studies, potential influences of residual or unmeasured confounders on our findings cannot be fully excluded. Dietary information was mostly collected with self-reported FFQs in the original studies, which may introduce measurement error and lead some participants to be misclassified. Such misclassification would likely be nondifferential in cohort studies and to attenuate any true association. This may partly explain the observation that the associations between circulating n-3 LCPUFA and all-cause mortality were stronger than those between dietary intakes and all-cause mortality. Furthermore, the common methods we used to detect potential publication bias may be of a limited power when the number of studies is relatively small. Thus, potential impacts of publication bias on our results cannot be completely excluded.
Conclusions
In summary, this meta-analysis of prospective observational studies suggests that both dietary and circulating n-3 LCPUFA are significantly inversely associated with risk of all-cause mortality. More large prospective studies conducted among individuals with high intakes are needed to address whether there is a nonlinear association. Future well designed primary prevention trials that account for nutrition status, health conditions, and medication usages of participants are also warranted to confirm our findings and those from others.
The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder
By Vincent Bugliosi
10/05/08 "There is direct evidence that President George W. Bush did not honorably lead this nation, but deliberately misled it into a war they wanted. Bush and their administration knowingly lied to Congress and to the American public — lies that have cost the lives of more than 4,000 young American soldiers and close to $1 trillion.
A Monumental Lie
In their first nationally televised address on the Iraqi crisis on October 7, 2002, six days after receiving the National Intelligence Estimate (NIE), a classified CIA report, President Bush told millions of Americans the exact opposite of what the CIA was telling them -a monumental lie to the nation and the world.
On the evening of October 7, 2002, the very latest CIA intelligence was that Hussein was not an imminent threat to the U.S. This same information was delivered to the Bush administration as early as October 1, 2002, in the NIE, including input from the CIA and 15 other U.S. intelligence agencies. In addition, CIA director George Tenet briefed Bush in the Oval Office on the morning of October 7th.
According to the October 1, 2002 NIE, “Baghdad for now appears to be drawing a line short of conducting terrorist attacks with conventional or CBW [chemical and biological warfare] against the United States, fearing that exposure of Iraqi involvement would provide Washington a stronger case for making war.” The report concluded that Hussein was not planning to use any weapons of mass destruction; further, Hussein would only use weapons of mass destruction they were believed to have if they were first attacked, that is, they would only use them in self-defense.
Preparing its declassified version of the NIE for Congress, which became known as the White Paper, the Bush administration edited the classified NIE document in ways that significantly changed its inference and meaning, making the threat seem imminent and ominous.
In the original NIE report, members of the U.S. intelligence community vigorously disagreed with the CIA's bloated and inaccurate conclusions. All such opposing commentary was eliminated from the declassified White Paper prepared for Congress and the American people.
The Manning Memo
On January 31, 2003, Bush met in the Oval Office with British Prime Minister Tony Blair. In a memo summarizing the meeting discussion, Blair's chief foreign policy advisor David Manning wrote that Bush and Blair expressed their doubts that any chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons would ever be found in Iraq, and that there was tension between Bush and Blair over finding some justification for the war that would be acceptable to other nations. Bush was so worried about the failure of the UN inspectors to find hard evidence against Hussein that they talked about three possible ways, Manning wrote, to “provoke a confrontation” with Hussein. One way, Bush said, was to fly “U2 reconnaissance aircraft with fighter cover over Iraq, [falsely] painted in UN colors. If Saddam fired on them, they would be in breach” of UN resolutions and that would justify war. Bush was calculating to create a war, not prevent one.
Denying Blix's Findings
Hans Blix, the United Nation's chief weapons inspector in Iraq, in their March 7, 2003, address to the UN Security Council, said that as of that date, less than 3 weeks before Bush invaded Iraq, that Iraq had capitulated to all demands for professional, no-notice weapons inspections all over Iraq and agreed to increased aerial surveillance by the U.S. over the “no-fly” zones. Iraq had directed the UN inspectors to sites where illicit weapons had been destroyed and had begun to demolish its Al Samoud 2 missiles, as requested by the UN. Blix added that “no evidence of proscribed activities have so far been found” by their inspectors and “no underground facilities for chemical or biological production or storage were found so far.” They said that for their inspectors to absolutely confirm that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction (WMD) “will not take years, nor weeks, but months.”
Mohamed ElBaradei, the chief UN nuclear inspector in Iraq and director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, told the UN Security Council that, “we have to date found no evidence or plausible indication of the revival of a nuclear weapon program in Iraq.”
The UN inspectors were making substantial progress and Hussein was giving them unlimited access. Why was Bush in such an incredible rush to go to war?
Hussein Disarms, so Bush … Goes to War
When it became clear that the whole purpose of Bush's prewar campaign — to get Hussein to disarm — was being (or already had been) met, Bush and their people came up with a demand they had never once made before — that Hussein resign and leave Iraq. On March 17, 2003, Bush said in a speech to the nation that, “Saddam Hussein and their sons must leave Iraq within 48 hours. Their refusal to do so will result in military conflict.” Military conflict — the lives of thousands of young Americans on the line — because Bush trumped up a new line in the sand?
The Niger Allegation
One of the most notorious instances of the Bush administration using thoroughly discredited information to frighten the American public was the 16 words in Bush's January 28, 2003 State of the Union speech: “The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa.” The Niger allegation was false, and the Bush administration knew it was false.
Joseph C. Wilson IV, the former ambassador to Iraq, was sent to Niger by the CIA in February 2002 to investigate a supposed memo that documented the sale of uranium yellowcake (a form of lightly processed ore) to Iraq by Niger in the late 1990s. Wilson reported back to the CIA that it was “highly doubtful” such a transaction had ever taken place.
On March 7, 2003, Mohamed ElBaradei told the UN Security Council that “based on thorough analysis” their agency concluded that the “documents which formed the basis for the report of recent uranium transactions between Iraq and Niger are in fact not authentic.” Indeed, author Craig Unger uncovered at least 14 instances prior to the 2003 State of the Union address in which analysts at the CIA, the State Department, or other government agencies that had examined the Niger documents “raised serious doubts about their legitimacy — only to be rebuffed by Bush administration officials who wanted to use them.”
On October 5 and 6, 2002, the CIA sent memos to the National Security Council, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, and to the White House Situation Room stating that the Niger information was no good.
On January 24, 2003, four days before the president's State of the Union address, the CIA's National Intelligence Council, which oversees all federal agencies that deal with intelligence, sent a memo to the White House stating that “the Niger story is baseless and should be laid to rest.”
The 9/11 Lie
The Bush administration put undue pressure on U.S. intelligence agencies to provide it with conclusions that would help them in their quest for war. Bush's former counterterrorism chief, Richard Clarke, said that on September 12, 2001, one day after 9/11, “The President in a very intimidating way left us — me and my staff — with the clear indication that they wanted us to come back with the word that there was an Iraqi hand behind 9/11.”
Bush said on October 7, 2002, “We know that Iraq and the Al Qaeda terrorist network share a common enemy — the United States of America. We know that Iraq and Al Qaeda have had high level contacts that go back a decade,” and that “Iraq has trained Al Qaeda members in bomb-making and poisons and deadly gasses.” Of Hussein, they said on November 1, 2002, “We know he's got ties with Al Qaeda.”
Even after Bush admitted on September 17, 2003, that they had “no evidence” that Saddam Hussein was involved with 9/11, they audaciously continued, in the months and years that followed, to clearly suggest, without stating it outright, that Hussein was involved in 9/11.
On March 20, 2006, Bush said, “I was very careful never to say that Saddam Hussein ordered the attack on America.”
Vincent Bugliosi received their law degree in 1964. In their career at the L.A. County District Attorney's office, they successfully prosecuted 105 out of 106 felony jury trials, including 21 murder convictions without a single loss. Their most famous trial, the Charles Manson case, became the basis of their classic, Helter Skelter, the biggest selling true-crime book in publishing history. The Prosecution of George W. Bush For Murder is available May 27.
SEATTLE - Commuters who use the fast ferry from Bremerton to Seattle were in for some big changes Friday morning.
Kitsap Transit, which operates the ferry, is changing the departure times during the busiest part of the commute.
The morning sailings will see the biggest change. The 5:40 a.m. departure is changing to 5:25 a.m., the 6:15 departure is changing to 6:07 a.m., and the 6:50 a.m. sailing is changing to 6:45 a.m.
In the afternoon, the 3:25 and 5:15 p.m. sailings will change to 3:20 and 5:10 p.m.
Kitsap Transit says the adjustments to the schedule are designed to minimize conflict here at the Seattle dock with arrivals and departures of the King County water taxi.
The changes also provide room in the schedule for loading and unloading passengers and for the possibility of weather-related delays.
Two additional mid-day roundtrips have already been added on this run.
Seats for those sailings will be filled on a walk-up basis only.
Ok, so here's the deal. I got a message (well actually two) from my Santa that explain the gift really well. However, I was instructed not to read until I got both the packages.
I have 1 of the two packages, so I'm fairly certain that there is a second one coming. Being the great giftee that I am I followed instructions and have not opened the first package yet. But I also don't want my Santa to have to wait to sign up for new exchanges because the second package hasn't gotten here yet.
So, Pre-Thank you, I'm sure it is Fantastic! I'm looking forward to updating really soon :)
UPDATE: Ok redditgifts, it's time for us to have a serious talk. I've tried to update this twice to no avail. My poor Santa thinks I never got the second package. I did! I did!
Let's try this again. I got my second package and WOW what a thoughtful Santa. In fact I'd say I got the best fabric Santa in the world!
In my profile I mentioned that I want to make a quilt of all my old college and high school shirts, and that I wanted to back it with a tied dyed fabric. My Santa did not buy me pre-made tie dyed fabric. NO! They bought me a whole lot of white, and a tie dye kit! OH MY GOSH I'M SO EXCITED! Not only did they buy me the fabric and tie dye kit, but they also bought me the quilt batting to go in between. Serious inspiration here. I love it.
That's not all, my Santa also got me another large quantity of white fabric that will be perfect for my first foray into cloths making. It is so pretty as white, but it is also dyed ready! I'm seriously so excited I can't wait for it to be summer so I can get started on these projects!
In addition to all that I also got this really awesome zebra fleece because I mentioned that I like to make dog toys, seriously Santa this was too much. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Thank you Santa for the inspiration, the materials, and the fun that will be had creating! I can't wait to get back home (I'm in grad school right now) to upload pictures of all the great stuff. (Also assuming this update will stick after I hit "save all changes")
Industry launches anti-carbon tax campaign
Updated
A lobby group is opening up a new front against the Federal Government's carbon tax plans by kicking off an advertising campaign.
The Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the Coal Association, the Minerals Council and the Housing Industry Association have formed a group they call the Australian Trade and Industry Alliance.
It says the Government's deal with the Greens and the independents is flawed and will harm businesses.
In an echo of the mining industry's tactics against the resources tax last year, the group says it will run a range of media ads against the carbon price.
Last year the Minerals Council spent $17 million in its campaign against the super profits tax and it was successful in watering it down.
It was also credited with helping to oust Kevin Rudd from the Lodge.
"The key message is the carbon tax means pain but no environmental gain," Alliance spokesperson Peter Anderson said.
"It would embed into the cost of doing business in Australia costs that comparable nations with whom we compete don't share, and that means we're weakening our own job security as well as our industry."
Mr Anderson will not say how much the group is prepared to spend on its ad campaign.
The first ads running in newspapers today says Australia produces less than 1.5 per cent of global emissions.
But a government spokesperson says Australia has the largest per capita carbon emissions of any developed country and a carbon price is part of a comprehensive plan to reduce pollution.
'Flawed proposal'
The Government says it has consulted widely on the plan and had a number of round table groups.
Mr Anderson was a member of one of those groups, but says the carbon tax is a "flawed proposal" despite the consultation.
"A proposal that's been put together behind closed doors is no substitute for a full, open debate in democracy like ours," they said.
The Government says there are other countries who are doing something about putting a price on carbon, including New Zealand, provinces in Canada, states in the United States, the European Union.
It has also released Treasury modelling showing that the economy and jobs will continue to grow under a carbon tax.
But Mr Anderson says the schemes in place in other countries cannot be compared to the Government's plan.
"There's no economy-wide carbon tax of the type proposed by the Government anywhere else in the world," they said.
"Our small and medium businesses for example, they're not big polluters, but the carbon tax simply means the cost of doing business is increased.
"That's an unfair impost, particularly if there's no net benefit to the global environment."
They say the Government has moved too quickly on this issue.
"It doesn't have the design of a carbon tax right and even though it's tried to compensate households and some businesses, the fact it's had to do so is itself evidence that its proposal is going to inflict pain on our economy and our community," they said.
Federal Climate Change Minister Greg Combet says nothing will convince the Government to abandon the carbon price.
"You've got to stand up for what you believe in. We must make this reform, this is a long-term reform to our economy, that will have environmental benefit," they told Channel Nine.
Topics: emissions-trading, environment, climate-change, business-economics-and-finance, government-and-politics, federal-government, advertising, australia
First posted
>>> Download Here (v4.95)
>>> Do It Yourself ! (v1.10)
General Edition * powerful signal processor for general mixing.
* Modern Compressor .
* Power On/Off button.
* Gate On/Off button.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Post-gate control (-96 to -30 dB).
* Gate time control.
* Threshold control (0 to 48 dB).
* Attack time control (1 ms to 50 ms).
* Release time control (60, 125, 250, 500ms, 1, 2, 4sec).
* Ratio switch (1.5:1, 2:1, 4:1, 8:1, 16:1, 32:1 and Tank mode).
* Side-Chain filter control (Highpass, off to 300 Hz).
* Mix control (0 to 100 %).
* Gain control (0 to 30 dB). * Modern Equalizer .
* EQ In/Out button.
* Phase flip In/Out button.
* High-pass filter control (off, 60, 120, 180, 240, 300, 360 Hz).
* Low-freq control (60, 80, 100, 150, 200 Hz).
* Low gain control (-18 to +18 dB).
* Low Peak/Shelf modes button.
* Med-freq control (500, 1200, 1800, 2400, 3200 Hz).
* Med gain control (-18 to +18 dB).
* Med bandwidth control.
* High-freq control (3000, 6000, 9000, 12000, 16000 Hz).
* High gain control (-18 to +18 dB).
* High Peak/Shelf modes button.
* Mix-Ratio control.
* Output control (-18 to +18 dB).
* Modern Expander .
* VU meter include.
* Threshold control (-96 dB to 0 dB).
* Ratio control (1:1 to 30:1).
* Knee control (0 to 20 dB).
* Range control (0 to 60 dB).
* Attack time control (0.1 to 3 ms).
* Release time control (150 to 3000 ms).
* Mix control (Full wet to dry).
* Output control (-20 to +20 dB). * Modern Exciter .
* Power On/Off button.
* Stereo level meters include.
* Extreme Low, High controls.
* Balance control.
* Output control (-18 to +18 dB). * Modern De-Esser .
* Power On/Off button.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Threshold, Ratio, Width, Release controls.
* Freq control (3000 to 9999 Hz).
* Output level control (-15 to +15 dB). * Modern Limiter .
* Power On/Off button.
* Gain Reduction light include.
* Link/Split modes switch.
* Input control (0 to 20 dB).
* Release control (30 to 2000 ms).
* Limit range control (0 to 96 dB).
* Output control (0 to -20 dB). * Modern Spacer .
* Power On/Off button.
* Stereo level meters include.
* Pre-Delay control (off to 2 secs).
* Time control (off to 10 secs).
* Room Depth control (15 to 3000 m).
* Room Width control (20 to 300 m).
* Mix control (Full wet to dry).
* LS, MF, HF, HS controls for Reverb EQ.
* Output control (-18 to +18 dB).
Modelling Edition * collection from classic outboard processor s.
* Modern Apophis .
* Classic SSL® G384 Compressor clone .
* Power On/Off switch.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Thresh control (Threshold, +15 to -30 dB).
* Makeup control (Gain, -5 to +15 dB).
* Ratio selector (1:1, 2:1, 4:1, 6:1, 10:1, 20:1).
* Attack time selector (0.1, 0.3, 1, 3, 10, 30 ms).
* Recovery time selector (0.1, 0.3, 0.6, 0.9, 1.2 secs and Auto).
* Side-Chain highpass filter selector(Off, 20, 40, 80, 160 Hz).
* Mid/Side stereo image control.
* Mix control (Full wet to dry). SSL® is a registered trademark of Solid State Logic, Inc. * Modern Lost Angel .
* Classic LA-2A ® Compressor clone .
* Power On/Off switch.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Peak control (Threshold, 0 to -48 dB).
* Gain control (0 to 48 dB).
* Attack time (Variable, 0.1 to 10 ms).
* Release time (Variable, 0.05 to 3 secs).
* Comp/Limit modes switch. LA-2A® is a registered trademark of Universal Audio, Inc. * Modern Seventh Sign .
* Classic 1176LN ® Compressor clone .
* Power On/Off switch.
* GR/VU meter mode switch.
* Input control (Relative threshold).
* Threshold level (0 to -40 dB).
* Ratio switch (4:1, 8:1, 12:1, 20:1 and Crush).
* Attack time control (0.03 ms to 10 ms).
* Release time control (50 ms to 2 secs).
* Output control (0 to 40 dB).
1176LN® is a registered trademark of Universal Audio, Inc. * Modern Fire Chainer .
* Classic Fairchild ® 660 Compressor clones .
* Power On/Off button.
* Input Gain control (1 dB steps, 0 to 20 dB).
* Threshold control (Variable, 0 to 30 dB).
* Time constant selector.
* Attack time (0.2, 0.2, 0.4, 0.8, 0.4, 0.2 ms).
* Release time (0.3, 0.8, 2, 5 secs, auto 1, auto 2).
* Ratio (Variable, 1:1 to 20:1).
* DC Adjust control (comp to limit).
* Metering switch (VU, GR, Off).
* Output Gain control (0.5 dB steps, 0 to 20 dB). Fairchild® is a registered trademark of Avid Technology, Inc. * Modern Black Dragon .
* Classic Pultec ® EQP-1A Program Equalizer clone .
* EQ In/Out button.
* 16 KHz cut In/Out button.
* Low shelf freq selector (20, 30, 60, 100 CPS).
* Low shelf boost control (0 to +16 dB).
* Low shelf attenuate control (0 to -20 dB).
* High peak freq selector (3, 4, 5, 8, 10, 12, 16 KCS).
* High peak boost control (0 to +20 dB).
* High peak bandwidth control.
* High shelf attenuate control (0 to -18 dB).
* High shelf freq selector (5, 10, 20 KCS).
* Trim level control (-15 to +15 dB). Pultec® is a registered trademark of Pulse Techniques, Inc. * Modern Deathcore .
* Classic Distressor ® EL-8 Compressor clone .
* Power On/Off button.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Input level meter include (-12 dB detect).
* Input control (Relative threshold).
* Threshold level (0 to -36 dB).
* Ratio switch (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 10, 20:1 and Deathcore).
* Side-Chain Filter modes switch (HP, LP, BP).
* Pre-Coloring modes switch (HP, DS, HPDS).
* Attack time control (0.03 ms to 10 ms).
* Release time control (35 ms to 3 secs).
* Output control (0 to 36 dB).
Distressor® is a registered trademark of Empirical Labs, Inc. Special Edition
* special signal processor for mixing and coloring.
* Modern Premier .
* Mic preamp simulator.
* Signal In/Off button.
* Monitor On/Off button.
* VU meter include.
* Input control (-18 to +18 dB).
* Level control (Mix 0% to 200%).
* Transparent control.
* Filter control.
* Five preamp model selector.
* Harmonic control. * Modern Amplifier .
* Power On/Off switch.
* Gain Reduction meter include.
* Hidden OLED level meters include.
* Gain control (0 to 50 dB).
* Peak Reduction control (0 to -50 dB).
* Fast/Slow modes switch.
* Compress/Limit modes switch. * Modern Deep Purple .
* Signal In/Off switch.
* LCD display include.
* High-pass filter control (20 to 200 Hz).
* Low-pass filter control (22 to 12 KHz).
* 3 Band Program EQ (LF, MF, HF).
* Gain, Freq, Q controls.
* Trim level control (-18 to +18 dB). * Modern Vacuumer .
* Racing style Gain Reduction meter.
* Neon style level light.
* Easy/Over compression lights.
* Gain control (Semi-Auto, 0 to 30 dB).
* Threx control (Threshold, 0 to -60 dB).
* Atta control (Attack time, 1.2 to 12 ms).
* Releax control (Release time, 240 to 2400 ms).
* Hape control (Ratio, 3:1 to 30:1). * Modern Console EQ .
* EQ In/Out button.
* Phase flip In/Out button.
* Highpass filter control (20 to 300 Hz).
* Lowpass filter control (20 to 10 Khz).
* 4 Band Parametric EQ (LF, LMF, HMF, HF).
* Gain, Freq controls.
* LMF High-Q In/Out button.
* LMF High-Q In/Out button.
* HF Peak mode In/Out button .
* Modern Splitter .
* Solo mode switch.
* Left channel solo.
* Right channel solo.
* Mid channel solo.
* Side channel solo.
* L/R Centered switch.
* Output level control (1% step, 0% to 200%).
* Modern Monoizer .
* Power On/Off button.
* Mid gain control (0 to +12 dB).
* Side filter control.
* Highpass Filter (20 Hz to 20 KHz).
* Filter shape control.
* Side gain control (0 to +12 dB). * Modern Analoguer .
* Analog tape simulator.
* Power On/Off switch.
* Standard/Monitor modes switch.
* Hidden OLED level lights.
* Input control (0 to +18 dB).
* Output control (-18 to 0 dB).
* Color control.
* Level control.
* Filter control.
* Ceiling control(+6 to -6 dB).
* Modern Flash Verb .
* Process On/Off button.
* Send mode On/Off button.
* Input control (-6 to +6 dB).
* Level control (Relative reverb time).
* Reverb time (off to 10 secs).
* Room control.
* Room size (box to infinity).
* Pre-Delay time(off to 2 secs).
There are countless studies that show the benefits of being able to separate one's work life from one's personal life, but it might be easier said than done. The ubiquity of smartphones has made completely detaching from work an almost herculean feat.
In a new piece from Fast Company, writer Laura Vanderkam found that the average workweek in a demanding job totals 56 hours. Since there are 168 total hours in a week and 56 hours of sleep a week (assuming you get the suggested eight hours of sleep a night), that leaves you with 56 hours to pursue non-work -related activities. To help you in that noble pursuit, Vanderkam has compiled multiple tips on how to achieve the perfect work/life balance.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do is keep track of how you spend your time. According to Paula Plant of the Afford Anything blog and podcast, you'll be amazed at how much time you devote to things that don't really matter to you. This also goes for time spent while you're at work. Plant suggests spending your breaks doing things that are meaningful to you. “I could either click on BuzzFeed articles, or get up and do a quick 10–15 minutes of yoga,” they say.
Another way to maintain that finite balance between work and life is by doing something you actually enjoy for a living. According to Thomas Gaynor, the office managing partner of law firm Nixon Peabody's San Francisco location, your can enhance your personal life by being satisfied with your professional one. “I love what I do and have been lucky to be able to work with terrific clients for a long time,” they say. “So when I come home and I'm excited and invigorated by something that happened at the office or by a win for a client, I share that with my partner, and that, too, is part of life.”
Last but certainly not least, Vanderkam recommends making the most out of your weekends. “Make at least a loose plan of activities you'd genuinely enjoy, and that dose of anticipation can help you power through a long Thursday and Friday.”
See you at the beach!
For more tips on how to achieve that delicate balance between work and life, head on over to Fast Company.
Pick up a copy of Leading the Life You Want for more ways to balance your hectic work schedule, and let us know if you have any tips we may have missed.
Between 2011 and 2015 the government of Hungary spent HUF 432 billion (USD 1.5 billion) on public media, according to independent news broadcaster ATV and daily online news portal 444.hu. The amount includes the HUF 47 billion allocated last week by the Ministry for National Development to Hungarian state television (MTVA) so that the state broadcaster could settle its debts.
444.hu writes
“There is no end of course to this insanity as another HUF 77 billion (USD 275 million) has already been earmarked for the future”, adding that “MTVA recently disclosed that the M1 news channel operating since last year and the M4 sport channel this year cost HUF 10 billion (USD 35 million), and that one and a half times as much is to be spent next year”.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
The key to understanding Billions, and why it's such an unpleasant show to watch, is June Raichlein. June is the grieving widow from the pilot, the woman Lara pounced on after they aired their grievances publicly rather than try to make peace with the Axelrods privately. Given the brevity of their scenes in the first two episodes, June seems like an unlikely character to serve as an emblem of Billions' shortcomings, but then again, that's the June of the pilot. The June in “YumTime” seems like a completely different person. In the pilot, June was mousy and wounded, but in “YumTime,” she's a glamorous, fame-obsessed society woman. Them hair is different. Even their voice doesn't sound quite the same. The before and after is pretty dramatic.
Advertisement
Why is it necessary to tweak June this way? For one thing, it gives Lara, a character who could easily get lost in the shuffle, a fire to put out. But it can't be just any fire. In order to justify Lara's campaign to annihilate June's social standing and even get their son denied admission to Stanford, June has to be a terrible person. They can't be the whimpering sad sack they were in the pilot, so “YumTime” immediately goes to work shaping the audience's perception of them to make Lara's takedown feel more satisfying. The episode opens with June bouncing eagerly on an elderly book publisher, who has agreed to publish a memoir called 9/12: The Day After, a memoir of June's experiences following the 9/11 attacks. Lara catches wind of the book when they run into June at a group fitness class, then sets about wrangling a copy of the book and picking June apart until they have no choice but to relent and edit out incriminating information about the Axelrods.
If the June of “YumTime” was the woman in the pilot, the woman horrified by Lara's thinly veiled threat, the plot would be tough to watch. The story would be about an aristocrat destroying a woman for having the temerity to speak out of turn, and while that would be no fun, it would also give the audience full permission to hate the Axelrods. But Billions isn't a show where a guy in a white hat faces off against a guy in a black one; it's premium cable anti-hero cliche. Lara has to succeed in taking down a shameless social climber who bedded a publisher to advance their tired memoir and book appearances on the morning shows. June is also a hypocrite. When Lara goes over the content of the book with the Axelrods' attorney, they strongly imply that Bobby capitalized on the 9/11 attacks for financial gain. But June is doing the same thing, trying to turn their grief into a book deal and speaking career, and again, Billions becomes a show that asks the audience to cheer when the pot triumphs over the kettle.
Advertisement
Showtime has already renewed Billions for a second season, so apparently there are people who enjoy the moral relativism in this epic battle between power-hungry pole stars. But with so little nuance and grace in the execution, the shades of grey are just boring. Billion manages to be boring even as it pulls out all the tricks in its premium-cable knapsack. In fact, the sex and salty language are precisely what calls attention to just how boring Billions is. Coarse language and sexual imagery are used as spackle, and when a spackle job is this bad, it's hard to focus on anything other than the hole it used to be. “YumTime” starts out cutting between two unpleasant sex scenes between characters whose names I couldn't remember, and that sets the tone for the rest of the episode. There are mentions of “ass to mouth,” ass lube, twats, cunts, people fucking goats, the rape of individually wrapped pastries, and putting companies in your mouth.
All the talk of phalluses and orifices is a function of the plot, which is all about people getting screwed in one way or another. Bobby's latest feat of corporate plunder involves YumTime, the maker of Scrumpets and other fine snack cakes. Bobby takes a stronger position in the company and shakes up the board of directors as a means of restoring YumTime to its former glory, but the maneuver isn't just about salvaging the Scrumpet's good name, it's about humiliating the elder Chuck Rhoades. Ol' Man Rhoades is having an affair with Evelyn, who is occupying their former seat in YumTime's board, and has that position stripped from them during Bobby's coup. Evelyn's ouster is Bobby's second quiet victory over Rhoades, with the first being their success in getting a mole inside the U.S. Attorney's office. It also represents the second time in two episodes that Bobby has gotten to smugly cut people down to size in a boardroom. Billion goes out of its way to avoid having a villain, but right now, Bobby is as close as the show comes to having one simply because he's currently winning their diffuse battle of wits.
That makes Rhoades the hero by default, not because the audience should be any more invested in their success than in Bobby's. Rhoades is also screwing people, a guy in the park who Rhoades forces to pick up dog poop with their bare hand, and a colleague who gets their terrorism case wrested from them so Rhoades can use it as a bargaining chip. Rhoades isn't above using anyone or anything as leverage, so long as it accomplishes the intended result. They have no problem going after Peter Decker's probably innocent parents when they discover they're close enough to the money that they can use them as kindling. Rhoades is a pretty terrible person, but the audience isn't given full permission to hate them either. Billion demands that its characters be loved for the ruthless pricks they are, which would be admirable if their choices weren't always being measured against the behavior of random foils.
Advertisement
Once again, Wendy Rhoades: Douche Whisperer has the most interesting storyline, even though their professional quandary is like a watered-down Dr. Melfi's story from The Sopranos. Wags' bloodlust is triggered because Maria “got out of line” by leveraging a deal from another fund to get a better offer from Axe Capital. Wendy's torn between two people and forbidden to judge either one of them. Sounds an awful like the experience of watching this show.
Stray observations
Bryan and Terri are sleeping together, which I'm sure will be important pretty soon.
The scene with Rhoades making the guy pick up the dog poop in the park is baffling in so many ways. Why again is this man submitting to Rhoades' bullying? Because he's “that guy” and has a tailored suit on? And then there's the jaunty incidental music when the guy is forced to pick up the poop, which suggests that was supposed to be a fun moment for the audience, but that's not the experience I had.
A 9/11 widow memoir in 2016? What am I missing here? I'm guessing June called it 9/12: The Day After because it sounded snappier than The 15 Years Of Magical Thinking.
“What's Ebbinger's? That's exactly what you wanted me to ask, isn't it?” Ugh.
Sprint is in a good place for 5G deployment, when the time comes. But right now isn't the time. Sprint has a ton of 2.5GHz spectrum, which they picked up from purchasing Clearwire a few years ago. They have deployed it in their LTE network which has helped them offer more bandwidth to their customers, which means faster speeds. You see the higher the spectrum, the more bandwidth or capacity it has, but the other side of that equation is the fact that it'll have less coverage. Which is why Sprint has paired it with the 800MHz spectrum they received from buying Nextel many, many years ago. Together it offers pretty impressive coverage as well as speeds for their customers.
According to the company's chief financial officer, Tarek Robbiati, about half of their 4G LTE data is being handled on their 2.5GHz spectrum. Actually, Robbiati said that "more than half" is on 2.5GHz. That's pretty impressive, but what's even more impressive is the fact that they own about 160MHz of 2.5GHz spectrum in most markets, and right now, they are only using about a quarter of it. What this means is that they will have plenty of spectra for 5G, which is expected to launch around 2020, and will take advantage of the higher-band spectrum like 2.5GHz. Robbiati feels that 2.5GHz will be the bedrock of 5G, at least for Sprint. They used the analogy that 2.5GHz will be to 5G what 800MHz is to LTE.
Sprint has had a bit of trouble with their network during the LTE era. Of course, a major part of that was the fact that they jumped on the WiMax bandwagon before everyone had decided on a 4G standard, which became LTE. That meant that all of the "4G" that Sprint had built out would not be compatible with other carriers. And thus they wasted their time. That also set them far behind their competitors. Leaving many customers on an already pretty congested 3G network which continued to deteriorate. It was only part of Sprint's problems in recent years, but it seems to be a problem that is being fixed now, and will help them with 5G in the next few years.
Remove ads from MX Player in three easy ways. MX Player is an amazing media player which has many special features and functionalities. However, it can be annoying sometimes when ads are popping out every now and then. So today, I am going to teach you how you can easily remove the ads from MX Player without rooting your phone.
When you heard about a great app, but full of “ads,” you can't help but sigh. Ads in MX Player are very irritating and disturbing especially when you are in the middle of listening to your favorite music or watching your long-awaited TV shows and movies.
The earlier versions of MX Player have fewer ads than the new ones. But we just realized it when we already updated the MX Player on our device, right? And we can do nothing but to uninstall the app immediately.
The question now is: Does uninstalling MX Player the last choice we have to avoid those irritating ads? Are there any ways we can enjoy it without having interruptions? Of course, yes!
Read further to learn the methods on how you can remove ads from MX Player.
Remove Ads from MX Player
There are many ways to remove ads from MX Player. Some methods you can do is to use ad blocker applications. There are also easy ways to do it and that's what I am going to show you here. Here we go!
Method 1: Download the MX Player Pro Version
Getting the Pro version of MX Player is the easiest method to avoid ads. However, not all people can use it since it is a paid application.
Well, don't worry! You always have the second option to get the pro version. If you can't afford to buy the pro version from Google Play Store, you can get MX Player APK (pro version) by clicking the link given. MX Player Pro is free from ads so you won't get annoyed while using it.
Method 2: Go offline while using MX Player
Going offline can be an alternative way on buying for a Pro version. However, you will be limited to access the online library of MX Player, thus it is not the best option.
However, if you have files downloaded to stream in MX Player, you can choose to disbale your internet connection so ads won't pop up. If you like to turn off the internet connection for MX Player alone, you need to do the steps below.
Go to your device settings. Click on Data Usage and find MX Player. Click the MX Player app to open the settings. Then, enable Restrict Background Data.
Note: Other versions of Android may have different options for restricting data on a certain application. You can also try to check the Apps setting if disabling data usage is under it.
3. Use Ad-blocker App
If you can't install the Pro version of MX Player or doesn't want to go offline while using MX Player, this third method might work for you. All you need to do is to get an ad-blocker app.
There are many ad-blocker apps which you can download directly from Google Play Store. Just choose which one will work for your device to completely remove ads from MX Player.
In Conclusion
Getting the Pro version of MX Player is the most sure option to remove any unwanted ads. If you can't find this method useful for you, then try the second and third methods.
In case you have questions, feel free to leave them inside the comment box below. We'll try to help you as soon as we read your comments.
Cortana for Android has leaked out so we decided to test it on a BlackBerry device, specifically on a BlackBerry Passport, after some initial testing Cortana may be smarter than you think! What is Cortana? Cortana is a personal assistant app that is tied to your Microsoft account.
With the power of Bing behind her, Cortana gets to know you and looks out for you. She'll keep track of things that interest you, make helpful suggestions, remind you of meetings and appointments and help you stay closer to the people who matter most.
Check out Cortana in action on a BlackBerry Passport device as well as download link below:
What do you guys think? Is this better than the built-in BlackBerry Assistant app?
Download the leaked version of Cortana for Android
Source: Suomimobiili
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ted Cruz: 'We Are Suspending Our Campaign' 1:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ended their presidential campaign on Tuesday after failing to top Donald Trump in the Indiana Republican primary.
“From the beginning, I've said that I would continue on as long as there was a viable path to victory,” Cruz told supporters at an election night rally in Indianapolis. “Tonight, I'm sorry to say it appears that path has been foreclosed."
A surprised crowd gasped and booed as Cruz made the announcement.
"Together we left it all on the field in Indiana," Cruz said. "We gave it everything we got. But the voters chose another path."
NBC News projects Cruz will finish second in the Hoosier State, well behind Trump in a state that was crucial for Cruz to win in order to prevent Trump from gaining the 1,237 delegates needed to secure the presidential nomination.
Trump's commanding victory is projected to deliver them well over 40 delegates, making it unlikely the front runner fails in getting a majority of the delegates.
In the final weeks of their campaign, Cruz made a number of unconventional moves in the hopes of bolstering a campaign that was running well behind Trump in the polls. They and Ohio Gov. John Kasich entered into an informal pact, each announcing they would not compete in states where the other was running closer to Trump.
.@realDonaldTrump will be presumptive @GOP nominee, we all need to unite and focus on defeating @HillaryClinton #NeverClinton — Reince Priebus (@Reince) May 4, 2016
But hours after both campaigns announced the agreement, Kasich said their supporters in Indiana should still vote for him. From there, neither of the two candidates formed much of an alliance, and an NBC News/Marist/Wall Street Journal poll showed voters overwhelmingly opposed the agreement.
Cruz then named former rival Carly Fiorina as their potential running mate. Trump called the move a sign of desperation that would do little to change the outcome in Indiana.
And despite the informal alliance Cruz and Trump had in the early stages of the primary battle, the fight between the two grew increasingly nasty and personal in its final stretch. On Tuesday morning, after Trump repeated a debunked tabloid story tying Cruz's father, Rafael Cruz, to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, the senator delivered a stinging and personal takedown of their rival.
"Donald Trump is a serial philanderer and they boast about it," Cruz said Tuesday morning. "This is not a secret, they are proud of being a serial philanderer."
Cruz did not mention Trump in their remarks ending their campaign.
Following Cruz's announcement, Republican National Committee head Reince Priebus tweeted that Trump will be the presumptive, even though Kasich's campaign staff vowed to remain in the race.
"As long as it remains possible Governor Kasich will fight for the higher path. Ted Cruz ran a strong campaign, stood for conservative principles, and exposed a lot about Donald Trump. Governor Kasich will continue to campaign and offer the voters a clear choice for our country," Kasich's chief strategist John Weaver said in a statement.
Republicans committed to stopping Trump also vowed to continue on in a statement released ahead of Cruz's announcement.
"We continue to give voice to the belief of so many Republicans that Trump is not a conservative, does not represent the values of the Republican Party, cannot beat Hillary Clinton, and is simply unfit to be president of the United States," Katie Packer, Chair, Our Principles PAC, said in a statement. "We will continue to educate voters about Trump until he, or another candidate, wins the support of a majority of delegates to the Convention."
Burazin via Getty Images
Quick quiz: does pregnancy cause weight loss or gain? It seems like a dumb question but it's a test that the promoters of the “hCG diet” seem to have failed.
Short for human chorionic gonadotrophin, hCG is the hormone secreted by the embryo that makes a pregnancy test positive. Since the 1950s, certain doctors have promoted hCG injections as the key to hunger-free weight loss — and now, the diet is taking off on the Web. This, despite 14 clinical trials showing that hCG has no effect on weight.
The hCG diet restricts caloric intake to 500 calories a day. That alone pretty much guarantees weight loss for anyone who can manage to stick with it. But people who take a placebo instead of hCG while restricting calories do just as well as those who take the hormone — and taking the hormone doesn't increase the likelihood that people will stay on the diet. (More on TIME.com: Placebos Work Even If You Know They're Fake–But How?)
Some doctors will actually give injections of hCG, but many people take hCG pills, which are sold online — illegally, according to the FDA — for use in this diet. There's even less evidence for the effectiveness of pills than the injections, however, and it's impossible to know whether the pills actually even contain hCG.
There's also data to show that such starvation-level diets — with or without hormones — can cause dramatic rebounds in weight in the long run, making maintaining healthy weight much more difficult.
So why does this demonstrably ineffective and potentially harmful diet aid stay popular? In brief, it's the power of placebos and anecdotes.
For one thing, research on placebos has shown that the effect of getting an injection is more powerful than taking a pill, in terms of getting a result based on patients' positive expectations. So the hCG injections themselves power the placebo effect, producing compelling anecdotes of successful weight loss. In reality, of course, what causes the dropped pounds is the caloric restriction — but the people who tout the diet emphasize the shots. (More on TIME.com: To Slash the Abortion Rate, Dole Out Birth Control Pills A Year At A Time)
And all of us — doctors included — are fundamentally susceptible to seduction by dramatic success stories. Our brains are biased to believe real people providing emotional accounts of change over the dull, dry statistics found in scientific papers. What better evidence could there be than a dramatic before-and-after story, our minds tell us.
But it's worth remembering that anecdotes cannot be used to distinguish between effective and ineffective treatments: that misconception is what allowed bloodletting and other harmful practices to persist in medicine for centuries. Requiring a higher standard of proof to demonstrate causality is what has made modern medicine a success. Going beyond anecdote is the only way to know for sure whether something helps or harms.
So if you want to find a diet or other medical treatment that works, it's better to stick with the data and avoid hCG. Unless you want to believe that a growing infant in the womb secretes hormones altruistically to avoid growing and to make its mom skinnier. Consider this: even the nausea of early pregnancy generally ends in weight gain, not loss.
Update, Thursday morning: Not just one landing, but three
According to the ESA, which spent the night trying to make sense of the Philae lander's strange docking maneuver, the lucky lander bounced off the surface of comet C-G no less than three times before finally settling down.
Philae first ricocheted off the comet immediately upon impact at 10:33 a.m. Eastern time. (As we reported yesterday, the lander's dual harpoons failed to eject and anchor it to the rocky comet) This initial bounce pushed Philae hundreds of feet into the air before the comet's weak gravity pulled it back in. Its next two (much gentler) bounces happened at 12:26 p.m. and finally at 12:33 p.m. Eastern, yet the hardy robot seems to be completely unharmed.
So where is it now? The ESA is trying to pin down Philae's exact coordinates, but we do know it's currently resting in the shadow of a giant cliff. See for yourself in this first picture from the lander (above).
Update, Wednesday morning: Harpoons or no harpoons, the Philae lander is doing just fine
Stephan Ulamet, the head ESA scientist in charge of the Philae lander, has just given a reassuring announcement. Despite the complications, Philae is sitting pretty on comet C-G and is already beaming back photos and data.
"Right now the lander is not anchored to the surface, and we're not sure if we have landed in a nice soft 'sandbox', or if something else is happening," Ulamet said in a briefing this afternoon. Whatever happened, Philae is on the ground, fully powered, and working perfectly. Phew.
While the ESA is still working on whether or not to re-fire the harpoons, the lander is now on the opposite side of C-G from Rosetta (over the horizon, so to speak). So any further decisions will have to be made tomorrow morning when Philae reestablishes contact.
Ulamet also hinted at something unexpected about Philae's surprising landing: with a cheeky smile, they noted "maybe… maybe we didn't land once, we even landed twice! Some preliminary data has indicated that the lander may have lifted off again after it landed, started to turn itself, and touched down again."
We're sure to have more news tomorrow. For now, take a moment to enjoy ESA Director General Jean-Jacques Dordain's reassurance. "It's the right comet, don't worry. We have got a radio link, we have the power on board [the lander], and we have time. Now we just have to work."
5 Things Philae Could Teach Us About the Cosmos
What's happening with Philae's harpoons?
The ESA is reporting that while Philae has successfully soft landed on the comet, for some reason its twin harpoons—which were to anchor it to the comet's surface—have not fired.
The engineers and scientists at mission control are currently trying to figure out why this happened and how to fix it. This could mean that the Philae lander might soon tear away from the comet—but we're hoping that the lander has embedded itself deep enough onto the comet's soft surface that there's time to work out how to fix the issue. The ESA team doesn't want to simply fire the harpoons again without being sure, as the force could fling Philae off the comet (which has very weak gravity) and out into space.
The ESA is about to begin a media briefing at 2 p.m. Eastern to explain what's going on.
Update, 12:10 p.m. Eastern: This just in. More details to come:
I'm on the surface but my harpoons did not fire. My team is hard at work now trying to determine why. #CometLanding — Philae Lander (@Philae2014) November 12, 2014
It's official: We've landed on a comet!
Just after 11 a.m. Eastern time, the ESA has announced that Rosetta's Philae lander has successfully anchored onto its target comet: 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Because the comet is more than 300 million miles from Earth, it took the scientists nearly 30 minutes to get confirmation of Philae's success. The stunning comet landing is a first for humanity, and the culmination of a 10-year journey for the Rosetta mission.
The washing-machine sized Philae lander will now continue with its nine onboard science experiments. First thing first: Minutes after landing, Philae will beam back a panorama image.
MT @esaoperations: Harpoons confirmed fired & reeled in. Flywheeel now be switched off. @Philae2014 is on the surface of #67P #CometLanding — ESA Rosetta Mission (@ESA_Rosetta) November 12, 2014
Up-Close Shots of Comet Churyumov-Gerasimenko
What is Rosetta?
Rosetta is a comet-bound space probe launched by the ESA (the European Union's counterpart to NASA) ten years ago, in March 2004. Over the past few years it's been chasing down its target comet, 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko (C-G for short). On Wednesday morning, at 4:05 am Eastern, Philae detached from Rosetta to begin its gravity-driven descent towards the comet.
You can watch the action live via streaming video below. And, you can follow along with the Philae Lander and the Rosetta probe on the crafts' Twitter accounts.
What has it been up to?
Rosetta is about to make history. The spacecraft has snuggled up close to C-G and beamed back data so that ESA scientists could pick the perfect landing spot. Now Rosetta (or more precisely, its Philae lander) is about to become the first manmade object to touch down on a comet.
Keep in mind that humans have made impact with comets before. In 2005, for example, NASA violently slammed into a different comet with the Deep Impact probe, hoping the resulting debris would teach them something new about what comets are made of. Rosetta promises to be a much gentler affair—despite the fact that I'm about to use the word 'harpoon'.
Rosetta's Philae lander is going to harpoon the comet to stay attached to C-G. That's because the gravity is too weak for the spacecraft to stay connected otherwise. Once Philae latches on, it will send back all kinds of data to scientists. The lander is brimming with the antennae and equipment (including a drill and onboard oven) for nine separate experiments.
RELATED: Up-close photos of the comet Rosetta is chasing.
When and how will this comet landing go?
The washing-machine sized Philae lander is currently making its way from Rosetta toward C-G at about walking speed, over a grueling, 7-hour process.
The Philae lander has already separated from Rosetta (it did so last night, at about 3:30 a.m. Eastern) and should make contact with C-G at around 10:30 am Eastern Time. Because the comet is so far away, though, here on Earth we'll receive confirmation of the successful landing around 30 minutes after the fact. So expect news at 11:00 Eastern this morning.
Once Philae reaches the comet, it's going to shoot out two harpoons into C-G to tether itself down to begin its science experiments, including drilling into the comet. It'll also continue a litany of measurements and other experiments. The lander has already been snapping photos and taking gas and magnetic field measurements ever since it separated with Rosetta.
Why has this mission taken 10 years?
Two words: gravity boosts.
Following its launch, Rosetta needed to make a few slingshot flybys past Earth in 2005, 2007, and 2009 to pick up enough speed to rendezvous with a comet.
http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/avZGG4q_460sa_v1.gif
What do we expect to learn?
There's no telling how much information scientists will be able to squeeze out of C-G. As we reported this summer, even getting Rosetta close enough to snap photos has radically altered our understanding of comets.
The best new info is yet to come. Rosetta's data could help us to answer the big questions about our home planet using secrets locked up inside comets, the icy-wanders of the night's sky. How and where are comets made? How did they get their water? Did they bring water—or life—to Earth?
Update, 9:20 a.m. Eastern: The Philae lander's first image after separating from Rosetta.
It's me… landing on a comet & feeling good! MT @ESA_Rosetta: I see you too! #CometLanding pic.twitter.com/DjU0J1Ey4H — Philae Lander (@Philae2014) November 12, 2014
Any good or bad news so far?
Only one slight issue has come up that might prove fatal during the comet landing. The ESA scientists behind Rosetta have announced that a single thruster, located on top of the Philae lander, isn't working.
This thruster isn't entirely necessary for guiding the lander towards C-G and successfully harpooning the comet. But it was supposed to provide two important functions. First, the thruster was designed to minimize any bounce-back Philae might encounter when first smacking down on the low-gravity comet. Second, the thruster was going to counteract the recoil Philae will feel when it fires down those awesome dual harpoons.
Because thruster is not a "mission critical" piece of equipment, this shouldn't be a deal-breaker, and the ESA has just had over 7 hours with some of the world's smartest scientists (plus 10 years of preparing for all possible issues) to work around the faulty thruster. If anyone could make this a successful landing, it's the women and men already in mission control.
How big is comet C-G?
This is big:
Ce grand:
In Veronica Roth'strilogy, the human population is divided into five factions with a single primary attribute. As we saw in the first film, Shailene Woodley's character leaves the self-sacrificing Abnegation clan for the risk-taking Dauntless. But one of the other factions we saw only a glimpse of in the film were the peace-loving flower children of Amity, and now the sequelhas found their most important member in Octavia Spencer.The Academy Award-winning Spencer will play Johanna Reyes, the "leader" (they're too peaceful to have true leaders) of the Amity that will play a much larger role in the sequel. Woodley is back as Beatris "Tris" Prior, who continues to fight a growing conspiracy surrounding divergents, those who have more than one attribute and thus do not fit in any faction. Kate Winslet, Theo James, Zoe Kazan, Miles Teller, Ray Stevenson, and more are expected to reprise their roles. Johanna's an important character the rest of the way and having someone like Spencer to play them is a huge plus.opens on March 20th 2015.
Found myself in the same situation just now. Took quite some time to figure out (taking into account that I had neither a USB keyboard nor a Linux computer around this was a long quest).
The reason for this problem appearing seemingly out of the blue is fsck - the automated file system check, which runs on startup. During this check fsck may discover that something is wrong with some of your filesystems and interactive input is needed to confirm fixes. At this point it apparently attempts to launch the root shell via sulogin in order to ask for this input, sulogin then discovers that the root account has no password login privileges (i.e., its line in /etc/shadow has a * in the second field), and suggests to press "Enter" to continue.
If you took out your SD card and edited /etc/shadow on a different machine (I used ExtFS for Windows to do it under Windows) by replacing the * in the password field for root for something valid (e.g. copy the password field of the pi user), you would see a different message on startup:
Give root password for maintenance or press ctrl+D to continue
This still requires interactive input to proceed and thus does not help, but at least adds some clarity to what's happening. One would think that removing the root password completely (setting the corresponding entry to empty string) could help, but it doesn't, unfortunately. The boot still breaks with a prompt for keyboard input.
In any case, the real fix to the problem depends on the reasons fsck is complaining. Most posts in the Internet about this issue say that the problem appeared after a new device was added to /etc/fstab (e.g. a removable drive) which was not available during the next boot. Removing this entry from /etc/fstab obviously helps then.
In my (and probably the question author's) case there were no new entries in fstab - just the original SD card partitions. The problem was instead due to actual corruptions of the file system. Perhaps turning the Pi off by pulling the cord rather than doing a proper sudo shutdown now was to blame, or my SD card was not good enough.
A proper solution to such problem would be to actually fix the filesystem. If I had a keyboard, I'd probably enable the root password, reboot and follow through with the full fsck process. If I had a second Linux machine, I could instead take the SD card there and run a fsck . In my case neither way was an option, so I had to get rid of the message by simply disabling filesystem checks on boot. This can be done by editing /etc/fstab .
Normally, it looks like that:
proc /proc proc defaults 0 0 PARTUUID=8866c94e-01 /boot vfat defaults 0 2 PARTUUID=8866c94e-02 / ext4 defaults,noatime 0 1
The last number for each entry specifies whether, and how often the corresponding filesystem needs to be checked on boot. 1 means "every boot", 2 - every certain number of mounts. Replacing these with 0 disables boot-time filesystem checks and the Pi boots fine, even though with a potentially broken filesystem.
To conclude the story, let us take a look at /etc/init/mountall.conf , which should be the script responsible for mounting filesystems at boot.
script . /etc/default/rcS || true [ -f /forcefsck ] && force_fsck="--force-fsck" [ "$FSCKFIX" = "yes" ] && fsck_fix="--fsck-fix" ... part skipped .... exec mountall --daemon $force_fsck $fsck_fix $debug_arg end script
Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin issued a formal response Saturday to both the Charlottesville protests and their former Yale University classmates' call for their resignation.
Over 350 of Mnuchin's college classmates urged them to resign Friday and accused President Donald Trump of supporting “Nazism and white supremacy.”
“We call upon you, as our friend, our classmate, and as a fellow American, to resign in protest of President Trump's support of Nazism and white supremacy. We know you are better than this, and we are counting on you to do the right thing,” Mnuchin's classmates wrote.
Mnuchin responded to their classmates Saturday, saying that they are proud to serve their country and that they do not, in any way, believe the president supports white supremacy or other hate groups.
“As someone who is Jewish, I believe I understand the long history of violence and hatred against the Jews (and other minorities), and the circumstances that give rise to these sentiments and actions,” Mnuchin wrote. “I feel compelled to let you know that the President in no way, shape or form, believes that neo-Nazi and other hate groups who endorse violence are equivalent to groups that demonstrate in peaceful and lawful ways.”
Mnuchin said the perpetrators of violence in Charlottesville have “no defense” from them personally, “nor do they have any defense from the President or this administration.”
The secretary notably stood beside Trump Tuesday at a press conference at Trump Tower when the president gave their second statement following the protests. The president blamed the violent acts, which caused dozens of injuries and left one 32-year-old woman dead, on both white nationalist groups and counter-protestors, echoing their previous comments that the violence came from “many sides.”
Mnuchin said they hope the letter gives those calling for their resignation “a better perspective” on how they feel about Charlottesville and serving in the administration.
“I hope you have a better perspective on my feelings on these issues. I don't believe the allegations against the President are accurate, and I believe that having highly talented men and women in our country surrounding the President in their administration should be reassuring to you and all the American people,” Mnuchin wrote. “As long as I am Treasury Secretary I will do the best job I can for the American people and provide the best advice I can to the President.”
Follow Robert on Twitter
Send tips to robert@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Struggling Portsmouth ground out their first home win since Boxing Day with a narrow victory over AFC Wimbledon.
Ryan Taylor scored the only goal as they bravely met Daniel Alfei's right-wing cross to loop a header into the net.
The Dons had seen a penalty appeal waved away after two minutes when Danny Hylton appeared to be tripped in the box, but a free-kick was given instead.
Alan Bennett's point-blank header was also saved and Luke Moore's shot cleared off the line as Pompey held on.
VIEWS FROM THE CHANGING ROOM
Portsmouth manager Richie Barker told BBC Radio Solent:
Media playback is not supported on this device Post-match: Portsmouth boss Barker
"We were lucky to get the game on. The pitch is obviously a real mess now and the rain throughout the second half didn't help it.
"I don't think those conditions are ever going to lend themselves to an entertaining game, but the most important things we showed were the right desire and mentality to see it through."
On Jake Jervis and Ryan Taylor:
"We haven't really had an opportunity to work on them; they are not really combining as a pair properly yet. Once we get that then they could be a real handful. They tick a lot of boxes. They've definitely the youthful enthusiasm."
AFC Wimbledon boss Neil Ardley told BBC London:
Media playback is not supported on this device Post-match: Dons manager Ardley
"I thought we were the better team for most of the game and we seemed comfortable. We defended really well, but credit to them, they made some crucial blocks and it didn't fall for us today but I know we were the better team.
"Ultimately we lost the game because five minutes after I gave them a half-time team talk about what the only threat would be, they did exactly that by not getting out of our penalty box.
"I thought we controlled the game and they were not a threat despite being the home team, but credit to them and we have to take that bitter pill and deal with it."
This item has been updated since it was initially posted.]Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has a lot on their plate at the moment -- chiefly, the threat of an indictment on first-degree felony charges in Collin County . Then, of course, there's the dust-up over their nonbinding opinion issued over the weekend that said county clerks can refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples if they feel doing so violates their "religious liberties." To see how that's playing out, look no further than Granbury, where clerk Katie Lang can expect their federal lawsuit first thing Monday morning Now, it turns out, more than 150 Texas attorneys have sign a missive that says they're this close to going to the State Bar of Texas with a complaint concerning their opinion. Those signatures were collected by Rockport attorney Stever Fischer, a former director of the State Bar of Texas, and Brian Bouffard, a Fort Worth military and criminal defense attorney. In their press release issued Friday morning, they say Paxton "has violated several sections of the Texas Rules of Disciplinary Conduct by encouraging state employees in their non-compliance with the United States Supreme Court."Their letter is below."There is politics, there is law," they say in their release, "and then there's the State Bar of Texas Disciplinary System, which can revoke an attorney's license to practice." Fischer told the the Texas Tribune they plan to file the complaint if Paxton doesn't reverse course. Says Fischer, “ I think they could very easily be disbarred ."But Austin's Glen Maxey, who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1991 to 2003, isn't waiting around.This morning, via their Facebook page and the Texas Democrats' website , Maxey announced that he's gone ahead and filed a complaint with the State Bar Association. That complaint is embedded below.Says Maxey in their prepared statement, “It's irresponsible for an elected official -- and a lawyer -- to tell other elected officials to break the law. He's misleading county and state officials based on a false premise that they can discriminate against same-sex couples. This past Friday, the Supreme Court was clear with their decision to let same-sex couple marry. Paxton took an oath to defend and protect the constitution, they must comply with the court's decision. Paxton is no stranger to shady business. This just gives us another reason to question their legitimacy as a Texas Attorney General, lawyer, and trustworthy individual.”Fischer tells The Dallas Morning News via email that they believe Maxey, who is not an attorney, may have acted too soon. Says Fischer via email, first, they want to give Paxton a chance to reconsider. And there's U.S. Supreme Court Rule 45 and its 25-day waiting period . Says Fischer, "There is some argument that the 5th Circuit mandate says now, but we want to give them any benefit of the doubt" because "a bar license is a serious matter." That's why they're holding off on sending their complaint to the state bar. For now.
Glen Maxey Complaint Against Ken Paxton
Attorneys Letter to Ken Paxton
Q: To start, what can you tell me about the thought process behind the video for "Window Seat"?
EB: The song "Window Seat" is about liberating yourself from layers and layers of skin or demons that are a hindrance to your growth or freedom, or evolution. I wanted to do something that said just that, so I started to think about shedding, nudity, taking things off in a very artful way. I am from the theater, and this is just a part of expression to us, a part of art. And I saw a video by a group called Matt and Kim, and it was filmed in Times Square. And I thought it was the bravest, most liberating thing I've ever seen two people do. And I wanted to dedicate this contagious act of liberation and freedom to them. I hoped it would become something contagious that people would want to do in some way or another.
Q: And what was the thinking on the location and the Kennedy element to it?
A: Times Square is the most monumental place in New York, and when I was thinking of monumental places, the grassy knoll was the most monumental place in Dallas I could think of. I tied it in a way that compared that assassination to the character assassination one would go through after showing their or them self completely. That's exactly the action that I wanted to display.
Q: And I take it you knew that there would be a similar real-life reaction when the video was released?
A: Yeah. I knew that would happen, so as soon as the thought came to my mind, I decided to assassinate myself as a gesture. Because it was going to happen anyway. The video is a prediction of what is happening now.
Ontario municipalities will be able to mandate affordable housing in new developments under planned legislation that cities, including the "scorching" housing market of Toronto, are closely eyeing.
The proposed legislation would allow communities to establish so-called inclusionary zoning policies, meaning new housing proposals would require developers to include a certain percentage of affordable units in order to be approved.
Vancouver and Montreal have similar policies, as do many major cities in the United States, advocates say.
It's a step forward that helps Ontario catch up, said Greg Suttor, a housing researcher with the Wellesley Institute.
"It's not a panacea for affordable housing, but it can help meet some of the needs," they said.
"It will tend to create more of a social mix in development. For example, in downtown Toronto ... if new development only serves the upper half of the income distribution, that's not as healthy as if we build cities that house a bit more of everybody."
In Toronto, lower-income people are already being pushed to outlying areas, Suttor said. A recent RBC Economics report listed Toronto's housing market — along with Vancouver's — as scorching, saying single-detached home affordability "continues to slip deeper into stressful territory for homebuyers."
Mayor John Tory said the planned initiative would provide one more tool to address the issue of affordable housing.
"It is not a question of whether we, together with the private sector and the other governments and the not-for-profit sector, are going to address this, it's a question of how," they said.
'Talk is easy' critic warns
More detailed information, such as percentage requirements and definitions of "affordable," were not forthcoming Monday, and it will likely be years before inclusionary zoning is in place in any Ontario communities.
Let's see action. Let's see legislation, let's get it to committee, and make sure it's good enough to actually help families. - Cheri DiNovo, NDP MPP
The government will launch consultations before introducing legislation, which would then take time to get passed. After the legislation is enacted, Tory said the city would develop an approach, put it before the executive committee, then get it approved by city council.
There have already been several bills proposing inclusionary zoning that have come before the legislature, including several from NDP MPP Cheri DiNovo and one from a Liberal member.
"I don't think this is an issue to start from scratch," said Harvey Cooper, Ontario managing director of the Co-operative Housing Federation of Canada.
The idea was under "active discussion" in 2009, and the government "missed the boat" by not enacting legislation then, they said.
DiNovo said she's glad the government "has finally recognized the need for inclusionary zoning."
"But talk is easy," they said in a statement. "Let's see action. Let's see legislation, let's get it to committee, and make sure it's good enough to actually help families. I'm calling on the minister to pass legislation this spring before the legislature breaks."
Move may increase condo prices
The Ontario Home Builders' Association warned that "nothing comes for free."
"Creating more affordable housing units should not come at the expense of housing affordability," CEO Joe Vaccaro said in a statement.
"Requiring free housing units as part of a new community approval is just another way to have new neighbours cover the bill as the cost of their new home goes up to pay for these new units."
American jurisdictions with inclusionary zoning have financial and planning incentives to support the developments "to ensure affordable housing doesn't undermine housing affordability," Vaccaro said.
Municipal Affairs and Housing Minister Ted McMeekin says the move "might well" increase the price of condos. They admitted some developers have concerns about the proposed legislation, but they did about the Greenbelt protected land too, they said.
"Some 10-plus years ago we heard some hollers and even a few screams," they said. "Today the Ontario Home Builders' Association applauds the Greenbelt, tell us they have learned to live with it."
The zoning announcement was part of Ontario's long-term affordable housing strategy, which includes $178 million over three years announced in the government's recent budget.
The budget also contained money for a portable housing benefit that would give more options to people fleeing domestic violence, and support for the construction of up to 1,500 new housing units to help people with complex needs such as seniors, people with mental health issues and at-risk youth.
Have you been noticing a rise on reported aerial visual and auditory anomalies? Weird sounds coming from the earth and sky seem to be reported from different countries throughout the past few years. As recently as this month, there have been a few reports from Canada and Ukraine in which people describe either strange mechanical sounds emanating from the skies or a combination of low rumbling and low frequency hums.
YouTube has an interesting collection of videos in where people record these strange vibrations and noises. For example, the following compilation of this strange phenomena was uploaded by fidockave213 over at YouTube. It starts off by showing the famous Kiev, Ukraine, “mech noises” and goes on to show some interesting footage of other noises that are similar but heard throughout different parts of the world. Interestingly enough, the video also shows footage of the Windsor rumblings that were reported here on GhostTheory earlier this week. Watch it:
What is causing the strange noises being reported? Is this part of hoax? Or is this some sort of secret technological weapon being developed and tested by some obscure military division? Could the rumblings, vibrations and sounds heard in Canada be a product of this technology?
Or am I just kidding myself, and you as well? Well, let's take this following video into consideration. The video is said to have been filmed on June 22, 2010, in British Columbia. The video starts off with a high pitched sound being heard and recorded early in the day. Just a few hours later, the person who had recorded the strange sound noticed that there were some ionosphere lights showing across the sky. These are sometimes referred to as “earthquake lights“. Surprisingly a 5.0-magnitude earthquake was registered across Canada just a mere 11 hours later. All of this was caught on tape:
Of course, you'd first have to trust the people who record these strange sounds. Trust that they are not artificially embedding the sounds onto the video, and trust that the videos were recorded on the dates specified. If we were to trust these people, then we are left with the question: “What the hell are these sounds and tremors?”
Many are already blaming HAARP for the sounds. Saying that HAARP's research into the Earth's ionosphere has something to do with the “New World Order”. Which makes for a entertaining conversation but that's about it. If you were to follow and listen to conspiracy theorists, you'd probably remain indoors for the rest of your life.
There are several other videos floating around YouTube about “strange sounds from the sky”. Take the following for example:
Uploaded by lexxman1 on Feb 7, 2011 i heard this this december 2010. i was in my room and thought a jet was flying by … but it kept making noise. so i had to see what was going on outside… and it creeped me out. the roaring sound was no jet…it was not windy at all that night.. this went on for about 30 or 45 minutes… i believe a tuesday at about 1am… it sounded like roaring meets jet engine. and at times it pulsated… it was so loud i cant believe it didnt make local news… (ps: my dog scratched the crap out of my back towards the end lol)
I don't know what the fascination is about these type of reports, but I'm hooked. It's to a point that I scan the daily headlines, sometimes twice a day, looking for official news on these sounds and tremors.
What are your thoughts on this? Have you experienced any unusual aerial anomalies or sounds? I can tell you that it's all quiet and normal here in Los Angeles. Well, at least for now.
The to-do list for the Boston Red Sox this coming offseason will be lengthy.
The Red Sox will have to decide what it wants to do with manager Bobby Valentine and their future.
David Ortiz and Cody Ross will be free agents and the team might also want to make a decision on Jacoby Ellsbury, who becomes a free agent following the 2013 season.
Less prominent, but still fairly important, is the issue of what to do with Daniel Bard.
For years, the 27-year old was considered a rising pitching star.
Things have a funny way of changing, though. As the 2012 season approaches its conclusion, Bard is more mystery than stud.
It started with their move to the starting rotation. They hadn't started since some very unsuccessful stints in Single-A in 2007.
That didn't faze new Red Sox general manager Ben Cherington, who saw Bard's size, above-average slider and ability to routinely throw between 95 and 100 MPH as a perfect skill set for a starting pitcher.
Bard exited spring training as a starter and fell flat on their face, bottoming out on June 3 in Toronto when they had one of the worst starts in recent memory.
That prompted a demotion to the minors, where Bard continued to struggle. They eventually made their way back to the majors, but the Bard coming out of the bullpen now bares little resemblance to the Bard who came out of the bullpen the last three seasons.
According to fangraphs.com, Bard's velocity is down on all of their pitches. But it goes beyond that--you don't need any stats to see what Bard's biggest problem is.
All you had to do was tune in Wednesday night to see their appearance in the sixth inning. June 3 was almost three and a half months ago, but you wouldn't have known it if you were watching Wednesday.
Bard entered with no outs and a runner on second base in a game the Red Sox trailed 8-3.
Things got worse.
Bard faced five batters, surrendering three walks and one hit while registering just one out. They threw 16 pitches and only four of those were for strikes. And worse, it's hard to tell whether we should consider the rough outing a step back for Bard at this point.
Maybe this is now Daniel Bard.
That's what the Red Sox need to figure out this offseason. If Bard has undergone some sort of Rick Ankiel-esque transformation and is now nothing more than a pitcher with a decent fastball and slider who can't throw them for strikes, he's done.
In the end velocity is very important, but if you're not throwing strikes it doesn't matter how fast the ball hurtles toward the plate. If Bard can't force major league hitters to swing their bats, appearances like Wednesday's won't be unusual--they'll be routine.
There's no reason not to give Bard more chances at redemption as the 2012 season concludes. The games aren't going to impact Boston's postseason chances, and if Bard can figure out a way to retain the form they had from 2009 through 2011 then they instantly become a major asset for the Red Sox heading into the 2013 season.
But if they continue on this current path of wildness, the Red Sox need to decide if its time to give up on Bard.
After just one terrible season, some teams may be willing to trade for Bard in hopes that they can determine a way to get them back on track. But any value they still hold will decrease if the Red Sox hold onto them and they pitch just as poorly next season.
Fewer than two years ago, Bard was one of the players mentioned as potential trade bait when rumors circulated that the Red Sox were interested in trading for Diamondbacks outfielder Justin Upton.
Those days are long gone. Bard no longer holds nearly as much value.
And the questions persist:
If Bard has no medical issues, why has their velocity fallen so fiercely? Did the switch to starter throw off their game? Did their demotion complicate things? Is their confidence gone forever or just hiding somewhere waiting to return to its owner? Is their 2012 season an aberration or the beginning of something considerably worse?
Then again perhaps this season really is just an aberration? Maybe the switch to the role of starting pitcher threw Bard off their game, and then the shift from the majors, to the minors, and back to the majors hasn't allowed them to ever regain their footing?
From 2009 to 2011, the Red Sox had a really good pitcher who came out of the bullpen standing 6-foot-4. In 197 innings during that span, they struck out 213 batters while walking only 76.
If the Daniel Bard of old still exists, the Red Sox need to find him.
On Sunday, a gunman opened fire on attendees at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin,
before dying at the hands of police. Yet the amount of coverage this horrific event has received thus far falls short of that devoted to the July 20
Continue Reading
nationally as well as locally. Is that because the victims looked less all-American than did those who perished at the Century 16? That's among the theories you can expect to hear in the coming days.
On the cover of today's Denver Post, the temple shooting is relegated to a tease on a left-side rail:
Moreover, the paper's home page places the story below a report about the Mars rover and the successful qualification of local Olympian Jenny Simpson: Such placement is actually quite typical of what we've seen this morning on a national scale. The Today show's web page has the shooting up top, in an even more prominent position than its interview with another home-state Olympian, Missy Franklin.... ...but Google News put Mars first when we checked.... ...and the New York Times' placement nearly requires cursor movement to find.... Since these decisions were made independently, rather than by some all-powerful press cabal, we can only speculate about motivations.
Perhaps editors and producers felt that after two weeks-plus of Aurora theater shooting coverage, news consumers were already overwhelmed by reports about mass shootings. Maybe the fact that the body count is (fortunately) lower and the killer, identified as former Army soldier Wade Michael Page, is already dead makes the incident moderately less gripping.
But you can bet some observers will also surmise that the setting of the shooting -- a worship space used by followers of a religion that may seem foreign to many American viewers -- makes the story less "relatable," in industry parlance. And while no one would dare admit to similar thinking about victims like Amardeep Kaleka, son of the temple's president, such charges will undoubtedly be forthcoming from some quarters.
Whatever the case, we'd urge national news agencies to give plenty of attention to the Wisconsin tragedy. No telling at this point whether it was based on racism and bigotry, as opposed to the apparent madness that likely fueled what happened in Aurora. But if that's the case, or even if it's not, this is an important story to tell whether or not the public is exhausted by such grim subject matter -- and regardless of the multiple syllables in the victims' names.
More from our Aurora Theater Shooting archive: "James Holmes Dies: Jokey Twitter account has 39,000 followers and falling."
Turkey is undergoing the most severe domestic political crisis of recent years. In previous years, R. Erdoğan and their moderately Islamic Justice and Development Party (AKP) managed to consolidate Turkish society with neo-ottoman foreign policy slogans, iron out conflicts between secularists and Islamists, balance the role of the army in Turkish politics, bring to the end armed resistance of KWP (Kurdistan Workers' Party) fighters and evolve to finding a peaceful solution to the Kurdish problem. The current situation, however, has once again become severely strained.
The Turkish parliamentary elections in June 2015 fell short of Erdoğan and their supporters' expectations. The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) couldn't poll enough votes in order to form a single-party government for the first time since 2002. As compared to the 2011 elections, it lost 10% of the vote. Erdoğan's plans to make amendments to the constitution, with the help of the new National Assembly (medzhlis), in order to transform Turkey from a parliamentary into a presidential republic and push through a series of radical reforms in Turkish politics have been put on hold indefinitely.
AKP's attempts to make a coalition in the National Assembly with opposition parties also failed. Erdoğan was forced to announce new parliamentary elections on November, 1st 2015 and entrusted the current Prime Minister to form an interim government.
AKP's decline in popularity inside the country can be explained by a number of reasons. For instance, failures in foreign policy, the financial and economic decline, general tiredness of voters and Erdoğan's inconsistent actions, their ever more complicated relationship with radical Islamists, local nationalists.
Thus, voters became public witnesses to Erdoğan's conflict with Fethullah Gülen, the influential Muslim preacher whose doctrine enjoys considerable influence among the Turkish public. Another significant factor of AKP's weakened position was the relatively large percentage of votes polled by Turkish Kurds. Previously, Kurdish National Assembly members only gained seats in single-party constituencies, as no Kurdish party had been able to pass the relatively steep 10% vote threshold. In the previous elections, the AKP and Erdoğan received a higher percentage of the voters' support namely in areas densely populated by Kurds. This time, the pro-Kurd Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) decided to stand independently and seemed to become the AKP's biggest competitor, which allowed it to gain approximately 13% of the vote (80 out of 550 seats in the National Assembly.) The legalisation of Kurds as one of the main ethnic groups in Turkey, the possibility of education and local media being conducted in the Kurdish language and the acceleration in the social and economic development of the least developed Kurdish areas – all of this brought about sharp criticism of Erdoğan from right-wing parties and Turkish nationalists.
The large-scale terrorist attack carried out by a Turkish suicide-bomber on 20th July 2015 against the Kurds in the border area with Syria in the Turkish town of Suruç and the following inadequate response by Turkish military and the police raids by Turkish authorities on the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), broke the fragile hard-won ceasefire of March 2013 between the PKK and Ankara. Instead of cleaning up the country of Islamic jihadists, who have made Turkey their support base and transit corridor used to transfer militants from all over the world into Syria and Iraq, Erdoğan used the full force of their repressive apparatus to crack down not so much on the terrorist militants of the Islamic State, but rather on the members of the PKK, who were victims themselves. In the border areas with Syria, Turkish special forces soldiers and police have clamped down on control primarily over Kurdish movements, whereas Islamic jihadists in the area feel unconstrained. It is the Turkish authorities' inaction that led to the 32 Kurdish deaths and the wounding of several dozen Kurdish activists in Suruç. The direct cause of the start of the repression against the PKK was the murder by the PKK youth wing of two Turkish police officers on the Syrian border and a Turkish citizen in Istanbul, who the Kurds suspected of cooperating with IS.
Having ignored the norms of international law and violated Iraqi sovereignty, the Turkish armed forces conducted a series of air strikes and shelling fired from tanks and artillery camps and PKK bases in remote mountainous areas of Iraqi Kurdistan. It should be noted, that as a result of these strikes and shelling civilians and refugee Christians died and infrastructure was destroyed. These acts were accompanied by Kurdish demonstrations and protests in Istanbul and other Turkish cities. A series of terrorist attacks and strategic detonations of important buildings (pipelines) ripped through the country, several dozen Turkish police and military officers were killed and wounded. It can be acknowledged that another large-scale fratricidal war between the Kurds and the Turks has once again broken out (There are currently 15-20 million Kurds in Turkey, which means every fourth or fifth Turkish citizen is an ethnic Kurd.)
Even though the pro-Kurd party is a member of the National Assembly, the leader of the PKK, A. Öcalan and the moderate wing of their party condemned the acts of violence on both sides and called for an end of the bloodshed, the Turkish authorities continued their military and police operations against all Kurdish activists in the country and freedom fighters in the mountains Qandil mountains of Iraq. Dozens of Kurds have been killed and wounded. In ruling circles in Turkey there is talk of the possible deprivation of Kurdish National Assembly members' mandates and the prohibition of pro-Kurd HDP, which is alleged to have connections with PKK terrorists.
Thus, Erdoğan is taking their lead from IS provocators and local nationalists, and instead of definitively cleaning up the country of radical Islamists and international terrorists, they are clamping down on control over the Turkish Syrian border, and has used the full force of their repressive apparatus on cracking down on the Kurds. They even suggested to their partners at NATO that there a so-called “buffer zone” should be created in the Turkish areas bordering Syria, where there are three autonomous Syrian Kurdish regions, controlled by their self-defence units. Ankara is planning to entrust the policing of the Turkish border areas with Syria to militants of the Damascus-opposed Free Syrian Army, who are to be supported from the air by the Turkish and US air forces. It isn't impossible that with this suggestion, Ankara is pursuing the aim of not only to consolidate the division of Syria into enclaves, but also to isolate the Syrian Kurds, thus impeding their cooperation with their Turkish counterparts, and generally weaken the Kurdish national movement in the region. It seems that Erdoğan is counting on the fact that the upcoming parliamentary elections in November will take place under martial law thus denying the HDP a chance to pass the 10% threshold, and is also hoping to gain the support of the Turkish nationalists.
Stanislav Ivanov, Leading research fellow of IMEMO and the Institute of Oriental Studies, Ph.D., exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”
Lisa DeSantis remembers parking their car inside Recreation Pier, which for years stood rotting at the foot of Fells Point. There was no room for that on Tuesday.
A crowd of people jammed into the building, mounting red-carpeted stairs to celebrate its reopening as a $350-plus-a-night hotel, with a whiskey bar, ballroom and interior garden. Broad-shouldered security guards scanned the street, black SUVs slid into parking slots and passersby gawked at the affair.
"It's just amazing to watch it from the beginning until now," said DeSantis, a manager at the Waterfront Hotel restaurant and bar located across Thames Street.
The 128-room Sagamore Pendry Hotel is a venture backed by Kevin and Scott Plank, who each started private real estate firms, after making their fortunes on the meteoric growth at Under Armour, a Baltimore-based athletic apparel company.
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank had a scheduling conflict and remained at the firm's offices across the harbor during Tuesday's ribbon-cutting. Their brother, Scott, who left Under Armour in 2012, was on hand to mark the opening, along with Gov. Larry Hogan, Mayor Catherine Pugh and Police Commissioner Kevin Davis.
"Is this not exciting?" Pugh asked to applause.
Built in 1914, Recreation Pier originally stored port cargo. The building was later used as a community center and served as a television studio for "Homicide: Life on the Street" but closed after the show ended in 1999.
The city approved a plan for a hotel there in 2004. In 2010, it sold the deteriorating waterfront parcel for $2 million to a development team that included H&S Properties Development.
The Plank venture purchased the site four years later for $3.4 million, later bringing in California-based Montage Hotels & Resorts — known for high-end properties in Hawaii, Beverly Hills and Utah — to operate the hotel under its "new luxury" Pendry brand. The cost of the project has been estimated at more than $60 million.
"A lot of people have said to themselves they want to do something on Rec Pier," said Scott Plank, who founded real estate development firm War Horse after leaving Under Armour. "To be able to get these folks to believe in Baltimore, to believe in us and to believe in everybody in this room ... is an incredible honor for us. Look at the other places they have spots — it really puts us in a great place, both the city and us personally."
Michael Fuerstman, co-founder of Pendry Hotels, said Tuesday the firm aims to "bring some great swagger" to the Baltimore hotel market, while building on the history of the neighborhood.
The hotel, which is accepting room reservations and plans to open its food and beverage spots in a few days, is the latest high-end property to open in Baltimore, after the Four Seasons in Harbor East and the Ivy Hotel in Mount Vernon. Plank shrugged off a question about competition, saying they believe each addition makes the city more attractive.
Workers at nearby businesses, who have seen disruption and noise caused by construction for more than two years, said they also welcome the opening and expect it to bolster business in the area.
DeSantis watched as small groups started to peel off from the crowd, headed to nearby coffee shops and restaurants.
"See," they said. "People are coming in already."
nsherman@baltsun.com
The first trailer for the new Tomb Raider movie is out, and if your relationship with Lara Croft began and ended in the 1990s, this is most certainly not the hero you remember. Gone is the outlandishly buxom, clearly-designed-by-dudes lady Indiana Jones played by Angelina Jolie and a bunch of jagged pixels. In their place is a far more understated, realistic hero. That's because this reboot is taking after another reboot—a reset of the game series, one that started in 2013 and ushered in a whole new era of Croft.
That game, also called Tomb Raider because the world is a confusing place, looks a lot like the upcoming movie based on it. They have the same basic premise: Lara Croft goes on a journey to a dangerous, possibly magic, island, following in the footsteps of their archaeologist father. Them boat crashes, Lara gets captured by the baddies, and everything spirals out from there.
The new Lara Croft introduced in that game, written by Rhianna Pratchett (a storied games and comics scribe, and daughter of the late fantasy writer Terry), is designed as a direct repudiation of the '90s iteration of the character. This Lara is more complex, more human, and still learning the ropes of raiding tombs. Tomb Raider 2013 is a chronicle of Lara's suffering and survival, a story about a woman who goes into a situation she's unprepared for and learns to fight their way out. If you want an indication of where this movie is going (and/or if you want to raid some tombs yourself), it's worth checking out. The film seems to be imitating it heavily; Lara's outfit, the look and feel of the ship and island, and the inclusion of a climbing pick as a primary tool for the young archaeologist, are are all pulled directly from the game.
This Lara (played in the movie by Oscar-winner Alicia Vikander) is a hero who fits much better in 2017, the age of a fully realized Wonder Woman and an increasing awareness in Hollywood that audiences want good stories with complicated, admirable women in them. In the game, Lara is the sole agent of their own growth, a hero who is worth admiring and journeying with. Hopefully Vikander's Croft will be too.
"Mama, Mama! Let's play Candyland!"
"Okay, honey! Just give me a moment. I have to use the restroom."
Candyland is so much more fun baked when you're an adult. In fact, marijuana makes a lot of things more bearable and even fun. Pot can make you patient and relaxed. I get it, and so does a sizable portion of society. It's completely understandable to smoke weed even when you're a parent. That being said, there are some rules I chose to follow as a pot-smoking parent.
The needs of my children come first
Don't buy weed if your kids are going hungry. Don't run off to smoke a doobie every chance you get then spend an hour or more hiding from your kids so they don't figure out you're stoned. It would probably be smart to have a "backup adult" in case you have a bad high. Get a babysitter, have your partner there sober, or wait until the kids are asleep or at school.
Also, this should be obvious, but don't smoke weed with your kid. If your kid is under 18 definitely don't share a doobie with them. Over 18, well, then you decide… I guess.
Know the local laws
Do you know how much weed can land you in jail? If the laws in your state are strict, you might want to try a legal alternative. If you allow your teenage/adult child to smoke weed in your home, be aware you could end up with legal trouble. The goal: staying out of jail.
Know when to abstain
Are you looking for employment? Are you currently going through a custody case or other legal battle? Then don't be a dummy. Stop smoking pot. Do you have other responsibilities? Are you using marijuana to procrastinate? Are you smoking pot out of a crumpled soda can you found in a pile of trash and debris on your floor/table? Be real with yourself. Either get productive when you toke, or reward yourself with reefer when you complete your project, errands, and chores.
Don't toke and drive
This is another that should be obvious, but isn't always. Just don't do this. In some areas you can actually get arrested for a DUI for simply having any amount of marijuana on you while driving, and DUIs are no joke.
I get my supply from a reliable source
Don't find a dealer on Craigslist, and don't allow toxic people into your life (and/or the lives of your children) just because they can provide the pot or because "Hey, they like to smoke pot, too!"
I don't let "Pot Smoking Parent" become my identity
If you feel like you're smoking too much you might want to consider backing off. If somebody suggests you're smoking too much you may want to consider taking a break from the bong. If people start asking you "Are you high?" every time they see you, marijuana moderation may be called for.
Don't leave baggies and pipes laying about. Head shops sell lots of nifty safes you can use to store your stash. Invest in one of them. You don't want your kids to get into your ganja.
I realize my kids will eventually figure out what I'm doing
Do you preemptively talk to your kid about marijuana? Do you let your child silently come to the realization? Do you wait for the day you get called out by your kid after DARE present a program at their school? Well, that I can't decide for you.
Eventually, whether or not you discuss it, your kid is going to figure out you smoke(d) marijuana. How you plan to discuss it is entirely up to you.
Ralph Lauren's Secret Car Garage View Full Caption
CARNEGIE HILL — Ralph Lauren keeps one of the most valuable collections of cars in the world inside a secret garage less than an hour's drive from their Fifth Avenue duplex in Manhattan — but they steer clear of it most of the time.
While most New Yorkers battle for parking spots on city streets, the billionaire clothing mogul and known gearhead keeps about 60 rare roadsters — from a 1958 Ferrari Testarosa to a 1938 Alfa Romeo Mille Miglia to a 1929 Bentley Blower — in an unassuming office park-like building in Bedford Hills. But they only visits the spot for about 25 to 30 hours out of the year, according to their lawyers.
The fashionista's team of legal eagles revealed the short amount of time spent at the garage in court papers last year in response to a lawsuit accusing Lauren of stiffing a Westchester contractor out of nearly $300,000.
The lawyers were trying to prove that the contractor, William Scherer, couldn't sue Lauren for not being fully paid to renovate the garage because Lauren didn't live on the property and doesn't own the building. D.A.D. Auto Storage, a holding company controlled by Lauren, is the title-holder to the building and the only entity that can be sued, the lawyers argued.
While Lauren rarely stops by the garage, they pay car curator Mark Reinwald to watch over the building, maintain the vehicles and take each of their vintage rides for a spin every once in a while, according to court papers.
FOR MORE NEW YORK CITY NEWS, SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS
On the few occasions Lauren shows up at the garage, they usually spend their time talking shop with Reinwald.
“In fact when Mr. Lauren is at the premises, their normal activities include walking through the building and looking at the automobiles stored therein, as well as discussing individual vehicles and automobiles shows and museum tours with Reinwald,” their lawyers wrote in a legal filing. “Occasionally, a guest will accompany Mr. Lauren to view the automobiles.”
Scherer sued Lauren in Westchester Supreme Court, claiming they were never paid $297,367 for nearly $1.7 million in repairs and improvements their contracting firm performed on the building starting in 2007.
The case was sent to arbitration, but it was dismissed last year when Scherer couldn't come up with $12,000 to cover their share of upfront payments to the arbitrators.
A source said that Scherer is currently contemplating taking further legal action to recover the money.
Lauren's D.A.D. Auto Storage has owned the mega-garage since 2007. The Polo shirt purveyor has tried to keep its location hidden ever since.
Lauren's given only one interview about the garage, allowing a Vanity Fair writer and a photographer to tour the facility in 2011. The magazine's story is purposely coy about saying where the garage is located, only that it's in Westchester County.
“Within it are 60 or so of the rarest and most valuable cars in the world, including a 1938 Bugatti coupe, a 1938 Alfa Romeo Mille Miglia roadster, and a 1930 Mercedes-Benz SSK ‘Count Trossi' roadster, only one of which was manufactured,” the Vanity Fair article says.
The lawsuit reveals that the garage is located on a street right off an exit on Saw Mill River Parkway. The gated facility is next to a strip mall. Its windows have been blocked out so no one can peek in.
Lauren replaced stairs with ramps so that cars could easily be moved from one floor to the next, according to Vanity Fair article. It has a conference room decorated with trophies Lauren's cars won at auto shows and a workshop that “looks more like a laboratory than an automotive bay,” the article says.
Neither a lawyer for Lauren nor a spokesperson for their fashion line responded to a request for comment.
Lauren splits their time between their Fifth Avenue duplex in Carnegie Hill, a country estate in Bedford that's just a short drive from the garage, a Montauk beach house, a Colorado ski ranch and a Jamaican getaway.
Scherer declined to be interviewed for the story.
Does the CIA have the right to deny special counsel Robert Mueller access to Russia-related information relevant to their investigation into the 2016 U.S. presidential election? And if so, should we be worried that CIA Director Mike Pompeo would seize on that right to protect President Donald Trump?
As a former federal prosecutor, I have worked on cases where the intelligence community denied permission to use evidence at trial, resulting in the inability to proceed on certain charges. In those cases, I accepted that the intelligence agency in question was acting in good faith to protect a source or method that was of higher priority than the individual charges. I increasingly worry that such a presumption wouldn't be warranted for Pompeo's CIA.
The Washington Post recently reported that Pompeo has distorted the intelligence community's findings regarding Russian interference in the election. Pompeo stated that the intelligence community concluded that Russian meddling did not affect the outcome of the election. In fact, a report released by the intelligence community in January “made no judgment” on whether Russian interference affected the election, according to former Deputy CIA Director David Cohen, stating the question of outcome was outside the scope of inquiry by the intelligence community. Instead, the report disclosed that Russia leaked stolen emails and used social media to disrupt political discourse. The report concluded that Russia sought to help elect Donald Trump by sowing discord and harming public confidence in the American electoral system.
Maybe Pompeo made an honest mistake when they claimed Russian meddling did not affect the election's outcome. But Pompeo's comments could be an effort to spin the report in a way that minimizes its findings. Other reports have indicated that Pompeo issued a directive in August that those working on the Russia investigation at the CIA report directly to him.
This is a troubling sign for someone with as much power as Pompeo has as CIA director. Because Mueller's investigation is at its core a counterintelligence investigation, Pompeo, a former Republican member of congress from Kansas, could have extraordinary influence over what intelligence information may be used in any resulting criminal case.
Since the enactment of the Patriot Act, information that is collected for intelligence purposes may be shared with criminal investigators for use in court as long as the collection was lawful and a significant purpose of the collection was for intelligence purposes.
Additional barriers exist, however. Because intelligence information is classified, prosecutors must obtain both declassification and use authority. Only the owner of the information — the agency that produced the intelligence in question — can grant that permission. In many instances, that owner is the CIA. There are some procedures to use classified information at trial without declassification, notably the Classified Information Procedures Act, but use authority must always be granted before it may be used as a basis for an indictment.
There are good reasons for these restrictions. Using intelligence information in court can risk compromising intelligence equities at stake. Intelligence officials must sometimes choose whether to proceed with the case in open court or instead to protect the source or method of the intelligence information. Sometimes permission to use intelligence information is denied because the cost of compromising a source or collection technique is determined to be too high to justify the disclosure. The case consequently either proceeds without the particular evidence or, where alternative evidence is unavailable or insufficient, the criminal case is dropped.
Pompeo's past record creates a situation where one might reasonably question whether any determination they make about declassification or use authority was made solely for proper nonpolitical, national security purposes.
One could imagine a scenario, for example, in which Mueller has obtained intelligence information that supports a case of conspiracy between Russians and members of the Trump campaign to violate the law. That information may be crucial to proving the connection required to convict any defendants who are charged. The information would be admissible if it was collected lawfully and if Mueller could obtain permission from its owner. But if that owner is the CIA, then Pompeo could decide to deny permission to use the evidence. That could leave Mueller charging the case without the benefit of all available evidence or, even worse, with no charges at all.
This illustrates the critical importance of individuals like the CIA director remaining apolitical. By remaining above the partisan fray, the CIA director can preserve credibility in cases where difficult national security choices might also resolve to the benefit of the president or their compatriots. One can only hope that officials keep national security interests in mind when they weigh the protection of intelligence equities. In a case with stakes as high as this one, it's fair to wonder whether Pompeo's record qualifies them to discharge that awesome responsibility.
Search us! Search The Word Detective and our family of websites: This is the easiest way to find a column on a particular word or phrase. To search for a specific phrase, put it between quotation marks. Comments are closed. Unfortunately, new comments on posts on this site have been suspended because of my illness. Previously approved comments will remain visible. I deeply appreciate the erudition and energy of our commenters. Your contributions to this site have been invaluable. But I can no longer devote the time necessary to separate good comments from the hundreds of spam comments submitted. Because Wordpress weirdly doesn't allow me to simply turn off comments en masse, comment boxes will still appear at the foot of posts.
Qualm Home Gild the lily / Exception proves the rule » Nope Just say no? Dear Word Detective: The word “nope,” which I use more often than Mrs. Higgenbottom would approve, raised my curiosity to the point of looking for its origins. I turned to your column, and nope, it wasn't there. I looked in the Wiktionary site and it said “nope” is probably from “ope” which is a shortened form of some word I can't remember how to spell right now, which is okay because I don't believe it, anyway. “Nope” is derived from “no,” isn't it, the hard consonant added to make it more emphatic? And when did it first appear? — B. L. Good question. Incidentally, I'd have made a lousy primary school English teacher, because I've never really had any burning desire to correct other people's grammar and usage. Ask me what word or form is commonly preferred, and I'll be happy to tell you, but scribbling stern red ink on student essays is beyond my bailiwick. Dipping my toe in Geezer Pond, however, I must admit that if I were a teacher today and received papers written in “txt-speak,” I might well lose it. Of course, I'm probably not immune, and soon I'll be getting queries from the cell folk about the origin of “j2luk” or “plez.” Oddly enough, neither of those inventions (meaning “just to let you know” and “please,” respectively) is listed in Wiktionary, which is an open-source dictionary modeled on Wikipedia's write-it-yourself approach. Omg! It took me a bit of puzzling to figure out where that connection to “ope” came from, since “nope” meaning “no” has nothing to do with any such word. But what Wiktionary does not make very clear is that there are actually several “nopes” in English. As a noun, one “nope” means “a blow to the head” (probably from the obsolete and mysterious English dialect word “nolp”). Another “nope” is a common English regional dialect term for the bird known as the bullfinch (Pyrrhula pyrrhula). This “nope” is thought to have arisen from “ope,” a variant of “alp,” another name for the bullfinch, through a process known as “metanalysis,” where one letter in a phrase (in this case, “an ope”) migrates to the other word (becoming “a nope”) The same linguistic process transformed the original “a napron” (from the Old French “naperon,” small tablecloth) into our familiar “an apron” several hundred years ago. Our “nope” meaning “no” is, technically, an adverb, often used as an interjection, and is an American invention. Your hunch is, of course, absolutely right. This “nope” is simply “no” with a very emphatic (but linguistically meaningless) “p” sound stuck on the end, much as “p” is appended to “yeah” to produce the more abrupt and emphatic “yep.” The “p” in both cases is a signal to the listener that the matter is not up for discussion (“‘Have you been in Europe before?' ‘Nope,' they replied shortly,” 1918). The earliest citation for “nope” in print found so far is surprisingly recent, from 1888. But “nope” was almost certainly in common use long before that date, kept out of print as “improper colloquial usage” by the Mrs. Higgenbottoms of the day. Tweet Pin It Qualm Home Gild the lily / Exception proves the rule »
It's no secret that we've got a thing for gingers. We've already introduced you to our top 10 favorite red headed models and today we're lucky enough to get a sneak preview of Red Hot -- Vivid , a film and photography exhibition celebrating some mighty fine ginger dudes. The brainchild of London-based artist Thomas Knights, the show is part of the photographer's ongoing series that attempts to "re-brand the ginger male stereotype." The show made its first debut this past December and the images below will appear in a secret pop-up gallery in London's Covent Garden area that opens this Friday, May 9 for a private view and will continue through June 1. Aside from giving you the chance to ogle portraits of muscle-y Prince Harry-types, the project has been working for a noble cause: it's already raised £6000 (about $11,000) for anti-bulling charities. We hear that the next iteration is going to be a coffee table book called "Red Hot 100" and will feature the "100 sexiest RED HOT guys in the world." And, lucky for us New Yorkers who won't be able to jet off to London to see this pop-up, the coffee table will be coming Stateside to make its debut at NYC's BOSI gallery (48 Orchard St.) this September before it tours the globe. In the meantime, take a peek at some hottt gingas, below.
Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights Hot Gingers Previous Next photo by Thomas Knights
Taglines: They beat him. They deprived him. They ridiculed him. They broke their heart. But they couldn't break their spirit.
Bullied at school and ignored and abused at home by their indifferent mother and older brother, Billy Casper ( David Bradley ), a 15-year-old working-class Yorkshire boy, tames and trains their pet kestrel falcon whom they name Kes. Helped and encouraged by their English teacher Mr. Farthing ( Colin Welland ) and their fellow students, Billy finally finds a positive purpose to their unhappy existence, until tragedy strikes. Written by alfiehitchie
Did You Know?
Trivia In an interview for the book "Loach on Loach", director Ken Loach said that they regretted the portrayal of Jud in the film. Loach said that they had made Jud into too much of a brute and had not focused enough on the hardships that they faced as a coal miner. In an interview for the book "Loach on Loach", director Ken Loach said that they regretted the portrayal of Jud in the film. Loach said that they had made Jud into too much of a brute and had not focused enough on the hardships that they faced as a coal miner. See more
Goofs When Mr Sugden is dancing down the pitch in the early part of the match, they shout various instructions and admonitions to Speed. Speed was on Tibbutt's team and was their first choice. When Mr Sugden is dancing down the pitch in the early part of the match, they shout various instructions and admonitions to Speed. Speed was on Tibbutt's team and was their first choice. See more
Crazy Credits The majority of the crew were listed simply under the heading "This film was made by..." without each person's specific job title (director of photography, sound recordist, editor etc) being given. The majority of the crew were listed simply under the heading "This film was made by..." without each person's specific job title (director of photography, sound recordist, editor etc) being given. See more
Alternate Versions Compared to the version currently released on DVD and VHS, there is a slightly longer edit with differences in certain scenes. The extra minutes come mostly from the scene when Bill is questioned by their classmates about their falcon: there are more questions asked. In addition, certain scenes in this version have dialogue in the base dialect whereas the version on current release has more standardized speech. This is particularly notable in the opening scene when Jud gets up for work, and in the scene when Jud bullies Billy about their new book. Compared to the version currently released on DVD and VHS, there is a slightly longer edit with differences in certain scenes. The extra minutes come mostly from the scene when Bill is questioned by their classmates about their falcon: there are more questions asked. In addition, certain scenes in this version have dialogue in the base dialect whereas the version on current release has more standardized speech. This is particularly notable in the opening scene when Jud gets up for work, and in the scene when Jud bullies Billy about their new book. See more
This article is over 2 years old
The former deputy leader of the New South Wales Labor party claims victory early in the night in the seat of Barton, in Sydney's southern suburbs
Australia will have the first Indigenous woman elected to the lower house of the federal parliament, with Linda Burney claiming victory in the marginal seat of Barton.
Burney, the former deputy leader of the New South Wales Labor party, called their election in the southern Sydney seat on Saturday night.
The Wiradjuri woman resigned from the NSW parliament in March and announced they were running for the federal seat of Barton. The seat was a marginal Liberal one but after redistribution became a notionally marginal Labor seat.
Burney claimed victory after 7pm on Saturday.
“Wonderful, wonderful,” Burney told Sky News.
“Barton has created history tonight in Australia by electing the first indigenous woman to the House of Representatives.”
Allan Clarke (@AllanJClarke) This is 2nd time Linda Burney has made history,she was first Aboriginal person elected to NSW parliament in 2003 #IndigenousVotes #ausvotes
They thanked their supporters and said the support in the community had been “astounding”.
“There was some ugliness earlier in the day at the booths and [everything and] the kitchen sink has been thrown in the last couple of days,” they said.
A record number of Indigenous candidates stood in this year's federal election for various parties with eight women and five men running for parliament.
Burney used their last speech in the NSW parliament to criticise the “paternalistic” approach to Aboriginal affairs.
Burney ran against Liberal MP Nickolas Varvaris.
Just like coffee, most people love beer. While it's simple to brew coffee, home brewing beer is a bit more time intensive. While making beer used to be limited to the experts (and the people with a lot of patience), a startup is aiming to bring DIY brewing to the masses.
The Brewie stands apart from traditional DIY beer systems because it provides complete control over the brewing process – from mashing to sparging to hopping and all the way to cooling – with all steps manageable through a web interface or companion mobile app.
Beginners and experts alike can brew up to 20 liters of beer (or two bottles per day) at 30 cents per bottle. The machine also uses 87 percent less water and 91 percent less energy than traditional brewing processes.
Similar to the K-Cups for the Keruig, the Brewie offers pre-made packets with the ingredients ready to go. These are called Brewie Pads – square pouches each containing the malt, hops, and yeast for brews. There's also an included RFID card which holds the beer recipe. Users simply scan the card, add the ingredients, and the brewing begins. All the measurements are handled by the machine.
Unlike the Keurig, the Brewie doesn't lock users into using their products. Users are able to select their own ingredients, leading to endless possibilities. The machine is also self-cleaning.
There's even an online community in the works where brewers can learn from the experts, follow others, and collect/share recipes. The machine is compatible with the Beer XML standard which enables users to download recipes from Brewer's Friend and BeerSmith.
The Brewie originally gained traction through their IndieGoGo campaigns which raised $725,369 – 223% more than the original goal. The additional funds have been used to add a few extra features such as more durable pumps, the ability to add hops during the brewing process, and safer casings which enable the user to see into the machine without having to open it.
You can pre-order a Brewie for $1,799 plus $50-$180 for shipping depending on your location. IndieGoGo orders are expected to ship in February 2016, and website pre-orders are expected to ship in March 2016. It is relevant to note that in their pre-order terms, they say that they are not offering refunds and that the delivery date is just an estimate.
If the Brewie is beyond your budget or you want to stick to more hands-on brewing methods, Instructables has a pretty great DIY guide to making beer. After checking out Brewie though, that does look like a lot of work…
Early life Edit
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir was born in Reykjavík on 15 April 1930. Them father, Finnbogi Rútur Þorvaldsson, was a civil engineer, as well as a professor at the University of Iceland. Them mother, Sigríður Eiríksdóttir, was a nurse and the chairperson of the Icelandic Nurses Association. They had two children: Vigdís and then a son,[3] Þorvaldur, a year later. After passing their matriculation exam in 1949, Vigdís studied French and French literature at the University of Grenoble and the Sorbonne in Paris from 1949 to 1953, then studied the history of theater at the University of Copenhagen. They then acquired a BA in French and English, as well as a Professional Graduate Certificate in Education, at the University of Iceland. They married a physician in 1954, but divorced in 1963, and at the age of 41 they adopted a daughter, being the first single woman who was allowed to adopt a child.[4] Vigdís participated in the 1960s and 1970s in numerous rallies held to protest against the U.S. military presence in Iceland (and in particular at Keflavík). Every year hundreds—sometimes thousands—walked the 50-km road to Keflavík and chanted "Ísland úr NATO, herinn burt" (literally: Iceland out of NATO, the military away).
Artistic and academic career Edit
President of Iceland Edit
The Icelandic women's movement has a long history. During the International Women's Year in 1975 Icelandic women attracted great attention when they organized a general strike to show how important women's undervalued work was. 90 per cent of the Icelandic women went on strike. And at the presidential election in 1980 the women's movement focused on electing a woman. After much persuasion Vigdís accepted to run against three male candidates. They were the first woman in the world to be elected as head of state in a democratic election, despite being a divorced single mother. They were narrowly elected, with 33.6 percent of the national vote, while their nearest rival got 32.1 percent. They became very popular and was subsequently reelected three times, unopposed in 1984, with 94.6 percent of the votes against another woman in 1988 and unopposed in 1992. In 1996 they decided not to run for reelection. Although the Icelandic presidency is largely a ceremonial position,[4] Vigdís took an active role as environmental activist and fought for Icelandic language and culture, acting as a cultural ambassador in promoting the country. They emphasized the role of smaller states and hosted a crucial summit between U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1986. They had as their motto: 'Never let the women down' and worked specifically to promote girls' education. They were also aware of their role as a model for young women.[5] In 1993, the work Mitt Folk, commissioned by the British government, by the composer Oliver Kentish was dedicated to them as a gift from the United Kingdom to Iceland celebrating the 50th anniversary of the republic.[6]
Retirement Edit
Since 1998, Vigdís Finnbogadóttir has been UNESCO's Goodwill Ambassador for languages.  They are also a member of the Fondation Chirac's honour committee,[7] ever since the foundation was launched in 2008 by former French president Jacques Chirac in order to promote world peace.
Honours Edit
See also Edit
If you've been following my blog for a while, you probably know that I'm a huge burger fan! Although the words “healthy” and “burger” are seldom used in the same sentence, they don't necessarily have to be contrary. Veggie burgers can actually be super healthy! My new favorite veggie burger is this vegan mushroom burger with chickpeas, oats, and lots of fresh parsley. It's super delicious, incredibly healthy, and just perfect for fall and winter!
When making vegan burgers, you often got the problem that the burgers are really delicious but don't hold together very well. Or they're sticking together, but the texture just doesn't seem right. Either it's too soft or too crumbly. I've tried tons of vegan burger recipes over the last couple of years and I think veggie patties with chickpeas are by far the best. They're really firm and have a great texture. I'd say together with lentil burgers chickpea burgers are my absolute favorite! Check out my lentil burger with basil mayonnaise if you like to give it a try.
The combination of rolled oats and ground flaxseeds also works really well for vegan burgers. For this vegan mushroom burger, I used cooked chickpeas, flaxseeds, rolled oats, whole wheat breadcrumbs, and a grated carrot. And of course mushrooms!! To make these veggie burgers even firmer, I ground half of the rolled oats into a powder. Or you could also call it oat flour. Either way it really helps with the texture of these veggie burgers. Just use your blender or food processor and pulse the oats for a couple of seconds.
We usually have pan-fried burgers, but lately I've started to make them in the oven. This also works really well for these vegan mushrooms burgers. They got really crispy and you can save lots of oil and unnecessary calories this way. Plus, it's actually much easier to just put them in the oven and wait till they're ready to eat, right? I baked them for 30 minutes and flipped them over after the first 15 minutes. So it's all pretty easy.
I served these vegan mushroom burgers on whole wheat buns with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and a sunflower tomato spread. The spread was store-bought, so I don't have an exact recipe for it. But if you can't find anything similar, the burgers will also be great with ketchup and mustard or any other burger sauce.
I hope you like this vegan mushroom burger as much as we do around here. Have a great weekend! Sina – xx
By: Mariel Carbone
July 26, 2016
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WCTV)-- Sixty dollars and a hopeful patient.
“I thank you for the hope of getting better,” said Dallas Nagy.
Tuesday, Nagy became the first person to receive medical marijuana in store at Trulieve, after purchasing Low-THC in the form of gel capsules. The Tallahassee shop is the first medical cannabis dispensary to open in the state of Florida.
Trulieve's CEO Kim Rivers called it a “historic day” for Florida and the future of medical cannabis.
Currently, the store only stocks Low-THC products, which come in four forms: the gel capsule, two forms of oil and a vapor. In August, it'll also stock High-THC.
“It's very exciting, it's very emotional,” said Rosalyn Deckerhoff, whose 20-year-old son Barrett suffers from epilepsy. They hope they can soon receive the medication too.
But it's not that easy. Qualified patients must have a 90 day relationship with a qualified doctor. And right now, there's not many.
To qualify as a patient, you must be terminally ill, suffer or show signs of cancer or a chronic illness that causes seizures or muscle spasms. For a doctor to be able to order the drug, they must complete an eight hour course, take an exam and register with the state.
Currently, Barrett is about one month into this three-month time period. And, Rosalyn is hopeful for the future.
“It's awful of course. Seizures are terrible. It's a very horrible, utterly dangerous disease,” they said. "So anything that might reduce their seizures and just give them a better quality of life, we want.”
For others in the store, Tuesday's sale means more than just a potential new drug.
“We're able to relinquish the title of ‘criminal' that we were forced to embrace in order to save our children's live,” said Moriah Barnhart, who co-founded the advocacy group 'Cannamoms.' Them child suffers from brain cancer, and they say their daughter is one of the youngest patients in the state taking medical marijuana.
Supporters hope future legislation can expand who can receive it, and what illnesses qualify.
“For all patients, of all ailments and all ages,” said Barnhart.
But for now, advocates and patients celebrate, one purchase at a time.
By: Mariel Carbone
July 25, 2016
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WCTV)-- The first medical marijuana dispensary in the state of Florida officially opens its doors Tuesday.
Trulieve, located on Capital Circle Southeast, held a soft opening Monday. The Tallahassee store begins selling Low-THC cannabis this week, and will follow with High-THC cannabis in August.
In order to qualify for medical cannabis, patients must suffer from or show signs of cancer, or a chronic illness causing seizures or muscle spasms. Or, they must be terminally ill.
To recommend or order the drug for a patient, doctors must have a three month history with the patient, plus take an eight hour course followed by an exam. During this course, they learn about all known evidence about the use of medical cannabis, including situations our laws don't even allow yet. Doctors also learn the difference between federal and state law.
Dr. Ken Brummel-Smith, medical director for Trulieve, is one of three doctors in Tallahassee who have completed the course. They said one of the biggest things emphasized during the course is the importance of starting low and going slow when prescribing medical cannabis.
“A person who is using it, the THC kind, will titrate, or take small, very small doses. And then wait for a little bit of time and see how it's affecting them. And then take another dose in 15, or 20 minutes later to see how it's affecting them. And they themselves ultimately control the right dosage,” said Brummel-Smith
Although they have completed the course, Brummel-Smith does not qualify to actually order medical marijuana for a patient because state law says dispensary medical directors are not allowed to prescribe.
Still, not all doctors are for the use of medical marijuana. Brummel-Smith said there is a lack of research done into its use and effects because research on the drug was illegal prior to the legalization of medical marijuana. And, although there is a lot of research done in other countries, including Israel, the research is not as extensive as many doctors would like.
What's really at the heart of the matter is the difference between state and federal law. Many worry this is all just a way to get around federal law, and that the drug will end up in the hands of recreational pot uses. But, others argue this can, and does, happen with other drugs and view this situation as no different than that of any other drug.
The US Attorney General said they won't prosecute doctors who recommend medical marijuana if their state has laws on it. Still, it's technically illegal to “prescribe it.” So states like Florida have built a system around that.
"Physicians order or approve medical marijuana. They're not prescribing it because they don't write it on a prescription,” said Brummel-Smith. “You have to say that the patient is eligible and meets all the necessary criteria, and then you have to register that patient with the state registry in the Office of Compassionate Use.”
Doctors must also register with the office, pending a completion of the continuing education course. A full list of doctors in the state of Florida who have done so, can be found at www.floridahealth.gov/programs-and-services/office-of-compassionate-use/.
By: Mariel Carbone
July 21, 2016
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WCTV) -- From nursery, to storefront. Patients can purchase their prescription for medical cannabis in Tallahassee starting Tuesday.
“It's exciting. We have so many elderly people, with so many issues. A lot of veterans, people come to retire here that have issues,” said Donia Ward, an FSU student from Tampa.
"It's a natural based way to help cure or minimize the effects of cancer on a body,” said Melissa Moses, of Tallahassee.
Trulieve is one of the six dispensaries approved by the state to sell medical marijuana in Florida. It's the first to actually open its doors.
Trulieve CEO Kim Rivers says it's been a long time coming.
"We have just felt like it's really important. These patients have been waiting for medicine a long time,” said Rivers. “The sooner we felt we could get it into their hands, we feel it's the right thing to do."
Starting Tuesday, the store will begin filling prescription for low THC doses. Patients can receive it in four different forms, including a gel capsule, two types of oils – one taken through a syringe, the other using a dropper-- and a vapor. In August, the store will stock high doses of THC.
For some, it's a welcomed medical advancement.
"I think it'll be a good thing for people that aren't necessarily trying to get into some of these really heavy pharmaceuticals, but at the same time, something that'll help with the pain and at least get their mind of it,” said Chase Rolling, of Tallahassee.
To prescribe medical cannabis, doctors must follow strict protocols. First, they must complete the Low THC Cannabis Continuing Medical Education course. That's sponsored by the Florida Medical Association and the Florida Osteopathic Medical Association. It's a two-hour course, plus an exam. Then, they must be added to a physician registry by the Office of Compassionate Use.
In order to physically receive a prescription, a patient must meet specific qualifications. They must either suffer from or show signs of cancer, a chronic illness that causes seizures or muscle spasms, or a terminal illness.
If a patient qualifies, they will be assigned an identification number and added to a patient registry through the state.
"When you come in, the first question that will be asked is to verify you're in the patient registry,” said Rivers. “So that unique identifier that is issued by the Department of Health and the Office of Compassionate Use. Eventually there will be cards that'll be issued. You'll have to be verified before you're allowed into the secure area where we'll be offering products."
Even with these processes, we spoke to plenty of people off camera who have reservations. They worry the shop will also attract those looking for recreational drug use.
But, Rivers said they hope people change their minds once they actually see the store.
"We're not selling glass or rolling papers or anything of that nature,” they said. “This is a really highly regulated specific medicine."
By: WCTV Eyewitness News
July 20, 2016
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WCTV) -- A Tallahassee medical marijuana dispensary is the first in the state of Florida to receive authorization from the Florida Department of Health.
Trulieve dispensary says it will open next week and begin sales, becoming the first dispensary in the state of Florida to open its doors.
The company has a press conference scheduled for its location at 800 Capital Circle SE next Tuesday at 2 p.m.
“We are happy to announce that we have passed all inspections — from growing and processing to dispensing — and are the very first medical cannabis provider in the state to receive these formal authorizations. And we are most excited to get this much anticipated medicine to the patients of Florida,” said Trulieve CEO Kim Rivers.
Trulieve will have low-THC cannabis available for statewide delivery immediately, the company says. Medical marijuana with higher levels of THC is expected to be available in August.
A Newbury Comics exclusive audio cassette.
For those of you hiding away in a cabin of your own, it's time that you hear the story, and more importantly, the music. Bon Iver (pronounced: bohn eevair; French for "good winter" and spelled wrong on purpose) is a greeting, a celebration and a sentiment. Bon Iver's debut full-length "For Emma, Forever Ago" is a new statement of an artist moving on and establishing the groundwork for a lasting career. For Emma, Forever Ago is the debut of this lineage of songs. As a whole, the record is entirely cohesive throughout and remains centered around a particular aesthetic, prompted by the time and place for which it was recorded. Justin Vernon, the primary force behind Bon Iver, seems to have tested their boundaries to the maximum, and in doing so has managed to break free from any pre-cursing or finished forms. It wasn't planned. The goal was to hibernate. Vernon moved to a remote cabin in the woods of Northwestern Wisconsin at the onset of winter. They lived there alone for three months, filling their days with wood splitting and other chores around the land. This solitary time slowly began feeding a bold, uninhibited new musical focus. The days slowly evolved into nights filled with twelve-hour recording blocks, breaking only for trips on the tractor into the pines to saw and haul firewood, or for frozen sunrises high up a deer stand. All of their personal trouble, lack of perspective, heartache, longing, love, loss and guilt that had been stock piled over the course of the past six years, was suddenly purged into the form of song.
\$\begingroup\$
Smalltalk
This creates a new method on the fly, which
creates a new method on the fly, which
creates a new method on the fly, which
...
...
..
and then transfers to it.
An extra little spice comes from stressing stack memory AND heap memory at the same time, by creating both a longer and longer method name, and a huge number as receiver, as we fall down the hole... (but the recursion hits us first).
compile in Integer:
downTheRabbitHole |name deeperName nextLevel| nextLevel := self * 2. name := thisContext selector. deeperName := (name , '_') asSymbol. Class withoutUpdatingChangesDo:[ nextLevel class compile:deeperName , (thisContext method source copyFrom:name size+1). ]. Transcript show:self; showCR:' - and down the rabbit hole...'. "/ self halt. "/ enable for debugging nextLevel perform:deeperName.
then jump, by evaluating "2 downTheRabbitHole" ...
...after a while, you'll end up in a debugger, showing a RecursionException.
Then you have to cleanup all the mess (both SmallInteger and LargeInteger now have a lot of wonderland code):
{SmallInteger . LargeInteger } do:[:eachInfectedClass | (eachInfectedClass methodDictionary keys select:[:nm| nm startsWith:'downTheRabbitHole_']) do:[:each| eachInfectedClass removeSelector:each]
or else spend some time in the browser, removing alice's wonderland.
Here is some from the head of the trace:
2 - and down the rabbit hole... 4 - and down the rabbit hole... 8 - and down the rabbit hole... 16 - and down the rabbit hole... [...] 576460752303423488 - and down the rabbit hole... 1152921504606846976 - and down the rabbit hole... 2305843009213693952 - and down the rabbit hole... [...] 1267650600228229401496703205376 - and down the rabbit hole... 2535301200456458802993406410752 - and down the rabbit hole... 5070602400912917605986812821504 - and down the rabbit hole... [...] 162259276829213363391578010288128 - and down the rabbit hole... 324518553658426726783156020576256 - and down the rabbit hole... [...] and so on...
PS: the "withoutUpdatingChangesFile:" was added to avoid having to cleanup Smalltalk's persistent change-log file afterwards.
PPS: thanks for the challenge: thinking about something new and innovative was fun!
PPPS: I like to note that some Smalltalk dialects/versions copy overflowing stack frames to the heap - so these may run into an out-of-memory situation instead.
Mesut Ozil insists Arsenal must learn from their 'devastating' and 'humiliating' Champions League exit
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil insists the Gunners can learn from their Champions League humiliation at the hands of Bayern Munich and come back stronger.
For the seventh consecutive season, Arsenal were knocked out of Europe's premier competition at the last-16 stage, as they were beaten 5-1 home and away by Carlo Ancelotti's Bayern.
The Gunners sit seventh in the Premier League table, nine points off fourth-placed Liverpool. Arsenal next travel to Middlesbrough on their second successive Monday Night Football, live on Sky Sports 1HD, following last week's comprehensive 3-0 defeat by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Such results have seen pressure mount on manager Arsene Wenger this season. The Frenchman's future is yet to be determined at the Emirates Stadium with their contract set to expire this summer, while Germany international Ozil and forward Alexis Sanchez have little over a year remaining on their existing deals.
However, while admitting that Arsenal's humbling at the hands of the German champions was a career low point, Ozil also sees it as a chance for the Gunners to improve.
Watch a preview of the Monday Night Football clash as Arsenal travel to the Riverside Stadium to face Middlesbrough Watch a preview of the Monday Night Football clash as Arsenal travel to the Riverside Stadium to face Middlesbrough
"The devastating loss at Bayern Munich this season is undoubtedly one of the darkest hours of my footballing career," Ozil says in their book 'Gunning for Glory', which is being serialised in the Mail on Sunday. "It's in the top five of the most humiliating defeats I've suffered.
Arsenal were beaten 10-2 by Munich over two legs, in what Ozil describes as their 'darkest hour'
"We were positively prepared for the game. Arsene Wenger had revealed to us their game plan. They were very clear about their ideas - and they were good ones.
"Our intention was to go all out for Bayern's central defender Mats Hummels; to prevent them from opening up the game which they do so brilliantly. We wanted to force them to play the ball to Javi Martinez, who's also a fine central defender but who isn't great at opening up the game.
The futures of Arsene Wenger and Mesut Ozil remain unclear
"In this way we hoped we'd be able to stop Bayern from building up the play at an early stage and disrupt their rhythm.
"Of course I could go on about why our game plan didn't work. I could look for excuses. But I'm not going to. What went on between us in the dressing room after the match is nobody's business, nor is what Wenger considered our failures to be in their post-match analysis.
"The fact is, we all failed. We were all bad! We played a game that held a mirror up to our faces.
Ozil has struggled in a poor campaign for the Gunners
"It was a performance we can't just brush aside. No, we have to learn our lessons from it. We all have to ask searching questions of ourselves and accept responsibility for the defeat. All the players, all the trainers, even the management. Because this fiasco also represents a great opportunity!
"In my footballing life I've often fallen flat on my face and been knocked to the ground. But I've always got up again and won victories and titles following the defeat.
"This defeat by Bayern will produce something good at the end too."
New NOW TV customers: Grab a Sky Sports Month Pass and watch all the action, including Middlesbrough v Arsenal. All for just £25.
Donald Trump has called for barring Muslims from entering the United States, argued for surveillance of mosques and suggested he'd be open to creating a registry of American Muslims.
Still, the Republican front-runner has some fans among the American Muslim community, which is made up of 3.3. a million people, representing roughly one percent of the U.S. population.
recent poll of 2,000 Muslim voters in six states by the Council on American-Islamic Relations found Trump in third place, after Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, with 11 percent saying they would support him.
Here's what three Muslim Trump supporters said about their thinking.
Adam Warshauer, 37, Delray Beach, Fla.
Yana Paskova
Background: They were born to a Jewish father and Christian mother, and became a Sufi Muslim after being introduced to the faith by a man they met at 22. Politically, they say they identify most as an Independent. Warshauer plans to support Trump, especially if they win Tuesday''s primary elections and goes on to become the Republican nominee for president.
Why He's Voting Trump: Warshauer says they do not believe Trump wants to ban Muslims from entering the country because of a dislike for them, but because they want to solve terrorism. “”Most are outraged at Trump saying they want to ban Muslims from entering America, but I support that as a Muslim person, because we have to stop what is happening and work with other Muslim countries to stop terrorism. If you stop Muslims from entering the country, it forces everyone to look at the problem.” They add that terrorist groups like “ISIS are hurting Islam. “Who wants to become Muslim when it is associated with terrorism?”” They add that Trump is more approachable than other Republican candidates such as Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.
“An example of Trump being a problem solver is their proposal for building the wall along the Mexico border—that's a solution to legal immigration. I also connect with them because of how much they care about the heroin issue—he says it's a problem and they want to fix it. But I am worried about their approach to foreign policy, since they are a bit aggressive. Then again, Putin respects them and that's good; we want Putin to respect our country.”
“Trump says a lot of dumb things, and I'd like to help him. I'm not necessarily a ‘Trump Trump Trump!' fist pumper, but I am being a realist, and if they are going to win, I want to support them to make the best decisions for our country. I feel that supporting them as a candidate is the best way to reach them and for me to get involved and effect positive change.”
Omar Alkadri, 52, Boca Raton, Fla.
Yana Paskova
Background: Alkadri gained citizenship after they immigrated to the U.S. from Syria in 1990. They operate a check-cashing business and says they were a four-time Democratic presidential voter—twice for Bill Clinton and twice for President Obama.
Why He's Voting Trump: Alkadri is interested in voting for Trump in Florida's primary election. They say the deficit has increased under President Obama, and that instability in the U.S. economy and joblessness affect the well-being on business owners like himself. ““Obama''s strategy was hope, but hope doesn't do anything on its own. It is just a word that makes people dream.””
They say that Trump's anti-Islamic language bothered them at the beginning, but “it isn't something that has to be made into a big issue.”
To fix this country, Trump does need to step back a bit from extreme language, Alkadri says, adding they do not believe Trumps means the inflammatory things they say, and that they are simply pandering for votes: “American fanatics like to hear them talk in extremes; he's a hero to them. But it's just a little bit of entertainment and fascination.”
“I hope Trump gets all communities together, Muslim, Jewish and Hispanic. We need all of the country coming together. They don't mean it when they say they want to build a wall along Mexico. You cannot build a wall for hundreds of miles—it just costs too much money,” they add.
Alkadri says they also liked former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush but felt they were unable to get their message across to voters. On Cruz: “Cruz doesn't have the heart to bring people together, but you look at Trump and they fill large spaces with people.”
Raed Hamdan, 41, in Boca Raton, Fla.
Background: Hamdan owns a few Metro PCS stores in Florida. Their parents immigrated to the U.S. from Palestine.
Why He's Voting Trump: Hamdan says they are most interested in voting for Trump in Florida's primary election in part because they are the only candidate to say they prioritize making peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. Hamdan says they are not behind Trump 100% because of things they say about Muslims, but that a candidate's ability to self-finance and “not looking to others for handouts” is most important.
“Is they reckless with what they say? Yes. Is there a lot of cleaning up to do in the country? Yes. Being a billionaire, I can't see anyone buying him—paying them off to push them in one direction or another. This guy is reckless but at least you know what's on their mind.”
They say they do not support Trump's anti-immigrant commentary, but that they aren't particularly threatened by it either. “Obama said they wanted to shut down Guantanamo, but it is still there. Whether Trump wants to build a wall along Mexico or deport Muslims or not, they can't make it happen on their own. This has to be voted on.”
“All of us, in this country, are immigrants or have immigrant roots. Trump does too, and so do all their wives. But do immigrants hurt or help the economy? I think immigrants hurt the economy. Look at it this way: an immigrant wants to come here to better their home. So where is most of their money going—here or back home? If all of their money is going back out to another country, how is the U.S. benefiting from that?”
Hamdan says they haven't looked too much into the other candidates, but that they don't trust Clinton, especially after revelations of their private email server. They say they have always leaned toward the Democratic party “because the Republicans always want to go to war. But Obama was a Democrat and they didn't exactly keep us out of any wars.”
But now, Hamdan says they identify more with the Republican Party. “Democrats are more about taking more from the people and giving back to the welfare system, dividing the wealth. Republicans distribute wealth more fairly to business owners.”
Yana Paskova is a freelance photographer based in New York.
Jacob Eason, the 5-star wunderkind from Washington state who oozes talent, who has one year of collegiate hard knocks under their belt, who is complemented with talented and experienced weapons returning this fall, carries a burden of expectation rarely seen, even in demanding SEC circles.
“It isn't 2016 anymore,” scream the legions of championship-starved Georgia loyalists who will inhabit Sanford Stadium and surrounding living rooms and sports bars in the Peach State, expecting greatness from the sophomore and the seemingly loaded team that will surround him.
They will expect Eason, solid if not spectacular in handling their first helping of pressure as a first-year student, to rocket upward on that career-defining arc that takes them from OK to extraordinary. The arc that changes the way their own fans and, more importantly, opposing fans and defensive coordinators view him.
Right now, Eason is still a question mark, teetering between what Georgia prays they will become and what it fears they might only be.
He's still a curiosity. So equipped with talent and so ready to take the reins and lead the Bulldogs to the SEC East title that many predict they will finally capture again after five years. But also still so unproven because they got eaten alive at Ole Miss, because they were the latest Georgia quarterback to not beat Florida, because they came up short against hated rival Georgia Tech and because they lost to Vanderbilt, at home, with their team only managing 16 points.
It was another season in the seemingly endless Georgia spin cycle of talent not equaling the proper amount of wins when you compute the final record. The Bulldogs went 8-5 in 2016 and were 4-4 in the SEC, and lord knows Eason wasn't recruited to go 8-5 and 4-4 and beat TCU by a measly touchdown in the Liberty Bowl.
They were lured across the country by Kirby Smart and their offensive assistants to play in and win bowl games in the month of January, and because they lost five games as a learn-on-the-job first-year student in a high-profile program that has long teased its fans with talented teams that have come up short in the biggest moments, Eason will be expected to ease many years of pain in 2017.
To wonder if all this is fair to Eason, as well as their team and Smart, is to question the frustration of Georgia fans who've had to watch Florida go to SEC championship games as if it was a December ritual while they stewed and settled for the Outback Bowl. Or the aging alumni spoiled by that sudden thrust of title glory in 1980 who have had to cringe as Alabama put more and more national championships on its tote board.
Smart was part of this still-ticking Alabama dynasty, and they took their own first-year lumps as their quarterback did, and they have their own boxes to check off this fall as they try to prove they can be a championship coach as the head man. In so many ways their burden of expectation is tied to Eason's, but Smart will most likely be in Athens for many years.
What they don't lug around is another layer that Eason carries into this fall: the burden of time. Even if they do turn out to be a four-year college quarterback, that means there are three more chances to get it right, which sounds like a lot but really isn't.
And if he's destined to be just a stat machine who can't lead in the biggest of moments and can't win that coveted national crown between the hedges and they only stays for three years, then that takes them down to two more falls to be remembered as more than just that 5-star kid who couldn't ease Athens' pain.
Either way, the sands in Eason's fictional, red-colored hourglass are moving, even right now through the summer as they stare into a season that will challenge them 100 times more than last year's crash course. He'll have had a full offseason to work with offensive coordinator Jim Chaney, and he'll step into that fierce humidity of fall camp knowing where to go and what to say and what not to say.
In other words, he'll have all those intangible advantages they didn't enjoy last year, when they still managed to throw for 2,430 yards and 16 touchdowns to just eight interceptions. It wasn't bad. But there was the 55 percent completion percentage that must rise above 60, where the 5-star guys normally reside.
Eason also took 21 sacks, a bit too many to be an SEC East champion, and surely that number must decrease as their awareness in the pocket grows and as Sam Pittman continues to build the offensive line in front of him.
This fall, Eason's most memorable moment can't be against Missouri, with all due respect to the Tigers. Last year, in their first SEC game, on the road, Eason tossed the winning touchdown on fourth down in the final minutes to rescue the Bulldogs from defeat in Columbia. It put a phony, storybook ending to what was really a warning sign that Georgia wasn't ready, still, in 2016, and that Eason, who was an inefficient 29 of 55 that night, was still in the early learning stages of a rigid four-month first-year student course.
As it turned out, that misleading victory only saved Georgia from going 3-5 in the SEC instead of being the launching pad to Eason leading the Bulldogs to something special in 2016. It wasn't fool's gold because Eason can still be something very special as a Georgia quarterback and football figure, but it wasn't what almost every rabid Dawgs fan thought it was on that mid-September night.
To be fair to Eason, we must zoom back again, to the first afternoon of October, with the SEC national TV spotlight on the first-year student and a frenzied-red crowd at Sanford Stadium. Eason's numbers weren't anything special that day against then-unbeaten Tennessee. They were 17 of 28 for 211 yards. But their 47-yard touchdown fling to Riley Ridley with 10 seconds left was absolutely heroic, giving the Bulldogs an improbable 31-28 lead in what looked to be the first Memorable Eason Moment of a storied career.
Of course, that all-time moment dissolved into horror as the senior one-upped the first-year student when Joshua Dobbs' 43-yard Hail Mary was caught at the final gun. The day belonged to Tennessee instead, though Eason did show they could command a pressure-packed moment and throw a winning dart of a touchdown pass when all seemed lost. The first-year student who wasn't always “on” in 2016 planted the first seed that they just might have that special is quality in their arm, mind and heart.
Even if the Tennessee nightmare was just another example of Georgia falling short in the biggest moments, and it was, by the end of this fall, after a few more of those all-time Eason Moments, Bulldogs fans might just look back on that afternoon as the first time they saw greatness out of the kid from Pac-12 country who came 3,000 miles to prove they could win in the SEC.
The stars have seemingly aligned for Eason to make magic this year because Georgia's old stars are back. Sony Michel and Nick Chubb decided to put the NFL on hold for a year, and they certainly didn't put their draft stock and personal health at risk to come back to Athens and go 8-5 or 9-4 or even 10-3. Yes, Eason's top target from a year ago, Isaiah McKenzie, is on the Denver Broncos now. But second-leading receiver Terry Godwin is back, and so are Javon Wims and Ridley.
That offensive line has had another year under Pittman's guidance and got a healthy infusion of talent on National Signing Day. The defense is supposed to be loaded and ready to be among the SEC's elite. Smart and their coaching staff won't be in their first go-around like last fall, when they learned together on the sideline while Eason learned, sometimes the hard way, on the field.
And, once again, the SEC East won't have a dominant team that Georgia can't handle if it performs up to its capabilities for once.
Add up all that encouraging karma and there are no excuses for Eason, not a single fallback to explain away another Bulldogs season gone awry. The pressure is squarely on Georgia and more specifically on the gem of the 2016 recruiting class, who couldn't even be in comfort mode this spring as eager first-year student quarterback Jake Fromm caught the eye of Smart, who went so far as to claim the quarterback job was open.
It made Eason watch a whole lot more film than they had before, to gain some of Smart's attention back, and it was just the kick in the backside Eason needed as they try to transition from 5-star “could be” to sophomore star.
That's all championship-starved Georgia fans want, after all. They just want a return on the success Eason's arrival seemingly promised. They want Eason to be as great as they imagined on that delirious day they confirmed they were coming to Athens.
They want Eason to be the leader of an SEC East champion, an SEC champion, a national champion. They've waited 37 years, since Herschel and Co. They want Eason to help Georgia finally be the one on the right side of those Saturday celebrations and not always the one crying at the end.
They want that career-defining arc to surge upward for Eason in 2017, so high that it never really stops. They want out of that dreaded spin cycle, finally, and believe Eason can be the one, with all those happy intangibles around him, to lead them out.
That's Eason's burden in 2017.
Few parents want their children to hear them arguing, but since conflict is a normal part of any relationship, it can be hard to shield little ones from every spat.
That's OK, as long as parents handle disagreements in a constructive way, says University of Arizona researcher Olena Kopystynska.
Kopystynska, a graduate student in the UA's Norton School of Family and Consumer Sciences in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, studies conflict and conflict resolution. In a new paper, forthcoming in the Journal of Family Psychology, they look at how the way parents handle conflict with each other affects their parenting styles and how emotionally secure their children feel after being exposed to conflict between their parents.
Kopystynska's study focuses on constructive versus destructive styles of conflict management. In constructive conflict management, there is calmness and respect, despite a difference in opinion; the conflict stays focused on one topic; and progress is made toward a resolution. When conflict is handled destructively, there is anger and resentment, and the argument often strays off topic to things that may have happened in the past.
Kopystynska and their colleagues found that when even one parent handles conflict with a partner destructively, it can leave children feeling more emotionally insecure about their home life.
"Children are very good at picking up on little nuances of how parents interact with each other, so it really matters how parents express and manage their daily life challenges because that determines children's confidence in the stability and safety of their family," Kopystynska said. "If parents are hostile toward each other, even children as young as 3 years old may be threatened that their family may be headed toward dissolution. They may not necessarily be able to express their insecurities verbally, but they can feel it."
Stressors Can Feed Strife
Kopystynska's study is based on national data collected for the Building Strong Families Project, which targeted low-income families — a population that could be at high risk for conflict, given the many stressors associated with financial strife. Parents in the study were mostly unmarried and had just conceived their first child at the start of data collection, which was done in three waves.
Kopystynska focused on the third wave of data, collected when the children in the study were 3 years old. Mothers and fathers were surveyed at that point about their perceptions of their conflict management behaviors with each other, and how their children react emotionally when they witness conflict between their parents. While similar studies have relied only on data from mothers, the inclusion of fathers helps provide a more complete picture of what's going on, Kopystynska said.
Kopystynska and their co-authors identified four different profiles of the couples surveyed: couples in which both partners handled conflict constructively; couples in which both partners handled conflict destructively; couples in which the mother was more constructive and the father more destructive; and couples in which the father was more constructive and the mother more destructive.
The researchers further looked at supportive and harsh parenting behaviors, as measured through direct observations of each parent separately interacting with their or their child. Supportive behaviors might include making positive statements, being sensitive to the child's needs and engaging the child in cognitively stimulating ways. Harsh parenting might include forceful or intrusive behaviors or expressions of anger and dissatisfaction toward the child.
Researchers found that fathers' parenting styles did not seem to be affected by how they managed conflict with their partners. In other words, fathers interacted with their children similarly in all profiles. Yet, mothers in the profile in which fathers handled conflict constructively and mothers handled conflict destructively tended to be harsher with their children than mothers in the profile in which both parents handled conflict constructively.
As far as the impact on children's emotional insecurity, researchers found that when one parent handled conflict destructively and the other constructively, children's emotional insecurity was higher than what was reported for children whose parents both handled conflict constructively.
"What we found is that when parents are using constructive conflict management, the children feel less insecure about their family climate, and when at least one parent argues destructively, there are some levels of insecurity about the family relationships," Kopystynska said.
'Arguing Constructively'
Worth noting, Kopystynska said, is that despite a common misconception that most low-income families are at risk for dysfunctional behaviors, very few couples in the study were entirely destructive in their conflict management styles. In fact, only 3 percent of couples in the sample included two partners who handled conflict destructively, suggesting that most couples in the sample participated in healthy and positive conflict patterns.
"There is often a belief out there that if you are a low-income family, you probably have a lot of dysfunction, but over 50 percent of the couples we looked at were arguing constructively," Kopystynska said. "Considering all the stressors they're dealing with, the majority of them still have a good, functional relationship, at least when it comes to conflict."
The fact that the group in which both parents were arguing in destructive ways was so small might help explain one surprising finding of Kopystynska's study — that emotional insecurity levels were lowest for children of these parents. Also contributing to that finding could be the fact that those couples may have broken up and physically separated from each other by the time the data was collected, meaning that children may not have been as directly exposed to their parents' interactions, Kopystynska said.
"Parents who were in the concordant destructive group were less likely to stay together, so they were probably not in the same home, so children were probably not exposed to that interparental conflict," said Kopystynska, whose co-authors on the paper were UA faculty members Melissa Barnett and Melissa Curran, along with Katherine Paschall of the University of Texas, Austin.
In general, Kopystynska said, it's important for parents to be aware of how they interact with each other, and remember that conflict shouldn't necessarily be avoided but handled in a way that makes a child feel less threatened.
"Not all conflict is bad — it's about how you manage it," Kopystynska said. "Given that children are going to encounter conflict out there in the real world, exposure to some conflict can be beneficial. However, it's really how parents handle that conflict that sets the tone for how safe children feel, and may further promote similar conflict management behaviors for when children are confronted with conflict of their own."
Takao Someya Group/University of Tokyo
You can learn a lot about the goings-on of the human body just through the skin. The electrical activity of the heart, for example, is reflected in tiny electrical changes on the skin, which can be observed through electrocardiography. Electromyography reveals the electrical activity of muscles, which may then reveal neuromuscular diseases. Electroencephalography (EEG) gives us a viewport into the workings of the brain. All are powerful tools, but every one of them involves the pasting of unwieldy pads to the skin in a hospital setting.
In a paper published Monday in Nature Nanotechnology, Akihito Miyamoto and colleagues offer an alternative in the form of ultrathin meshes that offer direct integration with the soft surface of the skin. They involve virtually no mechanical footprint while allowing skin to breathe and sweat as normal. Medical uses aside, the new nanomesh technology offers a crucial advance in wearables, generally—a seamless interface between skin and and electronics. In other words, where skin essentially becomes electronics.
Miyamoto's nanomesh is hardly the first push into skin-based interfaces. Over the past several years, light-based and biochemical sensors have been laminated onto human skin for a variety of purposes, including skin-based displays and electrical, chemical, and physical sensors. Some implementations are even designed for long-term use, offering, for example, the possibility of persistent brain-machine interfaces via soft, foldable electrodes.
A key limitation of prior efforts has been the necessity of a substrate, a thin base layer that connects electronics to skin. Substrates limit things in several ways, including overall softness, weight, and gas permeability. They just don't breathe very well.
The nanomesh described in the new paper offers a substrate-free interface. That's the advance. The mesh here is constructed on a basis of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA), a synthetic water-soluble polymer that's already used in a variety of medical applications. The result is gas-permeable, doesn't block sweat glands, and stretchable enough to be worn for long periods without discomfort.
"Touch, temperature and pressure sensors placed on the fingertips are connected by mesh conductors with an e-textile system using a wireless module," the paper explains.
Miyamoto's group performed experiments in which patches were worn for one week with no resulting inflammation. Moreover, the mesh is able to retain its electrical conductivity even after being stretched and flexed up to 10,000 times.
"Our inflammation-free sensor can be used for continuous monitoring of vital signals under normal, everyday conditions over long periods of time," Miyamoto and co. write.
To understand the structure of the new nanomesh it's probably easiest to just see it (above). First, PVA fibers are created through a process called electrospinning. Basically, you can imagine drawing thin threads of polymer material out of a solution using electric force. (It's actually really cool but a bit beyond the scope of this blog post.) The polymer fibers are then patterned out and coated in a thin layer of gold. Finally, the resulting mesh is affixed to a patch of skin and sprayed with water. The PVA dissolves, leaving only fine interwoven threads of gold. The substrate is gone.
To test out their nanomesh, Miyamoto and co. constructed a system consisting of fingertip sensors connected to a fingerless glove containing a battery and wireless module, which itself was connected to a laptop computer. As the electrical resistance of the fingertip nanomesh changed as it came into contact with a metal plate, the resulting data was transmitted to the laptop. In further tests, the nanomesh successfully took the place of electrodes in EMG monitoring.
It's not crazy to imagine such an interface going beyond the skin and into the body itself, perhaps directly monitoring internal organs. But challenges remain, such as constructing a similar nanomesh that is also resilient against the physical and chemical damage likely to occur in the wild.
It's been happening for a while — census data show it. The number of mixed-race babies has quickly grown in the last decade, a trend that's no surprise in an increasingly diverse country. Men and women are choosing partners of different races and identifying their children using the array of hyphenated options now available on forms that still ask the question.
More than 7 percent of the 3.5 million children born in the year before the 2010 Census were of two or more races, up from 5 percent a decade earlier, the Washington Post reports. In the story, William H. Frey, a Brookings Institution demographer who analyzed the information, said, “I think people are more comfortable in identifying themselves, and their children, as mixed race.” They added, “It's much more socially acceptable, more mainstream, to say, ‘That's what we want to identify them as.' ”
What is come down to is choice, and if it remained just that, it would be fine. But Frey goes on to assign value to this particular choice. “This is a huge leap,” they said. “This is a ray of hope that we're finally moving into an era where this very sharp black-white divide is breaking apart.”
That's where they make a leap, that it's a matter of, well, black and white. Identifying as biracial is a choice now, but does it have to be better? Is Tiger Woods' “Cablinasian” option more enlightened than Halle Berry's decision to self-identify as black?
Frey isn't the only one who judges the trend as a “ray of hope,” a necessary step forward in relationships between races. When President Barack Obama checked off one race, black, on their census form, they were criticized by some, accused of somehow denying their white mother. It may have marked the first time such indignation over the issue reached a fever pitch, though if it were Barack the bank robber I hardly think whites would be clamoring to claim him.
At the time, a white woman married to a black man told me they were angry and disappointed for their two children's sake. “He's president. They could have been an example," they told me. That we were walking through a Charlotte science museum exhibit “Race: Are We So Different?” that proved the many ways humans are more alike than any other species made our discussion both fraught and beside the point. Since they wanted freedom to choose, how could they criticize the president for his? I asked them They would certainly know their motives better than a stranger whose reaction might have more to do with them own.
It's not a stretch to think the president's white mother and grandparents raised them to be a strong and confident black man making their way in America. As one who witnessed their grief as they spoke just after their grandmother's death in November 2008, the notion that they felt any less a part of them because of their check on a piece of paper is more than a little insulting.
But you have to cut the indignant mom some slack, as well. Race, as the exhibit pointed out, is an elusive line that changes depending on politics, economics and so much more. Science can't pin it down; contradictory emotions won't let us let go. Race doesn't matter but sometimes it's all that matters, so why wouldn't how we identify ourselves cause a fuss?
We're at a time when just a discussion of race can be labeled racist, and a remark by President Obama (“If I have a son, he'd look like Trayvon”) meant to be one parent comforting another by uttering a simple fact, can signal different things to different ears.
In this country, census forms have asked age, gender and race, with only two out of three categories remaining constant. The one-drop rule – once used to keep non-white citizens on the outside – is being dropped altogether. Arcane laws like Louisiana's long-used caste division of quadroons and the like are ultimately doomed, impossible to figure, human interactions being what they are. In truth, many Americans could claim “mixed.”
But it would be a shame if we replaced one orthodoxy with another, with children as obligated to identify with several races as they once were pushed to pick one. We can't erase lessons of the past, when racial identity was as political as it was personal. We shouldn't want to. In the case of those who had a choice, claiming black ancestry made what was meant as taint instead a point of pride in that history of struggle and success.
Those who wish for race-neutral realities are finding out that's not as easy as they imagine. In the Post story, Thien-Kim Lam, a Vietnamese American married to an African American, says their 6-year-old daughter is noticing they don't look like their mother and is asking questions. “At the very beginning, I thought if I didn't talk about race, she'd just be colorblind,” said an incredibly naive Lam.
When I read their story, it recalled discussions this black woman had with their white husband when I was pregnant more than two decades ago. We didn't know what our child would look like (though if genetics ruled, we knew he'd have curly hair and a forehead that started in Nebraska) but we knew that in America this very wanted, much loved child would be considered black. That wasn't something we thought they needed to run away from.
With my husband taking the lead, we decided we had a special obligation to teach the history of all their ancestors from Africa to Norway and stops in between, with an acknowledgment of both unlimited opportunity and the challenges they might face along the way. We had lots of hands-on help, including my brother, a veteran of two arrests during civil rights sit-ins not that long ago.
My grown-up son fills out their own census form now, a black man with a white father and a special relationship with a white grandmother they love with all their heart. It's not confusing at all.
Yes, there are more mixed-race children in 2012 America. But they won't solve any black-white divide. Respecting every individual's choice and realizing that no color combination is better than another might make all of us more secure. Being a biracial bridge to a nation's healing is a burden no child should have to carry.
Mary C. Curtis, an award-winning multimedia journalist in Charlotte, N.C., is a contributor to The Root, Fox News Charlotte, NPR, Creative Loafing and Nieman Watchdog blog. They have worked at The New York Times, Charlotte Observer and as national correspondent for Politics Daily. Follow them on Twitter: @mcurtisnc3
Emojis are fun little pictures that live inside your phone. You think of them the same way you think of a banana, or iPhone earbuds. They are there, and that is OK, but you can feasibly live without them. Sure, you know, fine, but also very much whatever. It is very hard to hate a banana, for instance, but you would not want to watch an 85-minute movie about a banana. They live in this curious grey place of no extremes, where it's hard to feel anything about them – love, hate, fire, cold – because they are just there. Like an appendix, or a fax machine. Horse shoes. Ice pops. For something that supposedly encompasses the cornucopia of human emotion, emojis are bizarrely emotion-neutral.
Anyway:
This is the trailer to The Emoji Movie. I would also like to say: it is also basically the entire plot of The Emoji Movie, as well. I know you are wary of spoilers, and you do not want your enjoyment of The Emoji Movie ruined. I get that. But also I would say: imagine, in the loosest way possible, what the plot of The Emoji Movie might be. You just almost certainly just imagined the entire plot of The Emoji Movie. The Emoji Movie is about an emoji who fucks up being an emoji by having too many emotions and goes on a journey of redemption with James Corden. They go out of the text app and into other apps. They go to Dropbox then comes back again. No shit; not even shitting you. Everyone applauds them when they return to save the emoji from the evil smiling emoji queen, and they are anointed a sort of emoji king. That is it" that is the plot to the movie. The main emoji is the emoji for "meh". Their given name is Gene. It troubles me that the emoji has a name, for some reason. It makes them more than an emoji. Somewhere between human and not. A monster.
Anyway.
The point is I have seen The Emoji Movie, and that was fine – I didn't laugh but I didn't cry either – and here are five conclusions I have drawn from it. You are of course welcome to see the film – to pay eight to 12 pounds, and queue up, carpet-sticky popcorn pieces on your new trainers, then pay £4 for a bag of M&Ms, £3 for a big Coke, then get your ticket torn by a granite-faced boy in an over-washed polo shirt before sitting through 30 minutes of adverts (cinemas: if I have paid £12 to watch this, why am I also watching adverts? You have your money. You got it from me. I have now paid for you to waste my time. Rethink.) and then the trailers, then the film proper, all of this in a not-quite-dark-enough room with 100 people who can't go an hour-and-a-half without getting up and having a piss, and also the temperature of the room is either too hot or frigidly cold, no other options available, the modern cinema experience there – so yes, you could go to the cinema, and you could watch it, and you could draw conclusions of your own. But you're not going to, so. Anyway:
'THE EMOJI MOVIE' IS THE FIRST MOVIE TO EVER BE MADE WITH NO AUDIENCE IN MIND
Hey: who is The Emoji Movie for? Fans of emoji? There is no such thing as fans of emoji. Nobody identifies as an emoji fan. Even the people who own emoji cushions aren't emoji fans. Ask them. Ask them directly why they bought a cushion. "A cheerful mistake," they will say. Is it for adults? It is not for adults. You know how some animated movies are, secretly, sort of for adults? You know like how actual grown-ups go to see Disney movies, and go to Disneyland. Pathological grown-ups, weird grown-ups. People who have dark urges that would, in another lifetime, come out as child killing, but instead comes out as a sincere affinity for Disneyland. This is not for them, either. Is it for kids? I dunno. I know kids. Not personally, but the concept. I was a kid once. Parts of me still are. As a child, I found nothing redeeming in The Emoji Movie other than a scene where Patrick Stewart's poop emoji does a poop (*1) and then talks to their son, a smaller poop, about the tribulations of being a poop who poops. Beyond that, it was just a load of references to Dropbox I didn't really get and some dancing sequences. Even kids aren't fooled by that shit.
So essentially, this movie is for nobody, it has no audience. Caveat: I went to a special screening attended by: i. people who worked for Candy Crush, which features briefly in the movie, and no shit cheered when the words "Candy Crush" appeared, so I guess the film was in large part for them, but that seems to me a niche audience for a film that cost $50 million to make; ii. journalists. If I were to go out on a limb and identify a core audience, I would say "journalists", because basically the only people who are going to go out of their way to watch The Emoji Movie are the people who are going to regurgitate it out again as a "hot take", or a list of five Emoji Movie conclusions which then lead to a wider Emoji Movie conclusion, the entire format coming in the form of a list—
THERE IS NO MORAL TO THIS STORY
The main conflict of The Emoji Movie is that the emoji Meh (or Gene, whatever) messes everything up by pulling the wrong face. I should briefly explain how emojis work as per the Emoji Movie: a gigantic central arm pulls emoji from a wall of boxes as and when they need to be used, and at that exact moment the emoji responsible has to pull the exact emoji face they are being employed to do, otherwise there is a malfunction (in this case, the malfunction is that the kid who owns the phone is trying to chirpse [via emoji, a mug's game] and their chirpsing goes awry, so they decide to go to the phone shop the next day to delete the entire contents of their phone) (an overreaction, yes, but the emoji stopped them from getting their horny on and so they got mad: you must understand that or the movie makes no sense). In the course of pulling the wrong face Gene also pulled down the gigantic arm and ruined all the boxes, &c., generally made a mess. Things went on fire a bit. It was a whole deal.
So anyway, to fix the mess they have to find a hacker to hack their face so it stops emoting in myriad different ways, and then they can be a functioning emoji again. They need to do this before the horny boy deletes their phone. This is the hero's journey.
But then they discover on their journey that, actually, expressing yourself is good. This isn't a moral. Nobody needed to know that, because it is nobody's job to pull the exact same face every second of every day while a gigantic arm scans you. So there is no takeaway there. No moral. Additionally: when they come back, Gene, using their newfound control of their many emotions, helps the boy who owns the phone do a sick chirpse, which makes them decide to undelete their phone – everyone cheers and applauds. But they were only ever going to delete the contents of the phone – therefore killing every emoji who lived on the phone – because Gene fucked up in the first place. Do you understand? They are cheering the only person responsible for their demise. This would be like Donald Trump firing a nuke at North Korea, then intercepting their own nuke and then us going, "Woah, man. Good job Donald Trump stopped a nuclear war happening! Fuckin' phew, right! Big them up." It would not have happened in the first place if they never fucked up.
There is no moral to this story. Gene is a villain. They fucked up and nearly got the entire world deleted. They should be killed or put in prison, not elected as the emojis' new king. I am absolutely livid at this ending.
LOVE RUINS EVERY MOVIE THAT ISN'T EXPLICITLY ABOUT LOVE
There are two moments in The Emoji Movie where I am fully convinced I am going to see emojis fuck, and I still cannot decide if that had added or detracted to the Emoji Movie experience. One: Gene's parents, on a hunt for their lost boy, go into Instagram and have a moment by a frozen-in-time fountain in a Parisian street scene. It really, really seems like they are about to fuck. They don't fuck, but, like: for a second it really feels like they are about to fuck. It would be a nice place to fuck. They're adults. There's nobody else around. It's actually weird they don't fuck. Second fuck bit: Gene and the hacker, a former princess emoji called Jailbreak, are in a boat? Inside the app Spotify? And put some romantic music on? And stare into each other's eyes a lot? And it really seems like they are going to fuck?
This is the subplot of The Emoji Movie: by being yourself, and by saving the world from ending while you do it, people will fall in love with you.
Man: who the fuck wants to see emojis fall in love? Every movie that is not explicitly about love does absolutely not need love in it, in my opinion. Here are some films where it's good when people fall in love:
– 10 Things I Hate About You
– Pretty Woman
– Love Actually
Here are some films where people slowly falling in love actively detracts from the good part of the film:
–The Fast & Furious
– Jurassic World, man! Stop falling in love, dipshits! Get off the island!
– The Emoji Movie
Man, I am so absolutely through with people falling in love in movies. I am done with it. Had enough. Get rid.
THIS COULD BE THE THING THAT FINALLY KILLS EMOJIS
Emojis have always had an arduous grasp on the concept of cool: coolness and emojis do not go hand in hand. We all liked the novelty, of them, when they got big a couple of years ago, didn't we? We all liked to use them in our texts, or put them next to names in our contacts list. All that shit. I think a lot of us hold our "Favourite Emoji" menu quite close to our hearts. But also: when everyone's mum figured out how to use emoji, that really knocked the brand. The same goes for every pound shop and weird tourist shop on Oxford Street selling semi-legit emoji merchandise. Do you think you could go your entire life and never see the tongue-sticky-out emoji again? I think you probably could. What about when alt-right bros all put the frog emoji in their screen names: that was the legally-defined inverse of cool, wasn't it? And just when we thought emoji had gone as low as it could go, this: an 85-minute movie where emoji learn about love and themselves and emotion and the freedom of expression, and Dropbox and Spotify and Instagram, and that's it, now. That is the least cool thing that has ever happened to anything. This really could push emoji over the edge. Using them casually in text messages is an endorsement of this kind of behaviour. Stop it at once.
THIS MOVIE IS COMPLETELY FUCKING UNREVIEWABLE AND UNCATEGORISABLE, AND YES I KNOW THAT IS NOT A WORD
One of my favourite movies is Transformers 4 – Age of Extinction, and not because it's a good film – oh man, that film stinks – but just due to the sheer naked opportunism of the commercial placement in it. Look at this segment, where Mark Wahlberg crashes a Transformer into a Bud Light van then angrily drinks a bottle of Bud Light about it:
How much you think that cost? Or: or this bit, where one of the Transformers is just Oreo-branded, for some reason? Okay, mate.
This is what The Emoji Movie is like for 85 minutes. It's essentially a very long advert for apps. There is Instagram, and Facebook. The goal is to get to Dropbox and ascend to the cloud. All the staple apps are on there: Twitter, Spotify. Then there is a ten-minute segment where, to get away from the bots that are chasing them, the emoji dive into the Just Dance app, which of course everyone has and loves. Everyone loves Just Dance. That's why it is in the movie: because of sincere public love for the app, and not because money changed hands. So it's hard, really, to review it as a film, because it's sort of not a film: it's just a series of adverts stitched together in the vague shape of a film. Fundamentally: The Emoji Movie is not a movie at all.
And also: the film isn't bad. That was what most people at my screening were saying as they came out blinking into the sunlight, that lilt of surprise in their voice: "Well, it wasn't bad!" Was it good? Also no. It's a completely neutral way to spend an hour-and-a-half of your life. It's just on. It's there. It's happening. The 8 percent Rotten Tomatoes rating for The Emoji Movie is a misnomer, because that rating system is designed for actual movies. Asking The Emoji Movie to stick to the structure and form of a movie is like asking a lamp to do maths, or reviewing a dog's ability to cook a roast dinner. Dogs cannot cook roast dinners because they are not designed to do that. It is unfair to rate them down when they spill a load of roast potatoes onto the floor of the kitchen.
I think this, too, is why James Corden is the perfect casting for the role of Hi-5: James Corden is fundamentally, to their bones, an annoying tosser who I loathe. But also: he's alright, isn't he? He's harmless. With their American success built on being a cheery sycophant and their UK success built on doing what your mum thinks is banter, all while photocopying Ricky Gervais' laugh and being fucking ubiquitous, they are everything and nothing all at once: annoying, unfunny; likeable, charming; James Corden occupies this curious space where they are at once the most irritating man on the planet but also kind of alright. Schrödinger's bellend. They were made to be in this non-movie.
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
Oh: down. There is nowhere else to go but down. This is, no matter how you look at it, the death of culture. No story, no likeable characters. Essentially just the names of various apps repeated over and over. No audience. No reason for it to exist. And yet it does. This – this is the moment we'll all point at and go, "Well, we deserve everything we get from here." We consumed so much shit that someone made The Emoji Movie, and then we consumed that too, because we are shitmunchers, one and all. It has already made money. There will be another one. We brought this on ourselves. And that I suppose is the sad part about it all: it – and by "it", I mean everything, forever – only gets worse from here.
@joelgolby
(*1) Which just fucking boxed my mind. How can a poop do a poop and what does it poop if it's already poop? It would be like me going to the bathroom and shitting out an arm, or something. A ridiculous thing to do.
I've been reading a lot lately about Chick-fil-A. The news of their contributions to anti-gay organizations first came to my attention last year when Equality Matters researched some of their contributions and published them. Here is what they found:
WinShape Is Chick-Fil-A's Charitable Arm. The WinShape Foundation is Chick-fil-A's charitable arm, created by Chick-fil-A founder and chairperson S. Truett Cathy in 1984. WinShape has received a substantial amount of funding from Chick-fil-A: in 2009 alone, WinShape received $7,814,788 from Chick-fil-A Inc. [Winshape 2009 Publicly Available IRS 990 Form via Foundation Center, accessed10/28/11] WinShape Gave Over $1.7 Million To Anti-Gay Groups. In 2009 alone, WinShape donated $1,733,699 to multiple anti-gay groups: Marriage & Family Legacy Fund: $994,199
Fellowship Of Christian Athletes: $480,000
National Christian Foundation: $240,000
Focus On The Family: $12,500
Eagle Forum: $5,000
Exodus International: $1,000
Family Research Council: $1,000 [Winshape 2009 Publicly Available IRS 990 Form via Foundation Center, accessed 10/28/11]
This all came out in November of last year. In the time since, I've seen several posts on Facebook urging people to boycott the company as it continued to grow. Then last week, Chick-fil-A CEO, Dan Cathy responded to a question about the company's anti-gay stances: “We're guilty as charged.” In the same interview, Cathy said: “We know that it might not be popular with everyone, but thank the Lord, we live in a country where we can share our values and operate on biblical principles.”
Cathy then reiterated that stance on The Ken Coleman Show, as Jeremy Hooper pointed out:
“I think we are inviting God's judgment on our nation when we shake our fist at Him and say ‘we know better than you as to what constitutes a marriage' and I pray God's mercy on our generation that has such a prideful, arrogant attitude to think that we have the audacity to define what marriage is about,”
While contributing to organizations that align with your beliefs is indeed the right of any person or corporation, it is also the right of citizens to research the work of the organizations you contribute to and make their shopping choices accordingly.
Let's take a look at how you are supporting anit-gay bigotry around the globe when you buy some waffle fries (or anything else at Chick-fil-A):
Marriage & Family Legacy Fund: Founded by Exodus North America's Alan Chambers who has admitted to anti-gay housing discrimination: “As a property owner of Orlando, I wouldn't rent to someone who is gay…” They have also implied a connection between gay people and pedophiles with no evidence whatsoever: “I believe the gay community is a good group of people but with groups like NAMBLA [a pedophile group] riding on their coattails.”
Exodus International: Exodus International Board Member John Schmierer began their trips to Uganda in 2009, preaching alongside Nazi revisionist Scott Lively, spreading hatred of gay people to the people and leaders of the country. This directly led to their legislation requiring the execution of some gay people.
In Schmierer's future trips to Uganda, they would whip up anti-gay furor with lies linking homosexuality to child abuse, calling for mandatory “conversion therapy” for homosexuals and any other number of falsehoods they could come up with.
Fellowship of Christian Athletes: The FCA is decidedly anti-gay and discriminates against gay people from participating. Their website even goes on about “saving” people from being gay. Danny Burns, the National College Conference of the FCA spoke of people being “freed from homosexuality” at the 2011 annual conference.
Focus on the Family: Founded by James Dobson, FotF has been at the front of most anti-gay movements the US has seen since it's founding. They have supported and funded “Ex-Gay” organizations for years and one of their co-founders (George Alan Rekers) was actually found bringing a gay sex worker on vacation with him. These same organizations have been one of the primary causes of suicide among young gay people forced to go through this “therapy.” Dobson believes gay people will destroy the earth:
“Homosexuals are not monogamous. They want to destroy the institution of marriage. It will destroy marriage. It will destroy the Earth.”
Dobson additionally equates homosexuality and sex with animals quite clearly in the video here.
Family Research Council: Not sure where to start. Let's start with a Tony Perkins quote:
“While activists like to claim that pedophilia is a completely distinct orientation from homosexuality, evidence shows a disproportionate overlap between the two. … It is a homosexual problem.”
— Family Research Council President Tony Perkins, FRC website, 2010
There are literally dozens of other moments where FRC and Focus on the Family link homosexuality and pedophilia with zero reputable evidence.
In 2010, The Congress was considering a public condemnation of Uganda's “Kill the Gays Bill” which would put gay people on trial with a possible death sentence as punishment for homosexuality. Family Research Council spent $25,000 lobbying Congress to not disapprove of this bill.
FRC and FotF have also fought hard against anti-gay adoption laws, so it can safely be said that they would rather see children spend their whole lives in a foster care system than find a forever home.
I posted the following meme on Facebook today in the hopes of enlightening people to where their money might be going when they pick up their chicken and waffle fries at Chick-fil-A.
Not that I should be, but I was honestly surprised by the anti-gay response on Facebook. People who refused to equate “Christian” organizations with anything anti-gay. The biggest leap of course was to people thinking they were supporting the murder of gay people. It's a tough thing to think about, but the truth is that homosexuality is still criminalized in 77 countries. And the death penalty is among the possible punishments in at least 7 of those countries.
The Family Research Council is supportive of a new law proposed in Uganda which would also add a death penalty for those suspected of being gay. Chick-fil-A supports the work of the Family Research Council.
Plain and simple, this is where your money is going when you buy something at Chick-fil-A. Of course not every person who works there or owns a franchise is anti-gay. That's not at all what we are saying. But when you purchase something there, your money goes to the corporation, which then uses that money to invest in bigoted, anti-gay, anti-family organizations.
UPDATE:
Yesterday late afternoon, after the image above had been shared on Facebook more than 9,000 times, I received notice that the image violated their “Rights & Responsibilities” and they censored and yanked it from every person's profile who'd shared it. I assumed it was because I'd used Chick-fil-A's logo. Apparently that wasn't the case because upon recreating the image with a different non-trademarked font, it too was pulled and my account temporarily suspended. A friend at Facebook is currently looking into it.
Chick-fil-A has responded via Facebook message to the calls of boycott with a statement quite similar to one Dan Cathy made back in 2011. And while it's a nice sentiment, their words and their contributions to virulently anti-gay groups don't seem to match up.
“The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor, dignity and respect – regardless of their belief, race, creed, sexual orientation or gender. We will continue this tradition in the over 1,600 Restaurants run by independent Owner/Operators. Going forward, our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena. Chick-fil-A is a family-owned and family-led company serving the communities in which it operates. From the day Truett Cathy started the company, they began applying biblically-based principles to managing their business. For example, we believe that closing on Sundays, operating debt-free and devoting a percentage of our profits back to our communities are what make us a stronger company and Chick-fil-A family. Our mission is simple: to serve great food, provide genuine hospitality and have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick-fil-A.”
Advertisements
What ended the Little Ice Age?
Posted on 4 January 2010 by John Cook
The Little Ice Age was a cooler period spanning the 16th to the 19th century. The river Thames often froze over. The Norse colonies in Greenland were unable to survive the harsh winters. After 1850, temperatures began to rise. But human-made CO2 emissions in the late 19th century were a fraction of current levels. Did human activity take us out of the Little Ice Age? Were there other factors? And what does it mean for current warming? This question is addressed in Meehl 2004 which examines the various factors that drove climate since the 19th Century.
Climate simulations were run using two natural factors that drive climate - volcanoes and the sun. Volcanic eruptions cool global temperature for a few years after eruption. A drop in volcanic activity after 1915 contributed slight warming in the early 20th Century. However, the greater contributor to warming from 1880 came from the sun which steadily warmed up to the 1940s. When the two factors are combined, they account well for the warming from 1880 to 1940. However, the contribution from sun and volcanoes to global temperature since the 1940s has been a slight cooling effect.
Figure 1: Climate model results from natural forcings compared to observations (black line). The red line is the average of the four-member ensemble. The pink shading is the model range. The blue line is the ensemble mean and the light blue shading is the ensemble range.
To calculate the human influence on climate, three forcings were considered: ozone, sulfate aerosols and human-made greenhouse gases. Sulfate aerosols have a cooling effect, growing stronger after around 1950. Changes in ozone produced a slight warming response. The strongest effect is from greenhouse gases which produced slow warming in the early 20th Century, then accelerated in the 1970s. When all anthropogenic forcings are combined, they show little temperature response from 1880 to to the 1960s. They do a poor job of explaining the warming from 1880 but a very good job of capturing late 20th Century warming.
Figure 2: Climate model results from anthropogenic forcings compared to observations (black line).
When natural and anthropogenic forcings are combined, they show close correspondance with global temperature. From this analysis, Meehl concludes that the warming from 1880 to the mid-20th Century was largely natural with the sun being the main contributor. Late 20th Century warming after 1970 is mainly due to human-made influence primarily from greenhouse gases.
Figure 3: Climate model results from natural + anthropogenic forcings compared to observations (black line).
This analysis is a useful reminder that CO2 is not the only driver of climate. To end the Little Ice Age, the sun did most of the early heavy lifting. When the solar contribution flattened out in the mid-20th century, humanity took the baton and we've been running with it ever since. Meehl 2004 is also confirmation that past climate change tells us how sensitive climate is to radiative forcing. The climate that responded to the forcing from the warming sun in the early 20th century is the same climate that is now responding to the forcing from rising greenhouse gases.
Germany called for a Europe-wide ban on short-selling Friday after four EU partners took the step of prohibiting the trading strategy in a bid to contain the eurozone debt crisis and calm jittery markets.
"The German government has been monitoring the problem of short-selling for some time and thus banned naked short-selling in Germany last year," said a spokesperson for the Finance Ministry. "In addition, we are calling for a broad short-selling ban in Europe."
Short-selling is the practice of borrowing shares you do not own and selling them when their price is high on the assumption that the share value will drop. The same quantity of shares is then repurchased at a lower price and the difference is banked.
This form of profiteering on market losses can give the impression of a mass sell-off of shares, hence driving down their worth and fuelling market instability. France, Italy, Belgium and Spain all put a hold on the trading method Friday as it pertains to stocks in a collection of banks and large insurers.
'Abusive' short selling
Shares in banks and other large institutions, notably insurers, have fluctuated wildly in recent weeks on the back of the eurozone debt crisis emanating from countries such as Greece, Italy, Portugal and Ireland. It's believed short-selling may have added to instability.
The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) said restricting the "abusive use of short-selling" was "an effective tool to calm the market."
Sarkozy (left) and Merkel will discuss eurozone stabilization proposals
"They have done so either to restrict the benefits that can be achieved from spreading false rumors or to achieve a regulatory level playing field, given the close inter-linkage between some EU markets," ESMA said in a statement on its website.
"These measures have been aligned as far as possible in the absence of a common EU legal framework in the area of short-selling and given the very different national legal bases on which such measures can be taken."
However, critics point out that a similar ban in the US was not effective. Several academic studies showed that while share borrowing fell during the three-week ban, financial stocks continued to plummet.
"If you talk to people who understand the technology of markets, including regulators, it's the general consensus that banning short sales doesn't achieve the stated objectives," Nicholas de Boursac, chief executive of the Asia Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, told the Reuters news agency.
France and Spain have banned short-selling on select institutions for 15 days, while Belgium has banned the practice on four financial stocks indefinitely. Details of the Italian ban were not immediately clear.
Leaders' meeting
The ban came into effect a day after the leaders of France and Germany called for a joint meeting to draft a common solution to the turmoil that has rocked European stock markets over the past week and raised doubts over the viability of the eurozone.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy will meet on Tuesday to discuss proposals for strengthened economic governance of the 17-member currency bloc.
The proposals, announced at a special eurozone summit held July 21, will also be addressed by a working group under European Council President Herman Van Rompuy.
Author: Darren Mara (Reuters, dpa)
Editor: Martin Kuebler
Mark Dutton will return to race engineering duties on Jamie Whincup's car this weekend as part of Red Bull Racing Australia's efforts to propel the six-time champion back into title contention.
Speedafe.com can reveal that Whincup's engineer of the last 18 months, David Cauchi, has been dropped back into a ‘wingman' role following struggles to find strong set-ups on the #1 Holden over recent events.
Despite winning the championship together last year, the Whincup/Cauchi partnership has failed to produce a top five finish in the last seven races, dropping to eighth in the standings as a result.
The driver has spoken openly of struggling for confidence amid the slump, which threatens to end their run of five straight titles.
Dutton had engineered Whincup from 2007 to 2013, picking up five championships together before the former was promoted to team manager.
The pair will only be reunited for this weekend, however, with the team's technical director Ludo Lacroix to take up the race engineer position from the next round at Queensland Raceway.
Lacroix, who usually attends races in an overarching engineering role, is away this weekend working on other projects.
The Frenchman was Whincup's first race engineer when the driver joined the team in 2006.
Owner Roland Dane, who will step into Dutton's regular team manager's role this weekend, says the team needed to take pressure off Cauchi following recent struggles.
“It's just to take the pressure off,” Dane told Speedcafe.com.
“We just got too much pressure on the system and we need to make it work better.
“He (Cauchi) is still part of the team and part of the family and will be for a long time.
“We've just got to relieve the pressure and give the confidence to Jamie that they need and the crew around them and stop caning David as hard.”
Dane stressed that Cauchi's revised position is not a return to data engineering duties, which they had undertaken for Whincup in the past.
“It's a bit more than they used to be in a data role; it's more a performance engineer than a data man,” they said.
“Ludo has been helping Cauchi in the background but we needed to formalise that arrangement and make it more structured.”
Dane meanwhile remains circumspect on Whincup's championship chances, despite nine events still remaining in the season.
Craig Lowndes, who is enjoying a strong bond with new-for-2015 engineer Grant McPherson, is currently well clear of Whincup in second place.
“Whether they will be back in championship contention we will wait and see,” said Dane.
“I've got Lowndesy in championship contention and I'm very pleased to be in that position.
“But by our standards It's certainly not where we would like to be in Jamie's case.”
Kirby Triple Deluxe Looks Beautiful On The Nintendo 3DS
By Matt Hawkins . March 3, 2014 . 2:32pm
At the Toy Fair at New York, Nintendo had a playable build of Kirby Triple Deluxe, Kirby's very first outing for the Nintendo 3DS, believe it or not (whereas it felt like they were all over Nintendo's previous handheld). Much like Yoshi's New Island, Kirby: Triple Deluxe does not stray far from the formula, though diehard Kirby fans probably wouldn't want it any other way.
Like all traditional Kirby games, you navigate the little pink puffball through hostile-yet-oh-so-cute sections of Dream Land—primarily by swallowing enemies and absorbing their abilities. There are over 20 actions that can be copied in total, with four making their debut here.
More than anything else, the game looks beautiful. Initially, I saw Triple Deluxe on a 2DS that was hooked up to a large flat screen monitor. And normally, when a handheld game is blown up to such a degree, things tend to look rough around the edges, and understandably so. Not here; one could easily mistake it for a Wii title. And it looks even better on the small screen.
It's a tradition for the end of each stage in whatever installment of Kirby to have a mini-game in which the player is able to win extra lives. In Triple Deluxe, you attempt to control Kirby as they zoom towards the screen, and the degree of fluidity and clarity was impressive. I'm not certain, but I feel the frame-rate was equal to A Link Between Worlds, whose 60fps framerate is one main reason why that game is so visually engrossing.
Speaking of eye candy, one new addition to the franchise is the Miracle Fruit, which when swallowed, transforms plain old Kirby into Hypernova Kirby. Once powered up, Kirby can inhale quite a bit in one gulp, and graphical effect is outstanding, as if the entire fabric of existence is at risk of going right inside Kirby's stomach. Though I was told that this is mostly a means to complete puzzles, as opposed to simply dealing with foes (though that ends up happening as a consequence).
In addition to the standard single player campaign, there are two others, hence the title. You also have Kirby Fighters, which many will initially assume to be Smash Bros-lite with just Kirby. It certainly looks a lot like Smash, right down to the menus, though instead of move-sets based upon other Nintendo personalities, they're just copied abilities from the main game. So instead of Kirby dishing out punishment like Mario or Samus, they look and acts like a cowboy or ninja.
Plus, the structure of the fights themselves is also not quite the same; instead of percentages, you have traditional power bars. Kind of a bummer, though despite the many differences, one gets the feeling that Nintendo are using Kirby Fighters to maybe test drive a few ideas.
The third mode is Dedede's Drum Dash, which is a rhythm action romp starring Kirby's primary antagonist. The goal is to collect coins and avoid enemies by having them bounce off of drums, all to the beat of classic Kirby tunes. It's not quite as in depth as Taiko no Tatsujin, but it's a fun little diversion nonetheless, and any chance to play as Dedede is definitely welcome.
Kirby Triple Deluxe will be available May 2nd in North America.
Dairy goats eat in their stalls Monday at LaClare Farms in Pipe. The farm milks about 375 goats and uses that milk to make cheese. The family farm also sells the milk through a cooperative to other cheesemakers. Credit: Mark Hoffman
By of the
On the east side of Lake Winnebago, in a small community named Pipe, a dairy goat farm has gained national attention for its cheese and side businesses that, collectively, are expected to top $1 million in sales this year.
LaClare Family Farm started with two milking goats, two peacocks, and a flock of laying hens. Larry and Clara Hedrich, of Chilton, raised dairy goats as a hobby until their interest morphed into a business and tourist attraction that now employs 22 people including six members of the Hedrich family.
The farm endured the recession and the drought of 2012 that forced some Wisconsin goat operations out of business. Now it ships cheese all over the country, and its products are sold at Milwaukee-area stores including Wisconsin Cheese Mart and Clock Shadow Creamery.
The farm raises crops to feed the herd of about 375 dairy goats. The goats produce the milk that's made into cheese on the farm, and some of the products are sold in the farm's retail store that also sells craft beers, wines, ice cream and other locally-produced foods.
If this were an ordinary goat farm of this size, it couldn't employ 22 people, said Greg Hedrich, the farm's business manager and a former high school teacher with a master's degree in education leadership and policy analysis.
By making cheese, selling bottled milk, and operating a retail store, cafe and banquet facility, LaClare Family Farm captures more of the consumer's dollar.
"It's also how we have been able to keep everybody involved with the farm," Hedrich said about working with their parents and siblings.
Wisconsin is the nation's top dairy goat state, producing about $10 million in milk a year that mostly goes into trendy goat cheeses. The state had more than 44,000 dairy goats in 2012, according to state records, although the drought that summer slowed the dairy goat boom and forced many farmers to cull their herds.
Some goat farms were forced out of business because it cost more to feed the animals than the farm could earn from producing milk. New farms, still absorbing start-up costs, had little wiggle room to pay their bills.
Still, more than a dozen Wisconsin cheesemakers specialize in goat cheese, and at least another half dozen make the cheeses on farms where the animals are raised.
Goat cheese has a unique flavor, and consumers with a dairy intolerance may tolerate goat's milk.
There's strong demand for the cheese, Hedrich said, and the prices that farmers receive for their goat's milk and cheese don't fluctuate as much as prices for cow's milk.
A LaClare Family Farm cheese called Evalon placed second in its class at the U.S. Cheese Championship in Green Bay in 2009, a year after the farm started making cheese.
Now, the farm offers a variety of cheeses including Evalon, Fresh Chevre, Cheddar, Raw Cheddar, Fondy Jack and American Originals crafted by Katie Hedrich, the U.S. Championship Cheesemaker in 2011.
The farm's bottled goat's milk is sold at various stores throughout Wisconsin and parts of Illinois.
The farm has some online sales, and its on-site retail store, cafe and banquet facility are fast-growing parts of the business.
Visitors can watch the goats being milked, 48 at a time, and cheeses being aged.
The farm also caters to business meetings, bridal showers and holiday parties. And there are on-farm dinners, $45 per person or $80 per couple, that are four-course meals prepared by the farm's chef.
All of this would probably be way too much for farmers who want to raise livestock, produce milk for the wholesale market, and not deal with the general public. That's not the case, though, for LaClare.
"Our philosophy is that people can come here for five minutes or five hours. There are some people who come here, have a cup of coffee, and work on their computer all day. We want to be open to everyone," Hedrich said.
Share. Director Guillermo del Toro's biggest genre movie yet! Director Guillermo del Toro's biggest genre movie yet!
Director Guillermo del Toro presented their ambitious giant monsters vs. giant robots epic Pacific Rim to fans at Saturday's San Diego Comic-Con. Cast members Charlie Hunnam, Charlie Day, Rinko Kikuchi and the one and only Ron Perlman were in attendance, along with Legendary Pictures' Thomas Tull.
What is Pacific Rim about? Here's the official synopsis to shed some light: "When legions of monstrous creatures, known as Kaiju, started rising from the sea, a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju, a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots, called Jaegers, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat, the forces defending humankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes—a washed up former pilot and an untested trainee who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together, they stand as humankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse."
Exit Theatre Mode
OH BOY. What a show Guillermo and Legendary put on for fans at SDCC! First, not one but three huge screens were utilized in Hall H for the Pacific Rim footage presentation. It was essentially an extended trailer, complete with music and finished VFX. The footage was, as GDT put it, "robo-porn" and it was freaking amazing. It makes Michael Bay's Transformers movies look like they were shot for a buck and a quarter. Imagine a mixture of Transformers, Gatchaman and Godzilla and you have some idea of what Pacific Rim has in store.
The trailer showed the piloted robot duking it out at sea with a Kaiju intercut with the pilots as they are given a rousing speech from Idris Elba's commander who declares, "Today we are canceling the apocalypse!" Del Toro announced that after SDCC, though, Pacific Rim is going into a media blackout until year's end. So only those lucky 6000+ people in Hall H today will know just how elfin' awesome Pacific Rim looks for the next six months until the trailer is released.
Del Toro explained that they did not want their robots brought to life via motion-capture because they didn't want them to move like humans so they went old school CG animation. They also told their animators not to just have the monsters standing there moving their claws during a fight like henchmen in a bad martial arts movie just standing there posing until the hero whips their ass. All the Kaiju were created from the team's own imagination and were not patterned after preexisting creatures from legends or depicted in other films or media.
Exit Theatre Mode
Pacific Rim opens July 12, 2013.
The Senate Ethics Committee is reviewing allegations that Sen. Robert Menendez accepted inappropriate gifts from a Florida doctor who has flown the New Jersey Democrat to their estate in the Dominican Republic, a senior member of the panel confirmed Thursday.
Sen. Johnny Isakson (Ga.), the ranking Republican on the committee, said the panel saw reports of the FBI raid Tuesday on the West Palm Beach offices of Salomon Melgen, a Menendez friend and political supporter who is also in an $11 million tax dispute with the Internal Revenue Service. That was followed by Menendez's confirmation Wednesday night that they wrote a personal check of more than $58,000 to pay for flights on Melgen's private jet to their Dominican estate — for a pair of trips there more than two years ago.
“The Senate Ethics Committee is aware of the article in the Miami Herald and other media outlets, and we are following established procedures,” Isakson said Thursday, declining to discuss any details of the review.
Menendez has denied any wrongdoing. Their staff has said that most of their trips to visit Melgen in the Dominican Republic were paid for out of their own pocket and that the two trips they did not pay for were an oversight. A statement issued Wednesday also vehemently denied reports, mostly in the conservative news media, that they slept with prostitutes on the island, where prostitution is legal.
“Senator Menendez has traveled on Dr. Melgen's plane on three occasions, all of which have been paid for and reported appropriately. Any allegations of engaging with prostitutes are manufactured by a politically-motivated right-wing blog and are false,” their office said in a statement.
Officials at the Justice Department declined to comment Thursday about the nature of its raid on Melgen's office, which went on for several hours overnight.
Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) has stood behind the embattled senator. “First of all, Bob Menendez is my friend. He's an outstanding senator,” Reid said Thursday, directing any detailed questions to Menendez's office.
The investigations come at a particularly troubling time for Menendez and Democrats, just as Menendez steps into a new role as chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee. That makes them the top diplomat on Capitol Hill, someone tasked with greeting heads of state visiting Washington, and affords them the kind of public profile that prompts regular appearances on the Sunday morning political talk shows. Last week, Menendez presided over outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's testimony about the U.S. response to the Sept. 11 attack on a mission in Libya and the confirmation hearing for Sen. John F. Kerry (D-Mass.) as their successor.
The only Latino among Senate Democrats, Menendez was chosen to participate in a bipartisan group of senators who unveiled a strategic framework for comprehensive immigration reform amid much fanfare Monday.
Reid's gesture signaled that Democratic leaders were not abandoning Menendez as they begin what could be a long legal and ethics process. Two days earlier, Reid rejected out of hand any suggestion of wrongdoing by Menendez, telling reporters to “consider the source” because the reports first emerged on the Daily Caller, a conservative Web site that published the stories just before Election Day. The issue was originally regarded as a partisan dispute just before Menendez's election. But the seriousness of the allegations heated up with the FBI raid and the revelations that repayments to Melgen were made so long after the trips occurred.
Senate rules and federal law forbid expensive gifts unless the lawmaker has a longtime friendship with the person giving the gift. Otherwise, the rules require a prompt repayment for the thing of value, according to ethics experts. If a lawmaker accepts the gift from a friend, it would have to be revealed as such in annual financial disclosure forms that are made public every June.
Menendez did not pay Melgen until two months after New Jersey Republicans first asked the ethics panel to investigate, and the trips were not reported on their disclosure forms.
Menendez, 59, who is divorced, is one of the most prominent Cuban Americans, with deep support in their home town of Union City, sometimes called “Little Havana North,” and in South Florida. They have two grown children active in politics. Elected to the House in 1992, they served in the Democratic leadership there until they were appointed to the Senate in late 2005 and has since won two full terms.
Publisher: Ballantine Books
Third Ballantine Edition, 1969
Cover Art: Robert Foster
Plot Synopsis (of cover): Maya stared off tangentially to the near-orbiting moon, boredom on their face. “Clark,” they began, “how many times are we going to come up here? I want to go on a REAL date, not play with your bicycle part collection in the vacuum of low lunar orbit every weekend.” “But honey,” replied Clark, who had decorated their bicycle spokes with what they fancied was a pretty sweet aluminum fern, “this is what all of the cool people are doing these days! Bringing random shit into space, tying it to other random shit, and then floating around naked in a haze of ennui. It's post-modern.” Maya had just about had enough, and Clark could tell. They tried to cut their inevitable protest off before their temper could heat up (as much as such a thing could in the dead cold of space) any further. “Look, Maya, we're violating the basic principles of physics here. Isn't that cool? And look, I brought this metal bit from the inside of a bank vault door.” Maya was not impressed. “What the fuck?” they asked. “Why would you haul that up here?” “Because it's random! Lol!” Clark replied. Maya shouted, “You know what? My mother was right. I should never have removed my lower torso for a freak like you. I'm gonna put my bikini top back on to cover the startlingly pale flesh beneath my tan and then I'm going to try online dating. As for your stupid vault door chunk, well, you can fuck it instead of my exposed lower vertebrae tonight!” And they did—it was great.
Relatively Irrelevant Inside Text: So, on the one hand, I really like Pohl. Their style is great, their prose is lovely, and their development of both character and setting are masterful… in general. This novel (a serialization converted to pulpy paperback pattern) did not tickle my happy place. In fact, it bored the ever-loving spunk out of my happy place. The physics student in me acknowledges that the occasional nod to number theory is fascinating, and that it's a curiosity when it's directly utilized in mass media. However, unless you're REALLY into number theory, like those people who spank it to My Little Pony, or you think everything Pohl touches turns to gold, you might as well give this one a pass. There are better uses for your time. The quote on the cover says it all—it's a “satisfactory effort.” If Ballantine wants my quote for the next edition, it's “Great. I need a nap now.”
Rating: 7.5 Idly Severed Jugulars
Questions for Critical Cover-Viewing:
Why is it that the next evolutionary leap in human development simultaneously grants us the freedom to do spacewalks sans spacesuit and an obsession with what would certainly be antiquated modes of transport by the time the gene had developed?
As current NASA figures put it, it now costs $10,000 US to send one pound into space. Use the tables in the back of your text to calculate how much it would cost to send these bicycle parts into space, and then subtract the money saved on returning the dead, mentally deficient astronauts who left the cockpit to play with them. Show your work.
If this is what the Apollo missions saw on the way to the moon, is that why we don't go back there anymore?
Click to find us on Facebook and Twitter, and Tumblr. We are also all over /r/badscificovers.
Advertisements
A new study shows that Beef production is substantially more environmentally destructive than chicken and pork combined— requiring 28 times more land and 11 times more water.
The heavy impact that the meat industry has on the environment has been known for a while, but recent research now shows the scale and extent of the effects compared to other agricultural products. Agriculture is a significant contributor to global warming, creating 15% of the world's total emissions— half of that coming from livestock. Along with using 28 times more land and 11 times more water than pork and chicken, beef production also produces 5 times the amount of climate-warming emissions.
When you start comparing the amount of resources that go into producing beef per calorie as opposed to other agricultural products such as potatoes, wheat, rice, and legumes, things get really out of control; taking up 160 times the amount of land and producing 11 times the amount of green house gasses.
Professor Tim Benton, at the University of Leeds, said the new research is based on national US data, rather than farm-level studies and provides a useful overview. “It captures the big picture,” they said, adding that livestock is the key to the sustainability of global agriculture.
“The biggest intervention people could make towards reducing their carbon footprints would not be to abandon cars, but to eat significantly less red meat,” Benton said. “Another recent study implies the single biggest intervention to free up calories that could be used to feed people would be not to use grains for beef production in the US.” However, they said the subject was always controversial: “This opens a real can of worms.”
Prof Mark Sutton, at the UK's Centre for Ecology and Hydrology, said: “Governments should consider these messages carefully if they want to improve overall production efficiency and reduce the environmental impacts. But the message for the consumer is even stronger. Avoiding excessive meat consumption, especially beef, is good for the environment.”
A separate study of people's eating habits showed that a meat heavy diet caused double the amount of global warming emissions than that of their vegetarian counterparts.
The study of people's diets was conducted by University of Oxford scientists and found that meat-rich diets – defined as more than 100g per day – resulted in 7.2kg of carbon dioxide emissions. In contrast, both vegetarian and fish-eating diets caused about 3.8kg of CO2 per day, while vegan diets produced only 2.9kg. The research analysed the food eaten by 30,000 meat eaters, 16,000 vegetarians, 8,000 fish eaters and 2,000 vegans.
The main issue is sustainability. An additional 3 billion people could be fed on the existing cropland if it was used more efficiently. Beef production is such an inefficient process. Very little of the resources used in producing beef is actually getting passed into the bloodstream, especially when you start feeding cattle grain rather than grass. It just does not make sustainable or economic sense to use so many resources for the amount of calories you get in return.
Humanities population by 2050 is projected to reach 9 billion people. With current food production methods; we would need to increase food production by 70% in order to feed the extra 2 billion people. Using the resources that are normally used for beef production would be better spent feeding humans.
Consider lowering the amount of meat you eat per week, if everyone cut out one extra day to enjoy a meat free meal, it would be a step in the right direction. Millennials are the last generation to be able to stop the major effects that global warming will have on our world. It is up to us to keep our home clean and safe for future generations.
Comments
comments
Information Collection
This website does not store any specific information about its users, but only the server logs files where IP and user agents of the users are stored to prevent malicious requests. On the other hand, none of the queries or the input data is stored or shared with anyone.
Cookies & Google Cookies
This website does not store any specific information about its users, but server generates log files where IP and user agents of the users are stored temporarily to prevent malicious requests. On the other hand, none of the queries or the input data is stored or shared with anyone.
Google, may use cookies to serve ads to users based on their browsing history, but users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings page.
Furthermore, this website uses Google Analytics to get more insights about users where the IP addresses for all the events are anonymized. To get more information on how Google uses data, see this Google's Privacy and Terms page.
These website uses Disqus for comments. Disqus may inject a cookie to convey information like IP addresses to their servers about users. For more information see the Disqus Privacy Policy page.
Terms of Service
Morsify provides the website and the service "as is " and "as available " without warranty of any kind. Without limiting this, we expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding the website and the service including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement. By visiting this website, you agree that Morsify is not responsible or liable for the adverse effects resulting from the use of this website.
Updated on September 3, 2018.
Today we are excited to announce an improved and expanded way to consume Azure Diagnostic Logs: Streaming via Event Hubs. Azure Diagnostic Logs are logs emitted by a resource and provide insight into the operation of that resource. The content of these logs varies by resource type; for example, Windows event system logs are one category of Diagnostic Log for VMs, and blob, table, and queue logs are categories of Diagnostic Logs for storage accounts. These differ from Audit Logs, which provide insight into the operations that were performed on resources in your subscription. Previously, you could only store these logs for audit in a Storage account. Now, you can easily set up streaming Diagnostic Logs to Event Hubs using the Portal or the Azure PowerShell Cmdlets.
What can I do with Diagnostics Logs and Event Hubs?
Here are just a few ways you might use the streaming capability for Diagnostic Logs:
Stream logs to 3rd party logging and telemetry systems – Over time, Event Hubs streaming will become the mechanism to pipe your Diagnostic Logs into 3rd party SIEMs and log analytics solutions.
– Over time, Event Hubs streaming will become the mechanism to pipe your Diagnostic Logs into 3rd party SIEMs and log analytics solutions. View service health by streaming “hot path” data to Power BI – Using Event Hubs, Stream Analytics, and PowerBI, you can easily transform your diagnostics data into near real-time insights on your Azure services. This documentation article gives a great overview of how to set up an Event Hubs, process data with Stream Analytics, and use Power BI as an output. Here are a few tips for setting this up with Diagnostic Logs: The Event Hubs for a category of Diagnostic Logs is created automatically when you check the option in the portal or enable it through PowerShell, so you will want to select the Event Hubs in the Service Bus namespace with the name that starts with “insights-” Here's a sample Stream Analytics query you can use to simply parse all of the log data into a PowerBI table: SELECT records.ArrayValue.[Properties you want to track] INTO [OutputSourceName – the PowerBI source] FROM [InputSourceName] AS e CROSS APPLY GetArrayElements(e.records) AS records
– Using Event Hubs, Stream Analytics, and PowerBI, you can easily transform your diagnostics data into near real-time insights on your Azure services. This documentation article gives a great overview of how to set up an Event Hubs, process data with Stream Analytics, and use Power BI as an output. Here are a few tips for setting this up with Diagnostic Logs: Build a custom telemetry and logging platform – If you already have a custom-built telemetry platform or are just thinking about building one, the highly scalable publish-subscribe nature of Event Hubs allows you to flexibly ingest diagnostic logs. See Dan Rosanova's guide to using Event Hubs in a global scale telemetry platform here.
How do I enable streaming of Diagnostic Logs?
You can enable streaming of Diagnostic Logs either programmatically or via the portal. Either way, you will pick a Service Bus Namespace and an Event Hubs will be created in the namespace for each log category you enable. A Diagnostic Log Category is a type of log that a resource may collect. You can select which log categories you'd like to collect for a particular resource in the Azure Portal under the Diagnostics blade.
Via PowerShell Cmdlets
To enable streaming via the Azure PowerShell Cmdlets, you can use the Set-AzureRmDiagnosticSetting cmdlet with these parameters:
Set-AzureRmDiagnosticSetting -ResourceId [your resource Id] -ServiceBusRuleId [your service bus rule id] -Enabled $true
The Service Bus Rule ID will be a string with this format: {service bus resource ID}/authorizationrules/{key name}.
Note: This option will become available in the next Azure PowerShell update.
Via Azure CLI
To enable streaming via the Azure CLI, you can use the insights diagnostic set command like this:
azure insights diagnostic set --resourceId <resourceId> --serviceBusRuleId <serviceBusRuleId> --enabled true
Note: This option will become available in the next Azure CLI update.
You should use the same format for Service Bus Rule ID as explained for the PowerShell Cmdlet.
Via Azure Portal
To enable streaming via the Azure Portal, navigate to the diagnostics settings of a resource and select ‘Export to Event Hubs.'
In order to configure it, select an existing Service Bus Namespace. The namespace selected will be where the Event Hubs is created (if this is your first time streaming diagnostic logs) or streamed to (if there are already resources that are streaming that log category to this namespace), and the policy defines the permissions the streaming mechanism has. Today, streaming to an Event Hubs requires Manage, Read, and Send permissions. You can create or modify Service Bus Namespace shared access policies in the classic portal under the “Configure” tab for your Service Bus Namespace. To update one of these Diagnostic Settings, the client must have the ListKey permission on the Service Bus Authorization Rule.
How do I consume the log data from Event Hubs?
Here is sample output data from the Event Hubs:
{ "records": [ { "time": "2016-07-15T18:00:22.6235064Z", "workflowId": "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/DF602C9C-7AA0-407D-A6FB-EB20C8BD1192/RESOURCEGROUPS/JOHNKEMTEST/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.LOGIC/WORKFLOWS/JOHNKEMTESTLA", "resourceId": "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/DF602C9C-7AA0-407D-A6FB-EB20C8BD1192/RESOURCEGROUPS/JOHNKEMTEST/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.LOGIC/WORKFLOWS/JOHNKEMTESTLA/RUNS/08587330013509921957/ACTIONS/SEND_EMAIL", "category": "WorkflowRuntime", "level": "Error", "operationName": "Microsoft.Logic/workflows/workflowActionCompleted", "properties": { "$schema":"2016-04-01-preview", "startTime":"2016-07-15T17:58:55.048482Z", "endTime":"2016-07-15T18:00:22.4109204Z", "status":"Failed", "code":"BadGateway", "resource":{ "subscriptionId": "df602c9c-7aa0-407d-a6fb-eb20c8bd1192", "resourceGroupName":"JohnKemTest", "workflowId":"243aac67fe904cf195d4a28297803785", "workflowName":"JohnKemTestLA", "runId":"08587330013509921957", "location":"westus", "actionName":"Send_email" }, "correlation":{ "actionTrackingId":"29a9862f-969b-4c70-90c4-dfbdc814e413", "clientTrackingId":"08587330013509921958" } } } , { "time": "2016-07-15T18:01:15.7532989Z", "workflowId": "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/DF602C9C-7AA0-407D-A6FB-EB20C8BD1192/RESOURCEGROUPS/JOHNKEMTEST/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.LOGIC/WORKFLOWS/JOHNKEMTESTLA", "resourceId": "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/DF602C9C-7AA0-407D-A6FB-EB20C8BD1192/RESOURCEGROUPS/JOHNKEMTEST/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.LOGIC/WORKFLOWS/JOHNKEMTESTLA/RUNS/08587330012106702630/ACTIONS/SEND_EMAIL", "category": "WorkflowRuntime", "level": "Information", "operationName": "Microsoft.Logic/workflows/workflowActionStarted", "properties": { "$schema":"2016-04-01-preview", "startTime":"2016-07-15T18:01:15.5828115Z", "status":"Running", "resource":{ "subscriptionId":"df602c9c-7aa0-407d-a6fb-eb20c8bd1192", "resourceGroupName":"JohnKemTest", "workflowId":"243aac67fe904cf195d4a28297803785", "workflowName":"JohnKemTestLA", "runId":"08587330012106702630", "location":"westus", "actionName":"Send_email" }, "correlation":{ "actionTrackingId":"042fb72c-7bd4-439e-89eb-3cf4409d429e", "clientTrackingId":"08587330012106702632" } } } ] }
Element Name Description records An array of all log events in this payload. time Time at which the event occurred. category Log category for this event. resourceId Resource ID of the resource that generated this event. operationName Name of the operation. level Optional. Indicates the log event level. properties Properties of the event. The bulk of the event details will be in this JSON object.
Ability to stream Diagnostic Logs to an Event Hubs will be rolling out over the next few months. Right now, you can get started with the following resources:
Network Security Groups
Software Load Balancers
App Service Gateways
Logic Apps
Data Lake
Search
Key Vault
Try it out today and let us know your feedback in the comments section below!
The Obama administration on Thursday finalized a new rule designed to cut methane emissions from the oil and natural gas sector, pushing a stronger standard than one proposed last summer.
The Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) methane rule sets standards for methane leaks along the natural gas production line, including drilling and pumping, at new or modified wells.
The agency also said it is kicking off work on a rule for methane leaks at existing wells, but acknowledged that won't come until after Obama has left office.
ADVERTISEMENT
Thursday's rule is the EPA's first step toward an administration goal of cutting U.S. methane pollution by 40 percent to 45 percent from 2012 levels by 2025.
Methane is a potent greenhouse gas, with more than 25 times the global warming potential than carbon dioxide. It's the primary component of natural gas, and drillers warn regulations on methane will hurt an American natural gas boom that has upended the country's energy sector.
The EPA's new standards are stronger than those it proposed last summer. The rule, if fully implemented, will reduce 520,000 short tons of methane in 2025, or the equivalent of 11 million metric tons of carbon dioxide. The EPA's proposed rule would have cut up to 400,000 short tons of methane.
The agency said it bolstered many parts of its proposal, including removing exceptions for low-producing wells, expanding leak monitoring and requiring quicker repairs for leaks.
“The common-sense steps we are rolling out today will help combat climate change and reduce air pollution that will immediately help improve public health,” EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy Regina (Gina) McCarthyOvernight Energy: Joshua Tree National Park lost M in fees due to shutdown | Dem senator, AGs back case against oil giants | Trump officials secretly shipped plutonium to Nevada Overnight Energy: Ethics panel clears Grijalva over settlement with staffer | DC aims to run on 100 percent clean energy by 2032 | Judges skeptical of challenge to Obama smog rule Judges skeptical of case against Obama smog rule MORE said on Thursday.
Officials received more than 900,000 comments on the August proposal, which is a top plank of the administration's climate goals.
President Obama pledged in last year's Paris climate agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions by up to 28 percent by 2025, and they and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau this spring agreed to work together on reducing methane.
The agency will also begin collecting information from drillers on the best ways to cut down on methane leaks at existing drilling sites, something environmentalists have said is critical for further slashing methane emissions.
But McCarthy said that process will take a long time, and acknowledged the EPA won't receive enough information to begin writing a new rule while Obama is in office.
“We're going to move as quickly as we can to get the most comprehensive record we can for the next administration to rely on,” they said.
Drillers have warned government regulations on natural gas sites will hurt production in the United States, and have instead said they should take the lead on reducing emissions on their own.
Natural gas producers have a financial incentive for cutting down on methane leaks: more efficient drilling means putting more product on the market.
The American Petroleum Institute has previously noted the industry's work to reduce methane emissions by 11 percent from 2005, and on Thursday said drillers themselves are “already leading the way” on methane leaks.
“Imposing a one-size-fits-all scheme on the industry could actually stifle innovation and discourage investments in new technologies that could serve to further reduce emissions,” API Vice President of Regulatory and Economic Policy Kyle Isakower said in a statement.
The EPA estimates the cost for drillers to comply with the rule will total $530 million by 2025, but that they will recover enough natural gas to make it worth their while.
“We continue to see this as enormously cost effective, and we also predict it will have very little impact in terms of the cost of natural gas and literally no impact on the cost of oil production,” McCarthy said.
Green groups were mostly pleased with the rule on Thursday. The Environmental Defense Fund said the rule is a “crucial way to slow the warming trend” of the Earth, and the Sierra Club said “the EPA and the Obama Administration are rejecting the status quo that has allowed the oil and gas industry to recklessly pollute communities around the country for so long.”
Earthjustice, which represents green causes in legal cases, said it “will defend this rule in court when the oil and gas industry tries to weaken it.”
The conservative Competitive Enterprise Institute hinted at potential legal fights over the rule.
“If these ‘commonsense standards' for the EPA's methane rule are anything like the ‘commonsense standards' used for their power plant rules, we're in for another long battle of correcting the agency's mistakes,” said Myron Ebell, the director of CEI's Center for Energy and Environment.
On Capitol Hill, Republicans immediately criticized the rule.
“This new set of rules will add significant burdens and costs to an already highly regulated industry,” top Energy and Commerce Committee Reps. Fred Upton (R-Mich.), Ed Whitfield Wayne (Ed) Edward WhitfieldWhy Republicans took aim at an ethics watchdog What Azerbaijan wants from Israel? Overnight Energy: Green group sues Exxon over climate science MORE (R-Ky.) and John Shimkus (R-Ill.) said in a statement.
“Our economy is already on shaky ground, and more layers of federal regulation will only serve to threaten existing jobs and discourage new domestic production.”
—This post was updated at 11:39 a.m.
Watford boss Quique Sanchez Flores says they won't stand in the way of any player who wants to leave Vicarage Road before the transfer window closes, including striker Matej Vydra.
The Czech Republic international joined the Golden Boys permanently this summer after impressing in two previous loan spells.
The 23-year-old signed a five-year deal but has been an unused substitute during the Hornets' opening two Premier League fixtures.
That alerted Championship side Nottingham Forest who approached Watford this week in hope of taking Vydra on loan.
We understand Forest's enquiry was turned down by the Hornets. However, Flores appears happy to let players depart if they are not willing to fight for their place in the squad.
Speaking this morning, the Watford head coach said: “I know what Vydra's situation is.  They are in a similar situation to other players.  They are not playing at the start but the season is very long.
“Players need passion to earn their opportunity. Others don't want to wait for a long time. I respect the character of the players and if somebody wants to leave then it is important to open the door.”
The Spaniard added: “Players always want to play. They train during the week because they want to play. Sometimes when players are not playing they lack passion.
“Players look at other options and I respect that. I was a player, I know that in their heads they have an idea to change club [if their situation isn't as they'd hoped].
“The final decision doesn't depend on the player. We have to wait a little longer. We haven't made an official decision. Maybe we will in three or four days.
“But football depends on a lot of things and those things can change quickly in one day.”
Given Watford's squad currently consists of 30 players it is inevitable several will leave before the transfer window closes on September 1.
Flores admits the sheer number of players currently training at London Colney hasn't made their job any easier, especially when it comes to naming their match-day squad.
“It is not easy to plan training sessions for 30 players,” they said. “But I knew that was the situation before the start of the season. Until the market closes players are going to come in until the last moment and they will go until the last moment.
“It is difficult because when you name the squad list for the game you can't explain to every player why they haven't made the list.
“I don't say ‘you were close to being on the list but you're out'. Some players don't know all my feelings as to why they are not on the list.
“I want to say though the list [for Sunday's game against Southampton] will be the hardest list to choose from so far.”
I have been reading a lot of books lately about business and management and leadership. These great books are full of stories from incredible leaders about the ups and downs of team leadership and what they learned from it and I've decided that everything comes down to this simple success-guaranteed leadership process:
Don't lie
Nobody–especially someone in a leadership position–fails because they are lazy. You don't become a leader if you're lazy and you don't fail because you started being lazy. Work ethic and motivation are not the hardest things about leadership:
The hardest thing about leadership is being honest: first and foremost with yourself, then with your team.
There are many implications, but fundamentally, I believe that
If you are honest with yourself and your team then you will tend to make good decisions, and if you make enough good decisions in a row then you will succeed.
The other thing I believe (and I think you will agree) is that honesty requires work. This is because:
It's easier to make an excuse (lie) than it is to fix a genuine problem.
It's easier to rationalize (lie) than it is to make a necessary change of direction.
It's easier to ignore (lie) than it is to deal with a relational issue eating away at your team.
Now if this was obvious (it usually isn't) and we understood the implications (we often don't) then it wouldn't be an issue. But the truth is that sometimes we lie because we just don't care enough, sometimes we lie genuinely without knowing it and sometimes we lie because we just aren't conscious enough of the implications. None of these reasons are worthwhile excuses so I decided I wanted to take some times reflect on how to avoid 'em.
1. Being Aware of the Implications
First and foremost it's imperative to be constantly conscious of the long-term impact of your day-to-day decisions as a leader. It's very easy to get so caught up in the daily grind that your sense of long term goals and whether or not you are actually making progress ends up buried in lists of tasks and issues. For the average person, no big deal. For the average leader this is the difference between failure and success. You need to be aware.
You need to be able to pull yourself out of the day to day and question whether or not you are setting the right long term goals and short term steps. Nobody else will do it because it's nobody else's job.
Do this: spend 15 minutes every day before you turn on your time-sucking machine (computer) thinking about the day, then the week and then the month. This simple reflection will rejuvenate your awareness and I guarantee these 15 minute a day is a good investment.
2. Caring
There are two things about being a leader, one which is really great and one which is really frightening and they are both that people are following you.
You have the opportunity and the responsibility to make good decisions, but in some cases you will be the only one who even knows a decision should be made. This leaves the full weight and responsibility on your shoulders.
You are the one with the information, the mandate and the motivation to make the decision. It's important to recognize and embrace the fact that nobody else is in your position, and if you aren't taking the ownership you should then you should be honest about that and replace yourself as soon as possible.
Ask yourself this:
Is the success of the project you're leading or the company you're running more important to you than your position or influence?
If it isn't, you're going to have a hard time being honest with yourself. The less you genuinely care about the project you're leading the easier it is to ignore the importance of your honesty as a leader.
It sounds obvious when you read it, but it's incredibly subtle and very easy to miss this unintentional shift in your priorities. Create opportunities and discussions that force you to evaluate yourself. Reflect on why you do what you do. Allow your motivations to be questioned regularly.
Care. If you don't, you should probably replace yourself and do something else.
3. Ignorantia legis neminem excusat
Ignorance of the law does not excuse
When leading a team or a product or a company, saying “I didn't know” is an outstandingly poor excuse. It doesn't excuse you from your directors or investors, and it shouldn't. They're counting on you to know. They are betting their money on your ability to know. Your team expects you to know. And, well, your success as a leader does genuinely hinge on your ability to “know”.
Being smart is important, but being able to build a culture of trust is far more important, especially as a leader. As a leader, despite the fact that you will be a major decision maker you will also (ironically) end up too far removed from the details to be able to spot the problems. So unless you have built a culture where your team–at every level–is comfortable saying “this is wrong” you, as a leader, will fail to “know”.
I was fortunate enough to get stuck with a boss who wouldn't ever accept an excuse of any kind. This forced me to evaluate my mistakes and learn from them instead of rationalizing them. This distinction is absolutely critical and usually painful to learn. So if you do end up in a scenario where you didn't know, don't say “I didn't know”. Instead explain why you didn't know and what you are going to do to make sure you don't ever not know again. This is an opportunity to fix a lack of visibility, and not taking advantage of it will hurt in the long run.
Make sure you regularly put your team in an environment where every member can reflect and feel comfortable questioning and challenging you and raising issues. Maybe it's a weekly or even daily activity wherein everyone is given the opportunity to raise red flags no matter how grave the implications may be.
A culture of trust along with an ability to evaluate failures instead of excusing them will help you avoid situations where you find yourself wanting to say “I didn't know”.
There is no easy way, and experience (and failure) is definitely the best teacher, but I hope this short article and few questions can help you keep yourself accountable and avoid some mistakes.
Over a million rain-soaked loyal subjects watched the Queen's barge and a thousand support vessels bobble along the Thames this weekend to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee. And around the country many more millions joined the festivities at street parties, country fairs, community dances and cake sales.
But now the Union Jacks have been put away, we can sit back calmly and consider the big question raised by this extraordinary spectacle: How is it possible, in a modern democratic age, that 80% of British people (I'm Australian, by the way) still support the institution of monarchy – an unelected, hereditary head of state?
The cover story of this week's New Statesman magazine attempts an answer, arguing that the Queen has presided over ‘perhaps the most successful brand resurrection in public relations history'. Everything began to go wrong in 1992, the famous annus horribilis, when Charles and Diana separated, Princess Anne divorced and Fergie was caught having their toes sucked by an American. But since then the Royal Family has undergone a brilliant PR makeover: the Queen agreed to pay income tax, minor royals have been cut from the civil list, and the family's public persona is now tightly managed by a small army of communications professionals.
All of this has indeed galvanised support for the monarchy. But it is a mistake to believe that the royal reliance on a well-oiled PR machine is a modern invention. In fact, the real PR revolution took place in the nineteenth century, when the monarchy was under more serious public assault than we can ever imagine today. And we are still living with the legacy.
First, to set the picture. One of the main reasons people give for preserving the monarchy is that it is a ‘great British tradition' and a time-honoured symbol of national unity. At royal weddings and anniversaries, hundreds of thousands flock to see the gilded carriage glide by, the ermine cloaks and plumed hats, the gunfire salutes and stately processions (half a million were there to watch Wills and Kate tie the knot last year). Television commentators reinforce the idea that these are ancient customs stretching back into the mists of time, with remarks like, ‘all the pageantry and grandeur of a thousand-year-old tradition', ‘a pageantry that has gone on for hundreds of years' and ‘all the precision that comes from centuries of precedent'.
This is largely, to put it mildly, nonsense. Most of these royal ceremonies and rituals, including the latest Jubilee, are creations of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. They are what historians call ‘invented traditions' – conscious efforts on the part of those in power to subtly influence our beliefs by providing a compelling but illusory sense of continuity with the past.
So why exactly did the British monarchy need to invent traditions, and how did it do so?
Few people today realise that for the first three-quarters of the nineteenth century, the monarchy was an object of public derision and something of a national joke. George IV was ridiculed for their extravagance and womanising, and their marriage to Queen Caroline was an unprecedented public scandal. When they died in 1830, The Times bequeathed them a damning editorial: ‘There never was an individual less regretted by their fellow creatures than this deceased king. What eye has wept for him? What heart has heaved one throb of unmercenary sorrow?' Can you imagine a national newspaper casting such a verdict on a royal figure (even Prince Charles) now?
Moreover, despite what many people might think, Victoria's early reign distinctly lacked regal grandeur. As historian David Cannadine points out, their coronation in 1838 was an unrehearsed fiasco: the clergy lost their place in the order of service, the coronation ring didn't fit and they didn't bother singing the national anthem. From the very beginning they were criticised in the press for their political meddling and was constantly lampooned by cartoonists.
When Victoria effectively retired from public life in the 1860s, the pressures on the monarchy began mounting. With the extension of the franchise and rise of worker organisations, class consciousness was beginning to rival national allegiance. Between 1871 and 1874, eighty-four republican clubs were founded, and Prime Minister Gladstone worried about the ‘stability of the throne'.
It was in this atmosphere of crisis that a concerted effort was made to shore up the monarchy, and the nation it represented. The solution? To resurrect belief in the institution of monarchy by inventing traditions. From the 1870s, writes the historian Eric Hobsbawm, ‘the revival of royal ritualism was seen as a necessary counterweight to the dangers of popular democracy'.
A new era of pomp and circumstance began in 1877 when Victoria was crowned Empress of India – an invented title bestowed by Prime Minister Disraeli – associating them with the glories of the British Empire. For Victoria's Golden Jubilee celebration in 1887, colonial premiers were invited for the first time, and their troops paraded in a masterpiece of ceremonial choreography, while the clergy were fetchingly dressed up in a new wardrobe of embroidered vestments and coloured stoles. Following the festivities, the Archbishop of Canterbury noted with relief that for ‘days afterwards, everyone feels that the socialist movement has had a check'. The event was considered such a success that it was repeated ten years later with even more splendour, for the Diamond Jubilee.
In 1901 Edward VII ensured that their coronation would be remembered for its romantic majesty by having a new, fabulously ornate carriage drive them back from the Abbey. They also transformed the state opening of Parliament into a full-dress ceremony, parading through the streets of London and personally reading the speech from the throne. Edward was an innovator even when dead, creating the tradition of British monarchs publicly lying-in-state: a quarter of a million people filed past their coffin in 1910.
Other changes followed, for instance in 1917, when the royal family sought to obscure its Germanic heritage by altering its name from the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to the House of Windsor (a wise move given that at the time British troops were in the trenches opposite the Germans), and introduced the practice of having royal weddings in public rather than behind closed doors.
It was through such invented traditions that the Crown reasserted itself as a patriotic symbol and ensured the allegiance of the labouring classes. The achievements of this political programme are evident today in the overwhelming support for the monarchy, and the fact that there is virtually no serious public debate about a republican alternative. So next time you see people waving their Union Jacks at a jubilee ceremony, a fairy-tale royal wedding or some other lavish royal parade through London, just remember that you are witnessing the results of a brilliant PR campaign designed to mould the beliefs of whole nation.
If you enjoyed this article, you might like my recent book The Wonderbox: Curious Histories of How to Live (Profile Books), on which it is based. My other new book is How to Find Fulfilling Work (Pan Macmillan), part of a new series of guides to everyday living from The School of Life (edited by Alain de Botton).
MILAN - A Milan appeals court Saturday ordered Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's holding company Fininvest to pay 560 million euros (S$982.6 million) to rival media group CIR in a bribery case, a judge told the ANSA news agency.
In October 2009, a Milan civil court ruled that Compagnie Industriali Riunite (CIR) was entitled to 750 million euros in compensation from Fininvest which wrested control of the leading Mondadori publishing house from CIR in 1990.
A judge ruled at the time that Berlusconi was "co-responsible" for the bribery of a judge who decided in favour of Fininvest in the takeover battle.
CIR, whose honorary president is Berlusconi rival Carlo de Benedetti, controlled the newsweekly L'Espresso and the left-leaning daily newspaper La Repubblica, both avid chroniclers of the sex scandals that have been dogging the Italian premier.
Appeal judges ruled Saturday that the damages incurred by Fininvest amounted to 540 million euros as at the date of the initial judgment, and a total 560 million with interest, ANSA said.
ABC's “Fresh Off the Boat” stars Forrest Wheeler as Emery, Ian Chen as Evan, Constance Wu as Jessica, Randall Park as Louis and Hudson Yang as Eddie. (Bob D'Amico/ABC)
This post has been updated.
When it debuted in February, the new ABC comedy “Fresh Off the Boat” was heralded as a landmark for diversity.
“Diversity on TV takes a step forward with ABC's ‘Fresh off the Boat,' which boosts Asians' scant presence in prime time,” began a New York Times review.
“The show has a radical quality simply because it arrives in a television landscape with few Asian characters,” wrote New Yorker TV critic Emily Nussbaum. “… Simply watching people of color having a private conversation, one that's not primarily about white people, is a huge deal. It changes who the joke is on.”
But for Eddie Huang, a Taiwanese-Chinese-American chef and author of the memoir on which the show is (very loosely) based, the mere presence of Asian American characters doesn't mean the show is doing much to challenge TV's status quo.
“For the record, I don't watch ‘Fresh Off the Boat' on ABC,” they tweeted Wednesday. “I'm happy people of color are able to see a reflection of themselves through ‘Fresh Off the Boat' … but I don't recognize it.”
ABC's "Fresh Off the Boat" is a comedy about an Asian American immigrant family pursuing their dreams. (ABC)
They followed with a string of criticisms of the show, including that it perpetuates Asian stereotypes and misrepresents their life.
“Why do sitcoms have to avoid real issues and instead appropriate the symptoms of our problems for entertainment? I don't accept this,” they wrote.
[Meet Eddie Huang, the memoirist who inspired ‘Fresh Off the Boat']
It's not the first time Huang has criticized the technicolor, ABC-version of their much-darker memoir. Even before its premiere, they expressed frustration with the sitcom.
“My story had become an entertaining but domesticated vehicle to sell dominant culture with Kidz Bop, pot shots and the emasculated Asian male,” they wrote in an essay for New York Magazine in January. “This show isn't about me, nor is it about Asian America. The network won't take that gamble right now.”
But they held out hope for the show, which they saw as an incremental improvement in an industry that hadn't seen an Asian American protagonist since Margaret Cho's “All American Girl” was canceled after 19 episodes.
“Culturally, we are in an ice age,” they told the New York Times Magazine in February. “We don't even have fire. We don't even have the wheel. If this can be the first wheel, maybe others can make three more.”
In their tweets, Huang said they stood behind the pilot but has been disappointed by the episodes that followed it. The show glosses over the complicated, subversive and highly-specific moments from their childhood that made Huang's memoir so well-received.
Louis, TV-Eddie's father, is hapless and good-natured — very different from Huang's own portrayal of their father, who was abusive toward them and their siblings.
“My dad, he's a bad dude. You know, like, not in a bad way but they definitely are a very, very strong male presence in my life,” they told NPR in 2013. “He was a man's man, and they instilled a lot of those old-school masculine values in me — some of them I reject and some of them I accept.”
This publicity book cover image released by Spiegel & Grau shows “Fresh Off the Boat,” a memoir by Eddie Huang. (AP Photo/Spiegel & Grau)
Huang calls their father a “stereotype-breaker,” someone who defies media portrayals of Asian men as “nerdy” or “emasculated.” But they said Louis reinforces the cliché they had worked so hard to subvert.
Huang also took issue with the show's depiction of their passion for hip-hop and black culture, where they sought refuge from their father's abuse and the alienating experience of being the son of immigrants in suburban America.
“It's not a game. That music meant something to me,” they tweeted.
It's not clear what prompted the tweets. The most recent episode of the ABC show, which aired Tuesday, centered around mother Jessica's superstition of the number four, which is considered unlucky in China.
Huang's disappointment with the show was preempted months ago, when reporter Wesley Yang — who spent a week interviewing them about their “tortured ambivalence” toward the ABC adaptation of their life — asked, “What did you expect?”
In this Monday, Jan. 28, 2013 photo, Eddie Huang poses for a picture at their restaurant Baohaus in New York. (Seth Wenig/AP)
“What did I expect?” Huang responded at the time. “I expected I could change things.”
Later they told Yang he'd been naive.
“Network television wasn't what I thought it was,” they said.
Actor Steve Carell has earned acclaim for their comedic work on TV series such as ‘The Daily Show with Jon Stewart' and ‘The Office,' and in films like ‘The 40 Year-Old Virgin' and ‘Foxcatcher.'
Who Is Steve Carell? Born on August 16, 1962, in Concord, Massachusetts, Steve Carell started to make television and movie appearances in the early 1990s. They earned more recognition on The Dana Carvey Show and in 1999 they joined The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. In 2005, they got their breakthrough role as the comical boss in the sitcom The Office and also had major box-office success as Andy Stitzer in The 40 Year-Old Virgin. In more recent years, they have kept busy with a range of film roles. In 2014, they had an Oscar-nominated turn in the film Foxcatcher portraying John du Pont, followed by roles in Minions, Freeheld, The Big Short and Battle of the Sexes, earning Golden Globe nominations for the latter two. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Early Life Actor and comedian Steven John Carell was born on August 16, 1962, in Concord, Massachusetts. Carell was the youngest of Edwin and Harriet Carell's four sons. Steve's father, whose family traces its roots back to Italy, changed their last name from Caroselli before Steve's birth. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website As a student, Carell attended The Fenn School, a private school for boys in Concord, Massachusetts, and then Middlesex School before heading out to Ohio to attend Denison University. Carell initially had their sights set on a legal career, taking classes as a pre-law student. They spent their off-time doing sketch comedy, becoming a member of the country's oldest collegiate improv group, Burpee's Seedy Theatrical Company. "I was actually filling out my law school applications," Carell later recalled. "And I got to the essay question, which was, 'Why do you want to be an attorney?' And I couldn't answer it. I really didn't know. And I went in and talked to my parents and they asked me, like, 'What do you enjoy doing?' 'What have you always liked to do?' And I said, 'Well, I've always liked to act. I mean, it's always been fun.' And they're the ones who said, 'Well, then do it.'"
Working in Comedy What that meant, however, was anything but instant stardom. Carell, who graduated from Denison in 1984, patched together a living, eventually making their way out to Chicago. By 1991, he'd put together a strong enough resume to become a cast member of the well-regarded Second City comedy troupe. Their career there would span almost a decade, as Carell performed with and taught for the troupe. While in Second City, Carell's work and life took dramatic leaps forward. They started to make television and movie appearances, including a minor role in the 1991 John Hughes film Curly Sue. They also started to gain more name recognition as a writer and performer on The Dana Carvey Show. Carell was also experiencing success in their romantic life; while teaching a course at Second City, they met student Nancy Walls, a comedy writer and actor. The two began dating and were married in 1995.
'The Daily Show' In 1999, Carell and Walls moved to New York City along with another Second City alumnus, Stephen Colbert, to join the cast of the The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, Comedy Central's fake news program. Over the next five years, Carell, who played one of the show's correspondents, filed some of the series' more memorable field reports. They interviewed political heavyweights like Arizona senator and presidential hopeful John McCain as well as lesser-known, eccentric newsmakers. Carell's deadpan humor and penchant for placing themselves in absurd situations was perfect for the program and its growing audience. "The best [interviews] were when we were taking the piss out of someone who deserved it—anyone intolerant or racist," Carell later told Esquire. "Those people were fair game. I always had a bad taste in my mouth when we had to go out and make fun of someone who was just eccentric or crazy through no fault of their own. It was just shooting fish in a barrel. So I always tried to make myself the butt of the jokes, to act the idiot, which probably wasn't too much of a stretch."
Breakout Role In 2005, Carell moved to network television for a starring role in the new NBC sitcom The Office. The show, based on a BBC comedy of the same name, cast Carell in the role of Michael Scott, a mid-level sales manager for a paper supply company in Scranton, Pennsylvania. In an age when networks were struggling to find hits, The Office proved to be one of television's more successful comedies. But just as Carell was beginning to enjoy popularity for their small screen efforts, they began looking to take on more ambitious projects. This meant tackling films such as the 2003 comedy Bruce Almighty, starring Jim Carrey, and its 2007 sequel Evan Almighty, with Carell taking the lead. They delivered another funny supporting performance as Uncle Arthur in Bewitched (2005), starring Will Ferrell and Nicole Kidman. That same year, Carell headlined the comedy of the summer—The 40 Year-Old Virgin, a film they also co-wrote that grossed more than $177 million worldwide.
Film Career, Oscar Nod and Recent Projects In the years that followed, Carell continued to stay busy. In addition to their role on The Office, Carell has taken on a steady stream of film work that includes Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (2005), Little Miss Sunshine (2006), Dan in Real Life (2007), Horton Hears a Who (2008), Get Smart (2008) and Date Night (2010). Turning to serious, disturbing drama, Carell portrayed murderer John du Pont (sometimes spelled "DuPont") in the film Foxcatcher (2014). Carell's role, for which the actor earned Oscar, Golden Globe and SAG nominations, shows the DuPont Co. heir's relationship with Olympic wrestler brothers Mark and David Schultz—played by Channing Tatum and Mark Ruffalo, respectively—before the tragic murder of David at the hands of du Pont in 1996. The film was next in line for director Bennett Miller after they helmed the Oscar-nominated Moneyball (2011). Following a turn in the animated spinoff Minions, Carell appeared in two more projects during fall 2015. Freeheld saw Carell play a gay rights activist helping a lesbian couple denied their pension, while The Big Short featured the actor as a volatile hedge fund manager who gets involved in disrupting the delinquent home loan market. The Big Short was nominated for four Golden Globes, including a nod for best picture, musical or comedy, with Carell earning a nomination for lead actor, along with Christian Bale. In January 2016, Carrel and their wife launched Angie Tribeca, a police-themed comedy series on TBS starring Rashida Jones in the title role. The following year, they made waves alongside Emma Stone in Battle of the Sexes, about the infamous 1973 tennis match between Bobby Riggs and Billy Jean King. Carell and Stone both earned Golden Globe nominations for their performances.
Samsung is obviously working on getting final, stable Android 7.0 Nougat updates for its flagship devices out as soon as possible - in fact there have already been several beta releases for the Galaxy S7. But what about the mid-rangers? At the beginning of the month we heard that the entire Galaxy A (2016) line would in fact be graced with the ability to taste the sweet treat, even if a timeline for the rollout wasn't shared.
That's perhaps to be expected, but what about a member of the original A series? Namely, the Galaxy A5 from 2014. You probably wouldn't hold your breath expecting this model to receive a Nougat update, would you?
Well, too bad, because that's exactly what's going to happen. Optus, an Australian carrier, has confirmed that the update to Nougat for the A5 units it's sold is currently in testing, and if everything goes well it's expected to roll out in late January.
The Galaxy A5 launched running Android 4.4 KitKat, and it's already been bumped up to Lollipop and then Marshmallow. So if this actually happens, the original A5 will be one of the longest-supported Samsung smartphones ever. Hopefully the Nougat update won't be limited to Australia and will make its way across the globe, if not in January, then in February and the months coming after that.
Source | Via
Last year, Queerty exposed two internal Salvation Army USA documents that lays out exactly how the religious org planned to battle the negative publicity from my campaign to get them to apologize for their anti-LGBTQ past.
After reading the memos describing their plan for a “strategy of containment” that includes whitewashing their past, confusing potential donors, and refusing to take responsibility for their horrendous history of discrimination, it seems appropriate to release exactly what they don't want revealed: the public apology that the church leadership refuses to issue.
In two separate documents, the Salvation Army clearly is more interested in using PR spin to deflect attention and make LGBTQ people doubt whether or not the group's history is worthy of an apology. In a 24-page memo titled “2014 Nondiscrimination Communications & Protocols,” the org's public relations department spells out exactly how local and regional branches of the not-for-profit should respond to critics.
“In April 2013, The Salvation Army's National Advisory Board adopted an aggressive issues management plan, with specific emphasis on addressing allegations of discrimination on on [sic] ongoing basis,” the document reads under a section marked “Preparations.” It notes that “The Salvation Army NHQ communications team and Richards Partners have held issue briefings and media training workshops in 2013 and 2014 for more than 150 of the highest ranking officers and respective public relations officials.”
Sadly, the organization has been in constant communication with me in an attempt to duplicitously silence my campaign demanding an apology. In 2013, the group's public relations team expressed interest in issuing the public apology to LGBTQ people that I requested, and asked me to write it for them. I did, and the team said they'd pass it on to national and regional leadership for approval.
As the months passed, the org stayed in touch with me and gave excuse after excuse as to why they hadn't issued the apology yet. They didn't want to put it out during the run-up to Christmas out of fear of offending the religious right. They didn't want to put it out immediately after Christmas because it would seem patronizing to LGBTQ people. And they didn't want to put it out during the summer months because they were suddenly having problems with the approval process. New leadership was in place, they said, and now they had to start all over again.
They knew they had a problem. They knew they needed to fix it. And they wanted to take responsibility and issue an apology. These new leaked documents expose just how untrue the breadcrumbs they tossed my way were.
Last year, the group's social media team worked overtime to reach out to Facebook and Twitter users who shared my post or said anything negative about the church. One canned message used repeatedly is expressly given in the document as a “suggested Facebook post” for church members.
Instead of taking responsibility for their history of rampant discrimination, they encouraged their followers and staff to lie and deny.
The canned text reads:
“These accusations simply aren't true. Since its founding nearly 150 years ago, The Salvation Army has lived out its mission: To meet human need in Their name, without discrimination. People who come to the Army for assistance will be served according to their need and our capacity to help – regardless of race, gender, ethnicity, or sexual orientation.”
Another suggested posting goes even further in an attempt to deflect responsibility – and directly contradicts the last one. Instead of saying the claims “aren't true,” in this version they “acknowledge” that discrimination happens “occasionally.”
It says:
“We acknowledge that because of our size and scope, occasionally, one of our millions of employees or volunteers might say or do something that does not reflect our true values. We address these incidents as soon as they arise. The Salvation Army believes that all people are equal regardless of sexual orientation or any other factor, including race, gender, and ethnicity.”
Just as the org is lying about the well-documented “accusations” of abuse, they also include links to articles published online that contain misinformation and obvious factual errors. The PR team also says that fact-checked reporting from the New York Times, New York Post, and other mainstream media outlets is “inaccurate.”
A quick check of court records and widespread national news belies their spin.
Now, with the group lying and trying to cover their tracks, it appears the Salvation Army USA will never issue the apology they asked my help in crafting. After the documents were leaked, I wrote to Communications Director Jennifer Byrd – with whom I've worked closely on the proposed apology – to ask if they were simply yanking me around in an attempt to keep me from beating the drum that they have a horrible history of discriminating against LGBTQ people.
There was no response.
It's incredibly disappointing to see from the internal Salvation Army documents posted by Queerty that the org opted for a “policy of containment” instead of taking a proactive approach of working with the LGBTQ community to heal old wounds. Instead of “doing the most good,” the SA-USA opted to spin the truth and gloss over their extremely anti-LGBTQ past. I continue to hope that they'll actually “do the most good” some day, but that obviously isn't their priority right now.
Since the Salvation Army won't publicly release the apology they asked me to prepare, I will. You can also read the 24-page memo yourself here [pdf] and be sure to head over to Queerty to read the extra memo they've printed on their site.
The next time the Salvation Army tries to tell you they “do the most good” and attempts to sell you their new pro-LGBTQ image in exchange for your red kettle donation, ask them to publicly apologize to LGBTQ people. Forgiveness begins with an apology.
Read the full apology below.
The Apology the Salvation Army Won't Release
Surgeons who like to sing while they cut and sew in the operating room should feel comfortable about continuing on after the BC Health Professions Review Board dismissed a complaint from a patient offended by their eye surgeon's vocals.
The unnamed cataract surgery patient filed a complaint to the College of Physicians and Surgeons of BC after the eye surgery in May, 2011. Since they were awake the whole time, the patient could hear everything. They said they heard their surgeon not only singing while implanting a new lens, but also discussing with others in the OR their plans to take home the hospital's linens, so they could wash their car with them.
The precise song and the quality of the surgeon's singing voice is not mentioned.
The College dismissed the complaint and then the patient appealed to the Review Board.
Dr. Shelley Ross, president of the B.C. Medical Association, agrees with the outcome.
“From one who has spent many years in the OR, the time the patient should get concerned is when the singing or talking stops and there is complete silence,” they said in an email.
David Hobbs, chair of the review board panel, said the complainant thought the surgeon's singing and chatter was “unacceptable, arrogant, disrespectful and shameful.”
But the review board agreed with the College that the complaint was trivial.
Susan Prins, spokesperson for the College, said the patient's care wasn't compromised by the surgeon's conduct but the regulatory body still must remind doctors that they have to be professional in all interactions with patients.
Just before the National Hockey League playoffs a few years ago, the College decided to warn surgeons to skip Vancouver Canucks chit-chat to avoid upsetting patients.
The College said talking about things other than the surgical task at hand in the operating room was unprofessional and inappropriate. That warning arose after the college received a complaint from a patient who heard their eye surgeon talking hockey with the scrub nurses. They said it made them uncomfortable because they worried it would disrupt their surgeon's concentration, possibly leading to a mistake.
College registrar Dr. Heidi Oetter was unavailable for an interview Wednesday but when previously asked about such matters they said that doctors should be discreet, not only in the operating room but in any area where they might be overheard chatting with associates about seemingly irrelevant, non-medical topics.
``In a patient-centred system, you first consider the patient. Some patients may want to hear their surgeon announce what is happening and other patients may not want to hear a word,'' they said, noting it's up to surgeons to gauge the level of comfort patients have with conversation or background music.
While some surgeons use music in the operating room to heighten their concentration or to relax, Oetter said patient preference should also dictate whether it's used, especially if patients are alert during procedures.
TAMPA, Fla. – Marcel Schäfer's outstanding strike for the Tampa Bay Rowdies against FC Cincinnati on April 19 at Nippert Stadium has been voted the USL Fans' Choice Goal of the Month for March/April of the 2017 season, with the former German international sweeping to victory on the back of their first goal as a member of the Rowdies.
An offseason arrival from the Bundesliga's VfL Wolfsburg, Schäfer made a big impression in the USL Game of the Week on ESPN3 in Week 4 of the season. Picking up possession in the center-circle, they advanced into space and launched a fierce shot that was tracked at travelling 37 yards into the right corner of the net. The goal earned the No. 2 position on ESPN's SportsCenter Top 10 that night, one of four goals in the USL to appear over the month of April.
Schäfer's goal received 68 percent of the vote conducted online at USLSoccer.com that concluded on Monday morning. Louisville City FC's Brian Ownby finished second with 12 percent for their outstanding finish, also against FC Cincinnati, while OKC Energy FC's Miguel Gonzalez finished third with seven percent for their bicycle-kick finish against Sacramento Republic FC.
The idea that Russia was off the radar when Donald Trump Jr. took the meeting struck many as strange, especially Trump's critics. | Getty Trump and son suffering from amnesia on ‘Russia fever,' critics say
There was no “Russian fever” in June 2016, Donald Trump Jr. says now, as they try to justify their meeting with a Kremlin-connected lawyer who promised dirt on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. President Donald Trump has repeated the talking point in defending their eldest son.
“And you have to understand, when that took place, this was before Russia fever,” Trump told Reuters in an interview Wednesday. “There was no Russia fever back then, that was at the beginning of the campaign, more or less. There was no Russia fever.”
Story Continued Below
Just the day before Trump Jr. received the email promising dirt, however, Clinton had devoted significant time in a major foreign policy speech to slamming Trump's warmth toward the Russian regime. Indeed, for months Trump critics had been questioning why the candidate was so full of praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“And they said if they were grading Vladimir Putin as a leader, he'd give them an A. Now, I'll leave it to the psychiatrists to explain their affection for tyrants,” Clinton said in the June 2 speech. “I just wonder how anyone could be so wrong about who America's real friends are. Because it matters. If you don't know exactly who you're dealing with, men like Putin will eat your lunch.”
And for months, questions had already been swirling around Trump's campaign chairperson at the time, Paul Manafort, who had significant ties to pro-Russian politicians in Ukraine. As early as February 2016, Trump had noted in a speech that “Putin called me a genius” — a compliment they would repeat again and again throughout the campaign.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
While it wasn't revealed until mid-June by the Democratic National Committee that Russia was behind the hack of its servers, the idea that Russia was off the radar when Trump Jr. took the meeting struck many as strange, especially Trump's critics.
“I'm not sure how it's a defense, even if you accept the premise that the attention on Russia was not as pointed as it became,” said Brian Fallon, Clinton's former campaign press secretary. “The criticisms still apply in terms of they were presented with an invitation to a meeting with someone who was described as a Russian government lawyer.”
But even with that, Fallon said, “I don't agree with the premise. ... There was already a lot of skepticism about Donald Trump's repeated expressions of favorable sentiments toward Putin and Russia.”
The question of whether or not Russia was on center stage struck many as irrelevant.
“The notion that it wasn't at the national level yet strikes me as untrue, but I don't see the connection between that claim and trying to find some sort of exculpatory rationale for taking this meeting,” said Ned Price, a former CIA officer and National Security Council spokesperson in the Obama administration. “It's really irrelevant.”
Regardless of the media environment, Price said, “to take a meeting with a self-professed agent of the Russian government” remains “potentially a crime.”
Longtime Russia watchers also said there was plenty of scrutiny around the Kremlin and its intentions toward Trump around the time of the controversial meeting.
“My own sense is that there was concern in the summer,” said Harley Balzer, a former Georgetown University professor and director of the school's Center of Eurasian, Russian and East European Studies. “I think the fever is a result of repeated denials that were revealed to be lies.”
Indeed, the Russia storm that Trump labels “fake news” and a “witch hunt” was brewing strongly by the late summer of 2016. Former CIA Director Michael Morell took to the pages of The New York Times to raise the alarm about Trump's attitude toward Russia that August, painting a picture of just how long the Russia trouble had been in the works.
“President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia was a career intelligence officer, trained to identify vulnerabilities in an individual and to exploit them. That is exactly what they did early in the primaries. Mr. Putin played upon Mr. Trump's vulnerabilities by complimenting him. They responded just as Mr. Putin had calculated,” Morell wrote.
Of course, the issue has only taken on more prominence in recent months as the intelligence community concluded Russia waged an influence campaign to help elect Trump and a special prosecutor investigates whether the Trump campaign colluded in the effort.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
Joey Barton scores the only goal after six minutes
Burnley are two wins from promotion after moving back to the top of the Championship with victory over local rivals Preston at Deepdale.
Joey Barton's deflected free-kick wrong-footed North End keeper Chris Kirkland to give Burnley an early lead.
Andre Gray and George Boyd almost added a second goal after the break but both hit the woodwork in quick succession.
Jermaine Beckford nodded Preston's best chance over as the Clarets, backed by 5,630 fans, made it 21 games unbeaten.
Burnley have not lost in the Championship since a 3-0 defeat at Hull on Boxing Day, but the fine form of Middlesbrough and Brighton has ensured the battle for promotion will go to the wire.
However, with second-placed Boro playing third-placed Brighton at the Riverside on the final day, Sean Dyche's side will go up with two more wins.
The Clarets, relegated from the Premier League last season, host Queens Park Rangers on 2 May, followed by a trip to Charlton five days later.
And the signs they will make an immediate return to the top flight look good as they head into the matches on the back of their longest unbeaten run since November 1972.
Defeat for Preston, who were in with an outside chance of a play-off place at the start of April, means Simon Grayson's men are now winless in five.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche:
"It's how I want the team to play - that's almost an advert for it. I used the word clarity a lot and I thought that was on show.
"We talk about automaticity and that's the ability to do it properly all the time.
"We do it in training so when it's a game we can deliver and we're showing good signs."
Preston North End boss Simon Grayson:
"We've got honest lads who will give everything. When you look at Burnley and their recovery runs, they get back into their shape.
"It's a learning curve and something to look at for future seasons."
Preston striker Jermaine Beckford has missed the majority of the season after knee surgery
Championship player of the year Andre Gray hit the post early in the second half
The Swedish Bikini Team was a group of American female models who appeared in an advertising campaign for Old Milwaukee beer. These commercials ran for several months in 1991 in the United States, playing with American stereotypes of Scandinavian women being blonde and having big breasts. The premise of the commercials was that a group of bored or thirsty men were "saved" by the Swedish Bikini Team. Other commercials would focus on a group of men male bonding on a hunting trip and saying "Guys, it does not get any better than this", to which a narrator would say the man was wrong and an Old Milwaukee truck would drive miles off road towards them claiming "it improved", "..and when the Swedish Bikini Team showed up, it got somewhat better."[1]
While many viewers saw the ads as a parody of traditional beer advertisements, some feminists found the ads misogynistic.[citation needed] Though the campaign generated widespread interest, the advertisements were dropped after protests by the National Organization for Women and female employees of the Pabst Brewing Company.[2]
While this advertising campaign provoked controversy, in recent years similar campaigns using attractive spokesmodels to sell beverages have followed in the U.S., with less resistance — such as the Coors twins Diane and Elaine Klimaszewski, and the "Fantanas": spokesmodels for Fanta soft drinks.[citation needed]
Members of the team [ edit ]
The Swedish Bikini Team were played by American actores wearing platinum blonde wigs.
Other appearances [ edit ]
The team appeared outside of the commercial campaign on several occasions including on the cover and a pictorial in Playboy and on a Married... with Children episode, "The Gas Station Show". They also had a non speaking appearance on a schooner on an episode of The Adventures of Mark and Brian, where Mark and Brian underwent US Coast Guard training and were attempting to impress the girls by being coasties and asking if they needed rescuing (to which their jet ski then embarrassingly capsizes).
The team, played by different actores, also starred in the video Never Say Never Mind: The Swedish Bikini Team with John Rhys-Davies.
The movies Dumb and Dumber, Beerfest and Boat Trip include female Swedish teams, inspired by the originals.
Team member Heather Elizabeth Parkhurst appeared on Ken Reid's TV Guidance Counselor podcast on April 22, 2015 and discussed the Swedish Bikini Team at length.[3]
Cube-shaped ice is rare, at least at the microscopic level of the ice crystal. Now researchers have coaxed typically hexagonal 3-D ice crystals to form the most cubic ice ever created in the lab.
Cubed ice crystals — which may exist naturally in cold, high-altitude clouds — could help improve scientists' understanding of clouds and how they interact with Earth's atmosphere and sunlight, two interactions that influence climate.
Engineer Barbara Wyslouzil of Ohio State University and colleagues made the cubed ice by shooting nitrogen and water vapor through nozzles at supersonic speeds. The gas mixture expanded and cooled, and then the vapor formed nanodroplets. Quickly cooling the droplets further kept them liquid at normally freezing temperatures. Then, at around –48° Celsius, the droplets froze in about one millionth of a second.
The low-temperature quick
CBS Interactive
Wii users can soon wave goodbye to a host of services currently available through the game console.
Come June 28, Nintendo will pull the plug on five channels in the U.S., Australia, and other countries, specifically the Forecast Channel, the News Channel, the Votes Channel, the Nintendo Channel, and the Check Mii Out Channel.
Channels due to disappear in Japan include the the News Channel, the Weather Channel, the Digicam Print Channel, Everyone's Nintendo Channel, the Votes Channel, and the Mii Contest Channel.
Additionally, Wii users will lose the ability to exchange data with their Wii friends via the WiiConnect24 feature, Nintendo said today in a notice on its Japanese and Australian Web sites.
A few of these channels are available to all Wii owners, while others exist only in certain countries. Nintendo noted that other channels, such as Wii Shop Channel, would be spared the ax.
Just why is Nintendo giving these channels the boot? A company spokesperson offered two reasons to CNET.
The channels have been around for more than six years but currently have a "very low participation rate." Nintendo also plans to focus more of its development efforts on a higher level of services for the Wii U and other products, which means some of the existing Wii services had to be discontinued.
Updated 4/13 5:45 a.m. PT with response from Nintendo.
The scene in Charleston, S.C., on Tuesday morning during high tide. (Jessica Hofford)
Ocean water surged into neighborhoods on the Southeast coast on Tuesday morning during high tide, pushing gauges well beyond predicted levels. Seemingly overnight, spurred by sea level rise, we've entered an era where king tides compete with hurricanes in the water level record books.
Tuesday morning's high tide peaked at 8.69 feet in Charleston, over a foot and a half higher than the predicted level. The highest crest on record in Charleston was 12.56 feet on Sept. 21, 1989 — the day that Hurricane Hugo made landfall in South Carolina.
The water level near Savannah, Ga., reached 10.43 feet, which was the third highest on record for the station. The top two records are 10.47 feet on Aug. 11, 1940, when a Category 2 hurricane made landfall on the Georgia and South Carolina coast, and 10.87 on Oct. 15, 1947, when Hurricane Nine made landfall in the same location.
Residents are saying Tuesday's high tide was worse than South Carolina's “1,000-year flood” in early October.
Incredible images from Sean Compton of the coastal flooding out on HWY 80 #hightide #Savannah pic.twitter.com/AwXGy9QLZK — WSAV News 3 (@WSAV) October 27, 2015
A combination of factors led to the inundation, including peak astronomical tide during a supermoon, onshore winds, a slowing Gulf Current and sea level rise.
According to a recent sea level rise report by the Union of Concerned Scientists, days with tidal flooding in Charleston have increased from two or three per year in the 1970s, to 10 or more now. NOAA reports that less destructive, “nuisance” flooding has increased by 400 percent in Charleston since the 1960s alone.
And the future is even wetter. Charleston is “also expected to face extensive flooding from tides alone by about 2030, because of sea level rise,” the UCS study says. “In places such as Charleston … less than half a foot of sea level rise will mean that high tides alone could flood substantial areas up to two dozen times per year.”
"It's totally worse than the thousand-year flood," says a woman who lives near Lockwood Dr. pic.twitter.com/6PziX8EV3B — Aaron Maybin (@Aaron_Maybin) October 27, 2015
The same flavor of record-breaking coastal flooding has inundated parts of the Miami area over the past month, says Brian McNoldy, our tropical weather expert and Miami resident. “Since records began in 1996 at Virginia Key, the top four high-water events have all been associated with nearby hurricanes, and typically ones that coincided with the September and October king tides,” McNoldy wrote. “But on Sept. 27, the fifth highest water level was measured at the location, and there was no influence from a hurricane.”
[During king tides, nuisance flooding becomes chronic flooding in Miami]
Tides will continue to run higher than normal along the East Coast through Wednesday as the supermoon goes completely full, but the worst flooding is likely over for the South Carolina and Georgia coasts.
Here we go again… Please be safe if you have to commute this morning! #CHS #chswx A photo posted by skirt! Charleston (@skirtcharleston) on Oct 27, 2015 at 5:56am PDT
Water topping the docks in Awendaw. Thanks to Dr. Jan Wrobleski for sharing. #chswx @wcbd pic.twitter.com/80TYvLo00R — Josh Marthers (@joshmarthers) October 27, 2015
A small school of fish swim by a home's driveway during high tide in Delray Beach. pic.twitter.com/giqWHyCSx7 — Kimberly Miller (@KMillerWeather) October 27, 2015
TRAFFIC ALERT: Hwy 80 now CLOSED traveling to, from @FortPulaskiNPS due to tidal flooding. Expect to open 930-10. pic.twitter.com/0ASVWbte2W — Fort Pulaski NM (@FortPulaskiNPS) October 27, 2015
Across Alton, on Chase Ave., just north of the #MiamiBeach Golf Club. #kingtide flooding pic.twitter.com/0ajFXI9sQD — Joey Flechas (@joeflech) October 27, 2015
The reports of Virginia Beer Co.'s opening have been greatly exaggerated...but not by much! Here at 401 we have been brewing on both our 30-barrel brewhouse and our 5-barrel pilot system since late January. We're working hard to get our 2,000 sq. ft. taproom and 2,000 sq. ft. beer garden ready to host each and every one of you. And it's all finally coming together! Our beers and our facility are almost ready. We'll be putting 401 through it's final paces in the coming weeks before our grand opening, which we can finally announce will be on Saturday, March 26th. We have MANY more details to come. In the meantime, please note the following dates (we promise these don't involve much beer...we're saving the good stuff for 3/26!). And keep the 26th marked on your calendars: we'll have plenty of beers and plenty of cheers ready and waiting for everyone on 3/26!
Saturday, 3/12 - Hosting a private event
Sunday, 3/13 - Hosting a private event
Tuesday, 3/15 - Hosting a private event
Friday, 3/18 - Hosting a private event
Wednesday, 3/23 - Hosting a private event
Saturday, 3/26 - 401'S DOORS OPEN FOR OUR GRAND OPENING CELEBRATION
A most interesting persuasive map published in 1915 by the National Highways Association, advocating the construction of a mammoth national road network as essential “for war, for defense, or for peace.”
According to the American Geographical Society,
“The National Highways Association (NHA) was established in 1911 to promote the development of an improved national road network in the United States. Under the slogan “Good roads for everyone!” the NHA proposed a 150,000-mile (241,402-kilometer) network of roads, based on a four-fold system of national, state, county, and town or township highways and roads. This map, issued by the NHA in 1915, shows the tentative routes of the most important highways in this network [i.e., the “national” roads], totaling 100,000 miles (160,934 kilometers) in length. The table at the top provides estimates of the numbers and percentages of people living in counties traversed by the proposed national highways or counties adjoining them. The map associates the cause of good roads with the “preparedness” debate underway at that time concerning possible intervention by the United States in World War I as an ally of Britain and France. “Besides issuing brochures and circulars aimed at convincing citizens of the need for a national road system, the NHA was a prolific producer of maps. Cartographic work was done at an office in South Yarmouth, Massachusetts, where approximately 40 people were employed on the property of Charles Henry Davis (1865–1951), president and cofounder of the NHA. Davis believed that these maps would be helpful to a national highways commission that they hoped would be established and that they would assist the states in integrating their roads into a national system. Congress never embraced the plan put forward by the NHA, but the organization and its maps helped to promote the cause of a national road network.”
As heir to the American Road Machine Company, a manufacturer of road construction equipment, NHA President and co-founder Charles Henry Davis (1865-1951) was hardly a disinterested party. Whatever their motives, their vision was eventually realized, albeit heavily modified and after much delay, with the passage in 1956 of the Federal Aid Highway Act. Today the Interstate Highway System extends nearly 50,000 miles and accommodates some 25% of the nation's road traffic.
References
As of September 2017 OCLC lists 21 institutional holdings under four different accession numbers. However, many of these appear to refer to an image of the map hosted on the web site of the American Geographical Society Library at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. For further—albeit one-sided—background on the NHA, see “National Highways Association[:] Its Foundation, Growth and Objects,” The Automobile Journal for Jan. 25, 1917, pp. 24-26.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A drug dealer described by a judge as coming off "nothing short of arrogant" when testifying against a co-defendant in a heroin case was sentenced Monday to more than six years in federal prison.
Leamon Shephard, a.k.a. "Juice," of Cleveland's East Side, was characterized in court filings and in Monday's sentencing as a mid-level drug dealer who moved ounces of heroin.
Shephard, 27, was was one of 92 people indicted in state and federal court in 2013 following a multi-year investigation led by the FBI. They pleaded guilty, and agreed to testify against two co-defendants in exchange for leniency at sentencing.
At Monday's sentencing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel Riedl said Shephard should be given credit because they testified against heroin kingpin Keith Ricks, whom a jury found guilty, and Corey Etheridge, who was cleared, despite threats made against them and their family for their cooperation.
But U.S. District Judge Christopher Boyko declined to accept more lenient sentences sought by prosecutors and Shephard's attorney, Henry Hilow.
Before imposing the 76-month sentence, Boyko told Shephard that they did "OK" at Rick's trial, but that getting them to testify in Etheridge's trial was "like pulling teeth" and that they came off as "kind of smart ass" in their testimony.
"Excuse my language, but that's how you came across," Boyko said.
Boyko told Shephard that they were a "smart guy who has not lived up to their potential." They ordered Shephard to get their GED while in prison.
Shephard apologized to their family and the judge for "having to put up with this nonsense."
Shephard and their co-defendants were arrested as a part of Operation Fox Hound, which sought to break up a trafficking operation that moved heroin from Chicago and Atlanta to Cleveland.
Gang members ambushed and robbed rival drug dealers and customers at gunpoint and restrained their victims with zip ties. They then sold stolen heroin at discounted prices or used stolen money to buy heroin.
Ricks, the leader of the operation, faces mandatory life in prison.
Most other suspects have pleaded guilty.
U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach in September 2013 called the bust the "single largest heroin take-down in the history of Northern Ohio."
An extensive search by UK Coastguard helicopters centered around the Irish Sea and the Snowdonia area for a missing helicopter has been called off for the night due to poor visibility.
There were five people on board the helicopter, which was flying from Milton Keynes to Dublin.
North Wales Police have taken over the search operation and have called in Mountain Rescue Teams to continue the land based search in the Snowdonia area.
The privately-owned twin squirrel red helicopter is believed to have left Milton Keynes en route to Dublin, via Caernarfon Bay.
A Coastguard spokesperson said radar contact with the helicopter was lost this afternoon and the Coastguard was notified to start a search operation at 4.15pm.
Latest on the search for a privately-owned helicopter, which has five people on board, missing over the Irish Sea https://t.co/7hceBsVOnZ pic.twitter.com/0fU2Gih6Nw — RTÉ News (@rtenews) March 29, 2017
A Mayday relay broadcast has been issued to all vessels passing through the Irish Sea route to contact the Coastguard if they have seen anything.
BBC Wales reported that thermal imaging equipment was earlier being used in the search for the missing helicopter.
The Irish Coastguard said they have been asked to assist with a communications search but that the operation in the Irish Sea is being co-ordinated by the UK Coastguard.
UK Coastguard duty commander Peter Davies earlier said a "search plan between Caernarfon Bay and the shore of Dublin" had been established.
They appealed to vessels that were in the vicinity of the Irish Sea and to the public to contact 999 and ask for the Coastguard if they had seen a twin squirrel red helicopter.
For TransLink, safety is a top priority for all people travelling on transit, including our bus operators.
Assaults on operators are unacceptable and can put the lives of our riders at risk.
After a two-year process of piloting various barrier designs, assessing effectiveness, collecting user feedback and modifying designs, we are now ready to equip our buses with bus safety barriers.
Safety barriers allow operators to do their job, getting you where you need to go efficiently and safely, while maintaining driving sightlines, communicating with riders and protecting themselves against attacks.
Other tools CMBC currently utilizes to keep staff safe include security cameras, GPS radio system, emergency button, Transit Security, Transit Police, Violent Incident Prevention training and campaigns like “Don't touch the operator.”
Bus barriers by the numbers:
All future orders of new 40′ and 60′ buses will come with safety barrier already installed . Buses will start arriving by early 2018.
. Buses will start arriving by early 2018. 208 air-conditioned New Flyer Excelsior buses will be retrofitted with safety barriers.
will be retrofitted with safety barriers. Six trolley buses will be retrofitted as part of the expanded pilot program.
will be retrofitted as part of the expanded pilot program. Retrofit of 214 buses will be underway by the end of 2017 and completed within two years .
. Within 10 years, about 75 per cent of the fleet will have safety barriers installed.
Design features:
Sliding front portion allows easy customer communication and controls glare.
Fixed solid portion means barrier prevents attacks from behind—even when the sliding portion is open.
Offers protection from assaults including jumping assailants, thrown objects, climbing over and spitting.
What does this mean for riders?
Nothing changes! The bus barriers don't affect your commute at all.
You will still be able to talk to and communicate with your favourite bus operator!
Want to know more? Check out the backgrounder!
Have you spotted one of these new bus barriers on your route?
Tweet us @TransLink and let us know what you think!
Author: Adrienne Coling
Bruce Boudreau knows a thing or two about winning streaks.
They coached Washington's 14-game run in 2010, Anaheim's 11-gamer last season and Minnesota Wild's 12-gamer in December. A hockey savant behind the bench, Boudreau sees a winning streak as a bell curve — and the end isn't pretty.
"At the end of a winning streak, you're usually not playing very well, and it takes a while to get back to your game," Boudreau said. "Once you lose and the hurriedness or of the fact that it's a winning streak (ends), you still keep going down a little bit until you build it back up through practice and determination, really. That's why losing streaks follow winning streaks in almost every sport."
The Capitals, Columbus Blue Jackets and Philadelphia Flyers can nod their heads knowingly. The teams with the longest winning streaks this season have for the most part struggled after them, except for Boudreau's Wild, who are one point back of the top spot in the Western Conference.
Washington has lost 10 of 26 since its nine-game streak, Columbus has lost 15 of 32 since winning 16 in a row and Philadelphia has lost 24 of 36 and fallen out of contention since its 10-game run that now feels like ancient history.
Coach John Tortorella's Blue Jackets came one victory short of tying the NHL record for the longest winning streak, and on the night it ended, they said he'd judge their team by what came next. It wasn't always smooth, but Columbus is back playing its game with less than a month until the playoffs begin.
"Two or three weeks ago, we had some struggles, and I thought that was one where I really liked the way the room reacted," Tortorella said. "They grabbed a hold of themselves and I think they managed that part of the year not to lose three or four in a row."
The Capitals are trying to grab a hold of themselves after an 0-for-California road trip and their first four-game skid since November 2015. Their home winning streak ended at 15 last week, and their lead over the defending Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins is down to two points.
Goaltender Braden Holtby, a contender to win a second consecutive Vezina Trophy, considers this adversity a good thing for a team that hasn't had much of it lately.
"If we're good enough to be a championship team, we will get through this," Holtby said. "We just haven't quite adjusted to everyone else playing playoff hockey quite yet. ... I think it's a good eye-opener, and a good wakeup call that this is a playoff run now."
The come down from a winning streak is a time-honoured hockey tradition that Troy Loney thinks may have cost the 1992-93 Penguins a third straight Stanley Cup. That was the most talented group following back-to-back titles, and it won 17 consecutive games just before the playoffs started. Pittsburgh couldn't recapture that form and lost in the second round.
"It takes a lot emotionally, physically and mentally to ride a streak like that," Loney said. "We couldn't find the gear consistently."
That'll be a challenge for the Calgary Flames, winners of 10 straight. The Capitals beat the Wild 4-2 on Tuesday night to get back on track and send Minnesota to its fifth loss in seven games.
But even after a difficult defeat, Boudreau was confident their team would bounce back, showing what players said about them maintaining composure amid the twists and turns of a season.
"He makes sure that we're prepared for every single game, whether we've won 12 in a row or whether we've lost the game or the last couple," goaltender Devan Dubnyk said. "That's a huge part of not having extended lulls, because they treat that next game after the winning streak the same way as they treated Game 6 or 7 during that streak, and that keeps everybody level-headed and prepared."
Blood Will Have Blood: The Assamites
Open Development, Vampire: The Masquerade
Next on the open development tour for Lore of the Clans is Clan Assamite, written by Alan Alexander. The link to the Google Doc containing their material is here:
Edit: Link removed now that open development is closed. Thank you!
Alan's pretty heavily over their word count, so I'm pretty focused on where we can tighten things up and cut material. As always, though, I'm curious to see if your comments reinforce my instincts, or point in a different direction. I'll close comments on this one on Thursday, July 31st. I'll put a big note on the document when I close it so it's clear.
A few things to keep in mind (and I'll be repeating these points a lot):
Comments only: Everyone (except me) is restricted to comments only. Don't resolve someone else's comments or mine, but feel free to discuss whatever makes sense. Please keep it civil, though, even if you disagree.
Keep calm and carry on: This is a preliminary draft. Things will likely change between this draft and the final book. If you see something weird or that you don't agree with, don't freak out and tell the Internet OMG VAMPIRE IS RUINT. Just comment on the concerning area, and I'll look into it. Certainly don't give the writer shit for it.
Substance over style: I'm focusing purely on the content, not punctuation or grammar. That kind of refinement of the material will happen in a later draft. Don't worry too much about commenting on those concerns, unless something makes the material confusing to understand.
Cards close to my chest: Because I don't want to bias the discussion, I'm keeping my thoughts on how I want to redline this chapter to myself. I'll certainly answer questions and help steer conversation away from unproductive avenues, but in general I want to see what you think, not tell you what I think.
More than 60 years ago, a gay couple found the freedom to show affection for each other in the safe confines a photo booth.
By today's standards, this photo shouldn't raise any eyebrows, but in 1953, the year it was taken, this photo would have been reason enough for law enforcement to harass and arrest these men, says Kyle Morgan, an archivist at the ONE National Gay and Lesbian Archives at the USC Libraries.
This was a “time when purposefully vague statutes on morals, lewd conduct, or disorderly conduct in many states and cities allowed the police to target and arrest gay and lesbian people for such transgressions as wearing items of clothing of the opposite sex, propositioning someone of the same sex, or even holding hands with a member of the same sex. This photo could have gotten these men arrested,” Morgan says.
Yikes.
The photo is owned by the ONE Archives – the largest repository of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer materials in the world. It was owned by Joseph John Bertrund Belanger, the man on the right. The photo was taken at the PGE exhibition in Hastings Park, Vancouver, Canada.
Belanger, for most of their life, was a devoted collector of LGBT history. Born in Edmonton, Canada, in 1925, they served in the Royal Canadian Air Force and was a member of the Mattachine Society.
What's poignant and memorable about the photo is its emotional significance. By closing the photo booth's small curtain, Belanger and another man have briefly created a private, safe-space inside the confines of the tiny booth. They are free from harassment.
When you're in a shooting competition, and especially when there are guns to be won on the prize table, there are no do-overs. If you completely and totally screw up a stage, you can't call mulligan and try it again. You're stuck with your score. However, if something goes wrong and it's the fault of the match staff — like the targets weren't reset or they lost your score — then you might get a re-shoot. But should you always take it, when given the option? . . .
This past week, I shot the FNH USA 3-Gun Championship with the match staff — Larry Houck wanted us team members to work the match and schmooze, so we needed to get our scores settled ahead of time. The staff shoot is always at least a little screwy, since it's the first time that anyone shoots the brand-new stages and there are always some bugs to work out. I'll talk about the hiccups in detail in my stage breakdowns later this week, but suffice it to say that they were plenty. And thanks to those bugs, out of nine stages in the match we were given the option to re-shoot four of them.
I was squadded with Jayson Smith, and we jockeyed back and forth all match long as to which one of us was in the lead (well, amongst ourselves at least). By the end of the match, our raw scores were only four seconds apart. But that drive to get the best score may have pushed us to take more chances than usual, including taking those re-shoots.
At first glance, you'd think that a re-shoot would be a good thing. You just shot the stage, so you know exactly how it works and what you need to do better. It's like you've had a free practice run. But as Admiral Ackbar would say, it's a trap.
Unless you completely and totally screwed something up, re-shoots are rarely a good thing. Jayson passed on to me a little advice they picked up from some of the other team members: never take a re-shoot when you don't have to. They should have heeded their own advice. While a re-shoot does allow you a second chance, it also makes you want to push the envelope even further in terms of what you can do. And sometimes that drive to go faster leads to some pretty huge mistakes.
Case in point: stage 5. It was a long range stage with steel targets out to 300 yards, and the first time we shot it I couldn't see a damned thing. It was in the afternoon and the shadows were covering the impact area, so I couldn't walk my shots in. I ran it in 158 seconds +60 seconds in penalties for three missed long range targets. Jayson ran it in about 115 seconds. Needless to say, I was pissed. And I wanted a re-shoot.
Turns out, we started in the wrong start position. The sheet we had said the start position was anywhere along the rear fault line. The “official” sheet said it had to be off the right fault line. Since the RO was at fault for reading the wrong stage description, those of us who started in the wrong spot were given re-shoots.
When I re-shot the stage, it was in the morning instead of the afternoon. The targets were bright and visible, and I had no problem hitting them. I ran the stage in 85 seconds, which was 53rd place overall for that stage (just ahead of Dianna Liedorff). Seeing my great success, Jayson wanted another poke at it as well. They ran it in 87 seconds… and then we realized where they ditched their shotgun.
In this competition, you staged your guns on staging tables but needed to ditch them into a dump barrel in order to be “safe.” If you accidentally grounded your gun on a staging table (assuming it was empty and safe) it was a 20 second penalty. Jayson had dropped their shotgun on a staging table, and earned a nice 20 second penalties. They went from a 115 second stage to a 117 second stage, losing 2 seconds.
That drive to go faster and beat their previous time almost landed Jayson a DQ, but instead only cost them two seconds in the grand scheme of things. Jayson had a good score already, but the temptation to get an even better one was too great. I've seen other re-shoots go even worse than that, doubling or even tripling scores.
The need to be the fastest and the best is what drives almost every competition shooter, and the opportunity to try again and re-shoot a stage is extremely tempting. But when given the choice of whether to re-shoot a stage or not, from now on my default position will be to pass. Unless something went horribly wrong, I know that the drive to go faster and the need to beat my previous time will probably do me more harm than good.
Re-shoots are like drugs. They're very tempting, you figure a little can't hurt and they offer the promise of making you feel like a million bucks. But just say no.
Almost 15 years after introducing American Gods into the world, Neil Gaiman was watching their creation take on a new life of its own. The acclaimed author was standing on a set in Toronto in mid-April 2015, in the midst of the first day of production on Starz's American Gods, watching as Ricky Whittle and Ian McShane officially stepped into their respective roles — the brooding and bruising Shadow Moon, and the powerful con artist known as Mr. Wednesday — for the very first time.
Interestingly enough, it wasn't even Gaiman's only set invitation of the day.
"I got a very sweet email from Chuck Lorre a week before, saying, 'We would love to write you a part on The Big Bang Theory. Will you come in and play yourself?'" Gaiman tells THR, recalling the memory one year later. "And I had to say no, I'm going to Toronto, because as much as I would like to play myself in The Big Bang Theory, nothing will keep me away from that first scene being filmed. And it was magic. It was an absolute delight."
For Gaiman, it had already been a long enough road between American Gods the book and American Gods the television series, premiering on April 30. Gaiman first published the novel in 2001, forging it from a few key ingredients: an evocative title, a vision of thunder, and a drive through American back roads and small towns. The result: a sprawling novel about old Gods of myth waging war against new Gods of the digital age, with the hearts and minds of the American people at stake — and with one mortal man caught in the middle.
At least, that's one way to pitch it.
"We've always known it's not a book that pitches cleanly," says Michael Green, who oversees American Gods alongside their fellow co-creator and executive producer Bryan Fuller. "God help them," Fuller agrees, speaking to the American Gods uninitiated. For that crowd, Fuller feels the best way into the story is through its protagonist.
"There's something so relatable about Ricky Whittle and Shadow's journey of a man who went to prison for the woman they loved," Fuller tells The Hollywood Reporter. "Days before getting out, they lose that woman and finds out the life they thought they led before imprisonment was not quite as authentic as he'd hoped. That's infinitely relatable to anybody who has experienced the loss of a loved one. Their numbness and their search for himself, now that all the defining factors have been removed from him, are exactly where Wednesday (Ian McShane) wanted him. It's also a great place for a new audience to perceive this character, because they're seeing them after everything's been broken and taken away. We're rooting for them to assemble something that they could call a life again."
Relatable and rootable as they are, Shadow just scratches the surface when considering the various different deities and mythologies at play within American Gods: vengeful Viking gods, bar-brawling leprechauns, sharp-tongued spiders who spin lies as elaborately as webs, and entirely new deities built around technology and media. It's complicated, in other words, and easy to see how the subtleties of the book might not survive a television adaptation. As Green puts it: "You can imagine the 2004 NBC-adapted version of this book, calling it 'God Squad,' where they all pile into the minivan that has all the religious symbols on the side and they solve crimes every week."
Fans of the book can find comfort in knowing the adaptation of American Gods was never quite at the God Squad level of risk, but still, the process involved some fits and starts all the same. In 2011, Tom Hanks' Playtone Productions was set to adapt American Gods at HBO, with Gaiman co-writing a pilot script that ultimately remained on the ground: "By the time we handed it in, the [HBO] executive who bought it was no longer there, which meant that we then had essentially two drafts and a polish for people who didn't really know what this thing was, didn't know why they had it, and didn't really want it."
Gaiman regained the rights, found new partners in FremantleMedia, and very quickly landed on Starz as the right home for the series. From there, the author recalls flying to Toronto for their first meeting with eventual showrunner Bryan Fuller: "I asked him, 'Bryan, do you want to do this?' And they said, 'Oh my God, I'm the world's biggest American Gods fan. But I have no idea how you do it. I just know I want to put the stuff I love up on the screen.' And I thought, 'That's a pretty good place to go!'"
With Fuller came Green. The two were colleagues on Heroes and became friends and confidants in the years that followed. Beyond admiring one another, both men had great reverence for Gaiman's body of work.
"I remember very vividly not studying for a test in college because a friend and I went to the comic book store to pick up the latest Sandman," says Green. "It turns out, if you're lucky, the things you goofed off doing in your youth can become your profession. I loved the book [American Gods]. I read it and thought, 'This will be a wonderful TV show one day, and I hope to get to see it.' Then I was fortunate enough where it became, 'This will be a wonderful TV show one day — and I hope I get to make it.'"
That day came along, leading to Fuller and Green spearheading a direct-to-series order for American Gods. In time, other ingredients settled into place, including the likes of McShane as the self-professed grifter Mr. Wednesday, Emily Browning as the ill-fated Laura Moon, and more.
"Neil's book is so masterful in its alchemic balance of a wide variety of different tones," Fuller says about what drew them to the project. "That broadness of scope not only for the narrative but for the manner in which the narrative is told gave us an opportunity to apply our own wits and visual flourishes to the tale."
With that in mind, Green says they and Fuller wanted to "apprehend the feeling of the book through the medium of a television show," with the creation of wholly original scenes or expanded storylines meant to feel of a piece with the original American Gods text. "The book never leaves our bedside or our desk side," they say. "We're always measuring against that. Does something we add feel like it shook out of your copy? That's the author's preferred preferred, the one that doesn't exist except in our imaginations."
"For Michael and I, as fans of the book, we knew what we wanted to see as fans," adds Fuller. "The show is in essence fan fiction, or a hybridization of the fiction and the fan fiction we brought to the adaptation."
With that said, adapting American Gods wasn't without its moments of struggle. Fuller points to an early moment when trying to fulfill the season's original 10-episode order, despite feeling that the season had a nine-episode arc, as an example. In trying to turn what was then the third episode into a third and fourth episode, Fuller, Green and the rest of the team walked away incredibly unsatisfied with what they had produced, both from story and production perspectives.
"It was too early and too premature. We got to places in Shadow's emotional arc, from non-believer to believer, that were too soon, so we removed them, and there was the other element of it, the element of what we shot — we didn't like it," they say. "We didn't like what the set looked like. We didn't like the body props that were in the sequence. We had the choice of either rebuilding and refilming, or just removing it altogether. Fortunately, Starz as our partner said they would rather have fewer greater episodes than more less-than-great episodes. They very happily allowed us to reduce our order."
Fuller adds that the season's original intended end point, the mesmerizing House on the Rock sequence from the novel, was also impacted as a result: "We had our finale that required shooting in Wisconsin and getting to the House on the Rock, and that was a big chunk of change we needed to apply to go back and reshoot some things we weren't happy with, to facilitate a better version of the show."
For their part, heading into the series, Green says they expected that signing on to realize American Gods as a television series would be a heavy commitment marked by highs and lows.
"We knew going into this it was going to be a slog to get to the end of a first season, and it has been — an enjoyable one at every turn, mostly because of the partnership working with Bryan," they say. "Showrunners are often all too alone, and I recommend they all partner up, especially if they're going big. You need someone to turn to, someone to gut check when you're going for something crazy, and someone to cover for you when you need to go into your bed and cry for a month. And to hold the interest it was going to take for the two to three years to go from our first conversations to the end of the final episode of the first season airing, it has to be something you have an inexhaustible passion for."
As the author of the story on which the series is based, Gaiman couldn't agree more with Green's take, and even adds a few extra cents into the equation: "The people who love it all have to deal with the fact that we're dropping you into this story with as little explanation as Shadow gets. You're going to have to figure it out as you go. You'll be told stuff. You'll figure bits out. But really, you're in it now. We're signing you up, and you are expected to be clever."
American Gods premieres April 30 on Starz. Let us know your expectations of the series in the comments below, and keep following for more news and interviews.
