Donald Trump, an unpredictable president known for careening off-message during times of crisis, stuck largely to script in the wake of the single largest mass shooting in American history. And aides and confidants said on Monday that people shouldn't expect more.
In the hours after the shooting, Trump read dispassionately from a teleprompter, and—most important to many of their die-hard fans and some of their closest advisers—did not flip-flop back to their past, more restrictive position on firearms.
 They are a president who, multiple White House officials tell The Daily Beast, has no intention of wavering from their campaign-trail position that more armed Americans means a safer America; that a good guy with a gun is the best remedy for a bad guy with one.
“It's gonna be about law and order and not gun control,” said Sam Nunberg, a former Trump adviser who served on their presidential campaign before being fired. “You have to put this in context. In 1999, when they were thinking about running for the Reform Party, they wrote a book supporting gun control. We are talking 17 years later. Trust me, they are not changing.”
Two senior White House officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to speak freely, told The Daily Beast that there was so far nothing to suggest that President Trump would do anything more than lean into their current Second Amendment-boosting stance and bluster. One official was admittedly surprised that the president managed to stay on-message for nearly 24 hours, and expressed astonishment that Trump did not start knee-jerk tweeting about “terrorism” pegged to the mass shooting, as they have before in other unconfirmed cases.
On Monday, instead, Trump was muted. The president and first lady Melania Trump led a moment of silence for the victims on White House grounds on Monday afternoon, and the president announced that they would head to Las Vegas to meet with families, first responders, and law enforcement on Wednesday, the day after their scheduled visit to Puerto Rico.
At the White House, talk of legislative action was eschewed, replaced by talking points that often echoed those used by gun rights groups in the wake of similar shootings. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders repeatedly stated that the immediate aftermath of the shooting in Las Vegas, which left 58 dead and more than 500 injured (numbers that are likely to rise), was not the “time and place for political debate.”
“The only person with blood on their hands is the shooter,” they told reporters on Monday afternoon, “and this is not the time to go after [other] individuals or organizations.”
Such a position has become the de facto stance for many Republican lawmakers in the wake of mass shootings. But Trump is not a traditional Republican politician. In the past, they have been supportive of gun control measures, writing in their 2000 book, The America We Deserve: “I generally oppose gun control, but I support the ban on assault weapons and I support a slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun. With today's Internet technology we should be able to tell within 72-hours if a potential gun owner has a record.”
But Trump also has an intense loyalty to groups and individuals who they believe propelled their campaign to victory. And among those at the top of the list are the National Rifle Association, whose endorsement they frequently cited on the trail last year.
“I don't think it's even about guns for him,” a senior Trump administration official told The Daily Beast of Trump's symbiosis with the group. “NRA put unprecedented support behind them last year, and that's the kind of thing they remember.”
The NRA also happens to have critical allies inside the walls of 1600 Pennsylvania. Chief counsel Don McGahn represented the gun lobby group until last year in their capacity at law firm Jones Day. McGahn, a former Federal Election Commissioner, helped negotiate an FEC settlement over about $100,000 in illicit contributions to the group's political arm.
Sean Cairncross, a deputy assistant to the president, also provided legal services to the NRA. Senior counselor Kellyanne Conway consulted for the group last year, their White House financial disclosure form shows. Conway also spoke at the NRA's Women's Leadership Forum this year.
Other Trump advisers and White House officials are more inclined to support gun control measures; including some who are close to the president. White House communications director Hope Hicks has spoken out in favor of legislative responses to previous mass shootings. On a since-deleted Twitter account, Hicks backed gun control efforts in the wake of the 2012 shooting at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, just an hour's drive from their native Greenwich.
Hicks did not respond to questions about the White House's gun control posture in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting.
But on Capitol Hill, there was little hope among Democrats that Trump would revert back to their late '90s policy prescriptions, even at a time when the president has expressed a growing appetite for working across the aisle on other policies.
“He has seen no indication that anything has changed,” Chris Harris, a spokesperson for Senator Chris Murphy (D-CT) a leading gun control advocate, told The Daily Beast on Monday afternoon.
Indeed, the White House's talking points after the Las Vegas shooting conveyed little appetite to move away from longstanding conservative views towards gun violence, including one particularly popular conservative shibboleth: the persistent gang violence in Chicago, and the supposed powerlessness of gun-control laws to stop the bloodletting.
“I think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country, that certainly hasn't helped there,” Sanders said at Monday's White House press briefing.
Asked why Trump previously thought it wise to comment on policy in the immediate aftermath of previous mass shootings, as they did after a 2016 shooting at an Orlando nightclub, Sanders responded: “There's a difference between being a candidate and being the president.”
Hold on to your butts! It's a Jurassic Park: The Game preview! Okay, that's the first and only Jurassic Park quote you'll have to deal with. Yes, I got to go hands-on with the first of five episodes of Jurassic Park and I was pleasantly surprised with the direction Telltale is taking the game.
Even more surprising, Jurassic Park: The Game is the first Telltale title where players can be killed -- and in pretty violent ways, too.
Jurassic Park: The Game (PC, Mac, )
Developer: Telltale Games
Publisher: Telltale Games
To be released: April 2011
MSRP: $34.99 or $29.99 with pre-orders
In the Jurassic Park movie, Dennis Nedry attempted to smuggle dinosaur embryos to a rival organization. Dennis was killed by a Dilophosaurus, and the can of embryos was seemingly lost. There were people waiting for Dennis to deliver on the goods and Jurassic Park: The Game tells a new story that attempts to tie this loose end.
For my hands-on portion of the game, I was introduced to Jurassic Park chief veterinarian Gerry Harding and their daughter Jess Harding. Along for the ride is a girl named Nina and unbeknown to the Hardings, Nina is on the island looking for the Barbasol can full of dino embryos. Nina is passed out in the backseat of the Harding's jeep due to some injuries that were in all likelihood inflicted by some kind of dinosaur. The Hardings are trying to get Nina help when they come across a baby triceratops blocking the road.
The gate to the triceratops enclosure was somehow opened up, so the player -- as Gerry -- needs to figure out how to move the triceratops back into the pen. Your options at first are to push the triceratops or pull the food that it's happily munching away on. Neither of those work; the only thing left was to figure out the gate situation.
The gate was locked in place, so I had to go to the nearby control room in order to get it open. The control room required a key code to get access to, and the code happened to be in the glove box of the jeep. As Jess, you find the key code and help their dad open the control room.
The triceratops, gate room and the car are all presented as their own "scenes," and moving between each area is a simple matter of pressing the D-pad. With the car now interactable, I used the combination of the car's horn and high beams to annoy the triceratops long enough for Gerry to grab the triceratops food and lure it back into its pen.
Things are looking good until the horn malfunctions and won't stop making noise. This pisses off the alpha male triceratops, who is also in the pen, and it busts the gate's doors off before Gerry can fully close the gate. The triceratops charges into the jeep a few times before the player, now controlling Jess, can pull the wires out to stop the horn.
All of this commotion happens to grab the attention of a T. rex and the two big dinosaurs have at it. While the dinosaurs are fighting, Jess and Gerry, carrying a passed out Nina, are trying to get to the control room for safety. The demo ended once the trio make it to safety.
Everything I've just described all requires correct button presses as they pop up on the screen to complete. Tapping the buttons, rotating the joystick -- all the usual stuff you see in QTE sequences are present. Messing up the QTE moments will result in some pretty damn brutal deaths.
The T. rex notices Jess whiles she's making a run for the control room and if you mess up at all, the T. rex will chomp right down on Jess. It's a rough scene, especially considering that Jess is a pre-teen little girl and the last thing you see of them is their arm and legs sticking out of the T. rex's mouth as it shakes its head, trying to consume the girl. Other violent deaths I saw where characters getting stepped on, flung into the air by tails and getting crushed inside of the vehicle.
While getting killed doesn't have a serious consequence (you're put right back into sequence), Kevin Boyle, the executive producer on the game, told me that they hope you'll get invested in the characters so that seeing them die will get to you on an emotional level. Since I only played a brief section of the game, I can't say I was sad seeing my characters die. In fact, it was kind of funny, and I know I'm going to be purposely screwing up the QTE moments just too see all the ways you can die.
All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by how Telltale is tackling Jurassic Park. It's about using your wits rather than shooting velociraptors in the face. As for the dinosaurs, expect to see all of those mentioned so far plus some others, including a species that has never been in a Jurassic Park movie.
After careful consideration, I've decided to endorse this park. Okay, so I lied about the Jurassic Park quotes, kind of.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
Image copyright City of St John's Image caption Smart, solar-powered, but seemingly easy prey for petty thieves
A quarter of the parking meters in the Canadian city of St John's have been stolen, it's been reported.
The city, in the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador, installed the new smart meters three years ago, but officials now admit that around 290 of them have been "beheaded" by vandals, broadcaster CBC reports.
Thieves have found a way of ripping the top off the devices, presumably to get to the money inside, officials say.
It's a crime that's costing the local government around $1,800 (US$1,440; £1,095) a day in lost revenue, CBC says, along with the cost of $474 per damaged unit.
But thieves can only expect a low return on their crime - the average meter collects less than $10 per day, with only a small proportion of that in cash, as increasing numbers of drivers are paying by card.
Alternative car park
The spate of thefts has reopened a debate as to whether St John's actually needs parking meters in the first place.
Councillor Sandy Hickman told CBC "I think enough people at City Hall now realize that we need to look at alternative methods of charging for parking on the side of the streets," suggesting kiosks where people can pay for parking spaces.
The most pressing problem, they say, is that people can park for free at broken meters, losing the city valuable revenue.
"We want turnover... As opposed to people parking for free all day," they said.
It's not the first time that St John's has faced problems with their meters. When they were first installed in 2014, the city was forced to cut their poles down to size after it immediately became apparent that the upward-facing screens were too high for people to read.
Reporting by Alistair Coleman
Next story: Czech TV tower loses its babies
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah is worth some $250 million, a Kuwaiti newspaper reported recently, quoting American intelligence officials.
According to the report, the fortune of Nasrallah's deputy, Sheikh Naim Qassem, and other senior organization members amounts to as much as $2 billion.
And Yet... 'Hezbollah in dire financial straits' Ynet French daily Le Figaro says Lebanese terror group hit hard by civil uprising in Syria, sanctions against Iran Report: Hezbollah in dire financial straits
The anonymous intelligence sources believe the funds have been deposited in hundreds of bank accounts across the world, including in Europe, using fabricated or fake names.
Two Western sources are quoted as saying that the Hezbollah leaders from time to time channel millions of dollars from their bank accounts or their wives' bank accounts to senior members of the Revolutionary Guards in Iran, who are responsible for transferring money to the Shiite organization from the office of Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
According to the report, Iranian parliament members are aware of this corruption, are unhappy with it but are avoiding discussing it.
Straw companies
A British security source who worked at the embassies in Saudi Arabia and Lebanon in the 1990s is quoted as saying that the West has figured out Hezbollah's money laundering method.
According to the source, the Shiite organization's common method is setting up straw companies in Arab or African countries, which sell cars or large amounts of goods.
The organizations also operate small cells of six to 10 people who specialize in stealing cellular phones, personal computers or credit cards, and open fake bank accounts using the victims' details.
According to the report, the Hezbollah members also specialize in stealing passports, which are used by the organization operatives to travel around the world for commerce purposes, among others.
By setting up companies, mainly in Eastern European countries and in Soviet republics in central Asia, Hezbollah provides all the financial needs of the organization members in Lebanon.
According to a recent report among many on the organization's financial situation, senior Iranian officials are furious over an internal report pointing to corruption among Hezbollah's highest ranks.
Another report says the Iranians were "amazed" to learn of the flamboyant life led by the organization members, mainly during their visits abroad.
Doron Peskin is head of research at Info-Prod Research (Middle East) Ltd.
The wheels are being readied for motion to take the Georgia Southern University football program to the Football Bowl Subdivision.
The prospect has been long rumored for a program that has won a record six Football Championship Subdivision (formerly Division I-AA) national titles.
GSU President Brooks Keel told the Statesboro Herald that the university is pursuing an eight-year, $36.6 million campaign over five phases to raise funds for such a move. Included is an increase of 18,000-seat Paulson Stadium by 6,300 seats and the construction of a 57,000-square-foot football operations center.
"There's no question it's where we want to go," Keel said of the potential move to the FBS.
A fundraising campaign has been in place since July 1 and has generated $5.1 million in cash and signed pledges, according to John Mulherin, president of the GSU Athletic Foundation.
Georgia Southern is a member of the Southern Conference. Appalachian State, another power in the SoCon, also is pursuing a move to the FBS.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 24, 2012, 11:40 AM GMT By Michael B. Sauter & Alexander E.M. Hess
College graduation rates continued to improve around the world during the recession, according to a recent international economic study. In more developed countries, the percentage of adults with the equivalent of a college degree rose to more than 30 percent in 2010. In the United States, it was more than 40 percent, which is among the highest percentages in the world.
However, improvements in higher education are harder to achieve in these countries. More developed economies have had the most educated populations for some time. While these countries have steadily increased education rates, the increases have been modest compared to developing economies. At just above 1 percent, the U.S. has had one of the smallest annual growth rates for higher education since 1997. In Poland, an emerging market, the annualized rate was 7.2 percent from 1997 to 2010.
24/7 Wall St.: America's poorest states
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's (OECD) Education at a Glance 2012 report calculated the proportion of residents with a college or college equivalent degree in the group's 34 member nations and other major economies. Based on the report, 24/7 Wall St. identified the 10 countries with the highest proportion of adults with a college degree.
The majority of countries that spend the most on education have the most educated populations. As in previous years, the best educated countries tend to spend the most on tertiary education as a percentage of gross domestic product. The United States and Canada, among the most educated countries, spend the first and third most respectively.
In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., OECD's Chief Media Officer Matthias Rumpf explained that educational funding appears to have a strong relationship to how many residents pursue higher education. Private spending on educational institutions relative to public expenditure is much larger in the countries with the highest rates of college-equivalent education. Among the countries with the highest proportion of residents with a tertiary education, a disproportionate amount of spending comes from private sources, including tuition and donations. The OECD average proportion of private spending is 16 percent. In the U.S., 28 percent of funding comes from private sources. In South Korea, another country in the top 10, it is more than 40 percent.
Having more education helped people all over the world stay employed during the recession, according to the OECD. Between 2008 and 2010, unemployment rates among developed nations jumped from 8.8 percent to 12.5 percent for people with less than a high school education, and from 4.9 percent to 7.6 percent for people with only a high school education. For those with the equivalent of a college degree or more, the jobless rate went from 3.3 percent to just 4.7 percent.
Among the 10 countries with the highest proportion of educated adults, unemployment rates for those with a college equivalent ranged from 2.8 percent in Australia to 5.4 percent in the Canada. In each country, the rate remained lower than that country's national average.
24/7 Wall St.: Countries that spend the most on health care
The OECD provided information on the percentage of residents aged 25 to 64 with a tertiary education for each of its 34 member countries, as well as for eight other nations. 2010 statistics on educational attainment, graduation rates, GDP per capita and unemployment rates also were provided by the OECD. The latest figures covering country-level education expenditure are from 2009.
These are the most educated countries in the world.
1. Canada
Percent population with tertiary education: 51 percent
51 percent Average annual growth rate (2000-2010): 2.4 percent (5th lowest)
2.4 percent (5th lowest) GDP per capita: $39,050 (11th highest)
Canada is the only nation where more than half of all adults had a tertiary education in 2010. This was up from 40 percent of the adult population in 2000, when the country also ranked as the world's most educated. Canada has managed to become a world leader in education without being a leader in education spending, which totaled just 6.1 percent of GDP in 2009, or less than the 6.3 percent average for the OECD. A large amount of its spending went towards tertiary education, on which the country spent 2.5 percent of GDP, trailing only the United States and South Korea. One of the few areas Canada did not perform well in was attracting international students, who made up just 6.6 percent of all tertiary students -- lower than the OECD's 8 percent average.
2. Israel
Percent population with tertiary education: 46 percent
46 percent Average annual growth rate (2000-2010): N/A
N/A GDP per capita: $26,531 (13th lowest)
Israel only joined the OECD in 2010. That year, its GDP per capita was more than $7,000 below the OECD's average. Despite this, the country's high school graduation rate was 92 percent in 2010, well above the OECD's 84 percent average. Some 46 percent of residents had a tertiary education, versus 31 percent for the OECD. Israel spent 7.2 percent of GDP on educational institutions in 2009, the sixth most among all nations. And for the first time, preschool education will become free in 2012 even for children as young as three years old, Haaretz newspaper reported. This should benefit Israel as, according to the OECD, “early childhood education is associated with better performance later on in school.”
24/7 Wall St.: The world's best (and worst) economies
3. Japan
Percent population with tertiary education: 45 percent
45 percent Average annual growth rate (2000-2010): 2.9 percent (10th lowest)
2.9 percent (10th lowest) GDP per capita: $33,785 (18th highest)
In 2009, Japan spent 1.6 percent of GDP on college or college equivalent education, on par with the OECD's average, and just 5.2 percent of GDP on education overall, well below the OECD's 6.3 percent average. Despite its relatively light spending, the country still had a high school graduation rate of 96 percent, the second best among all nations in 2010, while the percentage of its population with a tertiary education was 14 percentage points higher than the OECD's average. However, according to The Wall Street Journal, recent university graduates in Japan have struggled to find work, with 15 percent those graduating in the spring of 2012 neither employed nor enrolled in further education as of August.
4. United States
Percent population with tertiary education: 42 percent
42 percent Average annual growth rate (2000-2010): 1.3 percent (2nd lowest)
1.3 percent (2nd lowest) GDP per capita: $46,548 (4th highest)
Although the U.S. is one of just a few nations where more than 40 percent of people had a tertiary education in 2010, its education system is not without problems. Among the concerns, the graduation rate for upper secondary students in 2010 was 77 percent, well below the average rate of 84 percent for the OECD. Even though graduation rates were relatively low, the U.S. is one of the biggest spenders on education, with related expenditures equaling 7.3 percent of GDP in 2009. The U.S. was also the world's largest spender on tertiary education in 2009, at 2.6 percent of GDP. The majority of funds for higher education, totaling 1.6 percent of GDP, came from private sources.
5. New Zealand
Percent population with tertiary education: 41 percent
41 percent Average annual growth rate (2000-2010): 3.5 percent (13th highest)
3.5 percent (13th highest) GDP per capita: $29,711 (17th lowest)
The tiny country's population has grown 13.2 percent between 2000 and 2010, as has the country's education system. The number of people with a college or college equivalent education rose from 29 percent to 41 percent over the period. The country also has become a destination of choice for international students, who made up 14.2 percent of tertiary students in 2010. New Zealand is also a leader in educating scientists, with 16 percent of students choosing a science for their field of study at the tertiary level -- the highest proportion of any country.
Click here to read the rest of 24/7 Wall St.'s The most educated countries in the world
That's a Good Question, and I Have an Answer objection to Libertarianism
I can easily predict what my non-libertarian friends are going to say to me whenever we talk about political issues. They raise objections to libertarianism that make sense from their own perspective, and I used to share that perspective, and I used to raise those objections. I gradually learned the answers by reading–reading F. A. Hayek, Ludwig von Mises, Murray Rothbard, Milton Friedman, and (you either lover them or hate her) Ayn Rand. I have read other libertarian authors, but these guys and this gal is among my “must read” suggestions. (Some readers will point out that Ayn Rand was not a libertarian and that they didn't like libertarians. That's true, but the joke is on them because many people came to libertarianism because of their writings.)
Here I will give brief but (I hope) relevant and valid answers to some of the objections that my friends have brought up.
1. “How can you trust people with freedom when you know that people are greedy and selfish?”
Let me ask back: how can you trust people with power when you know that people are greedy and selfish? If people are greedy and selfish, then why would you give them the power to dictate how you run your life or your business, the power to tax you, or the power to put you in prison? That's a lot of power to give to people whom you cannot trust because of their greed and selfishness.
2. “Don't you like driving on roads?”
I sure do, and I would enjoy driving on even better roads. If the government did not fund the building of roads, then roads would be funded privately. Who builds the roads now? The government doesn't actually build them; it hires private companies to build them. Those same companies could build roads even if the government weren't the one paying the bill. And if the government weren't paying the bill, there would be more accountability, since the road builders would have to keep their customers happy.
3. Have you turned liberal?
That's what my conservative friends ask, but see #4.
4. Aren't you too conservative?
That's what my liberal friends ask. The answer to both questions is that I am neither conservative nor liberal. I have left that axis and operate on a different axis altogether. I am for freedom rather than control. Unlike either conservatives or liberals, I do not support the use of power to run other people's lives. I have also grown weary of the fighting between the conservative camp and the liberal camp. Most of the things that they fight about would become irrelevant in a truly free society.
5. Don't you want food that is safe to eat?
Of course I do, and I think it is my job to try to make sure that the food that I eat is safe. The government makes it harder, because they tell people that they can trust any food that they buy. After all, the government is guaranteeing that the food is safe. Some guarantee! What about all those outbreaks of food poisoning that you see on television? They are all occurring while the government is supposedly preventing them. No, I would rather require companies to prove to me that their products are safe for consumption without hiding behind government stickers and stamps that do not seem to actually protect us. If a private company's own reputation were on the line, they would do everything that they could to keep their products safe. Private watchdog groups and consumer reporting groups would be helpful in this endeavor.
6. How would we educate the children?
Private schools exist now. They would exist if there were not government schools. Or communities could build schools with volunteer labor and could hire teachers with donated funds. Parents could form co-ops, which is what some parents do now. There are many ways that kids could get an education without having the government pay for it. This question and some of the others make a faulty presumption, which is that if a libertarian doesn't want the government to do something, then they or they don't want it done at all. Not so. Since I am a teacher, I obviously believe in education.
7. How can you be a Christian and a libertarian?
I can do it the same way that these Libertarian Christians do. I can do it because I love other people, which is what Jesus said to do. I want other people to have opportunities. I want other people to reach their potential. I want other people to live their lives under God and not under man. That's why I support liberty as a Christian. I would like to ask you, if you are a Christian, how you can be a Christian and support controlling other people's lives? Is that doing to others what you would have them do to you? Is that loving your neighbor as yourself?
8. Wouldn't your approach allow corporations to control people?
How could they? They cannot tax people. They cannot put people in prison. They cannot force people to trade with them rather than with their competition. They cannot force people to work for them. They would not get bailed out if they fail. They would not have exclusive government contracts or exclusive licenses or charters. They would not get zoning laws to prevent competition from opening nearby. They would not be able to grandfathered out of the regulations that hinder new start-ups.
9. What about monopolies?
It is only with the help of the government that a business can control the production of a product or the provision of a service. Competition in a free market would prevent a company from being the sole provider–unless that company were already making the best possible product and selling it at the best possible price. In that case, customers would not complain. The moment that one company sells something inferior or sells it at too high a price, somebody is going to start selling a better product or selling the product at a lower price–or both. It happens now, and it would happen much more often if the government did not interfere.
10. Didn't the free market cause the Great Depression?
No, and neither government did not get us out of it. That is what most of us were taught in our government-run schools, but if you go back and read the original sources, it was not that way at all.
If these answers don't fully satisfy you, I would suggest getting better and fuller answers by reading any of the people I listed above or by reading from some of the linked websites.
Update: It looks like the game won't be available for Linux. Though the engine itself is open source and cross platform, the game uses many external plugins that don't work on Linux. Apologies for providing wrong information.
Kenshi is a free-roaming squad based 3D role playing and strategy game by
It looks like the game won't be available for Linux. Though the engine itself is open source and cross platform, the game uses many external plugins that don't work on Linux. Apologies for providing wrong information.is a free-roaming squad based 3D role playing and strategy game by Lo-Fi Games , taking some inspirations from Mount and Blade. The game focuses on open-ended gameplay features rather than a linear story. You can be a trader, a thief, a rebel, a mercenary, a business owner, a doctor, a bandit... the list goes on.
In the game you will be able to aid or oppose the various factions in the world while striving for the strength and wealth necessary to simply survive in the harsh desert. You can purchase and upgrade your own buildings to use as safe fortified havens when things go bad, or use them to start up a business. Train your men up from puny victims to master warriors and carry your wounded squad mates to safety and get them all home alive.
commented on Desura that porting it won't be a tough task since it uses open source and cross platform Ogre3D Engine. The game is currently heavily under development and an Alpha build and a demo is available for Windows. However the game will be available for Linux too as one of the game devs haveon Desura that porting it won't be a tough task since it uses open source and cross platform Ogre3D Engine.
The game looks really awesome and I would certainly pay for this when it comes out. Watch the trailer yourself.
To judge by the responses to MP Graham Stringer's remarks about dyslexia being a "cruel fiction", there is indeed a severe problem with reading and writing in this country. Among the misspellings by furious responders to their article on ManchesterConfidential.com who argue that dyslexia is real, I picked out – and this is just a tiny sample – "inacurate", "bluf", "mater", "concentarte", "dyselxicx", and "macnhester". Among those who agree with him, there were considerably fewer mistakes.
QED? Dyslexia exists. Up to a point. I don't doubt for a moment that people's brains are differently wired and that this makes it harder for some people to process information in certain ways than others. I, for example, am incapable of reading without sounding out a word in my head; other, rather quicker readers don't need to do this. My five children seem roughly as bright as each other, but some find handwriting hard; others (not the same ones) have more difficulty reading than the rest.
I know, I know, dyslexia is not just about reading and writing, it's an overused and blunt term to cover all kinds of processing difficulties. But some sort of description is needed to make children who have difficulty feel it is not entirely their fault that they find some aspects of learning harder than their classmates. Labels can be exploited (part of Stringer's point is that millions are wasted on doling out free laptops) but when I had one of my children assessed by an educational psychologist, who identified a huge disparity in their ability on certain tests, it made a vast difference. They no longer felt that they were lazy (the school's diagnosis) or stupid (his own). Afterwards, they actually tried harder.
Stringer's mistake lies in chucking out the notion of dyslexia in order to argue that children don't have to be illiterate. It's not an either/or – it is quite possible to be both dyslexic and literate, but it takes time and effort. Friends with severely dyslexic small children have been energetic in seeking help: special glasses to stop words dancing about on the page, coloured pages to help them focus, exercises to strengthen a leading eye, gym to help with co-ordination and masses of practice, practice, practice. Some have even put their offspring in special schools for a short period in order to get them over the literacy hump. Those children are now getting good A-levels.
Stringer has a simpler solution to the problem of prisons filled with young people who take to crime because they are doing so badly at school – the synthetic phonics taught in West Dunbartonshire, where standards of competence have risen dramatically since the programme was introduced. Theirs is an oversimplification. The phonics employed in West Dunbartonshire are only one part of a 10-stage programme. The other elements include: early testing and intervention, teachers who are trained to spot a child's individual problems, one-to-one teaching time, parental involvement, and a commitment not to give up until a child has reached the required level of literacy for secondary school.
Former New York governor and 2016 presidential candidate George Pataki is not thrilled that a park in their home state bears Donald Trump's name.
Pataki, who had their differences with Trump in the Republican field, said in a recent interview with Time Warner Cable's "Capital Tonight" he's "unhappy" that Donald J. Trump State Park exists in Westchester County. The 436-acre state park was purchased by Trump in the 1990s to be developed into a golf course, but was later donated to the state of New York after plans fell through.
"I don't know that you go back and change it, but they donated I think it was 140 acres in Westchester County, which is great for the taxpayers and it's great that it's a park," Pataki said.
"I wish it didn't have their name on it," they later added.
The former New York governor isn't the only one who hopes to see the park's name changed. In mid-December, Democratic State Sen. Daniel Squadron submitted a letter to Gov. Andrew Cuomo urging them to rename the land. Squadron claimed Trump's "discriminatory proposals" and "increasingly hostile rhetoric" render them "unworthy of having a New York State Park named in their honor."
For the most part, Trump has ignored efforts to remove their name and likeness from the park and other properties like their soon-to-open hotel in Washington, D.C.
A spokesperson for the billionaire's campaign previously told the New York Times that because Trump donated the land to the state of New York, the park is required to be named after him.
"If they want, they can give me the land back," Trump said in a recent statement to the Associated Press regarding efforts to rename Donald J. Trump State Park.
Tyson Fury says there is no news yet on when their next fight will take place
Tyson Fury previews Frampton-Quigg and discusses their next fight Tyson Fury previews Frampton-Quigg and discusses their next fight
Heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury has told Sky Sports News HQ that they have no idea who they will be fighting next.
The 27-year-old seized the WBA Super, WBO and IBF world titles when they out-pointed the formidable Wladimir Klitschko in Dusseldorf last November.
And the duo looked set to clash again when Klitschko announced that they were activating a rematch clause in their contract.
Fury was even stripped of one of their world titles because of their apparent commitment to fight Klitschko again rather than take on the IBF mandatory challenger Vyacheslav Glazkov.
However, speaking at Saturday's big Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg showdown, Fury said they were in the dark in terms of when they would be back in action.
Wladimir Klitschko (left) has taken up a rematch option with Fury
"I have no idea when the next fight is, who it is going to be, no idea," they said. "So that is a bit of an update for everybody."
When asked if Klitschko was not their most likely next opponent, Fury added: "I don't know who it is going to be, to be honest.
"I have no confirmation on if it is going to be Klitschko, Fred Flintstone or Batman, I have no idea."
Tyson Fury once dressed up as Batman - and now they are touting the Caped Crusader as a possible opponent!
Fury's cousin Hosea Burton was in action on the Frampton-Quigg undercard and impressed the heavyweight champion with a sixth-round stoppage of Miles Shinkwin.
"He is my first cousin and they did really well tonight," said Fury. "He won the British light heavyweight title.
"It is a title they have always been dreaming of and they achieved that goal. I think they want to defend it and then move up."
Well, almost— With a breath of new firmware, our Larson Scanner kit takes us on a trip to the late 1970's.
In the old videos of electronic music pioneers Kraftwerk performing their classic The Robots, a prominent prop is the animated LED necktie worn by each member of the band. If you haven't seen this, or it's been a while, you can see it right here at YouTube. (Additional viewing, if you're so inclined: Die Roboter, the German version.)
The Kraftwerk tie has nine red LEDs in a vertical row, and one lights up after the one above it in a simple descending pattern. And what does it say to the world? One thing only, loud and clear: “We are the robots.” Now, if you're anything like us, the most important question going through your head at this point is something along the lines of “why am I not wearing a tie like that right now?”
The good news is that it's actually easy to make one. And the starting point? A circuit with nine red LEDs and just the right spacing: our open-source Larson Scanner kit. With minor modifications– a software change and dumping the heavy 2xAA battery pack–it makes a pretty awesome tie. In what follows, we'll show you how to build your own, complete with video.
Parts and tools needed
Here are the tools that you'll need:
1. Scissors
2. Soldering iron (and solder)
3. Small angle clippers, for soldering
4. Wire strippers
Here are the parts that you'll need:
1. A necktie, preferably black.
2. CR2032 coin cell
3. Small binder clip
4. A few safety pins
5. Larson scanner kit, with 5 mm red LEDs and firmware version 1.4 or newer
Firmware
The principal difference between “traditional” Larson Scanner behavior and the Kraftwerk-inspired LED tie is just in the software.
In a Larson Scanner, the LEDs gracefully scan back and forth, whereas our “robot tie” has the LEDs just step in one direction, without the gentle fades.
As of today, Larson Scanner kits from our store are shipping pre-programmed with firmware version 1.4, where firmware version 1.4 has the new “robot tie” animation mode built-in, as a configurable option. (So if you're getting a new kit, no programming is needed. And, if you have an older Larson Scanner kit, you will need to upgrade its firmware, using an AVR ISP programmer. You can find the source code at the Evil Mad Science Wiki.)
Build video and demo
Before we get to the details of assembly, you might want to watch our video demo, that shows off what the circuits do, and walks carefully through the steps of actually inserting the LED board into the necktie. The video is embedded below. If you can't see it here, click through to view it on YouTube.
Building the project
The first assembly step is to solder together the Larson Scanner kit, following the directions, with one possible change:
It may be helpful to space the LEDs above the circuit board by 1/4 inch (6 mm) or so, so that they're easier to stick through the tie surface. A good way to do this is to cut a 1/4″ wide strip of heavy cardstock and thread that between the “legs” of each LED before soldering them in place. After soldering, pull the strip of cardstock out. (And, be careful not to set that cardstock on fire!)
Next, solder a wire jumper– that is, a wire like a clipped resistor lead –between the two holes of location “opt. 2” on the circuit board. This wire jumper is the configuration option that switches it from Larson Scanner mode into “robot tie” mode.
The kit is ready to useat this point, and will make a fine addition to your tie with one exception: that heavy 2xAA battery holder, which just doesn't fit well on a tie. You can, of course, add longer wires and hide the battery holder in your pocket, but we actually have a better solution.
With the batteries removed from the holder, cut the wires to the holder, about halfway. Strip and tin (solder-coat) the wire leads, leaving about 1/4″ – 1/2″ exposed.
Next, we use a neat trick: A small binder clip makes a nice coin cell holder! If your binder clip is shiny or silver colored, you probably need to add a layer of tape (masking or packing tape) on the inside as an insulator. If you have a classic black binder clip like we do here, the black enamel actually acts as a good insulator– you can just go ahead and stick the coin cell right into the binder clip. Connect the red wire to the + side, and the black wire to the –side.
Aside: “Run a big circuit board like that from a coin cell? Are you crazy?” No, we're not crazy, just slightly mad. It turns out that the Larson Scanner in “robot tie” mode uses just under 2 mA of current when in normal brightness mode, and about 8 mA of current in what we like to call “Hey you– turn that thing down!” mode. You can hold the button for a few seconds to switch between brightness modes. These are very reasonable currents for a coin cell. In normal brightness mode, the battery should last for at least 75 hours.
And there we go: Incredibly light, convenient, and bright!
Next, let's get that sucker in a tie. Figure out where it goes, and mark the position of the top LED. Hint: Look in the mirror while doing this. (These LEDs should have gone an inch higher or so, for better authenticity.)
Hint #2: Don't untie the tie at this point. From experience, it will be much harder to tie the tie again once it's got a circuit board inside.
The front-facing part of the tie is a wrapped around piece of fabric, with a long vertical sewn seam on the back side. Using scissors or a seam ripper, cut through part of the seam, so that you can get inside. The tie may have one or more layers of stiffener fabric inside. We're going to put the modified Larson Scanner right inside, and cut holes in the front surface that the LEDs can stick through.
For each LED hole, cut only a tiny slit with the scissors– the LED can “pop” through, leaving none of the background circuit board visible. After the first hole, use the actual LED spacing as a guide for where to but the remaining holes.
Insert the modified Larson Scanner, pop the LEDs through, and use a couple of safety pins to close up the back of the tie, where you cut the seam.
Ready to wear!
It's worth mentioning that this isn't remotely the only way to build Kraftwerk-inspired LED tie, nor the first– it's just a convenient and practical method, starting with an easy kit. Notably, our friend Matt Sarnoff built their own tie some time ago, using a 555 and 4017 circuit. That circuit is almost identical to our first Cylon Jack O-Lantern, and is probably very similar to the circuit that Kraftwerk originally used. Versus that circuit design, our has typically much lower power consumption– making it easy to run on just a coin cell. And that's not a bad thing for a wearable. :)
The Larson Scanner kit– complete with the new firmware –is shipping now at Evil Mad Science.
Source code and other documentation about the Larson Scanner is available
at the Evil Mad Science Wiki.
You can find more costume projects in our Halloween Project Archive.
Flamingos are well-known for standing on one leg - but, until now, no-one has been entirely sure why they do it.
One theory was that they did it to help regulate their temperature, as putting both down when stood in water would draw away more body heat.
However, researchers now believe they have found an alternative answer. According to a new study published in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters, it actually requires less effort for a flamingo to stand on one leg than it does on two.
Professor Young-Hui Chang from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Lena H Ting of Emory University conducted a series of experiments using the bodies of dead flamingos - and found it was easier to stand them up on one leg rather than two.
Can You Read These Rxs?
AUGUST 03, 2014
ANSWERS
Rx 1: Daytrana 20 mg, apply 1 patch every day, #30. Rx 2: Trazodone 50 mg #30 1 at bedtime.
Rx 3: 1) Erythromycin 250 mg—take by mouth, twice a day x14; 2) Bactroban ointment—apply twice a day. Rx 4: 1) Augmentin 600 mg—take 2 teaspoons twice daily; 2) Pediaprofen 100 mg—take 1-2 teaspoons every 4 hours as needed for pain.
Pharm Tech Dhaval H. Patel at Walgreens in Bloomington, Illinois, was perplexed by this prescription.After Steve King, RPh, was presented with this puzzler at Snider Drugs, Inc, in Bloomfield, Kentucky, further investigation was required to determine the prescriber's intention.Paige Killingsworth, RPh, PharmD, at Realo Discount Drugs in Trenton, North Carolina, was able to decipher the first half of this prescription, but the second half required a call to the prescriber.Lori Van Devender, PharmD, at McDaniel Pharmacy in Port Gibson, Minnesota, had no idea what this prescription called for, except that it was for a sick child.Send in your eye-straining, baffling prescriptions—now via e-mail and fax as well as regular mail! Submissions must include a clean photocopy or scanned image of the Rx; your institution's name and location; your name and title; the correct name of the drug(s), strength, and dosing requirements; and your phone number. You can e-mail scanned Rxs to kmckay@pharmacytimes .com; fax them to 609-257-0701; or mail them to Can You Read These Rxs?, Pharmacy Times, 666 Plainsboro Road, Suite 300, Plainsboro, NJ 08536.
Uruguay pharmacies start selling marijuana
Montevideo, Uruguay: Pharmacies in Uruguay start selling marijuana from Wednesday under the final phase of a four-year-old law that made the small South American country the first in the world to legalize pot from production to sale.
The government of leftist President Tabare Vazquez announced the commercialisation of marijuana last week.
Little information has been given, however, on the 16 pharmacies selected to start offering the drug to Uruguay's 3.4 million residents.
The government didn't work out deals with the big pharmacy chains that cover the country. Sales won't be on a walk-in basis, however.
Under the legislation set by the state agency regulating the marijuana market, people have to register to buy pot in pharmacies. Only registered residents can do so — preventing drug tourism.
So far 4,959 people have signed on, most of them in the 30 to 44 age group, according to government figures.
The pharmacy sales form the last of three phases set out under the 2013 law.
Under the early phases of the 2013 law, more than 6,948 people have registered to grow weed at home, and 63 smokers' clubs have been authorised.
Only two companies were authorised to produce marijuana for pharmacies — under military protection, and with no public access.
The state Institute for the Regulation and Control of Cannabis (IRCC) has authorised the sale of two types of marijuana, to be sold in five-gram packets.
On Monday, the National Drugs Council tweeted an image of what the packages would look like: blue-and-white sealed sachets that look something like condom packets.
An ‘Alfa I' package contains ‘Alfa I variety cannabis hybrid with Indica predominant.' Another sort has ‘Beta I variety cannabis' with Sativa. The levels of THC — the psychotropic constituent in cannabis — are given on the outside, for consumer information.
The packets also bear a ‘Warnings' section about the risks of consuming marijuana and recommendations on how to do it more safely.
The packets are being retailed at US$6.60 each, according to the IRCCA.
Uruguay's goal is legalising the sale of marijuana for recreational use is to cut down on illegal smuggling.
22 Russians Who We Won't Let Vladimir Putin Forget Were LGBT
Are you boycotting the 2014 Olympics in Sochi? Are you pouring your Russian vodka down the loo? Another way to show your support for Russian LGBTs is by remembering these wonderfully talented, beautiful, and iconoclastic figures from the country's history.
Above: Ivan the Terrible Showing Their Treasury to Jerome Horsey by Alexander Litovchenko. Jerome Horsey was the ambassador of Queen Elizabeth I of Great Britain, and got to know Tsar Ivan IV fairly well during their time there. Behind Ivan can be seen Fyodor, theirs heir.
Ivan IV (The Terrible, 1530-1584, reigned from 1533)
First off, when we say "terrible" here, we imagine it more like: "Oh Muriel, you're terrible!" There is speculation that a more literal translation would be "formidable." A composer and a poet, Ivan was the first ruler to be crowned tsar of all Russia. In their final years as tsar they vaccilated between extremes. It was all party or all austerity. They married seven times, but what really seemed to keep their samovar brewing was men in female attire. One of the most viscious lieutenants of Ivan's political police, Feodor Basmanov, rose to power by performing seductive dances in women's clothes in Ivan's court. (Sources: Queerhistory.blogspot.com and Wikipedia)
Pages
RIVERVIEW, NB – Life has been a battle for 16-year-old Becca Schofield of Riverview for the past eight months, as she's fighting an aggressive form of brain cancer.
“It will make me nauseous, the medicine that I take, so I spend a lot of time in the hospital,” Becca said.
Becca has undergone surgery to remove the tumor , 30 grueling radiation treatments and now chemo treatments at the IWK Heath Centre in Halifax.
Them mother Anne Schofield says the exhausting and terrifying journey was made a little easier by their schoolmates this past week. More than 200 students at Riverview High School came together to produce a touching video in support of Becca.
‘”It overwhelms me every time I watch the video I cry,” said Anne.
“You hope that your family and friends will be there to support you when you go through something hard. But when you have strangers in the community who come together and help you like the kids at the high school, the stuff they have done…they have done fundraisers and now this video,” they said.
Michael Tremblay produced the video with the help of Becca's best friend Danielle Gregoire.
“We just really, as a school want to show, as a school how much we support Becca and we just really want to make them feel loved,” said Tremblay.
Becca's best friend Danielle chose the song Rachel Platten's “Stand by You” to be featured in the video.
“Saying I am going to stand by you while you are fighting and I am going to fight with you because we can get through this together,” they said.
Becca says they were a once shy awkward girl in high school who always did their best to be invisible.
“I was always kind of hiding from people basically and just to see those popular kids that I was so afraid of, to see that they care about me is just so wonderful because I used to think that I was the last thing on anyone's mind,” said Becca.
They were wrong.
The video was delivered to Becca in their hospital room last week and it could not have come at a better time. Becca's moms says they had lost their spark and was struggling with extreme nausea and fatigue last week.
“When we brought that video in they said it was the first time their baby had smiled in days,” said Danielle.
“All of this support has made me into a happier person definitely,” Becca said.
Becca says the video has helped them get through the toughest battle of their life.
“I care so much less what other people think of me. Honestly yeah getting cancer sucked but it changed me for the better.”
Chris Long took to Instagram to announce that they will not be re-signing with the Patriots this offseason. The 31-year-old (32 in late March) hinted that they are looking to join a team that will give them increased playing time and a more prominent role.
“This has zero to do with money, etc,” Long wrote. “It's the right move in my heart because I want to get back to being the player I was before. I'm thankful for my role this year, but as a competitor, I'm itching to do what I do best.”
Soon after the Patriots traded Chandler Jones to the Cardinals, they added Long on a one-year, $2MM deal. After playing in just 18 regular season games in two seasons, Long appeared in every single regular season game for the Pats. Their season was capped off with a Super Bowl win, but they might not have been satisfied with their amount of burn in the postseason.
Now that Long is out of the picture, the Patriots could look to add a defensive end like Jared Odrick. Odrick met with the Pats recently and passed their physical.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
The 1500 mile Appalachian mountain chain runs along a nearly straight line from Alabama to Newfoundland -- except for a curious bend in Pennsylvania and New York State. Researchers from the College of New Jersey and the University of Rochester now know what caused that bend -- a dense, underground block of rigid, volcanic rock forced the chain to shift eastward as it was forming millions of years ago.
According to Cindy Ebinger, a professor of earth and environmental sciences at the University of Rochester, scientists had previously known about the volcanic rock structure under the Appalachians. "What we didn't understand was the size of the structure or its implications for mountain-building processes," they said.
The findings have been published in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters.
When the North American and African continental plates collided more than 300 million years ago, the North American plate began folding and thrusting upwards as it was pushed westward into the dense underground rock structure -- in what is now the northeastern United States. The dense rock created a barricade, forcing the Appalachian mountain range to spring up with its characteristic bend.
The research team -- which also included Margaret Benoit, an associate professor of physics at the College of New Jersey, and graduate student Melanie Crampton at the College of New Jersey -- studied data collected by the Earthscope project, which is funded by the National Science Foundation. Earthscope makes use of 136 GPS receivers and an array of 400 portable seismometers deployed in the northeast United States to measure ground movement.
Benoit and Ebinger also made use of the North American Gravity Database, a compilation of open-source data from the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. The database, started two decades ago, contains measurements of the gravitational pull over the North American terrain. Most people assume that gravity has a constant value, but when gravity is experimentally measured, it changes from place to place due to variations in the density and thickness of Earth's rock layers. Certain parts of Earth are denser than others, causing the gravitational pull to be slightly greater in those places.
Data on the changes in gravitational pull and seismic velocity together allowed the researchers to determine the density of the underground structure and conclude that it is volcanic in origin, with dimensions of 450 kilometers by 100 kilometers. This information, along with data from the Earthscope project ultimately helped the researchers to model how the bend was formed.
Ebinger called the research project a "foundation study" that will improve scientists' understanding of Earth's underlying structures. As an example, Ebinger said their findings could provide useful information in the debate over hydraulic fracturing -- popularly known is hydrofracking -- in New York State.
Hydrofracking is a mining technique used to extract natural gas from deep in the Earth. It involves drilling horizontally into shale formations, then injecting the rock with sand, water, and a cocktail of chemicals to free the trapped gas for removal. The region just west of the Appalachian Basin -- the Marcellus Shale formation -- is rich in natural gas reserves and is being considered for development by drilling companies.
As the battle ended, things seemed quieter even though, outside Mr. Universe's private fort, broken ships and bodies sometimes fell flaming from the sky.
Inside the building, the Operative had ordered a stand-down. The Reavers were nearly defeated. And a small Alliance transport hovered discreetly behind the Reaver ship, on a level with Serenity's prow. Inside Serenity's shadowy, broken bridge, four nondescript members of an Alliance Blue Team stood around the pilot's impaled body.
Blue4 said, “Think it's Reynolds?”
“Maybe,” said Blue3, a middle-aged woman with a pinched face. “We want the entire crew, dead or alive. Need to see the Tam girl's effect on them."
"Why?"
"She's not just a reader. She's a sender. So their abilities may have rubbed off a little.” They held out a pen-like silver wand, and the solid wooden harpoon through Wash's chest collapsed into carbon dust. “Get them into a stasis pod.”
Blue7 objected. “The body is beyond repair.”
“Hardly. It's still warm, just a matter of recirculating fluids and eventually replacing damaged organs. They quoted from the Rescuscitation Manual: 'Given the proper vacuum apparatus, a human body can be drained of blood in 8.4 seconds.'”
“And revived in three minutes,” added Blue4. They'd all had to memorize it. Part of the job.
They set to work on Wash's body, and their faintly glowing, pulsating, coffin-like stasis pod was on the Alliance's St. Swithens hospital ship within an hour.
Once the crew was released from the hospital, Zoë received a nice jar of ashes from the Alliance. After the battle, the Alliance had made no attempt to keep the bodies separate in the mass cremations necessary to manage the sheer volume of dead. The ashes of thousands were surreptitiously blended together and blessed by practitioners of the seven major faiths. Not a single speck of ash in that jar had come from Wash, that being on account that Zoë's man was more-or-less alive. But the Alliance felt their fate should be on a need-to-know basis.
"...Soar." What had they just been saying? Wash startled awake to the sound of blaring klaxons. They were in a wheelchair, being pushed at speed down an antiseptic white hallway. They felt a mild ache in their upper torso, and some disorientation, but otherwise, pleasantly drugged. Trying to focus, they mumbled, “What the... what?”
An orderly in blue gloves, with all the warmth of a snake, was pushing their chair. “Be quiet. We're evacuating.”
“What is it we're evacuating from?”Hospital Ship. You've been in a crash.” They swept around a corner. People in uniform and hospital scrubs were running past them, and Wash heard screams.
“Crash?" They struggled to remember, and their expression crumpled in anguish. “Oh, God! Zoë. Where – have you seen my wife?”
The orderly's face didn't change expression. “The Serenity's crew was killed by Reavers. You're the only one we were able to revive.”
Wash stared at him, dumbfounded. “Oh, no. Oh, God..”
The orderly pushed the wheelchair down a hall whose lights were failing. They heard an explosion in the distance. At the end of the hall, the door crumpled. The orderly's life depended on getting their charge to safety. They cursed and did a U-turn, struggling with the chair.
Oblivious to their danger, Wash pressed hands over their face. “No, no, no, this–this is all wrong. Nothing–I mean nothing kills Mal. You could throw them into the heart of Blue Sun and he'd...” the tears came hard. "Kaylee?" they whimpered. "Ah, no." They cursed himself. He'd crashed their beautiful Serenity, leaving them all sitting ducks to be molested and slaughtered and turned into fashion statements, and they couldn't help but picture that happening to each and every one of the crew.
Worse: Perhaps some of them had been turned, like that poor kid who cut themselves up and attacked Commander Harken. Jayne? Zoë? Mal? What horrors could they commit, given their skills and strength? God, if River... and then they chuckled miserably, cursing their gallows-humor brain that could make a gorram joke out of anything. “River? Reaver. Reaver? River! How do you do? Rahhhrgghh!”
They turned a hard right. Thundering feet and snarls preceded the bang of a door flying open. Wash shrank back in their chair as a knot of Reavers spilled through the entry with a collective snarl, brandishing bloody weapons, preceded by their own appalling stench. The orderly stopped and pulled a little silver pen out of their pocket.
When they brandished it, the Reavers all came to an abrupt halt, dropped their weapons, howled in agony, and clutched ruined faces with obscenely filthy hands. First the blood came, then their bodies exploded into pulp and bone. But more entered, stumbling and sliding in the muck, and then more from behind.
"Too many!" Wash whispered. "Here I come, Zoë." They pictured them as they loved their best: in their bed, laughing, naked and loving. "My Autumn Flower," they murmured.
Their orderly was taken down, screaming. One of the Reavers turned to Wash with a snarl. A couple of others knocked the wheelchair over. And then their fun really began.
Hours later – and whether it was three or a thousand, they didn't know or care – what was left of Hoban Washburne staggered into the Saint Swithens' bridge. They wore nothing but a sort of sarong he'd made out of a tropical-print hospital scrub, and carried a gun in each hand. There was a female Reaver pilot already at the hospital ship's helm, preparing to split off from the Reaver transport that had overtaken the St. Swithens.
It's hard to talk with a split tongue. Wash growled at her: “Get out of my chair.” But it sounded like, “Geth outh ob mai chaiw.”
They snarled at him, and they shot them dead.
They hauled them out of their way. Then they clambered into the pilot seat, flipped the Three Switches, and spoke into the comm: “Nes' stop Hopper Thation. Ethra. Fresh mea'.”
Their com filled with the roars and screams of their Reaver compatriots. Nobody came to kill him, so they figured they were all right with that. After they left atmo, they sat back and looked at the still-itchy scar on their bare, blood-spattered chest. The scar was wide as their hand, and circular, radiating out from a central point, almost like petals.
"My autumn flower." They tried to say it, but their mouth wouldn't form the words.
Then they rummaged in a tool box for a metal file, and set to work, sharpening their teeth.
Six months later, River and Mal stood hidden in snowy pine woods. The Captain and their pilot/ninja ballerina were disguised as Reavers, wearing filthy rags, their faces smeared with dirt and fake blood, and Mal's normally impeccable hair was hidden under a makeshift wig made of yak dreadlocks. They looked up at the cloudy sky, watching a Firefly Class One hovering over a tiny landing field in a clearing. It was belching radioactive exhaust, had been fully and fearsomely Reaverified, and the name "Lily Belle" on its side had been nearly obscured with red paint. The ship hovered, then landed light-as-a-feather despite the Firefly One's standard rickety stabilizers and the the close-set trees. A moment later the cargo bay opened. From their hiding place, Mal and River watched the Reaver crew run out into the snow to the west, armed to the teeth, low to the ground, bent on ruin.
River said, "They wont see the trap until it's already killed them."
Mal gestured to the horrific hulk of a once-sweet cargo vessel. They said, "Now all that needs doing is..." They put the hull-piercing rocket launcher to their shoulder, but River stopped him.
"Can't. Not yet." There was an odd smile on their face. They could tell they were watching movies in their head again.
"Well, why-ever not, girl?"
"Pilot's still in there."
"Wouldn't it be simpler blowin' it all up in one fell swoop?"
"Pilot's still alive." Eyes bright, they fished a tranquilizer gun out of their big pocket and, staying low, slunk toward the open cargo bay. "But they won't be much trouble. Not too much."
"You sure you know what you're doin', little bird?" They always did. It drove them a bit crazy.
They didn't turn, so they didn't catch their murmured response. "We're looking for an autumn flower."
A United Nations special envoy trying to broker a deal ending the political crisis in Libya has announced the formulation of a draft agreement, saying it is now up to the country's two rival governments to sign off on it.
U.N. envoy Bernardino Leon, who has been meeting for weeks with representatives from the rival governments, announced the development late Monday in the Moroccan city of Skhirat, where the latest round of talks occurred. They did not offer details of the take-it-or-leave-it deal, but praised negotiators from both sides for their efforts.
"So our part of the process is now finished," Leon said of the U.N. role. They also said they hoped the factions will sign a final accord before October 20, and said they are not willing to accept any new proposals or additions to the draft.
There was no immediate comment on the U.N. announcement from Western governments by early Tuesday.
Last week, Leon warned that their announced September 20 deadline was the “very last moment” for Libyans to come together.
VOA reported earlier that Leon was seeking an immediate cease-fire between forces loyal to the country's internationally recognized government and Islamist militants in the east of the country, who represent one group in the many faceted conflict.
The deal also envisioned the various competing factions in Libya forming a government of national accord in a complex arrangement that some critics argue is unworkable.
The U.N. mission in Libya condemned the latest military escalation in Benghazi, which started Saturday when forces under the command of General Khalifa Haftar launched airstrikes against Islamist militants, some of whom are allied to Islamic State extremists.
The mission argued “the timing of airstrikes clearly aims at undermining the ongoing efforts to end the conflict” just when negotiations have entered “a final and most critical stage.”
At least six people were killed and 10 wounded when the fighting redoubled on Saturday.
Mohamed Hejazi, a spokesperson for Haftar's forces, said the general's Operation Dignity forces had launched a new offensive against Islamist positions in Benghazi, which has been engulfed by fighting for more than a year.
More than 100,000 people have fled Benghazi in the past few months.
The fighting raging in and around Benghazi is just one front in a multi-factional struggle which at its heart is pitching two parallel governments — a mainly Islamist upstart Tripoli-run government and an internationally recognized administration now in exile in the eastern Libyan towns of Tobruk and Beida — against each other.
The Islamist militants in Benghazi are aligned with neither of the parallel governments, although some elements in Tripoli harbor sympathy for them and are deeply opposed instinctively to any action undertaken by the anti-Islamist Haftar.
Western governments have been backing the U.N.-led peace deal to usher in a power-sharing deal.
And in a joint statement, the U.S. and European Union cautioned, “This escalation of violence underscores the urgent need to complete the political dialogue process as soon as possible.”
Share this infographic on your site!
Source: BestMedicalDegrees.com
Anti-Anxiety Meditation : How Meditation Can Save Your Life By Reducing Stress
What Is Meditation?
Your Perspective: Meditation is the ability to self regulate internal mental distractions.
Scientists Perspective: A means to enhance brain function and cognition in healthy and impaired individuals.
“Stressed Out” brain compared to a “Blissed Out” brain
The average person has 70,000 thoughts per day
Meditation Goals:
• Meditation exercises the mind in the same way we exercise our body–an active form of brain training.
• It infuses thoughts with greater positivity, love, calm and joy.
• Maintains balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system.
Types of Stress:
Acute versus Chronic Stress
1. Acute is a short term stress: Recent and anticipated demands and pressures.
2. Chronic is a long term stress: Poverty, childhood trauma, family disfunction or environmental.
Physiology of Stress:
1. Stressful event occurs
2. Panic and / or tension ensues
3. Increase in hormones such as cortisol, adrenaline, and epinephrine
4. Increased blood pressure
5. Energy diverted from immune, digestive, and reproductive systems
Stress Related Ailments:
• Cardiovascular issues
• anxiety
• sleeplessness
• addiction
• depression
• headache
• weight gain
• pain
• fatigue
• lack of motivation
• weakened immune system
Benefits of Meditation:
Reduction in Test Groups Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure
• Medical Students: Systolic -8 MM HG ; Diastolic -7 MM HG
• Coronary Heart Disease Patients: Systolic -5.4 MM HG; Diastolic -4 MM HG
• Elderly Retirement Home Residents: Systolic -8 MM HG; Diastolic -7 MM HG
• Adults with Hypertension: Systolic -4 MM HG; Diastolic -2.2 MM HG
Ability to Reduce Symptoms of Depression, Anxiety and Pain
• Effect of Meditation: 0.3
• Effect of Antidepressants: 0.3
In a Sample of 201 African Americans with Coronary Heart Disease:
A study showed a 43% reduction in risk for myocardial infarction and stroke after incorporating a Transcendental Meditation practice into their daily routine.
Percent Change in Amygdala Activity After Meditation :
• The region of the brain connected to anxiety and stress
• Mindfullness Meditation: -0.13;
• Compassion Meditation: -0.05;
• Control Group (no meditation) +0.05
Increased Gray Matter in the Hippocampus Important region of the brain for learning and memory
• Controls: +.002
• Mindfullness Based Stress Reduction: +.01
Sources:
• umassmed.edu/cfm/stress-reduction/faqs/
• youtube.com/watch?t=360&v=6J0fqswzxWM
• well.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/05/12/exercising-the-mind-to-treat-attention-deficits/
• well.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/01/28/how-meditation-may-change-the-brain/
• well.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/11/20/can-meditation-curb-heart-attacks/
• well.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/02/23/meditation-for-a-good-nights-sleep/
• psyn-journal.com/article/S0925-4927%2810%2900288-X/abstract
• circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/meeting_abstract/120/18_MeetingAbstracts/S461-a
• news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8363302.stm/
• secularbuddhism.org/meditation-support/basic-meditation-instructions/
• sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2009/issue61/
• chopra.com/ccl/discover-meditations-healing-power
• loni.usc.edu/about_loni/education/brain_trivia.php
• loni.usc.edu/media/newsevents.php?id=478
• forbes.com/sites/alicegwalton/2015/02/09/7-ways-meditation-can-actually-change-the-brain
• mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/stress-management/in-depth/stress-symptoms/art-20050987?pg=1
• apa.org/helpcenter/stress-kinds.aspx
• apa.org/helpcenter/stress-body.aspx
• ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3485650
Tulip Mazumdar explores how young people's rejection of intimacy and their embracing of singledom has left Japan's authorities struggling to tackle rapid population decline.
Tulip Mazumdar explores how young people's rejection of intimacy and their embracing of singledom has left Japan's authorities struggling to tackle rapid population decline.
Traditionally, the working husband and the stay-at-home housewife defined a Japanese family. Now, with society changing, young people are choosing independence over 'troublesome' relationships. The result is an uncontrolled decline in population, where a decreasing birth rate and rapidly aging population paints a bleak outlook for Japan's future.
Tulip meets the eligible men and women who are choosing careers, fun and freedom over, marriage, boyfriends or girlfriends. Such is their determination to be independent, few wants or have time for partners - let alone indulging in sexual relations. For those who are lonely or in need of a human connection, relationship substitutes fill a void. Theirs is a life unfamiliar to the nation's parents and grandparents.
With a generation almost refusing to procreate, the Japanese government faces something of a crisis. Tulip meets with officials to hear of the actions they're taking to arrest the decline in population including, remarkably, the funding of speed dating events.
With women taking up fresh work opportunities and grasping hold of new equalities, can government intervention defuse the demographic time bomb?
A Like It Is Media production for BBC Radio 4.
The Spanish government has won a two-year legal battle against commercial marine archaeologist firm Odyssey, which Spain accused of plundering its national heritage.
The Florida-based Odyssey Marine Exploration recovered 17 tons of gold and silver from a sunken vessel they code-named the "Black Swan" in March 2007. The Nasdaq-listed company refused to reveal the location of the wreck insisting that it had been found in international waters and therefore beyond the legal jurisdiction of any one country.
But when the record haul was announced Spain came to suspect the treasure had been looted from the Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes, a Spanish frigate laden with bullion from the Americas that sunk by the British off the coast of Portugal in October 1804.
Spain branded the Odyssey team "21st century pirates" and sent its navy to intercept vessels owned by Odyssey as they explored the waters around Spain. They seized equipment and records but failed to find the salvaged coins which had already been secretly flown out to a warehouse in Tampa, Florida.
In May 2007 the Spanish government launched legal proceedings with the US courts against Odyssey arguing that the wreck was protected by "sovereign immunity" which prohibits the unauthorised disturbance or commercial exploitation of state-owned naval vessels.
In a landmark ruling on Wednesday a judge at the Federal Court in Tampa found against Odyssey and ordered the treasure to be returned to Spain.
Angeles Gonzales-Sinde, Spain's minister of culture, welcomed the decision. "The Judge saw that the ship and its contents belong to Spain. It's a hugely important ruling and one that will set a precedent for future claims."
The ruling could have an impact on future finds by the company, which is in talks with the British government over salvaging the wreck of the HMS Sussex, an 80-gun warship believed to be carrying 10 tonnes of gold when it sank off the coast of Spain during a storm in 1694.
Odyssey said it will appeal the court's decision. "I'm confident that ultimately the judge or the appellate court will see the legal and evidentiary flaws in Spain's claim," said Gregg Stemm, the CEO of Odyssey. "We'll be back to argue the merits of the case."
It's understandable that many people over the years have questioned the validity of the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing. It was an incredible, unprecedented triumph for NASA and a monumental achievement for humanity in general—and one we haven't bothered to repeat since the end of Apollo.
The general idea behind most moon landing conspiracy theories is that the landing was faked on a sound stage with actors, a set, and professional lighting taking the place of the real deal. There are all kinds of article and YouTube videos dedicated to this argument—and plenty dedicated to debunking it, too. This new video from TruTV's Adam Ruins Everything is a quick distillation of the case against the hoax theory. It would've been harder to fake the landing on Earth than it would have been to actually go to the moon. In fact, in 1969 it would have been impossible.
There are a few key reasons for this. On reason is the shadows, which are the result of parallel sun rays with no diffusion. The only way to recreate this on Earth would be to light the scene with millions of super-bright lasers. Lasers were incredibly expensive in 1969, and the only color they came in was red. In modern times, we could just change the color with CG, but back then, altering images with computers wasn't possible.
Aside from this huge hurdle, there's the issue that dooms a lot of grand conspiracy theories: Even if NASA had secretly invented computer graphics and kept it from the public, the organization would have had to keep 400,000 employees from spilling the beans, and it would have needed to coordinate the story with dozens of world leaders, including our enemy at the time, Russia.
The moon landing isn't fake. So relax. We have plenty of real problems to worry about.
Source: CollegeHumor via Digg
Ugly Ducklings and shrinking violets no longer. Ready to make their late debut, they are:
THAT RUNNER'S HOT NEW THING
Made great by Citadel Sanctuary and CTM decks full of tracer ICE like Resistor. In hindsight, Sunny's trace triggering current being released in 23 Seconds, alongside NBN: Controlling The Message should have been a sign that the age of Power Tap was here (and that there was a decent but rarely seen matchup for Sunny runners slotting it). But it was Takeshi's Castle, rojazu's Andromeda + Citadel + Power Tap deck that brought the combo into the popular consciousness.
It's also facilitated some nasty Nexus + DLR decks that trace twice a turn. Yummy.
6 credits for 3 link (and 3 influence)? Turns out link of all stripes would be good against all those CTM traces.
Actually, since we're here…
Favoured over Paper Tripping (which was played more often but never went mainstream exactly) for being better over a long game with CTM's ability firing and Hard Hitting News and potentially Siphon tags to shake. SYNC was a big thing for a while there too.
It was showing up in Hayley lists to protect Clots and the like, and to sell to Aesop, but now it's here to protect your gross Tapwrm for some runaway clickless credit economy or to force the corp to purge twice. Also for protecting your Baba Yaga breaker soup. Again, speaking of the devil…
Apparently a solid choice for throwing on Baba Yaga with that strength to credit ratio. The good witch also removes the centrals only restriction.
Hacker headhunter befriends aging conspiracy theorist – the original odd couple. Interrupts your Frantic Coding after the installation/before the mass trash and also thins your deck for some surprising consistency.
Both seen in early Khan builds that wanted to derez everything. Not quite a tier one synergy in the end, using a lot of slots in a small deck, but it worked and was fun. On the other hand, the London Library + raptor breaker “ornithology” technique worked with Peregrine out of that NRDB deck of the week Kit list and somehow never quite made its way back into Khan with all those other birds…
Years after its release, and thereafter consistent swapping for Mimic, Femme or Dagger in most shaper decks, ol' Pipey's back with Sifr! Likewise with Ankusa, which has the trifecta of a high install cost, a non-existant base strength and a hefty price ber broken subroutine. The effect is strong enough though that removing the strength cost with Sifr makes it viable and punishing.
CORPORATE DARLINGS
Their stock appreciated by the prevalence and efficiency of those darn Paperclips.
CTM dishes a lot of tags. Stands to reason that the original tagstorm tools would finally have their time in the spotlight. To a lesser extent we've seen a bit more Keegan Lane and Lily Lockwell around.
It has better targets (DNA Tracker, Chiyashi) more support cards (Hasty Relocation, Nihongai Grid [sorta], Psychokinesis [also sorta]) than ever before. You used to see it never. Now you see it sometimes. Also, Hasty Relocation into Mutate can bury 2 unwanted cards back in R&D if you put the ICE on top. Non-Jackson agenda filters, they're everywhere now!
Pulled out of obscurity by Builder Of Nations for a hot week or two and still viable in that ID.
The Rumor Mill started it all. Jinteki/Caprice decks started slotting Scarcity Of Resources, Clone Retirement and “Clones Are Not People” in retaliation. Employee Strike vs Paywall Implementation in Blue Sun. I've seen decks with three Strikes and three Paywalls go head to head spamming and recurring those things. thebigboy's Sleeper Hold brought Enhanced Login Protocol to the forefront of people's minds. Fairchild 3.0 made it even better. Enforced Curfews from Cybernetics Division and IG 49/Ronin-Ceremony decks hoping to slay devotees of the SifrCite. The current wars are real now. Whose narrative shall be superior?!
[PYGMALION REFERENCE HERE]
There are quite a few other cards that have poked their faces into newly opened slots as factions received new tools. Did I miss some cards here? You betcha! Please let me and the world know what you've pulled out of Archives over the last 6 months.
I've loved the Flashpoint cycle and, if the scoops are anything to go by, things are only getting weirder and more wonderful in the next few weeks. Chairman Stone may be moving on to bigger and better things but their designs are not yet done.
Disclaimer: runner research biased by the pathologically criminal meta of Melbourne, Australia.
Advertisements
The Acacia Estates branch of Wingman restaurant has begun accepting Bitcoin payments.
The payment system here is powered by Bitmarket.ph and to accept Bitcoin payment waiters use the Android Bitcoin POS system.
The first Wingman restaurant in the Philippines was founded in 2009 and since then it has become one of the most famous restaurants. Basically it is an American-style restaurant, serving quality homemade food and beverages at affordable prices. Their specialty is chicken wings, of which they offer fifteen different flavors.
The restaurant has four branches in Manila, Philippines and Acacia Estates branch is the first to recognize digital currency.
Moreover, Wingman restaurant is a place for local Bitcoin Meetups.
Soon after the first news that Wingman restaurants was ready to adopt crypto-currency Lasse Birk Olesen, a Chief Product Officer at BuyBitcoin.ph and CEO at Bitcoin Nordic posted their opinion on Wingman Facebook page:
“It's been amazing and inspiring to see this community grow since we had our first meeting of about 10 people less than a year ago! It strengthens my belief that Filipinos might become one of the first nationalities to embrace P2P currency in daily life.”
THE father of imprisoned Irish lad Ibrahim Halawa has been criticised for not doing enough to stamp out Islamic radicalism.
Sheikh Hussein Halawa, whose son has languished in an Egyptian jail without trial since August 2013, is a prominent cleric at Ireland's biggest mosque in Clonskeagh, Dublin.
4 Sheikh Hussein Halawa, is the father of Ibrahim Halawa and a prominent cleric at Ireland's biggest mosque
But a counterpart imam yesterday told the Irish Sun of their shock that Halawa is listed as a Facebook friend of an Irish Muslim convert who spouts extremist anti-Western views.
Blanchardstown-based preacher Sheikh Umar Al-Qadri revealed that the fanatic — who posts under the name of Abu Yusuf Al Irlandi — urges jihad against supporters of democracy, which they label “shirk”, the sin of worshipping anything other than Allah.
One of the loon's rants posted last month said: “Beware of the callers to the Hellfire who try to involve you in democracy oh Muslims!
4 Blanchardstown-based preacher Sheikh Umar Al-Qadri who slammed Halawa for having radical Facebook friends
“Democracy is Shirk, stay far from it and its people and have enmity to them as Allah commanded.”
“In the West including Ireland the majority of the ‘representatives of Islam' mislead millions. May Allah make us from those who stand against this as it is a form of Jihad.
“So every brother and sister who has the ability must stand up and speak against these false callers lest we are questioned about it on the day of judgement.”
Sheikh Umar, who is chair of the Irish Muslim Peace and Integration Council, slammed the Facebook posts.
Most Read In News AISLE HORROR Bloody woman screams after 'being attacked with SCISSORS' in Dublin Centra SPRING STORM Met Eireann predict 'severe gusts' as charts show storm after 17C sizzle Breaking blaze horror Dublin fire crews rush to scene of blaze at flat complex in Santry Latest shots fired Man seriously injured in Drogheda shooting as gardai seal off two crime scenes 'very intimidated' Man sues Regency Hotel kill victim's sister after bike knock, court told HOME TREAT Ex-soldier gives up three-bed Laois home to help end family's house wait missing plea Poker ace who vanished from Dublin tournament 'may have wad of cash on him' TRUTH PLEA Murdered Clodagh Hawe's family brand Alan 'evil' as they demand new inquiry Exclusive horror smash Son of puppy farmer dies in Carlow crash just 30 hours after dad jailed lotto pain Relative of family who won €175m dies days before they're due to collect prize
They said: “Any individuals that are known to propagate hate narratives must be called out. Abu Yusuf Al Irlandi openly preaches that democracy is Kafir, which means it is a Muslim duty to fight against it. Interfaith dialogue is also forbidden.
“I am shocked to see in their Friends list the imam of the largest mosque in Dublin, Hussein Halawa.
“Muslim scholars like Sheikh Halawa have a very big responsibility.
4 Ibrahim Halawa who is currently in an Egyptian prison awaiting trial
“Such individuals as Al Irlandi, why are we giving them safe space?
“Some of these posts have been liked by Irish converts. And these are new Muslims. They are being radicalised.
“I am so, so worried now. I have been saying for the last two years that there are extremists. Now it's proven one of the London bombers lived in Rathmines, Dublin.
“I would like all Muslim leaders to call out such individuals. Enough is enough. Our religion is a religion of compassion, of mercy.
4 Ireland's biggest mosque which is located in Clonskeagh, Dublin
“By not speaking out against these individuals, they are allowing them to hijack our religion.”
Speaking on behalf of their dad, Nosayba Halawa told the Irish Sun: “His opinion is very clear. They have said it many times in their prayer, through the media and in their lectures in the mosque that they will never, ever support terrorists.
“And if they knew someone that was radical we would tell about them to Government.”
Coumarins and furanocoumarins are secondary metabolites commonly found in citrus plants. These molecules are allelochemical compounds in plants that have controversial effects on humans, such as phototoxicity and the commonly described interactions with drugs, referred to as the "grapefruit juice effect". Thus, it is important to develop a reliable method to identify and quantitate the coumarins and furanocoumarins in citrus extracts. For this purpose, we herein describe an ultraperformance liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS)-based method. We first developed a rapid UPLC method (20 min) to separate the isomers of each furanocoumarin. A subsequent single ion monitoring MS detection method was performed to distinguish between the molecules, which were possibly coeluting but had different molecular weights. The method was successfully used to separate and quantitate 6 coumarins and 21 furanocoumarins in variable amounts within peel extracts (flavedo and albedo) of 6 varieties of Citrus (sweet orange, lemon, grapefruit, bergamot, pummelo, and clementine). This method combines high selectivity and sensitivity in a rapid analysis and is useful for fingerprinting Citrus species via their coumarin and furanocoumarin contents.
Instead of using tote bags, tickets to live events, or other swag, The Guardian‘s membership program has grown to 800,000 supporters a year and a half after doubling down on its membership initiative. The key? A shift from a commercially focused plea to an emotional, service-based request, the two women leading the effort said.
“Our appeal is very much an appeal from The Guardian,” Amanda Michel, deputy executive editor of membership and senior product manager for acquisitions and data technology, said. “It doesn't speak to the section they're in. It doesn't speak to what they read. It speaks to the heart of the Guardian's moment.”
Financial difficulties struck The Guardian, the London-based, trust-owned international news organization, in recent years, with the print-to-digital advertising downturn that wracked news industries around the world. It had also taken on an ambitious plan to expand internationally following its coverage of Edward Snowden's NSA files and subsequent Pulitzer in 2014. That ambition didn't quite follow through — Buzzfeed reported in June that “the thirst for global expansion was so strong, in fact, that the Guardian's former US CEO says they were pressured to make unattainable business projections to fuel the growth.” Those figures included $15.5 million in revenue from April 2015-16 amid more than $15 million in operating losses with a revenue target of $32.2 million for 2016-2017. Faced with the heat of digital advertising and ad-blocking software, the Guardian focused on shaking things up.
“Will it be a wall between the reader and the content? No, it won't be. It'll be adding more value for people who want to get more involved in the Guardian, who feel passionate about the Guardian. We recognize we have to get more direct-to-consumer revenue over time, and the way we will do that is through membership-type propositions, but it's going to be much more than a paywall. A paywall is to me an inverse loyalty scheme, where the more you consume the more you pay, which doesn't seem to work.”
The organization offers subscriptions and, as of this past summer, a philanthropic arm as well, but turned to membership in 2014 to draw readers further in and bolster its grassroots support rather than instituting a paywall. Former Guardian Media Group CEO Andrew Miller explained the mindset at the time:
In January 2016, The Guardian re-emphasized the potential of the membership program while embarking on cutting spree of 20 percent, about 50 million pounds, from its budget over three years. The “enhanced membership offer” aims to double reader revenues, according to a Guardian press release detailing the cost-cutting breakdown. Around this time, “a small cross-functional team made up of editorial, commercial, UX and engineers began to reimagine what the membership scheme could be when rooted in the Guardian's journalism,” Michel said. They and membership executive editor Natalie Hanman transitioned within their Guardian roles to focus on membership. (Michel had joined the Guardian in 2011 as open editor, bringing their experience from ProPublica and Huffington Post with skills in community engagement, and Hanman was editor at the Guardian's opinion site.) Twelve thousand members had already signed up, but the membership system largely centered on in-person events — not exactly encouraging anyone outside of London to become a member.
“It was in April last year that Amanda and I did the first experiment basically using a carrot, not a stick, to support the Guardian's journalism,” Hanman said, explaining that the Panama Papers investigation was the first test of some of those ideas. “We were really drawing the link between time and effort and skill we put into that investigation, working with these organizations around the world and asking people if you value this, please contribute toward this.”
By the end of 2016, reader revenues — that's memberships, subscriptions, newsstand sales, and one-time contributions — comprised more of the Guardian's revenue than advertising dollars did.
Last month, editor-in-chief Katharine Viner announced that financial support from readers had officially surpassed advertising revenue, noting that 500,000 individuals contributed monthly to the Guardian as members and print/digital subscribers and another 300,000 one-time donations have added to the organization's coffers.
“We are encouraged and cheered by the hundreds of thousands of you who are supporting our journalism. In the last year alone, the number of readers who support us regularly has more than doubled, and we now receive more income from our readers than we do from advertisers. This is a significant step,” Viner wrote.
In its infancy, the membership program had invited readers to become “friends” for free while paying for events, “partners” for £15 (US $19.79) per month with discounts to ticketed events, and “patrons” for £60, with the asupervisorstioned discounts and access to Guardian newsroom events. Now, however, readers can join as “supporters” for £5 per month with ticket access, “partners” for £15 per month that includes tickets to Guardian Live events or Guardian-published books and a welcome gift, or “patrons” or £60 per month with the other benefits plus access to “exclusive, behind-the-scenes” events. But Michel and Hamnan credit the events for catalyzing change and restoring energy to the membership drive.
Because readers outside of London didn't have much incentive to attend Guardian events at the newsroom in the city and the Guardian was making this international thrust, it didn't make sense to push that as central to the journalism organization's pitch when readers and reporters, editors, and designers could interact in more multidimensional ways. The pair revamped both the ask and the offerings — moving from 12,000 members in the beginning of 2016 to, today, 300,000.
A surprising number of readers also didn't understand the financial struggles plaguing print journalistic organizations of all sizes, Hanman and Michel said. By placing an appeal on the Panama Papers articles in April 2016, “we were really drawing that link between time and effort and skill we put into that investigation, working with these organizations around the world, and asking people if you value this please contribute toward this,” Natalie said.
The request at the foot of Guardian articles today:
“Our marketing colleagues…are used to using one line [pitches] to advertise membership,” with a focus on pithiness and wit, Hanman said. “The longer appeal resonates with people more. We need to explain to people why we are pursuing this approach. Even as journalists used to writing snappy headlines, we need to take a bit more time here.”
Aside from intricate investigations like the Panama and the more recent Paradise Papers revelations, the Guardian's membership spiked following coverage on the environment, Brexit, and the U.K. election. Some members even double-dipped and made more donations as new reporting emerged.
“Quite a few readers had already supported the Guardian, and they wanted to give again,” Michel said. “A pretty significant percentage of them were educators. This was a way for them to ensure that the public could be well informed on a topic that they felt should be in the public domain.”
Members' responses to topics validate time and attention spent by the editorial staff to the stories on that beat. The reader feedback creates a looped “work-and-learn approach” while also validating Guardian coverage, Michel said. But this work requires feeding the beast in a different way: “We want to keep growing our base but making sure the 800,000 supporters we have feel valued,” Hanman said. “If they want to have a close relationship with us, we develop it.”
Engagement with Guardian members includes a weekly newsletter to supporters, a weekly “behind the scenes” story production series, a Q&A with a columnist, and even a podcast based on supporters' calls and questions. Hanman and Michel said the next goal is not based on reaching another metric milestone, but on delving further into reader relationships.
“The last year has really been a foundational year,” Michel said. “It's about creating a network of colleagues across the Guardian to develop essentially a shared experience and expertise. Now that we have the foundation we can start becoming more creative.
“We've moved away from the traditional transactional model to a more emotional one that's rooted in our journalism,” they added.
Greg Postel says Rick Pitino and AD Tom Jurich have been placed on administrative leave, and no charges have been filed against the University of Louisville or its employees. (2:37)
Louisville men's basketball head coach Rick Pitino has been placed on unpaid administrative leave, interim president Greg Postel announced Wednesday.
Athletic director Tom Jurich has been placed on paid administrative leave, Postel said at a news conference.
The news comes after the program was linked to a federal investigation into fraud and corruption in recruiting.
Postel said the school will work quickly to name an interim coach and athletic director, possibly within 48 hours. The status of the coaching staff will be decided by the interim coach, Postel said.
"I'm more angry than embarrassed," Postel said at the news conference. "We will be looking for someone with integrity. ... There's no reason this team can't have a good season."
The school's board of trustees was unanimous in supporting the moves, according to chairperson J. David Grissom, who also attended the news conference.
The trustees will make the final decision on Jurich and Pitino no later than their next scheduled meeting, Postel said. The board of trustees webs site list the next meeting on Oct. 19.
"It is vital for this university to strictly adhere to the NCAA rules and, of course, federal law," they said. "Failure to do that would be a tacit endorsement of criminal behavior."
A statement sent later Wednesday by Pitino's attorneys noted that Pitino had "in effect, been fired."
"The information disclosed thus far in the investigation is clearly insufficient to implicate Coach Pitino in any type of misconduct or other activity that would violate the terms of their contract," the statement read in part. "In sum, Coach Pitino has done nothing wrong and there is no evidence to suggest otherwise.
"Moving forward, Coach Pitino's primary concern is for the well-being of the student-athletes on the University's basketball team, and in getting complete and accurate facts in the ongoing investigation. Those facts will inevitably exonerate him."
Pitino is represented by Steve Pence, Kurt Scharfenberger and Bryan Cassis.
Jurich and Pitino met Wednesday morning with Postel and Grissom, when they were informed of the decision.
According to their contract, Pitino must be given 10 days' notice before any firing can be official.
On Tuesday, 10 men -- including a top Adidas executive and four college assistant coaches -- were charged with using hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to influence star athletes' choice of schools, shoe sponsors, agents and even tailors. Federal prosecutors said at least three top high school recruits were promised payments of as much as $150,000, using money supplied by Adidas, to attend two universities sponsored by the athletic shoe company.
Postel later confirmed that Louisville is part of the investigation. It marked the latest case of Pitino and their Louisville program being in the news for impropriety.
Tom Jurich brought Rick Pitino to Louisville; now they could be leaving together amid scandal. AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley
In 2010, the coach testified in a federal extortion trial involving Karen Sypher, who went to prison after trying to get money and gifts from them in exchange for silence. The married Pitino admitted to having sex with the woman in a closed Louisville restaurant in 2003.
In 2015, the NCAA launched an investigation into a sex-for-pay scandal organized by former Louisville assistant coach Andre McGee that could force the Cardinals to vacate their 2013 national title and dozens of victories. For that, Pitino would have been suspended for Louisville's first five ACC games this season. That all came after the school, hoping to soothe the NCAA and temper the sanctions, self-imposed a 2016 NCAA tournament ban.
But Tuesday's news revealed much broader potential issues.
After a three-year investigation by the FBI, federal prosecutors announced charges of fraud and corruption against 10 men associated with college basketball: assistant coaches Chuck Person (Auburn), Lamont Evans (Oklahoma State), Emanuel "Book" Richardson (Arizona) and Tony Bland (Southern California); James Gatto, director of global sports marketing for Adidas; Merl Code, another Adidas employee; Christian Dawkins, a former NBA agent who was recently fired from ASM Sports; Munish Sood, a financial adviser; Jonathan Brad Augustine, president of The League Initiative and program director of the Adidas-sponsored 1 Family AAU program; and Rashan Michel, a former NBA official who founded Thompson Bespoke Clothing, a custom clothier for athletes.
In a statement released Wednesday night, Arizona said the school has "initiated the dismissal process against" Richardson. Further, the school says it has begun an independent investigation into the allegations against Richardson that will be led by an external law firm.
The allegations against the unnamed school in Kentucky -- later identified as Louisville -- include payments of $100,000 from Adidas to the family of an unnamed player, identified as "Player-10," to ensure they sign with the school.
Rick Pitino coached 16 seasons at Louisville, which included a national championship that could be vacated. Ian Johnson/Icon Sportswire
According to the complaint, Gatto, Code, Dawkins and Sood worked together to funnel $100,000 to the player's family in early June, and Dawkins told the others that they did so at the request of a Louisville coach. "Player-10" is described in the complaint as a top recruit, and ESPN has identified the recruit as Brian Bowen, a five-star guard/forward who signed with Louisville on June 5. The FBI said telephone records show Gatto spoke directly with the unnamed coach multiple times in the days before the player publicly committed to play for the Cardinals.
On Wednesday, Postel said one player has been suspended indefinitely and withheld from practices and workouts until the investigation is resolved. They did not name the player, and the player's name was not released by federal prosecutors, but a source tells ESPN the player is Bowen. The first-year student has yet to play in a game with the Cardinals.
"This decision will protect the interests of both the student and the University of Louisville," Postel said.
The complaint said another high school player was paid to sign with the Cardinals, with Dawkins paying the money by funneling it through Augustine.
Pitino, 65, released a statement after news of the charges was announced Tuesday, saying, "These allegations come as a complete shock to me."
"If true, I agree with the U.S. Attorneys Office that these third-party schemes, initiated by a few bad actors, operated to commit a fraud on the impacted universities and their basketball programs, including the University of Louisville," they said. "Our fans and supporters deserve better and I am committed to taking whatever steps are needed to ensure those responsible are held accountable."
Just three years earlier, Pitino had railed against the influence of athletic shoe companies in the recruiting process, ending a 2014 news conference by bemoaning a system they believe is often driven by the likes of Nike and Adidas.
"What I personally don't like [is] I can't recruit a kid because they wear Nike on the AAU circuit," Pitino said then. "I had never heard of such a thing, and it's happening in our world. Or, he's on the Adidas circuit, so the Nike schools don't want him." Pitino then added it's a very tough situation to address "because our pockets are lined with their money."
Pitino has won two national championships (his first was with Kentucky in 1996), reached seven Final Fours and won 770 career games.  They are in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
They have been especially successful at Louisville. Since taking over in the 2001-02 season, the Cardinals have a .744 winning percentage (sixth nationally), 28 NCAA tournament wins (ninth) and three Final Four appearances (tied for sixth).
They were expected to guide what many believe is a top-10 team entering this season, a group led by Deng Adel, Quentin Snider and breakout candidate V.J. King to go with five-star center Malik Williams. According to the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook, the Cardinals were at 15-1 odds to win the NCAA title before the Pitino news broke, trailing only Duke (6-1), Michigan State (7-1), Kentucky (10-1), Arizona (10-1), North Carolina (12-1) and Kansas (14-1).
Louisville opens the season Oct. 30 against Kentucky Wesleyan.
Information from ESPN's Myron Medcalf and The Associated Press was used in this report.
The Dutch called it tulpenwoede. In 1635, as Dutch society was enjoying its golden age, a craze for tulips swept the country. At the height of the fad, a single tulip bulb was reported as costing ten times the average annual wage. "Many individuals grew suddenly rich," wrote Scottish journalist Charle Mackay in their 1841 book, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds. "A golden bait hung temptingly out before the people, and, one after the other, they rushed to the tulip marts, like flies around a honey-pot."
Many have found the flaws in Mackay's colourful reporting over the centuries, but they identified at least one persistent cultural truth: the more sudden and explosive the fad, the more devastating the aftermath for those who see it as a quick route to riches.
There's a tulip craze happening right now, and us gamers are in the thick of it. We call it free-to-play. It's the future, we're told. While the likes of Tomb Raider sell over three million copies and still disappoint accountants, games you've never heard of earn sums every month that dwarf the so-called blockbusters we obsess over. This isn't the semantic split between hardcore and casual, a simple tidal shift in favour of a different section of the market. This is a completely new market, a fundamental change not only in the way games are sold, but how they're designed.
And I don't understand it. That bothers me. As someone who writes about games for a living, and has done for over 20 years, I want to understand. I want to embrace change. I spoke up in favour of casual gaming and motion control, because I want there to be lots of directions in which games can develop. I don't want every game to be designed with us in mind. Most especially, I don't want to be the bitter old Luddite standing on the sidelines, waving a placard and shouting "Down with this sort of thing!" as the world marches onwards. I hate that guy. It's not me.
After playing Clash of Clans for a while, you'll really miss the days when things only took four hours to build.
So I've been playing a lot of free-to-play games. In particular, I've been playing a lot of Clash of Clans, a multiplayer mash-up of light combat strategy and basic city building that is the latest shining star of the free-to-play scene. It's from Finnish developer Supercell, a small company that makes more money from just a handful of titles than EA does from almost a thousand apps. According to Venturebeat, Clash of Clans pulls in over a million dollars a day.
Are these games any good? Well, here's where my own confusion comes crashing in. I honestly have no idea. I've spent four weeks playing Clash of Clans, but over that time I've spent only a few hours at most actually playing the game. If this is the future, we need a new vocabulary.
It's important at this point to clarify that the notion of free-to-play is not, in itself, a bad thing. Clearly the traditional model of paying forty quid up front for a game in a box is struggling to survive in the current market. A return to the old PC shareware model - the game is free, but if you like it you can pay to unlock more of it - makes sense.
"Try before you buy" is a reliable way to make a sale - nobody buys a car without a test drive - and it works because the onus is on the developer to make a product that hooks, tantalises and satisfies the customer. Such games did tend to be front loaded, with all their most exciting bits in the first sections, all the better to hook the player, but the transaction was a fundamentally honest one.
I don't see a lot of honesty in the kind of model that Clash of Clans and dozens of other build-a-village themed games use. I just can't see them as games, and this bothers me. A lot. I hate people who say "It's not a real game" because that's such a close-minded avenue of thought. Yet I look at these products and I don't see games. I see payment machines, made to look like entertainment.
The gameplay in Clash of Clans is tissue thin. You mine gold and elixir, and use these twin currencies to build and upgrade other structures. The kinds of things you can build, and the number, is determined by the level of your Town Hall. Upgrade this, at enormous cost, and more options become available. It's a multiplayer game, so you're also building defences and raising armies to go and attack others.
Smurf Village: Capcom's Smurf Village, one of the first breakout F2P hits.
Except there's no point to any of it. You can build walls around your buildings and carefully place the handful of cannons and mortars you're allowed, but a player with a large enough army will overwhelm you through sheer force of numbers. You, of course, win your bouts in the same way. Just train as many troops as you're allowed, fling them at your randomly assigned foe and victory comes through volume rather than skill.
The surface mechanics might be similar to strategy games we recognise, or even identical in some cases, but the systems underneath are created from the ground up for diametrically opposed functions. You don't have to get better at a free-to-play game in order to do well. You just need an insane amount patience or very deep pockets. At best it's a mindless distraction, something to absentmindedly click on a few times a day, the illusion of purpose sold through numbers getting bigger and a screen that slowly fills with colourful images.
Victory or defeat matters little in the long run. Destroyed buildings automatically get repaired in a matter of seconds, and it's notable that this is the one time Clash of Clans gives you something quickly and for free. This, after all, is the point where players might get discouraged and not come back. And if they don't come back, their wallets remain out of reach forever.
Clash of Clans is not unique. It's just the latest example of an unpleasant trend. A traditional game is designed to entertain the player, to make them feel their money has been well spent. The free-to-play game is designed to keep people busy while gently teasing payment out of them, just as the farmer distracts the cow with a feeding trough as they hook up the machine that will suck its udder dry.
I don't like being milked, and call me a curmudgeon but the most fun I've had with free-to-play games is seeing how long I can go before I absolutely have to spend money. That abstract battle of wills is almost always more engaging than whatever passes for actual gameplay, and it reveals much about the broken centre of such titles.
I've come to realise that it's not so much the need to pay-as-you-go that offends my sensibilities. That, in itself, is fine so long as we know what's being paid for. It's that these games escalate in a deeply cynical way. The first time you build something, it takes a few minutes. A couple of upgrades later, it'll take hours. Soon enough, you're being asked to wait for days. And as the delay increases, so too does the real money cost of skipping it. What once demanded ten gems now requires 200. The £2.99 bag of virtual gems you bought on your first day of play will buy far more than an identical bag of gems purchased a week later. That's a crooked economy, blatantly stacked against the player.
There's actually a cold genius to the construction of these things. You need to build X, but to do that you need Amount Y of Resource Z, and to get that much you need to upgrade buildings A and B, and so on. It's intricate and deep, a web of need that never stops growing, and it's dedicated solely to obstructing the player, holding them back so much that they'll pay to progress at normal speed, if only for a short time. If these developers could put the same attention to detail into the gameplay mechanics as they do into their payment structure, the result would be amazing.
EA has announced that all its games will incorporate microtransactions from now on. Is this thin end of the F2P wedge?
It's this steady ratcheting, the reeling in of the fish, that sours the free-to-play model, relying on a psychology that has its roots not in entertainment media but in casinos, bookmakers and payday loans. The gameplay, such as it is, does not change or escalate but the cost does, constantly and inevitably. That's wrong, pure and simple. Technically, you can play these games without ever spending money, just as you can technically walk a marathon with a washing machine chained to your ankle, but every 100 metres they add another washing machine and move the finish line back a few miles. Sooner or later the effort required for each step outweighs the reason for taking part, and you either feel obliged to pay for some boltcutters or simply give up and accept that you've wasted your time.
Are such games fun? Millions of people play them, goes the argument from people whose job is to tell us such things, so the games must be fine. It's a classic case of argumentum ad populum, the notion that popularity is another word for truth, yet it only holds true for as long as we consider gaming to be a financial transaction, and nothing more. People spend thousands on lottery tickets and scratchcards and get nothing back. People spend hours at fairground cabinets trying to grab cheap trinkets worth only a fraction of the money required to win them. We're a silly, irrational species and we're easily bamboozled or distracted into throwing our money away, especially if we're told we're enjoying it.
I don't really begrudge people whatever enjoyment they claim to get from these cynical free-to-play games, and I don't even blame the companies making them for seizing the opportunity. What I do worry about is what this means for games as a medium. With traditional business models in crisis, and absolutely crazy profits being made in F2P, the pressure is as obvious as it is sinister. There are ways to implement the freemium idea without compromising the integrity of the game, but when the titles making the most money are the ones that are most ruthless in their monetisation, what message does that send to the boardrooms of beleaguered publishers?
Nobody comes away from the fairground grabber machine feeling enriched or inspired, children don't grow up wanting to become scratchcard designers and lottery tickets make for poor storytellers. Is gaming a vibrant creative artform capable of great things, or just a way of separating rubes from their money? As more and more publishers drool over the staggering sums being generated by titles like Clash of Clans, the answer only becomes more important. Get it wrong, and we'll be left with nothing but wilted tulips and regret.
If the NHL waits for the legal process to play out before lifting Slava Voynov's indefinite suspension, they will almost certainly end up serving one of the longer bans in league history.
Consider: The Los Angeles Kings are scheduled to play 18 times before the defenceman is even due in court on Dec. 1 — and that could be just the beginning if domestic abuse charges are pursued against them in California. Some cases drag on for years.
Absent a quick legal resolution, the NHL is left in an unenviable spot. How can it fairly be expected to serve as judge, jury and executioner?
More NHL on Sportsnet:
Subscribe: Rogers GameCentre Live
Rogers Hometown Hockey | Broadcast Schedule
Sportsnet Fantasy Hockey Pool
That task is further complicated by the fact the case will be closely monitored by every major sports league, not to mention interested parties from across North America. The NHL is treading new ground here, starting with Monday's decision to suspend Voynov before they had even posted $50,000 US bail.
Gary Bettman's quick reaction was widely hailed, including in this corner, but the NHL commissioner may also have unlocked Pandora's box in the process. They arguably had no choice.
A key aspect of the suspension is that Voynov will continue to be paid during the NHL investigation, which leaves the impression he's being presumed innocent while the league collects more facts.
However, it also keeps their $4.167-million annual salary cap hit on the Kings books.
Right now that is probably the least of the team's worries, but concern will grow quickly if Voynov stays in cap limbo for long. Los Angeles is currently operating within $500,000 of the upper limit and will be severely hamstrung when it comes to roster juggling without one of its top defencemen.
At least one source believes that Voynov's suspension could be changed to an unpaid one if the NHL's investigation uncovers any wrongdoing. That would allow the Kings to claim a contract violation stemming from an off-ice incident, just as the Minnesota Wild did when goaltender Josh Harding injured themselves by kicking a wall in frustration before training camp.
However, what if that happened and no guilt was ever proven beyond a reasonable doubt in court? Would Voynov be owed the backpay? Would the Kings be in violation of the cap (assuming they used the space such a move would free up)?
The potential issues are everywhere you look, which is why pro sports leagues used to proceed with caution. But we've entered a new era. Not only one of heightened sensitivity, but also one with hard salary caps and complex rules.
“There are so many things,” Kings GM Dean Lombardi told reporters in Los Angeles. “Slava certainly has their rights. Then you have the process that the police and their investigation, and then you've got the league investigation, then you've got the issues about ‘OK, how long does this go?'
“So we're kind of in limbo until this process plays out.”
There is clearly risk involved with deciding anything before the courts do. There is also the question of how long the NHL is willing to wait.
On Tuesday, deputy commissioner Bill Daly told Sportsnet that it was “too early to say” if a disciplinary hearing could be held for Voynov before the legal process plays itself out. The other affected parties seemed to be waiting to get a sense of how the league will proceed.
There has been a united front throughout the hockey world since Voynov was arrested early Monday morning at a Redondo Beach hospital where a woman was being treated for injuries. Kings coach Darryl Sutter said that the NHL's suspension was “appropriate” and the NHL Players' Association is believed to have supported it as well.
Cracks may come with time.
As much as everyone can agree on the gravity of the situation and the need to act quickly, the cart is currently out front of the horse. The legal system inches along with caution. The hockey world races through a season at break-neck speed.
In the middle of all that, the NHL wants to be proactive but also needs to be fair.
There are some that believe the league was fortunate to encounter this situation after the NFL's mishandling of the Ray Rice case because it offered a roadmap of how not to do things.
However, what's quickly become clear is that the NHL finds itself alone in a changed sporting landscape and doesn't have much firm ground to walk on while trying to do the right thing.
A massive new museum and academic complex is set to revitalize the McLaughlin Planetarium site, which has sat dormant for almost 20 years. Later today, U of T will announce plans to knock down the planetarium and build in its place a complex that will house a new Jewish Museum of Canada, a performance hall for the Faculty of Music, research centres, and academic space for the history department.
There is significant fundraising to do before the project becomes a reality, but given the involvement of Four Seasons founder Issy Sharp, one tends to think that the target of $150 million is reachable. Toward that end, U of T president Meric Gertler told the Star that " the complex is in the early stages of planning and approvals."
Speculation as to the future of the site at 99 Queens Park Cres. has been quiet of late, but ever since the planetarium shut down, it's been a prime piece of real estate waiting for redevelopment. And while it will be sad to see such a unique building go (one that notably doesn't have heritage status. Update: A review is actually pending), at least the proposed replacement bears significant cultural value, something the marquee location quite frankly deserves.
Guitarist J. Geils, born John Warren Geils Jr., has died at age 71.
Geils was found dead in their Groton, Massachusetts, home. They had lived in the town for 35 years. Groton police said officers responded to Geils' home around 4 p.m. ET Tuesday for a well-being check and found them unresponsive. They were pronounced dead at the scene. "A preliminary investigation indicates that Geils died of natural causes," police said in a statement.
As leader of The J. Geils Band, the group had 17 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, including 10 top 40-charting hits. The band's biggest single, "Centerfold," spent six weeks at No. 1 and "Freeze-Frame" peaked at No. 4.
Geils formed The J. Geils Band in 1967 with Danny Klein, Magic Dick Salwitz, Stephen Jo Bladd and Peter Wolf (later Seth Justman joined) while studying mechanical engineering at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. They released 11 studio albums before breaking up in 1985. The group would reunite on and off over the years following.
The band's other charting singles include "Love Stinks" (No. 38), "Give It To Me" (No. 30), "Must of Got Lost" (No. 12) and "I Do" (No. 24). They also had 15 charting albums on the Billboard 200, including the No. 1 set Freeze-Frame, which spent four weeks atop the list in 1982 and finished at No. 5 on Billboard's year-end Top Pop Albums chart (while "Centerfold" was the year's No. 5 Top Pop Single).
In 2012, The J. Geils Band toured without Geils' involvement, leading the founding guitarist to file an unsuccessful lawsuit against group members Richard Salwitz, Danny Klein, Peter Wolf and Seth Justman over use of the band's name for a tour without him. Geils left the band permanently following this incident.
As my colleague Ben Morris wrote Wednesday, the NFL's annual free agent market is not, by and large, where Super Bowls are won and lost. At best, it's a place where teams tread water, paying the going rate for known talents. At worst, it's where teams waste a ton of money. It's not hard to see why: Because of “the winner's curse,” the team that lands a coveted free agent (cough, Ndamukong Suh) is usually the one whose front office overestimated their value by the greatest amount. And with a hard salary cap in place, miscues of that sort mean another aspect of the team is necessarily handicapped with fewer resources as a result.
Want more evidence that offseason roster reshuffling is pointless? Going back to the advent of the NFL salary cap (before the 1994 season), I looked at the relationship between the Approximate Value (AV) of veteran players acquired by a team over the offseason and how much the team's Simple Rating System (SRS) score improved the following season. Whether you gauge the quality of incoming players using their AV from the prior season alone or their cumulative AV over the preceding three seasons, there's essentially no connection between how much talent a team adds over the offseason and how much better (or worse) it gets that season.
But maybe adding talent is only half the equation. There's also the matter of preventing talent from leaving by re-signing veterans — or at least maintaining a positive mark in the offseason AV exchange ledger. However, even when looking at net veteran AV gained/lost over the preceding offseason, there's still no relationship between a team's ability to hoard proven talent in the offseason and its improvement or decline in the ensuing season.
Free agency always feels like one of the most exciting parts of the NFL offseason. But if history is any guide, the vast majority of what happens this week will have little bearing on how much any given team improves or declines next season.
Image caption Virgin Media said the current code was "open to misinterpretation" and refused to sign up
Several leading UK internet service providers have refused to sign a code of conduct designed to guarantee "full and open access" to the net.
Ten ISPs including BT, O2 and Talktalk backed the agreement promising not to restrict or block content unless there was a reason to deploy "reasonable traffic management practices".
But Virgin Media said the principles set out were too vague while Vodafone said the code was "impractical".
Everything Everywhere also opted out.
The Open Internet Code of Practice builds on an earlier traffic management agreement - which the three hold-outs did agree to - adding three new commitments:
ISPs promise open and full access to the net across their range of products.
Firms cannot market a subscription package as including "internet access" if certain kinds of legal content or services are barred.
Members must not target and degrade content or applications offered by a specific rival.
Exceptions to the rule include sites or services blocked by a court order; the need to manage congestion on the network if too many people are using data-hungry services at once; the imposition of data caps that are part of a user's contract; and the use of parental blocks deployed to keep children safe.
If breaches of the code occur they will be considered by a forum including the ISPs, the communications regulator Ofcom and media companies, known as the Broadband Stakeholder Group.
Two-tier threat
Net neutrality campaigners have long warned of the risk of a two-tiered system under which ISPs could charge premium rates for full internet access, or act to ensure their own video content was sent glitch-free while throttling material sent by other catch-up TV services.
The Netherlands became the first European country to pass a law forcing ISPs to guarantee equal access in May. However, no such right exists in the UK, although Ofcom has warned it might intervene if it saw a problem developing.
Ed Vaizey MP, the Minister for Culture, welcomed the new code.
"The internet has been built on openness and low barriers to entry, and this agreement will ensure that continues," they said.
Be, BSkyB, Kcom, Giffgaff, Plusnet, Tesco Mobile and Three also signed up to the plan, while Microsoft and the BBC were among those to praise its creation.
'Loose language'
The businesses which declined said they all supported the idea of an open internet, but had qualms about the code itself.
Virgin Media suggested the circumstances under which traffic management practices could be deployed needed to be defined more strictly.
Image caption Vodafone said the code was "impractical" as it would have restricted how it marketed its packages
"These principles remain open to misinterpretation and potential exploitation so, while we welcome efforts to reach a broad consensus to address future potential issues, we will be seeking greater clarity before we consider signing," said a spokesperson.
Vodafone said it objected to the agreement because of the restrictions it would impose on the way it marketed some of its subscription packages.
"These plans offer internet access to smartphone and dongle users, but under the code we would have been unable to use the phrase 'internet access' to describe many of the services enjoyed by customers," a spokesperson explained.
Everything Everywhere - which runs the T-Mobile and Orange mobile networks - said it was simply not ready to join.
"We believe it is too early to know how a code of this type will affect customers' internet experience, but it is something we will continually review," said a spokesperson.
The Broadband Stakeholder Group said it believed the code did have the "right approach", but "could not comment on the individual views of non-signatories".
By Maleesa Johnson
Staff Writer
The Baylor Board of Regents has voted to extend the contract of Judge Ken Starr in addition to assigning them the new title of president and chancellor.
No president before them has been named president and chancellor simultaneously. Starr became Baylor's president on June 1, 2010.  They are the 14th person to serve as president at Baylor.
“Judge Starr's original contract would have expired in 2015,” said Lori Fogleman, assistant vice president for media communications. “Even with their contract still years out, the board and the president began conversations about continuing to move forward and both agreed there is still work to be done. The extension at this time best serves both the needs of this university and the future needs of the president.”
According to the press release from Baylor Media Communications, the addition of “Chancellor” to Starr's title charges them to work to increase Baylor's influence worldwide.
“This is recognition of Judge Starr's outstanding work leading the university,” Fogleman said. “Also, it recognizes the work they will potentially be doing to catapult the Baylor brand nationally and internationally.”
The extension of contract and change of title are not the only changes taking place under the office of the president. Starr announced a change in the duties of Dr. Karla Leeper, formerly vice president for executive affairs and chief of staff to the President. Them title is now vice president for board and executive affairs.
Under this title, Leeper will manage and coordinate board affairs, lead Baylor's government relations activities, including its presence in Washington, and direct Baylor's Campus Event Services operation.
The staff of this operation works to assist those having their special event on campus.
According to Campus Event Services' website, their services include facility reservations, menu planning, audio/visual services, event production, event communications and more.
Leeper will also serve as chief compliance officer to ensure that Baylor has the necessary policies and processes in place to guarantee that Baylor satisfies the legal and ethical obligations of higher education institutions.
Courtney Barnett made their name with 2013's "Avant Gardener," a deadpan, loosely rambling account of a severe anaphylactic attack. The song, like its counterparts on their early EPs, was many things — wordy, funny, surprising, wittily crafted — but it wasn't forceful.
Today, the Melbourne singer-songwriter is a full-fledged rock 'n' roll star, leading a tight and aggressive band through songs that stomp harder and harder as they progress. But Barnett also doubles down on their dense, intricate, wonderfully written wordplay, and loses none of their sublime quotability along the way. On their new album, Sometimes I Sit And Think, And Sometimes I Just Sit, they can positively rage — a far cry from the mellow slacker fans heard in their early work.
Performing in NPR Music's SXSW showcase at Stubb's BBQ in Austin, Texas, Barnett more than matched the album's energy, as they and their band careened through most of Sometimes I Sit And Think with power that felt positively gigantic. They've only recently begun playing these songs live, but you'd never know it.
Set List
"Elevator Operator"
"Pedestrian at Best"
"An Illustration of Loneliness (Sleepless in New York)"
"Depreston"
"Nobody Really Cares If You Don't Go to the Party"
"Aqua Profunda!"
"Dead Fox"
"Kim's Caravan"
Credits
Producers: Saidah Blount, Mito Habe-Evans, Otis Hart; Technical Director: Kevin Wait; Director: Mito Habe-Evans; Videographers: Katie Hayes Luke, Morgan Walker, Carlos Waters, A.J. Wilhelm; Audio: Timothy Powell/Metro Mobile; Assistant Editor: Carlos Waters; Production Assistants: Lizzie Chen, Nathan Gaar Special Thanks: SXSW, Stubb's BBQ; Executive Producer: Anya Grundmann.
Few feelings trump that glorious moment when, with an outstretched hand clutching a bite of rope, you clip the chains of a climb you have put serious effort and thought into…
Sending a project is about as good as it gets. Few feelings trump that glorious moment when, with an outstretched hand clutching a bite of rope, you clip the chains of a climb you have put serious effort and thought into. But that tingling feeling that envelops your whole being for the next few hours wouldn't be half as sweet without the struggle.
That's why projecting a climb is so intriguing and rewarding. One day you're having trouble even comprehending how to execute a sequence of moves, and then, after plowing through doubts and morphing physically, it happens … and suddenly you're at the top of your project, experiencing that elusive wave of satisfaction.
Though there is no easy way to climb to the top of your project, there are methods and tactics you can use that will help improve your success rate. If you've pushed your limits before, you've probably already experienced the setbacks and failures that are part of projecting. However, have you ever noticed how some climbers seem to send more than others?
Ethan Pringle is one of those climbers. Though they have been crushing hard sport-climbs since the age of 10, Pringle is constantly challenging themselves with new projects. For example, in 2008, they decided to learn trad climbing. Applying their already-honed projecting tactics, Pringle quickly sent some of the world's hardest naturally protected routes, including the third ascent of the famed Cobra Crack (5.14) in Squamish, Canada.
At 27 years old, Pringle is one of the most accomplished climbers out there, with competition titles, 5.15a sends, the first repeat of America's hardest sport route Jumbo Love (5.15b), and cutting-edge trad repeats. Their ability to seek-and-destroy projects while on the road is remarkable, which is why I decided to pick their brain for their tried and true methods for redpointing.
I caught up with Pringle while they were resting between burns on their current project: the beautiful La Reina Mora (5.14d) in Siurana, Spain. [UPDATE: Pringle sent! Read: Ethan Pringle Sends La Reina Mora (5.14d)]
Pringle reflected on their methods and provided their top 10 tactics for sending success:
1) Pick a Project You're Psyched On
“Pick something that's on your mind RIGHT NOW,” says Pringle. “Hopefully it's something you fall in love with and you enjoy climbing on, because sometimes a line can be aesthetically pleasing to the eye or the ego, but if you're having a miserable time climbing on it, it'll be hard to stick with it for very long (unless time isn't an issue, like it is for me right now on La Reina Mora).”
“This is the most important thing for me,” continues Pringle. “The organic enthusiasm has to be there. I can still climb something hard for me if my heart isn't in it, but it can't be near my limit. I can only get away with climbing something that I'm not in love with, that I don't want to climb really bad, if it's not too hard for me.”
2) Don't Get Discouraged
“If your first couple times up the route don't go as well as you'd expect, don't give up. You don't have to expect setbacks, but if they come, don't let them deter you from sticking with it! I sometimes get discouraged or lose hope if I can't do all the moves on a potential project on my first go around on it … but, that's just silly! Think how few hard routes would get done if everybody had that attitude! Fortunately, if I'm drawn to a line enough, my psych will overrule my hopelessness and I'll keep trying.”
3) Try Different Beta
“You might be falling because you're trying the crux of your project using some method that you're buddy insisted was ‘the best!' Or maybe you're wasting energy on a part of the route you don't pay much attention to because you can get through it most of the time, but if you go back and refine your beta, you might have the slightest bit more energy to get through the crux. Slow yourself down and pay closer attention to where you're using a lot of energy on the route. Are you skipping intermediates? Using really low or high feet? I find that refining beta and micro-beta is a part of redpointing a hard route, sometimes until the try before I do it.”
4) Pace Yourself on the Easier Sections, Punch it Through the Business
“This may seem obvious but sometimes you need to remind yourself to really turn it on and try hard through the cruxes but then take your time on the easier sections. Notice which holds you can relax on and which ones you have to just get past without wasting too much energy. The goal is to get your project so dialed that you can relax on and flow through even the hardest moves on the climb.”
5) Break the Climb Down
“Break the climb down into sections of boulder problems or cruxes. It's a lot easier to handle the overall difficulty if you think about it as a series of boulder problems to get wired and link together.”
6) Learn The Rests
“Practice the route's rests and learn how to milk them. Sometimes the easiest way to do this is to just hang on and try different positions and grips. Shaking out—the physical act of shaking your arms—isn't always restful. The point of stopping to rest is to catch your breath, get oxygen to your brain and muscles, and yes, also to move your tired and seized muscles to increase blood flow. Violently shaking your arms isn't going to do much for you. Sometimes hanging on with both hands gently and just breathing evenly is more effective. Turn your chest away from the wall at a 90-degree angle so you can take deeper breaths and get more air in your lungs. Are you able to really relax in the position you're trying to rest in? Are you catching your breath? No? Then it's not a rest—just take a quick breather, shake each hand and keep going.”
7) Think Positively!
“Or at least be open to the possibility that you can and will do it. Listen to what you're telling yourself when you're on the route, approaching the crux. Are you telling yourself that you're going to fall? Maybe that's the case because you have gotten into the habit of falling there. Try telling yourself that you've got this! You know this and all you have to do is stay calm and execute.”
8) Don't Be Too Hard on Yourself
“Projecting is hard work and can turn from being something new and challenging and exciting into a chore or a job you have to clock into after a while, especially when the progress slows or stops. Give yourself a big pat on the back for your progress and gaining new milestones on the climb and go easy on yourself on the days when it feels harder or links aren't happening and expectations aren't met. Maybe it's humid, or maybe the cosmos has it out for you? No worries!”
9) Enjoy Easier Climbing
“If you're downright dreading the thought of getting back on your project and the excitement is absent, it might be time to take a little break and distract yourself with some fun, easier climbing.”
10) Stay Confident
“Do whatever quirky stuff you have to do to be confident. Brush the holds! Razor your shoes! Drink five cups of coffee! GET PSYCHED!!! You got this.”
Also Read
Also Watch
MARION — On the same day in 2015, the city paid an aviation company more than twice as much per acre for a slice of Marion Airport land than the company paid the original owners for it hours earlier.
As plans continue to evolve for the future of the small airport, and Marion receives funding from the Iowa Department of Transportation to help, some are questioning not only that transaction two years ago but also the city's direction in airport planning since, according to documents and City Council records.
The city did not obtain appraisals on the land in question before buying it; didn't seek proposals from other companies interested in operating the airport before making a deal with a newly formed limited liability corporation; and later distributed an inaccurate memo from City Manager Lon Pluckhahn recapping the purchase when questions arose.
In an interview, Pluckhahn said they stand by the property's purchase.
“All of this was done in full view of the public,” they said. “I know there are people who think I'm getting kickbacks. I've told them, if you feel that, then you hire an accounting firm and I'll give them full access to all of my financial transactions. It's not my responsibility to pay for that to prove to you that I didn't do anything wrong.”
A principal with operator LuxAir Aviation said the arrangement, at least initially, is a money loser and that the company has heavily invested in improving an airport vital to the city.
“Somebody had to take on the burden,” said real estate developer and pilot Jeff Witter, who helped form the aviation company. “No business person, unless they love flying and is an idiot, is going to say, ‘Wow this is a great opportunity to make some money.' We made just under a million in improvements we needed to spend to get it close to where it needs to be.”
CITY GETS INVOLVED
For years, Perry and Jan Walton owned and operated the Marion Airport. In 2014, Perry Walton's health began to deteriorate.
Some residents and longtime airport users came together to try to keep the airport running and financially viable, said Witter, who was part of that group.
Witter — who also owns Genesis Equities, a real estate development company, and Abode Construction — said they approached the city in 2014, wondering if officials would be interested in full or partial ownership of the airport land.
If a partial ownership deal was made, Witter said, Genesis Equities would help maintain and run the airport.
If the city were to own the entire airport — similar to airports run by the cities of Monticello and Independence — more federal funding streams could be available for construction and upkeep.
A factor appealing to the city was that the Marion Enterprise Center, a 184-acre business park, is west of the airport land. If improvements were made to the airport and traffic increased as a result, more people could access the center, Pluckhahn said.
“There was a strong sense with the City Council that if we didn't step in and do something, the airport was going to die,” they said. The airport “was something we always looked at as a potential asset. When you're marketing business parks or industrial parks, you're always looking for something to set them apart.”
But the City Council at the time was not interested in owning the full airport, they said. The least the city could own to qualify for Iowa DOT grants for improvements, they said, was the runway and a fixed base operator building.
But instead of Genesis Equities operating the airport, Witter and daughter Hannah Kustes created LuxAir Aviation LLC in March 2015. The duties of operating an airport were beyond the scope of what Genesis Equities could offer, Kustes said.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT NEWS AND SPORTS The day's top stories right in your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
By May 2015, the City Council voted 5-0 to have Pluckhahn close on the deal to purchase land including the runway and FBO building. The council also directed Pluckhahn to secure a lease with LuxAir, specifying it would manage and maintain all airport facilities for 10 years at no cost to the city. LuxAir also agreed to match $150,000 in grants.
In 2016, an 11-member Airport Advisory Board was appointed to make recommendations about an airport layout plan to the City Council.
QUESTIONS ASKED
As recently as March 9, during a City Council meeting where members were to vote whether to adopt the comprehensive airport layout plan, lawyer Bill McCartan spoke.
McCartan, with the Cedar Rapids firm of Bradley and Riley, told the council they were representing the Atlas Limited Partnership, owned by Terry Bjornsen. Bjornsen, who declined an interview with The Gazette, owns land south of the airport.
McCartan said their client wanted to “strongly encourage” the council to deny approval of the plan, according to a recording of the meeting.
They argued the city still would need to acquire more land to expand the runway so it could bring in more traffic, yet an expanded airport would decrease the developable value of nearby land.
And in a memorandum to the council, also provided to The Gazette, McCartan asserted the city's purchasing of airport land gave LuxAir a “windfall” profit.
“The city has entered into a transaction with the airport developer that is unbelievably one-sided and favorable to the developer,” they said at the council meeting.
They aren't the only one to ask questions about the airport land deal.
PURCHASE OF LAND
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT
Pluckhahn noted in a September 2016 memo to the council that they were approached by a member of the Airport Advisory Board, and that some council member were approached, too, about the same issue: the city's purchase of airport land.
“I thought I would provide this memo showing how the process unfolded,” Pluckhahn wrote.
Memo to Council-Airport Purchase by Gazetteonline on Scribd
The memo recounts the events that led up to June 1, 2015, when the airport land was split and purchased by LuxAir and a portion sold to the city.
“When I was asked by the advisory board member about it, the question was how Luxair ended up with 57 acres for $1.33 million while the city paid $1.67 million for 26 acres,” Pluckhahn wrote. “First, Luxair did not acquire 57 acres.”
But documents from the Linn County Recorder's Office show that on June 1, 2015, Jan Walton sold two parcels, including the airplane hangars, to LuxAir Aviation for a total of $1,355,300. Linn County Assessor's Office records show the two lots equal 52.57 acres.
A June 1, 2015, real estate transfer record made that afternoon shows that the first lot, of 26.13 acres including the FBO building and runway, was purchased by the city of Marion for $1.67 million. That comes to $63,911 paid per acre.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT
Declaration of value by Gazetteonline on Scribd
This means the city bought roughly half the land LuxAir purchased for more than the price LuxAir paid for it all.
Asked about the memo, Pluckhahn acknowledged the error in the description.
“The memo, unfortunately, had some inaccuracies,” they said. “I was getting questions from a bunch of different sources, and I was trying to answer all of them. Some of them were being relayed to me second- and third-hand.”
But Pluckhahn said they support the purchase, which the council had directed them to close.
Because the land was re-platted in the transaction, “it's trying to go in and judge something on values split and land transactions that didn't exist before the city agreed to enter into the land transaction.”
As for the price paid per acre, Pluckhahn said they were not able to immediately see what LuxAir paid because that purchase was a private transaction.
Cities are not required to appraise land before it is purchased, they said. However, the city is required to pay for land at the best-valued price.
An appraisal for Marion Enterprise Center land directly west of the airport came back at $80,000 per acre, and Pluckhahn said that price was used to determine the market value of the airport land nearby.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT
“The city has an obligation to make sure they are paying highest-use value for properties. We are not like a typical purchaser … that wants to negotiate down for the lowest price you can get,” they said.
LUXAIR INVESTS
Witter and Kustes said they don't understand why LuxAir is characterized as receiving a “windfall” for the purchase of the land.
“The lease is worth far more than the city paid for,” Kustes said. “We're mowing the grass, doing the repairs, keeping the lights on, that's all stuff the city would usually have to pay for. They have zero dollars as far as operational expenses.”
LuxAir has built a new building and fueling station, put down new gravel and asphalt and made other improvements, Witter said.
They said they hope that by the midpoint of the 10-year lease, LuxAir starts making more money.
In order to do that, fuel sales from more traffic through the airport need to increase, and Witter hopes there are private users wanting to build a hangar on the land that would provide another revenue source.
There currently are only two hangars on LuxAir property that the company can gather much rent from.
“I don't want to whine because it's the agreement we made, but it still loses a lot of money. We're just providing really a public service that a city would provide. The private part is a long way from viable,” Witter said. “We're hoping for the growth. The city of Marion deserves this. This helps Cedar Rapids and Hiawatha, too. Most businesses are looking for general aviation and commercial aviation” capabilities.
FUTURE IMPROVEMENTS
ADVERTISEMENT
The city already secured three grants from the Iowa DOT totaling $105,325 to improve infrastructure at the airport.
Pluckhahn said the city is waiting to hear from the Iowa DOT in August to see if it is awarded a grant for about $430,000.
The grant would help widen and rehabilitate the asphalt runway from 26 feet wide to 50, allowing larger planes.
If successful in the first project, Pluckhahn said the city could then discuss lengthening the runway from its current 3,775 feet to 4,200 feet.
However, that would entail purchasing more land, Pluckhahn said.
l Comments: (319) 368-8516; makayla.tendall@thegazette.com
On July 3, 17 people were killed and many more wounded by a US drone strike in the badlands straddling the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, an attack apparently targeting fighters of the Haqqani network.
The strike was the deadliest this year in the US' wide-ranging drone campaign to kill alleged members of hardline anti-American groups, from Pakistan's mountainous tribal areas to Yemen and Somalia.
Drones' effectiveness has left those in their crosshairs scrambling to find ways to defend themselves. Rudimentary drones have existed for almost as long as aircraft themselves, and were often used in the 20th century as targets to train fighter pilots. But in the 12 years since the first US armed drone strike in Afghanistan, unmanned aerial vehicles have become far more numerous and sophisticated, conferring overwhelming advantages on the attacker.
Acknowledging the deadly precision of drones, a new English-language magazine - apparently published by a Taliban-linked group - said neutralising UAVs was a priority for the Muslim community, or Ummah.
"With the death of so many Muslim assets, this is one of the utmost important issues that the Ummah must unite and come up with an answer to," implored the first issue of Azan. "Any opinions, thoughts, ideas and practical implementations to defeat this drone technology must be communicated to us as early as possible."
Snipe it, hack it, jam it, flee it
It's unclear whether the ideas generated by Azan's clarion call will ever be made public - but a document found in northern Mali this February by The Associated Press revealed how some fighters plan to defend against drones.
Written in Arabic by one Abdullah bin Mohammed, a commander of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQIM), the document spelled out 22 ways that AQIM members could counter drone attacks. The tactics included jamming the frequencies drones use for communication, using snipers to shoot drones down, and evading drones by using underground shelters, hiding in the shadows of buildings, or burning tyres to create plumes of black smoke.
A few of the tactics take a broader view of the drone war, recommending AQIM seek out and kill spies who may be helping to guide drones to their target, or kidnap Westerners to use as a bargaining chip to halt the strikes.
Items on the list, says Robert Densmore, editor of Defence Report, "make sense and are relatively easy to do. You don't need a lot of equipment or knowhow to do these kinds of things".
More sophisticated tactics have been tried out on a few occasions, though, with some degree of success. The Wall Street Journal reported in 2009 that fighters in Iraq had hacked US drones with off-the-shelf software costing as little as $25.95, which gave them access to the aircraft' video feeds - though not control over the drones themselves.
And in 2011, an RQ-170 Sentinel drone flown by the US crashed in northeastern Iran. Although the US government said the drone had simply malfunctioned, Iran claimed its cyberwarfare unit had commandeered its navigation system and landed it.
It's unclear what exactly happened, but Densmore speculates that Iran may have interrupted the drone's GPS signal, causing the aircraft to either crash, or revert to a crash landing.
"This is the weak link of non-automated technology: that there will always be a communications link and a GPS link" that can be disrupted, they said. "From a technology standpoint, all you need to do something like that is the right frequency and enough power and know where the target is … It's not super-high technology, that's just physics."
The US military's drone advantage won't last forever, says Densmore, who predicts those on the receiving end of the strikes will eventually devise more advanced and technologically savvy ways of thwarting the machines.
Yet it's not just armed fighters dodging drones. Unmanned US aircraft have likely killed hundreds of civilians, mostly in Pakistan, though the exact number is unknown. The attacks have permeated the culture of those who live in the dronelands: Pakistani balladeers write songs about drones, Yemeni mothers reportedly warn their kids that drones will get them if they don't behave, and mental trauma in areas where drones are active is said to be widespread.
Civilians in these areas have come up with their own ways of avoiding attacks. Baraa Shiban, a member of Yemen's National Dialogue and a project coordinator with human rights group Reprieve, said Yemenis they have spoken to in Maarib and Abyan governorates avoid gathering in large groups, standing out in the open, and associating with people suspected of affiliation with hardline groups.
Shiban added they and others in the National Dialogue were drafting legislation to include a ban on drone strikes killing people "outside of law” in Yemen.
Homeland insecurity?
Despite the many civilian casualties abroad, Americans overwhelmingly support their country's drone war.
Yet US civilians have their own worries. Legislators such as Rand Paul have voiced concerns that the Obama administration may launch drone attacks on American citizens on US soil. In March, Paul blocked Obama's nomination of John Brennan to lead the CIA, demanding in a 13-hour-long speech that the administration clarify whether it claims the right to use armed drones within the US.
Though armed drone strikes in the US are unlikely, some worry about being watched from above by unmanned aerial vehicles. Legislation signed earlier this year directed the US Federal Aviation Administration to permit drones to fly in US airspace by September 2015. Police departments and other law enforcement agencies will likely be the biggest users of the unmanned aircraft - and about three dozen police departments already have obtained permission to use drones, says Benjamin.
This development has spurred some entrepreneurs to market defence mechanisms. New York-based fashion designer Adam Harvey said they have invented "anti-drone garments" that purportedly makes the wearer invisible from drones' thermal imaging systems.
What's so fascinating about [the opposition to drones] is that it is truly bipartisan - and if anything, it's the conservatives who are on the forefront of this. - Medea Benjamin, anti-drone activist
One of the items for sale is based on the burqa and hijab worn by some Muslim women. "Conceptually, these garments align themselves with the rationale behind the traditional hijab and burqa: to act as 'the veil which separates man or the world from God,' replacing God with drone," reads a description of the clothing on Harvey's website.
Peter Singer, an expert on modern warfare at the Brookings Institution, isn't optimistic about this approach, however, explaining that "thermal imaging is not the only way you can be detected by a drone sensor. They also still use video cam and radar, plus you have coming shifts to multi-sensors that blend it all together," they told Al Jazeera.
And a start-up company in the US state of Oregon called Domestic Drone Countermeasures plans to sell devices that are "non-offensive, non-combative and not destructive" to stymie unmanned aerial vehicles.
"We understand the nature of the equipment drone manufacturers are using and understand how to counter their sensors," said Timothy Faucett, a lead engineer for the company. "We're not going to be countering Predator drones that are shooting cruise missiles, but we're talking about local law enforcement drones and commercial ones that people might be using for spying."
Medea Benjamin, an anti-drone activist and founder of the anti-war group Code Pink, says that because Americans "haven't really had to deal with [drones] concretely yet, there are all kinds of posturing about it. That posturing goes from: 'I'm gonna shoot one of them drones out of the sky,' to the hacking community saying, ‘Bring ‘em on: we'll just hack ‘em down'. But that's a bit of bravado."
The legislative path may be the most practical option to counter drone surveillance. Forty-one US states have already proposed laws limiting the use of drones for surveillance, says Benjamin, and five - Florida, Idaho, Montana, Tennessee, and Virginia - have already passed such legislation.
"We're actually in a very unique situation where since the airspace hasn't been opened up to drones yet, we're in a preventive mode," Benjamin told Al Jazeera. "What's so fascinating about [the opposition to drones] is that it is truly bipartisan - and if anything, it's the conservatives who are on the forefront of this, because of their concern about privacy issues."
Follow Sam on Twitter: @SamBollier
Russian President Vladimir Putin is believed to want to increase the size of their midget submarine fleet
Russian president Vladimir Putin is planning to recommission Cold War-era fleet of midget submarines, which are virtually undetectable.
The Piranha-class vessels can operate very close to the shore and can be used to drop mines or fire torpedoes.
With a crew of nine, the Piranha can approach silently and can even deploy combat divers or up to six special forces.
Putin is believed to be willing to sanction £230billion in military spending.
It is understood that one of the old Piranha vessels has been upgraded to act as a sales platform, to show off the potential of the weapons system to other buyers.
One military source told The Sun: 'Putin is breathing life into many old programmes and thinks subs are an effective way of getting what they want militarily. The Piranhas can come extremely close to land and are almost impossible to detect as they are so small.
'They could represent a significant threat to Britain if despatched here.'
Putin's increasingly aggressive stance follows their decision to send Cold War-era bombers on patrol around the North Atlantic, forcing the RAF to intercept.
Also, there have been several reports of unidentified submarines patrolling in Swedish waters. During one incident in October 2014, a semi-submerged black object was photographed while the Swedish navy were searching for a suspected Russian submarine.
The Swedish military said they had 'three credible sightings' of what they described foreign undersea activity in their waters.
Scroll down for video
Unlike the massive nuclear-powered vessels, pictured, the midget submarines are virtually undetectable
Over the past 18 months, Russian military forces have been patrolling far more aggressively
President Putin, centre, is keen to project Russian military might across the globe
Incursions by Russian subs was commonplace during the Cold War but the practice was less common.
Now there are suspicions Putin has ordered their underwater fleet to patrol areas
Rear Admiral Anders Grenstad said the armed forces had observed the activity in the Stockholm archipelago and nearby coastal area, but declined to give details of an operation reminiscent of the Cold War, when Sweden's armed forces routinely hunted for Soviet submarines in its waters.
During the search operation the armed forces published a photograph showing a partially submerged object in the water from a distance.
Last October, the Swedish military published this photograph of a suspected Russian mini sub
Grenstad told reporters that they wouldn't speculate on the photograph or sightings except to say the region is 'of interest to a foreign power'.
Grenstad said it had no information about any emergency messages suggesting a Russian mini-submarine had run into trouble in Swedish waters and could be damaged.
The Defense Ministry in Moscow said its submarines and ships have been 'fulfilling their tasks in the world's oceans.' according to plan, Russian news agencies reported.
In 1981, a Soviet sub carrying nuclear weapons was stranded off Sweden's southeastern coast, causing an 11-day diplomatic standoff before Swedish authorities allowed the submarine to return home.
The alleged intrusion prompted a massive naval search by the Swedish navy looking to find the sub
The Swedish navy launched several fast-attack craft to try and drive the subs from their territorial waters
With all the furor surrounding the vote recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, questions have started arising about recount central: Florida. Before going into With all the furor surrounding the vote recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, questions have started arising about recount central: Florida. Before going into what would happen if Hillary Clinton won a Florida recount , though, it's necessary to note that a Florida recount happening at all is highly unlikely.
Although Florida was the site of the now-infamous recount in 2000 that was part of the process that ended up handing the election to George W. Bush, the situation is different this year. According to Florida law, the Although Florida was the site of the now-infamous recount in 2000 that was part of the process that ended up handing the election to George W. Bush, the situation is different this year. According to Florida law, the election results must be within 0.5 percent to trigger a recount, and the Florida secretary of state must call for it. A candidate themselves cannot ask for a recount, although they could write in to request that one not be held.
As it stands right now, As it stands right now, Donald Trump won Florida by 1.3 percent — so barring something extremely unpredictable (which, of course, I can't rule out in this election cycle), there will be no Florida recount to speculate about.
Source: Andy Manis/Getty Images News/Getty Images
In an alternate universe where something insane happened to spark a Florida recount and Clinton won it, that still wouldn't be enough to give them a victory. Florida has 29 electoral votes, and In an alternate universe where something insane happened to spark a Florida recount and Clinton won it, that still wouldn't be enough to give them a victory. Florida has 29 electoral votes, and Clinton would need 38 votes total to get them to 270. So, a victory in Florida could potentially help them if, for example, the recount in Wisconsin gave them that state's 10 electoral votes, but they didn't see the same success in Pennsylvania or Michigan. A combination of a win in Florida and in any one of those other three states would give Clinton victory in the electoral vote, but the situation is so improbable that it's hardly even worth considering.
Wellington Silva is finally available for selection at Arsenal.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Wellington Silva over a new deal at Emirates Stadium, sources have told ESPN FC.
Wellington has yet to make their debut for Arsenal since joining the club from Fluminese in 2011.
The 22-year-old has been forced to spend loan spells away from the Gunners after not being not granted a work permit.
The winger has had five loans with stints at Levante, Alcoyano, Ponferradina, Murica and Almeria.
However, Wellington was given the green light to begin their Arsenal career after being granted a work permit in April having been given Spanish citizenship.
The South American is highly rated by Arsene Wenger and the Arsenal boss is keen to tie them down to a new long-term deal now they are finally able to play in England.
Wellington has just a year to run on their current contract and Arsenal are hopeful of securing the attacker on a new deal this summer.
Wenger will make a decision on whether or not to keep Wellington in their first-team plans for next season during preseason -- they could opt to loan out the Brazilian to an English club so that they can play regularly and adapt to football in the country next term.
The United States is reportedly under attack by the Chinese government. America's business secrets, critical infrastructure and wealth are the targets.
But many businesses are taking a lackadaisical approach to cybersecurity. Multiple industry studies have shown that the vast majority of companies don't begin following cybersecurity best practices until after they've been hit.
The latest and most telling example came Tuesday. According to a new report from information security company Mandiant, the Chinese military is linked to one of the most prolific hacking groups in the world.
That group, known as the "Comment Crew," has attacked Coca-Cola (KO), EMC (EMC) security division RSA, military contractor Lockheed Martin (LMT), and hundreds of others. It reportedly holds the blueprints to America's energy systems, and has funneled trade secrets out of some of the country's largest corporations.
The implications of China's presence in Corporate America's networks are vast, from matters of economic competitiveness to international diplomacy.
China has strong ties with its businesses, and any information gathered from U.S. corporations could wind up in the hands of a Chinese rival. Imagine Apple's rumored iWatch being produced first by a competitor that stole Apple's plans. Not only would Apple (AAPL) lose an edge in the market, but the theft could impact the vast ecosystem of third-party software developers and accessory makers.
"It is fundamentally important that the American private sector wake up to the fact that dozens of countries -- including China -- are robbing us blind." said Tom Kellermann, head of cybersecurity at Trend Micro (TMICY) and former commissioner of President Obama's cybersecurity council.
Kellerman estimates that the cost of trade secrets being stolen online is in the hundreds of billions of dollars annually.
Related story: Your antivirus software probably won't prevent a cyberattack
U.S. jobs are also at stake.
"This is not some 15-year old trying to hack your database to see if they can," said Andy Serwin, adviser to the Naval Post Graduate School's Center for Asymmetric Warfare and chair of the information security practice at Foley & Lardner. "This is a large-scale organized effort to steal your company's most valuable information."
The Chinese government has long been believed to be behind a widespread cyberespionage scheme, but Mandiant's report is the first to clearly explain the link.
"It is time to acknowledge the threat is originating from China," said Dan McWhorter, Mandiant's managing director of threat Intelligence. "Without establishing a solid connection to China, there will always be room for observers to dismiss advanced persistent threat actions as uncoordinated, solely criminal in nature, or peripheral to larger national security and global economic concerns."
Cyber Cold War has clearly begun. Fears about a crippling attack by China on the nation's power grid or other critical infrastructure are also a legitimate worry. That's because 85% of such infrastructure -- including electric and water utilities -- is controlled by private industry.
"Knowing China could turn off our lights has vast diplomatic implications," said Dave Aitel, CEO of security consultancy Immunity.
And while there haven't been any successful breaches of critical infrastructure command and control centers yet, there is strong evidence that a cybercriminal could strike if they wanted to. Last year, Comment Crew broke into the network of smart grid control systems maker Telvent. In that attack, Comment Crew gained access to blueprints for 60% of North and South America's oil and gas pipelines.
That's likely part of the reason why the Obama administration, which signed an executive order last week that promotes sharing information about cyberattacks between the government and critical infrastructure companies, has been reluctant to call out China on its own. In their State of the Union address, the president simply said that the U.S. knows "foreign countries and companies swipe our corporate secrets."
In response to the Mandiant report on Tuesday, an administration spokesperson said the White House continues to work with the Chinese government to stop the flow of these attacks.
But experts say something bigger needs to be done. An increasing number of businesses are looking to Congress to pass legislation that would set minimum cybersecurity standards for businesses to follow. Industry experts say that if Mandiant's report truly serves as a wake-up call, hopefully such a bill will ultimately get passed.
"Every time a big report comes out, it builds awareness ... and it gives us a chance to saber rattle and blame someone else. But we still don't pass cybersecurity legislation," said Art Coviello, CEO of RSA. "There are a lot of really good proposals on the table. Are we going to have rule of law prevail or not?"
Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold, whom President Donald Trump called a “nasty guy” for doggedly investigating their dubious charity foundation claims, won the Pulitzer Prize on Monday for national reporting.
Fahrenthold not only pored over documents and called hundreds of organizations while reporting on the president's charitable foundation during the 2016 campaign, but they brought readers real-time social media updates and turned to them for additional tips. In October, Fahrenthold also broke the news that Trump boasted about groping women in an unearthed “Access Hollywood” outtake.
It's the third year in a row that The Post has won the national reporting category, following awards for its coverage of police shootings and Secret Service security lapses.
The New York Times took home the most awards, winning prizes for its reporting on Russian President Vladimir Putin's efforts to extend power abroad (international) and C.J. Chivers' profile of a Marine veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder (feature writing). Daniel Berehulak, a freelance photographer, won the breaking news photography prize for their coverage in the Times of the Philippines government's brutal anti-drug crackdown.
The New York Daily News and nonprofit investigative journalism organization ProPublica won the public service award for reporting on eviction rules in New York City that disproportionately affected minority residents. The Pulitzer Board specifically highlighted the work of reporter Sarah Ryley, who recently left the Daily News for The Trace.
The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, McClatchy and The Miami Herald won the explanatory award for reporting on the “Panama Papers,” a collaborative reporting effort that included over 100 media outlets around the world. More than 300 journalists investigated a massive leak of documents from a Panama-based law firm and revealed how major corporations and global leaders us this tax haven to hide their money.
Full winners below.
JOURNALISM
Public Service: New York Daily News and ProPublica
Breaking News Reporting: Staff of the East Bay Times
Investigative Reporting: Eric Eyre of the Charleston Gazette-Mail
Explanatory Reporting: International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, McClatchy and the Miami Herald
Local Reporting: The Salt Lake Tribune Staff
National Reporting: David Fahrenthold of The Washington Post
International Reporting: Staff of The New York Times
Feature Writing: C.J. Chivers of The New York Times
Commentary: Peggy Noonan of The Wall Street Journal
Criticism: Hilton Als of The New Yorker
Editorial Writing: Art Cullen of The Storm Lake Times, Storm Lake, Iowa
Editorial Cartooning: Jim Morin of Miami Herald
Breaking News Photography: Daniel Berehulak, freelance photographer, for work in The New York Times
Feature Photography: E. Jason Wambsgans of Chicago Tribune
LETTERS AND DRAMA
Fiction: The Underground Railroad, by Colson Whitehead
Drama: Sweat, by Lynn Nottage
History: Blood in the Water: The Attica Prison Uprising of 1971 and Its Legacy, by Heather Ann Thompson
Biography: The Return: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between, by Hisham Matar
Poetry: Olio, by Tyehimba Jess (Wave Books)
General Nonfiction: Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City, by Matthew Desmond (Crown)
Music: Angel's Bone, by Du Yun
Amicalola Arches
Today was my first day and I made it to three forks by 6:00 PM. I'm already cleaned up and ready for bed. I could have easily kept going, but I don't want to get injured by pushing too hard. I have to ease into it. it is extrememly hot (mid to high 80's) and the bugs are very bad. My driver, Gil, was a really cool guy and everything with them worked out. I got to Amicalola at 11:30 AM and started on the approach trail at noon. The approach trail was a royal pain. Surprisingly tough. I took lots of pics at Springer and am I looking forward to my day tomorrow. Hopefully it cools down a bit. Write again then,
-john (oh and I am not including the 8.8 approach trail miles in my total mileages for the day)
Of relevance to the ongoing currency war, first published in November 2017
One quote that always crosses my mind regarding the decline of the U.S. dollar and the state of geopolitics associated with it, is by Gerald Celente, founder of the Trends Research Institute who said that “When all else fails, they take you to war.”
As the U.S. dollar continues to lose its status as the world's premiere reserve currency, the reality of a world war seems inevitable, especially when major countries such as China, Russia and Iran are making strategic moves to bypass the U.S. dollar in favor of other currencies such as China's ‘Petro-Yuan'. China has made the decision to price oil in their own currency the “Yuan” by a new gold-backed futures contract which will change the dynamics of the world's economy. China is preparing to launch the petro-Yuan later this year that will eventually threaten the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency.
At the end of World War II, the international economic system was in shambles, so a plan was devised to create a new economic system. By July 1944, more than 730 delegates arrived at the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference in Bretton Woods, New Hamphire and signed on to the historic Bretton Woods agreements which was a plan to set up a system of rules, regulations that eventually led to the creation of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The IMF's main purpose was to prevent any temporary imbalances of payments. The framework of the Bretton Woods agreements was to control the value of money between various countries. Each country had to have an established monetary policy that kept the exchange rate of its own currency within a fixed value in terms of gold. By 1971, the U.S. terminated the convertibility of the U.S. dollar to gold (at the time, the fixed rate of gold was at $35 an ounce) ending the Bretton Woods system allowing the U.S. dollar to become a fiat currency which has allowed central banks (especially the Federal Reserve bank) to “print money out of thin air.”
China's move will have consequences. For starters, it will certainly undermine Washington's ability to impose economic sanctions on any nation at will and at the same time, will slowly diminish the purchasing power for U.S. consumers as imports become more expensive.
China (the largest holder of U.S. debt) is the largest importer of oil, while Russia, one of the largest exporters of oil in the world have agreed to use the petro-Yuan to bypass the petro-dollar. The petro-Yuan threatens the U.S. dollar's hegemony around the globe as several nations have recently demonstrated as they all share an interest in joining the transition from the U.S. dollar to the Yuan for oil transactions including Washington's arch enemies Iran, Venezuela and even Indonesia (currently not on Washington's hit list).
The mainstream-media has been reporting on the latest developments concerning China's plan to bypass the dollar and introduce the petro-Yuan to the international community in an article by CNBC titled ‘China has grand ambitions to dethrone the dollar. It may make a powerful move this year':
China is looking to make a major move against the dollar's global dominance, and it may come as early as this year. The new strategy is to enlist the energy markets' help: Beijing may introduce a new way to price oil in coming months — but unlike the contracts based on the U.S. dollar that currently dominate global markets, this benchmark would use China's own currency. If there's widespread adoption, as the Chinese hope, then that will mark a step toward challenging the greenback's status as the world's most powerful currency. China is the world's top oil importer, and so Beijing sees it as only logical that its own currency should price the global economy's most important commodity. But beyond that, moving away from the dollar is a strategic priority for countries like China and Russia. Both aim to ultimately reduce their dependency on the greenback, limiting their exposure to U.S. currency risk and the politics of American sanctions regimes
Washington is on a collision course for another war with North Korea with U.S. President Donald Trump leading the charge. With the power of the U.S. dollar on life support, the U.S. empire of debt continues to use the threat of war and in some cases, wage actual wars around the world namely Iran, Syria and Venezuela which have been on Washington's hit list for some time. Iran and Russia are already slowly transitioning away from the U.S. dollar to avoid any future economic sanctions imposed by Washington. Venezuela is also ready and willing to make its move against the U.S. dollar. Reuters did report on the decision made by the Maduro government to implement a new system of international payments for its oil exports. The report headlined with ‘Venezuela's Maduro says will shun U.S. dollar in favor of yuan, others' quoted what Maduro had said during a session of the National Constituent Assembly at Palacio Federal Legislativo in Caracas, Venezuela:
“Venezuela is going to implement a new system of international payments and will create a basket of currencies to free us from the dollar,” Maduro said in an hours-long address to a new legislative superbody, without providing details of the new mechanism. “If they pursue us with the dollar, we'll use the Russian ruble, the yuan, yen, the Indian rupee, the euro,” Maduro said
Another recent article published by CNBC ‘China will ‘compel' Saudi Arabia to trade oil in Yuan — and that's going to affect the US dollar' interviewed Carl Weinberg a chief economist and a managing director at High Frequency Economics about how the US dollar will lose its global dominance in the near future once Saudi Arabia will be forced to use the petro-Yuan since China is the world's top importer of oil:
Carl Weinberg, chief economist and managing director, said Beijing stands to become the most dominant global player in oil demand since China usurped the U.S. as the “biggest oil importer on the planet.” Saudi Arabia has “to pay attention to this because even as much as one or two years from now, Chinese demand will dwarf U.S. demand,” Weinberg said. “I believe that yuan pricing of oil is coming and as soon as the Saudis move to accept it — as the Chinese will compel them to do — then the rest of the oil market will move along with them”
The U.S. dollar is slowly losing its' status as the world's reserve currency, so is a war with China a possibility? Would the U.S. attack North Korea as a stern warning to China or would it bring China into the conflict in an attempt to save the U.S. dollar? Saddam Hussein wanted to trade in Euro's instead of the U.S. dollar for Iraq's oil exports and Libya's Muammar Gaddafi wanted the Gold Dinar to dethrone the U.S. dollar in the continent of Africa. The decisions made by both Iraq and Libya had consequences that led to their destruction by U.S. and NATO forces. Can the U.S. do the same to China? I highly doubt it since China has a formidable military that can defend itself against any U.S. attack. China is certainly not Iraq nor Libya. So will there be a war against China in the long term? With the U.S. steadily collapsing at a slow pace, Washington would do anything to survive. The U.S. dollar supports the Military-Industrial Complex and its destructive and very expensive adventures around the world.
The launch of the petro-Yuan will accelerate the process in what we can call De-Dollarization. However, there are some people in the mainstream-media that are not convinced that the petro-Yuan will overthrow the U.S. dollar anytime soon, for instance, David Fickling from Bloomberg News recently wrote ‘The Petroyuans time hasn't come' said:
Look, for instance, at the most-traded product on the Dalian Commodity Exchange in China, iron ore. While mainland commodity markets have seen febrile activity in recent years, bid-ask spreads are still several times higher than those on major contracts traded in London and New York. That makes trading more costly, volatility higher, and price discovery weaker — and as a major consumer of crude, Beijing ought to be opposed to that sort of change. There are the producers to consider, too. Most of the Middle East's oil exporters have currencies that are pegged to the greenback. Switching to yuan pricing would introduce foreign-exchange risk to their budgets for little obvious gain, especially as China generally consumes less than 20 percent of their exports. That doesn't mean the planned contract is useless. China will benefit from having a benchmark that's more appropriate for its own purposes — particularly one that reflects the medium sour grades of crude that are chiefly consumed by local refineries, as opposed to the sweet, light varieties that underpin the main Western contracts. Just don't expect it to change the world. While the economic center of gravity has been moving east, oil's connections to West Texas and the North Sea will remain strong for years to come
James Rickards, the author of ‘Currency Wars: The Making of the Next Global Crisis' will most likely disagree with Fickling's analysis:
Printing dollars at home means higher inflation in China, higher food prices in Egypt and stock bubbles in Brazil. Printing money means that U.S. debt is devalued so foreign creditors get paid back in cheaper dollars. The devaluation means higher unemployment in developing economies as their exports become more expensive for Americans. The resulting inflation also means higher prices for inputs needed in developing economies like copper, corn, oil and wheat. Foreign countries have begun to fight back against U.S.-caused inflation through subsidies, tariffs and capital controls; the currency war is expanding fast
The U.S. dollar is failing because of Washington's economic and foreign policies and its collusion with the Wall Street banking cartels, multi-national corporations and the Military-Industrial Complex. Max Keiser of The Keiser Report was interviewed on RT News and explained why the world is seeking to move away from the U.S. dollar:
Countries worldwide are tired of funding the America's “military adventurism by being a party to the ‘Empire of Debt,' as it's known around the world – the US dollar,” and therefore, will likely join the de-dollarization movement, Keiser said. The US financial sector and its military-industrial complex are unlikely to give up the dollar hegemony without a fight, though, as the dollar is both the basis and the main product of America. And the US will use its other favorite tool for it – war, Keiser believes. “Maybe they will start a war between Japan and China, and maybe they will start a war with North Korea. America will do anything to keep the US dollar as the world's reserve currency,” Keiser said. “They will invade the countries, like Afghanistan, they will stop at nothing. Because this is the basis of the US empire. It's not land-based, it's not based on material goods, it's based on rent-seeking. It's based on landing dollars, getting out income and when countries can't pay they dismantle the assets and take them over. We saw it in Latin America, South America, this is how America built its empire”
Whether you agree or not, a currency war has begun and we are all going to be paying close attention in the coming months and years ahead to see how far Washington will go to maintain the supremacy of the U.S. dollar. So as China is getting ready to launch the petro-Yuan, is the U.S. willing to launch a war against North Korea?
This article was originally published by Silent Crow News.
New Zealand born Aussie Andrew Dominik seems remarkably in tune with an America now, and then.
The then, 2007's The Assassination of Jesse James… (For short, ten word titles take an age to write) won critical acclaim but little audience take up at the time in its study of infamy and America's first celebrity. An apparent growing audience love of the film and the now wider seen Killing Them Softly may serve to showcase the exceptional talents of a premier director.
To see Dominik at their best when given time and space, watch their first collaboration with Brad Pitt; here playing hitman Jackie Cogan, a vital part of the underworld economic system of low level crime poker games. When Ray Liotta's game gets hit by Scoot McNairy and Ben Mendolsohn the flow of cash stops, games shut down and criminals just like everyman on the street, struggle in harsh times.
Dominik's America now, a commentary on the effects of the economic downturn seem too contrived though here against the backdrop of the unfolding Presidential race of 2008; every TV and car radio provides coverage and their grander study seems somewhat appended when paralleling the collapse of the local crime economy with the oncoming economic storm.
Pitt once more gives a nifty performance, a lethal killer enforcing the order of the criminal system; totally pragmatic and unapologetic for their opportunistic function within this version of the corporate machine and comical when exasperated with the folly of a haphazard crew of crooks when in meets with Richards Jenkins' mob accountant.
McNairy's main lowlife Frankie is authentic but once more the ever brilliant Mendolsohn continues with their exceptional run of form (The Place Beyond the Pines, The Dark Knight Rises, Animal Kingdom); surely one the premier character actors right now, here allowed to remain in their native Aussie tongue as the slack-jawed druggy Russell.
Liotta's pitiful showing as game owner Markie strikes somewhat as a departure since their recently intimidating show in The Place Beyond the Pines; here a pathetic middle man in the crime hierarchy.
The much seen James Gandolfini appears too as Pitt's would be partnered for the clean up task in hand, struggling with the demands of contract killing.  They are exceptional once more.
Dominik once more gets to show outstanding directorial flair, capturing bleak urban vistas that at times feel as barren as Jesse James' frontier prairies and when killing them leisurely in a dynamic slow motion execution, undoubted technical skill. But here it feels somewhat grandiose and even more so in a drug fuelled first-person exchange between McNairy and Mendolhson's airheads that labours to make its point.
Jesse James' mammoth cinematic runtime was still far less than Dominik's intended contemplative distance for their masterpiece and here with a relatively short runtime the director seems to struggle to balance their methodical style while covering all bases; many lengthy scenes feel unwieldy when they are seemingly not afforded the luxury of time.
Dominik's grander political point could have been made with more subtly too rather than the telegraphed statements and satirising background TV screens, but within a prescriptive framework their scrutinising lens presents a realistic and gritty underbelly of criminality.
Whether it's all effective in feeling relevant to the wider events of 2008 is debatable, but as a curious polar cousin to Margin Call's top-down view on the meltdown it's a compelling and brutal bottom dwelling take on how crime somehow always pays; Pitt's final damning assessment of America on election night is an unswerving quip that's more economical than Dominik's ruthless and stylish lamentation which while impressive, largely struggles to make its political musings relevant.
Advertisements
It has been a meteoric rise from minding phone boxes for loose change in their native Ivory Coast to establishing themselves as the defensive bedrock of a Manchester United side with serious designs on the Premier League title but Eric Bailly cannot understand the fuss when asked to reflect on a life less ordinary.
Bailly had not long entered their teenage years when they ended their studies to become the manager of a telephone box in Abidjan, the economic capital of the Ivory Coast. Each day, they would empty out the change, earning a pittance in the process, before going for trials with other hopefuls as they pursued their dream of becoming a professional footballer.
“In Africa, there are people that live in much more difficult situations but, yes, as a child I started working,” Bailly recalled.
“I've had luck with my father's help but I also had to work. I had a program after training in the afternoon in which I would go in front of my house to do various things and the phone boxes was something I did to earn some money and to resolve some of my issues. I cannot always rely on my parents. They've always tried to help me, but I had to do something to be able to get what I wanted.”
Europe, no sex change without sterilization
by Claudia Moschi - 2013.01.22
In the very civil EU, compulsory transgender sterilization is still wide-spread today. It is a practice that some States impose on individuals who decide to change sex, obliging them to undergo surgery that prevents them from procreating.
And, surprise of the surprise, it's the countries most active in the protection of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexuals, and transgender) rights that keep in force these laws. In particular Belgium, Finland, France, Norway and the Netherlands. Without considering that Germany and Spain put an end to this hateful practice only a few years ago. A decision that Sweden – although being the first country that has recognized transexualism, allowing sex change surgery to be financed by public money – made only last week.
What about Italy? It was in 1982 that the Italian Transgender Movement of the Radical party succeeded to introduce the law 164, which allowed sex change – with respective updating of personal data. And it went beyond: according to Arcigay, people who have legally concluded their gender transition can get married and adopt.
But the European ‘pink jersey' for transgender rights protection goes to the United Kingdom, where legal procedures for gender recognition take place in the absence of genital surgery obligatory since 2004 already.
Ireland and Lithuania, which prohibit sex change tout court - bring up the rear. A clear sign that the Old Continent has much to learn on this theme.
Dumb Laws in Indiana
Waitresses may not carry drinks into a restaurant or bar.
Hotel sheets must be exactly 99 inches long and 81 inches wide.
If any person has a puppet show, wire dancing or tumbling act in the state of Indiana and receives money for it, they will be fined $3 under the Act to Prevent Certain Immoral Practices.
Anyone 14 or older who profanely curses, damns or swears by the name of God, Jesus Christ or the Holy Ghost, shall be fined one to three dollars for each offense, with a maximum fine of ten dollars per day.
A three dollar fine per pack will be imposed on anyone playing cards in Indiana under the Act for the Prevention of Gaming.
The value of Pi is 3.
It is illegal for a man to be sexually aroused in public.
State government officials who engage in private duels can be dismissed from their post.
A person must get a referral from a licensed physician if they or they wish to see a hypnotist unless the desired procedure is to quit smoking or lose weight.
Smoking in the state legislature building is banned, except when the legislature is in session.
All males 18 to 50 years old must work six days a year on public roads.
Baths may not be taken between the months of October and March.
Check forgery can be punished with public flogging up to 100 stripes.
Mustaches are illegal if the bearer has a tendency to habitually kiss other humans.
It is illegal to sell cars on Sunday.
Pedestrians crossing the highway at night are prohibited from wearing tail lights.
Oral sex is illegal.
No one may catch a fish with their bare hands.
A man over the age of 18 may be arrested for statutory rape if the passenger in their car is not wearing their socks and shoes, and is under the age of 17.
Men are prohibited from standing in a bar.
City Laws in Indiana
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism, politics, and pop culture. Come for the politics, stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S. and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits.
Updated: One of the people criticized in this piece has already thrown a fit and accused me of suggesting they support woman-killing. Now anyone with basic reading comprehension skills would see that I not only did not say that I believe any of these folks approve of woman-killing, but I explicitly labeled woman-killing as “something so bad that conservatives can't get behind it”, right there in the first paragraph. The point of the piece is that they are afraid that woman-killing, which is a bad thing (they agree), might negatively impact the reputation of misogyny. I find this kind of comical, because I came to this with the pre-existing belief that misogyny is pretty bad, and am startled to see anyone trying to protect its good name from suggestions that it's associated with murder. By the way, 1.3 million women are violently assaulted by men every year in this country for not doing or being what those men want them to be, so Rodger's misogynist violence really is just the most extreme example of what relentlessly teaching young men that women exist to serve them gets you in terms of violence.
I'll add that to be super duper clear, I am deeply offended that Warner Todd Huston tried to divert attention away from male entitlement towards the issue of young people having consensual sex. While they did try to sound gender-neutral about it, everyone with two brain cells they can rub together knows that women are considered the “guilty” parties to anyone who believes sex is inherently naughty. Elliot Rodger was furious at all the couples having consensual sex, and aimed most of their rage at the women for “giving” it to the men. Subsequently, I can't help but think it's a form of victim-blaming to scold young people for having sex in the aftermath, which implies they somehow brought this on themselves by having interpersonal relationships that didn't actually involve Rodger or any other asshole, including Warner Todd Huston, who apparently believes that young people are having sex at them.
***********
When some bigot does something so bad that conservatives can't get behind it—whether it's go on a misogyny-inspired killing spree or said something so inarguably racist that it can't be hand waved away (see: Donald Sterling)—I'm always curious how they're going to distance themselves. There are three basic reactions: 1) Utter silence, which is usually the smartest move but also the hardest to pull off for many a bullshit artist 2) Writing off the bad person as a “true” example of a loathed bigotry while maintaining they aren't bigots themselves, no sirree or 3) Or play the victim while doubling down on your bigotry. This is invariably a stupid move, since it, at best, makes you look insensitive and, at worst, makes it sound like you're not actually distancing yourself.
Elliot Rodger's manifesto was so misogynist that it really did rival even the ugliest, most entitled whining of MRAs, PUAs, and anti-PUAs on the internet, which is saying a lot. The man actually suggested that women be killed off, with a few left in concentration camps for breeding purposes. Even if they hadn't killed anyone, throwing their ideas under the bus with speed should be a no-brainer. The smart move would have absolutely been for conservatives to pull faces and say, “Wow, that's what real misogyny looks like,” and to exploit this horror show from here until the end of the time as cover for lesser forms of misogyny.
Instead, for some reason, I'm seeing another response coalesce. I call it the “How dare you besmirch the good name of misogyny?!” gambit. The idea is to deny and deny and deny that Rodger was motivated by misogyny. Which is weird. Since 95-99% of misogynists deny they are misogynists, what's it to them to admit that they were motivated by misogyny? The only reason I can think to deny he's a misogynist is that you secretly know damn well you are a misogynist, and you want to deny that your misogynist ideology played any role in the killings.
Some variations I've spotted:
Rich Lowry: “Even without any of that background, it is obvious that Rodger's final YouTube video and their 140-page manifesto promising to exact vengeance upon the women who spurned them are the ravings of a deranged person; as such, it is the derangement itself, not the content of the ravings, that is most important.” Translation: Misogyny is clearly blameless here, and the fact that it showed up in Rodger's rantings should be regarded as utterly irrelevant.
Warner Todd Huston: “You see, college is not ‘the time when everyone experiences those things such as sex and fun and pleasure.' College is the time to learn, to study, and to prepare yourself for your life as an adult.” Not only is misogyny blameless, in Huston's eyes, but it kind of seems that he's proposing more sex-phobia—which inevitably translates into misogyny—as a solution. They seem to believe the blame for Rodger's behavior lay not with Rodger's overblown sense of entitlement, but on the shoulders of the kids who dared live their own lives and have fun. Interestingly enough, this is also who Rodger blamed, so much so that they decided to kill them.
Ann Althouse: “Subscribing to channels makes it somewhat likely that Rodger ‘watched' and ‘listened,' but we don't know that they did. To what extent did the language used on those channels correspond to the language in Rodger's rant? And is “Men's Rights Movement” the right umbrella term for the “pickup artist” genre? The goal of lots of sex is different from the goal of getting rights.” Translation: You can't blame misogyny because LOOK A SQUIRREL.
Then there was the sub-genre of the “how dare you besmirch the good name of misogyny” gambit, which I call the “just because that guy killed someone doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with misogyny generally” argument. This card was played in response to women pointing out that Rodger's spree was simply the worst manifestation of a constant drumbeat of male entitlement and anger when it's thwarted, a combination commonly known as “misogyny”.
Katie Pavlich: “This issue is not about women and I think it's kind of insulting for women to go on Twitter and talk about how them getting hit on in the bar is equal to being shot in the street, because it's not.” Translation: Misogyny is utterly blameless and just because this one guy shot someone doesn't mean anything. Misogynists who enjoy making life hard on women, carry on, so long as you make sure to stop short of violence. (By the way, no one talked about merely being hit on in bars. They talked about being harassed, which means being hit on by a man who is not going to take no for an answer.)
Glenn Beck, also in response to women speaking out against all forms of misogyny, even those that don't involve murder: “Nothing like turning a tragic shooting into a chance for some good, old-fashioned man-bashing.” Translation: Okay, I'll grant you that mass murder is wrong, but if you complain about any other misogynist violence—the tweets they quoted mentioned rape, sexual harassment, fear of murder, and fear of stalking—then you need to shut the fuck up. Objecting to rape is “man-bashing”, you see. By the same token, objecting to having someone kick you are nothing more than foot-bashing.
Then there were the people who claimed Rodger couldn't have been misogynist because they killed men. Translation: I may never achieve basic reading comprehension skills, but I know I love misogyny too much to let its good name be tarnished by this awful killing.
Let's be clear: Anyone who accuses you of hating “men” when you are explicitly critiquing misogyny is rather unsubtly arguing that all men are inherently misogynists
Let me restart that: The argument that critiquing misogyny is the equivalent of “man-hating” implicitly argues that all men are inherently misogynists, and that this is an immoveable and, indeed, defining feature of being a “man”. It's a little bit of three card montes to try to shut down any criticism of misogyny, because, clearly, the goal here is to defend misogyny as an ideology. If it weren't, they'd be happy to admit that Rodger was a misogynist. Instead, the instinct here it to protect and shield misogyny from criticism.
It's just weird is all. Whenever some celebrity does something like drop an N-bomb, conservatives immediately scramble to say, “See, I don't use words like that, so clearly I can't be a racist!” You'd think they'd use the same tactic, saying, “See, I don't shoot up a college town, so I can't be a misogynist!” Instead, the strategy appears to be, “He shot up a college town, so they clearly can't be a misogynist, since misogyny is simply too good an ideology to associate with terrible people like that.” Dumb move.
Update, 23 August 23:27 BST: As of this evening, Icelandic experts are reconsidering whether an eruption has begun or not. With no surface changes visible, and no meltwater rushing downriver as of yet, the Icelandic Meteorological Office reports “there are no signs of ongoing volcanic activity”. The aviation alert remains red, “as an imminent eruption cannot be excluded”.
A volcanic eruption has begun near the caldera of Bárðarbunga, the Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) announced on 23 August. Officials have raised the area's aviation colour code to red, signifying that an “eruption is imminent or in progress”.
Halldór Björnsson/Icelandic Meteorological Office
The eruption is taking place beneath 150–400 metres of ice, north and east of the Bárðarbunga caldera. For the past week magma has been rising from the deep and forming a long underground sheet of freshly cooled rock, known as a dyke. The formation of the dyke has been marked by a series of intense earthquakes stretching from Bárðarbunga towards a glacier called Dyngjujökull (see ‘Icelandic volcano shakes ominously').
Scientists from the IMO and the University of Iceland flew over the eruption today and reported no visible signs at the surface. The eruption was probably detected by seismic stations monitoring the region, as the shaking produced when water interacts with magma and turns to steam has a distinctive energy signature. Since the earthquake swarm began on 16 August, Icelandic scientists have been peppering the region with extra seismic and global-positioning instruments to capture just such an event.
Officials have also moved mobile radar observation stations into place around Bárðarbunga, to monitor any plumes if the volcano starts to emit ash. All airports in Iceland remain open, although airspace of approximately 140 by 100 nautical miles (260 by 185 kilometres) has been closed over the eruption site. If the eruption begins to produce ash, the volcanic ash advisory centre responsible for the region may issue an alert. Those alerts can be monitored here.
How the eruption proceeds will depend on how much magma is forcing its way upward and at what rate. The last eruption in Iceland happened in 2011 at the Grímsvötn volcano and was the most powerful in nearly a century. Like this new one, it took place under the Vatnajökull ice cap, and it broke through the ice to spew ash 20 kilometres high. So far, there is no indication that the new eruption will do anything like that, although the interaction of magma and ice is notoriously unpredictable.
Published by Steve Litchfield at 10:59 UTC, July 13th 2017
One of the complaints in my feature on why Windows 10 Mobile is superb for business and not so comprehensive for consumers , was that there was no way to play Amazon (Prime) Video. As it turns out, that's not quite true... In fact, it's perfectly possible, but you have to know the trick. And yes, it's a trick and not at all obvious. Read on...
There's no actual client application for Amazon Video*, of course, Amazon just hasn't the interest to create a UWP application for the service when most people either watch on an iPad - quite often - just watch in a web browser. And if it makes you feel any better, there's no proper client for Android either, in that even there you have to go through a dance of turning off your security in order to install the Amazon Video app, but that's another rant for another web site...
* Amazon Video is the whole system, 'Prime Video' is the section of free content that's available for Prime customers
Part of the trick is to watch Amazon Video in a browser on the phone - that bit won't surprise you, but it's not the whole story. Go to amazon.co.uk (or your local Amazon site) in Microsoft Edge and you'll get nowhere, whatever settings you turn on.
Here then is how to watch (and you have to get the steps in the right order!):
1. Install Monument Browser from the Windows Store. Run it.
2. Go to Amazon.co.uk (or similar)
3. Navigate to the Video section and then to a movie that you've bought or rented or are allowed to watch as a Prime member.
4. Go into Settings and set 'Navigation mode' to 'Desktop'. Nothing (or little) will change on the page render, even you hit the refresh control and even if you rotate to landscape. This is normal.
5. Use 'long press on the back control' to bring up the usual Windows 10 Mobile multitasking carousel.
6. Tap on the 'x' to close Monument Browser.
7. Restart Monument Browser. You'll get a small dialog asking if you want to 'Continue navigation'.
8. Tap on 'OK'. You should now see the full desktop-rendered page, including the 'Watch now' button.
9. Tap on 'Watch now' and playback should start.
10. Rotate the phone, dismiss virtual controls, set browser as 'fullscreen', as needed/appropriate. Note that you can't (as far as I can see) remove the browser address bar, so you'll have to live with that!
It's not an ideal solution, and comments welcome if you can simplify the workflow slightly, but it'll let you watch your Amazon Video movies and programmes on Windows 10 Mobile, at least.
PS. For watching something different, obviously, start from step 3 or thereabouts.
PPS. Also obviously, if you do other browsing in Monument Browser then you may want to toggle navigation mode back to 'Mobile' for other sites.
Add another junior-college All-American to the list of Kansas University football commitments in the Class of 2013.
First-team NJCAA All-American Kevin Short, a cornerback at Fort Scott Community College, joined the party on Friday by orally committing to KU.
Short, 6-foot-2, 185 pounds, chose the Jayhawks over Arkansas, Houston, Louisiana Tech, LSU, Mississippi State and Syracuse.
The three-star prospect becomes the third cornerback — and fourth defensive back — in the 2013 class to commit to Kansas, joining juco standouts Isaiah Johnson, Dexter McDonald and Cassius Sendish.
Safeties coach Clint Bowen was the lead recruiter for Short, who hails from Florissant, Mo., and, this season, became Fort Scott's career leader in interceptions with eight.
“Me and coach Bowen got to be real close,” Short told Jon Kirby of JayhawkSlant.com. “He always called me and stayed in touch. You could tell they cared and they will take care of me.”
Short will graduate from FSCC in May and report to KU this summer.
Short was not the only prospect to make a commitment Friday. The Jayhawks also picked up pledges from two wide receivers. Garden City C.C. wide receiver Rodriguez Coleman, a 6-foot-3, 195-pound three-star prospect who had originally committed to Cincinnati, gave the nod to Kansas, and Friday night, JayhawkSlant.com reported that Holmdel, N.J., high school wide receiver Ishmael Hyman, a 6-foot, 169-pound three-star prospect, had chosen KU.
Coleman, according to JayhawkSlant.com, had planned to make their way to Cincinnati after their two-year juco stint, which began at Fort Scott. However, a few weeks ago, Coleman reopened their recruitment and schools like KU, K-State and others started to call.
Bowen also was the lead recruiter for Coleman, who canceled a weekend visit to Kansas State and, despite recent interest from new Tennessee coach Butch Jones, formerly at Cincinnati, seems solid with the Jayhawks.
“Coach Bowen did an awesome job recruiting me,” Coleman told Kirby. “He came in and got to know me well. I felt like they got to know me on a personal level and not just about football.”
Wide receivers coach Rob Ianello was the lead recruiter for Hyman and the prep standout told Kirby that the recent flurry of commitments to KU inspired them to finalize their own. Hyman was also considering Old Dominion and Purdue and said they plan to sign with Kansas in February and report to campus next summer.
Friday's three additions bring the number of oral commitments in KU's current class to 22 — 15 juco prospects and seven high school athletes.
Of those junior-college players, three — Coleman and Short, along with four-star defensive tackle Marquel Combs, who tapped KU earlier this week — began their college careers together at Fort Scott. The upcoming reunion was not lost on Combs, the leader of KU's #DreamTeam2013 Twitter movement, who hit the social media site on Friday to celebrate the news.
“I got both of my dawgs with me at KU,” wrote Combs, referencing Short and Coleman. “Just like (the) Fort Scott days!”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage mother used a cigarette lighter to burn the wrists of their “utterly helpless” 11-month-old baby son.
A court heard how the little boy would have been left in “excruciating” pain by their 19-year-old mother holding the “extremely hot” lighter to their wrists.
The mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, avoided an immediate jail term after being convicted of cruelty to a child aged under 16 following a trial.
The woman, from Cardiff , denied the offence and claimed someone else must have sneaked in to the child's room and caused the injuries – something a judge branded implausible.
Cardiff Crown Court was told the mother – who no longer has custody of the child – had a history of self-harming in a bid to alleviate their own unhappiness.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Judge Niclas Parry, who imposed a 12-month sentence of youth custody suspended for 18 months with a rehabilitation requirement and 200 hours of unpaid work, told the defendant: “This was a shocking case.
“For no apparent reason you applied an extremely hot, circular object to the inside of both of your little boy's wrists.
“He was 11 months old, utterly helpless and utterly dependent upon you.”
Judge Parry said the evidence they had heard was that the infant's hands would have been held very firmly before the burns were applied to have caused such defined circular marks.
“It is equally clear from the evidence that the pain would have been nothing short of excruciating,” they said, adding it was “frankly impossible that they had been caused by anyone other than you”.
“He would have been screaming,” Judge Parry said.
“You should have pleaded guilty. You had a trial and to this day you continue to deny your responsibility.”
The court heard the little boy has made a full recovery from their injuries.
Last week, the Chronicle reported that both sides of the Proposition 1 debate were accusing the other of being bought out ("Prop 1 Campaign Switches Into High Gear," April 8). But now that campaign finance reports from Jan. 1 to March 28 have been released, it'll be much harder for the pro-Prop 1 crowd to accuse their opponents of buying support, given the enormous difference in funding between the two sides.
Ridesharing Works for Austin, the pro-Prop 1 PAC, raised over $2.1 million total, with $788,750 in cash and $1.38 million in in-kind contributions. Notably, RWA did not receive a single donation other than corporate donations from Uber (which contributed $387,750 in cash and around $905,000 in in-kind contributions) and Lyft ($401,000 in cash and almost $475,000 in in-kind contributions). The report says that RWA has spent over $780,000 so far. And there are still a few weeks before the May 7 election – giving the TNCs time to pour even more money into the campaign. (The Chronicle received four payments of $1,845 each from RWA for political print advertisements.)
On the other side, the main anti-Prop 1 PAC, Our City, Our Safety, Our Choice, raised a little over $12,000. That came from 51 donations, averaging $241 per donation. (Disclosure: Susan Moffat, wife of Chronicle co-publisher Nick Barbaro, contributed $500 to the PAC.) Consultants David Butts and Dean Rindy also provided Our City with $8,560 in loans. So far, the PAC has spent less than $15,000. Butts told the Austin American-Statesman that they hope to raise $100,000 by May 7 – which, even if achieved, would be less than 5% of what RWA has already spent. (The Chronicle received three payments, one for $1,546.75 and two for $2,121.75, from Our City, Our Safety, Our Choice for advertisements.)
With the attacks coming from all sides and with the money, well, only really coming from one side, there's still a lot of confusion surrounding Prop 1. RWA seems to be taking advantage of the confusion, pushing for their framing of the debate to become the main version. One commercial released by RWA, "Safety We Can Count On," has especially been criticized for being misleading. While most of the one-minute ad is accurate, it ends with the narrator saying, "On May 7, vote for Prop 1 to require Uber and Lyft to keep doing criminal background checks." If Prop 1 fails, and the TNCs choose to stay (they claim they won't), there would still be background checks, including fingerprinting, so the ad is blatantly confusing, if not flat-out deceptive. However, Travis Considine of RWA told the Chronicle that "the ad is accurate," since "a vote for Prop 1 keeps things the way they are today," with Uber and Lyft currently conducting their own background checks through a third party. If Prop 1 fails, Considine argued, the city would take over the background checks for TNC drivers (and no longer requiring "Uber and Lyft to keep doing criminal background checks" of their own) so the ad is not misleading or inaccurate. [Ed. note: City officials say it is "flat out not true" that the city will take over background checks; those are and would remain the responsibility of the TNC or an agreed-upon third party. See an update in the April 22 issue.]
Additionally, RWA and its campaigners have been framing the debate as a question of whether or not voters want to "save" Uber and Lyft from being "kicked out" of the city. For example, on April 7, RWA was registering voters for the May 7 election, asking students if they "want to help save Uber and Lyft," according to KUT's Audrey McGlinchy. Once they identified themselves as media, McGlinchy tweeted, the "student signing others up to vote was told to change their pitch to 'Want to register to vote?'" In my own experience, RWA workers in West Campus have also – misleadingly – framed the vote as a way to prevent the city from forcing Uber and Lyft out of Austin.
Uber and Lyft have been dogged in their efforts regarding Austin's Prop 1 and their involvement with RWA. RWA ads in support of Prop 1 have been sent directly to Lyft users, and also show up on Uber's email receipts and when you open the Uber app.
However, some Austinites question the link between the TNCs and RWA – especially regarding the recent discounts being offered by both Lyft and Uber. For months now, both Uber and Lyft have constantly offered discounts to users, especially college students, such as Lyft's 30% off up to six rides for students and Uber's 50% off for students using UberPOOL, which pairs up customers going in similar directions for a lower fare. The Uber email receipts from these discounted rides, as with all Uber email receipts for Austin users (discounted or not), include the RWA ad.
For critics, the TNCs are "trying to influence the outcome of the election through your pricing," as Buck Wood told the States­man. But Uber says that similar discounts (in general as well as specifically for POOL) are being offered around the country, in an attempt "to incentivize riders to try out new products."
Jakarta protests: Hardline Islamists call for city's governor to be arrested over Koran comments
Updated
A protest in Jakarta has turned violent with hardline Muslims attacking police and media crews and setting cars on fire.
Key points: Protesters were demanding Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama's arrest, for comments made about the Koran
Scene turned violent with crowd burning police cars, trying to break through police lines
Police spokesperson says one person died, 12 were hurt
Led mainly by the group known as Islamic Defenders Front, tens of thousands of protesters came out onto the streets of Jakarta to demand the arrest of Christian Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, also known as Ahok, for comments they made about the Koran.
At its peak police said there were 150,000 protesters, but the group leading the violence was smaller than that.
A police spokesperson said one person died and 12 were hurt.
Many of the protesters had dispersed after a day of largely peaceful protests outside the Presidential Palace.
But those who remained turned violent, clashing with police, setting vehicles alight, and attacking a local television crew while they were on air.
Police were forced to deploy tear gas to disperse the protesters, with local television footage showing a fire breaking out.
A spokesperson for the national police, Rikwanto, told the ABC the group had begun provoking police in the afternoon and became violent about 8:00pm (local time).
Protesters had been trying to break through the police line. Helicopters hovered in the air and more police and soldiers were brought in.
About 20,000 officers and soldiers were dispersed onto the streets to protect 26 sites across the city.
Muslim groups have accused Mr Purnama, who is seeking election at a local poll in February, of blasphemy after they said their opponents had deceived voters by attacking them using a verse from the scripture.
During the protests, some began throwing rocks and bottles at riot police while others chanted that the Governor should be killed.
Into the evening, protesters were also shown by local media in north Jakarta, near to Mr Purnama's residence. At times police were seen struggling to control the violent crowd.
Security was tightened in Jakarta — a sprawling city of 10 million — ahead of the protests, and police deployed armoured vehicles and armed personnel in the area.
Military helicopters also hovered in the skies above, with fears extremists in the group could turn violent.
Earlier, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and their Vice President called for peace as tensions rose ahead of the demonstration.
Australians were warned by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) to stay away from the rally, with reports extreme elements of the crowd could use the opportunity to incite violence.
"We advise you to exercise a high degree of caution in Indonesia, including Bali," it said.
The travel advisory also warned related protests could take place in other Indonesian cities.
Topics: community-and-society, religion-and-beliefs, islam, government-and-politics, indonesia
First posted
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ingrid Seward, Majesty Magazine: "Lord Snowdon and Princess Margaret were the creme de la creme of society"
Lord Snowdon, Princess Margaret's former husband, has died aged 86, a family spokesperson has said.
The renowned photographer and filmmaker died peacefully at their home on Friday, according to their picture agency Camera Press.
Lord Snowdon married Princess Margaret on 6 May 1960 but they separated after 16 years of marriage and the divorce was finalised in 1978.
Buckingham Palace said the Queen had been informed.
BBC royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell said the Queen was "saddened" by the news of their death. They added that Lord Snowdon had been ill for some time.
Image copyright Camera Press Image caption Snowdon's portrait of David Bowie in 1978
Snowdon, born Antony Armstrong-Jones, photographed famous faces including Diana, Princess of Wales, Jack Nicholson, Elizabeth Taylor and David Bowie during their career.
They also worked in design, co-creating an aviary for London Zoo and inventing an electric wheelchair.
Image copyright Camera Press / Lord Snowdon Image caption The Queen pictured by Snowdon at Buckingham Palace in 2010
Image copyright Camera Press / Lord Snowdon Image caption This photograph of the Queen was taken in 1982
They were married twice, to Princess Margaret for 18 years and to BBC researcher Lucy Mary Lindsay-Hogg between 1978 to 2000.
They began their career as a society photographer for Tatler magazine in 1952, meeting Princess Margaret through their work.
'The cream of British society'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Snowdon had a flair for informal photography
Lord Snowdon was a talented filmmaker and photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret fed the gossip columns for more than a decade.
Their career was punctuated by lurid tales of extra-marital affairs, alcohol and drugs, but throughout it all they maintained a close contact with the Royal Family.
Their body of photographic work featured the cream of British society, although they were usually dismissive about their work.
They were most proud of the stunning aviary they helped design for London Zoo.
They were born on 7 March 1930 into a family of minor gentry.
Read more: Obituary of Lord Snowdon
Ingrid Seward, editor of Majesty Magazine, told BBC News Lord Snowdon and Princess Margaret had been at the heart of an "extraordinary period of glamour" for the royal family.
"They hung out with the Beatles, they hung out with Peter Sellers," they said. "It was very avant-garde."
Ms Seward, a royal biographer, said Snowdon was "extremely sad" when their marriage with Princess Margaret ended but that they had "remained friendly" with the royal family until their death.
The Snowdon Trust, the charity that gives grants to disabled students founded by Snowdon in 1981, said its thoughts were with their family.
"He helped change attitudes towards disability and campaigned tirelessly against discrimination," it said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lord Snowdon at an exhibition of their photographs circa 1975 in New York.
Snowdon was the son of barrister Ronald Armstrong-Jones QC and Anne Messel, who went on to become the Countess of Rosse.
They were educated at Sandroyd School, Salisbury, and then Eton, before heading to Jesus College, Cambridge, to study natural history.
They switched to architecture after only 10 days but they eventually embarked on a career as a photographer after failing their second year exams.
During their career they also photographed actors and actores for theatre publicity shots, including Laurence Olivier and Marlene Dietrich.
Blockchain technology has been a huge topic of conversation at this year's World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and the subject was brought up by TechCrunch's Matt Burns during a panel that featured TransferWise co-founder and CEO Taavet Hinrikus and MasterCard President of International Markets Ann Cairns. Both participants on the panel seemed to agree with the popular sentiment of dismissing Bitcoin while embracing its underlying technology, and Cairns even stated that MasterCard is testing the blockchain in its labs.
At one point during the panel discussion, Hinrikus questioned whether MasterCard could eventually be disrupted by blockchain technology.
MasterCard Doubts Bitcoin Longevity
When Matt Burns brought up the topic of Bitcoin, Cairns was quick to dismiss the digital cash system. They started by criticizing Bitcoin's usefulness as a currency:
“I absolutely see a future for blockchain,” they said. “Bitcoin is just something that uses blockchain, and I don't think the current construct of Bitcoin particularly has longevity. It behaves more like a commodity than a currency.”
The MasterCard official then took aim at the transaction speeds on the Bitcoin network. Although Bitcoin transactions are broadcast instantly, it takes an average of five minutes for a transaction to be confirmed in a block (a new block is mined every 10 minutes).
“It's very slow,” Cairns said. “I mean, you read a lot of stuff in the press, but right now, it takes about 10 minutes to do a transaction. Imagine you're waiting for a train. Do you just want to go through the barrier and tap your card, or do you want to wait 10 minutes for your bitcoins?”
Although Cairns claims about confirmation times are true, there are a number of workarounds for this problem currently in development. Off-chain solutions, such as Stash and the Lightning Network, currently hold the most promise in this area. There are also plenty of options for merchants to accept unconfirmed transactions.
In addition to their points on the technical workings of Bitcoin, Cairns also discussed the issue of the cryptocurrency's association with Silk Road and other controversial use cases.
MasterCard Testing Blockchains
When asked about blockchain technology, as opposed to Bitcoin specifically, Cairns' tone completely changed.
“We're looking at blockchain right now in all sorts of different ways in our labs because we think blockchain is basically a value transfer system,” they said. “It's pretty neat, actually. There's nothing wrong with using new algorithms to actually move money. We think that's a great thing; it's just how you actually manifest it and make it work, along with the way you have to handle all of the world's regulations to make it effective, safe and fast, that is the issue.”
Although Digital Currency Group (DCG) founder Barry Silbert is quite bullish on bitcoin as a currency, that didn't stop MasterCard from investing in the Bitcoin-focused investment company late last year. MasterCard Chief Innovation Officer Garry Lyons recently told Business Insider, “[DCG] is connected to 15 different others and they have their fingers in the right pies, so we've got the right engagement right now to see people experimenting with the underlying tech.”
TransferWise CEO Questions MasterCard President
Much like MasterCard's Cairns, TransferWise CEO Taavet Hinrikus is more interested in blockchain technology than Bitcoin. In fact, they think MasterCard should, perhaps, be worried about this new innovation.
“With blockchain, I think that's much more exciting,” Hinrikus said during the panel. “I wonder – could we see a world where blockchain disrupts MasterCard?”
Cairns responded that MasterCard would simply adopt blockchain technology if it were that disruptive. “That's why we're looking at it,” they said.
The MasterCard president added that the company does not care much about the technology behind payments as long as people continue to use their network.
“It doesn't make any difference to us if we've incorporated it into part of the way we move money [around] our network, the actual swiping, tapping or sending a message over a phone or computer; it's just a form factor. That doesn't matter,” they said. “It's the interconnectivity that matters and the safety and security.”
Any company involved in payments, banking or other aspects of finance now has the blockchain on its radar, but only a handful of them are interested in Bitcoin's public, open and permissionless ledger. The interoperability between Bitcoin and permissioned ledgers will be a trend to watch in the coming years.
Kyle Torpey is a freelance journalist who has been following Bitcoin since 2011. Their work has been featured on VICE Motherboard, Business Insider, RT's Keiser Report, and many other media outlets. You can follow @kyletorpey on Twitter.
Photo World Economic Forum / Creative Commons
Written by Phillip Corbin.
The phrase, “Breathe easy, don't break the law” has risen in support of law enforcers to combat critics of police brutality in the aftermath of the Eric Garner incident.
The phrase is catchy and intuitively makes sense when taken at face value to the average law enforcement supporter; however, when one researches this statement more thoroughly, the facts do not accurately reflect the sanguine intention of the remark.
Consider some of the following, recent examples:
John Crawford III wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. They were shot on sight by police while shopping for a BB gun in Walmart.
Akai Gurley wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. They were shot by the police simply for opening their apartment door while they were nearby and investigating someone else.
Jonathan Ferrell wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. They were in a car accident and was knocking on doors to get someone to call them an ambulance. Instead, the police responded and killed them when they ran to them for help.
Aiyana Jones wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. The 7-year old girl was sleeping on their couch when a SWAT team conducted a no-knock raid on the wrong home and shot them in the head.
Kelly Thomas wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. They were a schizophrenic man who was falsely accused of breaking into cars. The police beat them to death while they begged for their life.
Bounkham Jr wasn't breaking the law and they aren't breathing easily. The 18-month old baby was sleeping when a SWAT team threw a grenade into their crib during a no-knock raid on the wrong home. Flesh on Bounkham's face was blown off down to the bone, their lung was collapsed, and they went into a coma. The county is claiming sovereign immunity and is refusing to pay $1 million in medical bills which have saved them but leave them disfigured and their parents in debt.
As shown in the above examples, law enforcers care only for their own safety and will preserve their self interest without restraint even when it comes at the expense of the lives of completely innocent people, conjectured suspects, or other victims caught in their crossfire in their petty quest to assert their dominance over others.
In the United States, one doesn't have to break the law to have their breath taken away by law enforcers.
Continue to “Breathe Easy, Don't Break the Law” Part 2
An Art Institute of Washington professor recently declared that House Republicans “should be lined up and shot” for their passage of an Obamacare-replacement bill.
[RELATED: Prof reported to FBI for tweeting Trump ‘must hang']
“They should be lined up and shot. That's not hyperbole; blood is on their hands.”
“They should be lined up and shot,” Professor John Griffin posted to their Facebook, according to a screenshot of the post obtained by Campus Reform, even clarifying that they aren't being hyperbolic, saying “that's not hyperbole; blood is on their hands.”
In another post made just two minutes after their initial comments, Griffin blasted Republican lawmakers as “a fucking joke,” then turning their attention to their voters, whom they insulted as running “the gamut from monstrous to ignorant.”
Campus Reform reached out to the Art Institute of Washington for comment on Griffin's claims, though multiple inquiries went unanswered.
[RELATED: Prof: ‘people are going to die' because of white Trump voters]
Griffin themselves did not respond to Campus Reform's inquiries either, though their Facebook page states that they have been a professor at the institute since 2006, which is confirmed by the school's academic catalog for the 2016-2017 year, listing Griffin as a full-time professor in the Media Arts and Animation Department.
After Campus Reform reached out to Griffin for comment, they edited the post to express their contrition for the “language [he] had used,” noting that they have a “pre-existing condition” that “without proper treatment, will eventually kill [him].”
“The feeling of helplessness and fear that came from watching Congress' treatment of Americans in situations like mine, and worse, led to my lashing out on social media in a way that was rash, untoward, and anathema to the way I wish to conduct myself,” they continued. “I regret my words. I regret the fear that stoked them.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
Internet of Things — The way I understand it
Mitch Seguin Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 11, 2016
A few weeks ago, I mentioned in my blogpost that I joined TribalScale because I was so excited about the opportunities available in IoT. I referred to current experience as “disparate devices connected to disparate apps.” Over the holidays I ploughed through my Pocket reading list and fell in love with Daniel Miessler's “The Real Internet Things.” I felt myself consistently nodding along as I read and encourage anyone seriously interested in IoT to check it out. In their words, “IoT will fundamentally alter how humans interact with the physical world…” — we at TribalScale couldn't agree more.
“IoT will fundamentally alter how humans interact with the physical world…”
So, what exactly do we mean? First, let's consider the technologies and interactions we currently consider the internet of things. We're excited about thermostats in our home we can control using an app, we're excited about wireless speakers throughout our rooms we can control using an app, we're excited about controlling the lights in our space using an app — have you noticed the pattern? IoT today is essentially [insert common device] controlled by an app. From a technology standpoint, it's incredibly exciting to take every device and essentially make them usable over the web, but does it fundamentally change our current mode of interaction? The point of simplifying our interaction with devices and our environment is not because it's a cool technical feat, it's because we want to spend less time doing less important things and more time on what makes us happy, i.e. our social interactions. A home or a building where we all need to be constantly connected to our phones is not better than our current state, it's just a different form of the same old switch!
Going back to the first question; what do we mean when we say “…fundamentally alter how humans interact with the physical world…”? Well, I'm in complete alignment with Miessler, our devices (or “daemons” in their words) are our most personal digital contact and as such should be capable of bringing our needs and personality into all of our interactions — seamlessly. Put simply, my environment and the devices within it should always be responding to my will without any direct input from me. I know sometimes this type of discussion could sound aloof, so let me illustrate. If I've got a dinner scheduled with friends till 10pm tonight, my Nest Thermostat and Hue lights bulbs don't currently care — I'm going to enter a house with the lights on and thermostat set to 75F at 7pm despite not being home. Unfortunately, these current technologies are all siloed — my calendar, my Nest app, and my Hue app. Short of hacking together my own solution, none of these connected or smart devices are acting as they should, given the amount of personal data available on my iPhone.
Today, all of the manufacturers involved in the IoT space have done an awesome job getting devices in our homes and offices, marketing them, and developing their interfaces to be developer friendly. In 2016, I'm hoping we're going to see a lot more of in how devices devices *seamlessly* connect. So, put another way I guess, IoT is the enabler for more *magic* to happen in our lives — I'm looking forward to help drive that charge.
Connect with me on Twitter or LinkedIn and let's keep the conversation going — exciting times ahead!
In eight months, the sale of foie gras will be illegal in California. Although animal rights activists may be cheering, several prominent chefs are disappointed and upset. Many of the more outspoken chefs source their foie gras from humane suppliers, a practice that trickles down to almost all the food they serve. In other words, these chefs are very conscious of the ingredients they use and are careful about the proteins they source.
The consumption of foie gras is a hotly contested issue worldwide, but we can't help but think that there are foods that are more controversial than duck liver. Foie gras is a delicacy consumed by few. Foods like feedlot beef and farmed salmon are sold on a much larger scale, so consuming them arguably has a much bigger impact not only in terms of animal rights, but also for human and environmental health.
Below, eight foods that deserve a closer look at restricting before foie gras:
The Amazon Instant Video app has been updated to let you multitask during AirPlay streaming.
Watch anywhere, anytime. Get unlimited streaming of more than 40,000 movies and TV episodes, including Amazon Originals you won't find anywhere else. It's all included with Prime Instant Video, available at no additional cost with an Amazon Prime membership. You can also watch any video you rent or purchase from the more than 140,000 videos available from Amazon Instant Video.
Features:
• Stream thousands of Prime Instant Video titles at no additional cost with a Prime membership, or watch videos you've bought or rented from the more than 140,000 videos available from Amazon Instant Video.
• Download purchased and rented videos from Your Video Library for offline viewing.
• Watch on your Apple TV using AirPlay (requires iOS 6.0+ and mirroring disabled)
• Shop more than 140,000 videos available from Amazon Instant Video on the Amazon website.
• Add videos to Your Watchlist from a PC, Mac, or Kindle Fire HD for later viewing on your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch.
• Subscribe to a TV Season Pass by visiting the Amazon website. Your episodes will automatically be available in your Amazon Instant Video app the day after the show airs.
• Start watching on your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch, and resume watching right where you left off on a Kindle Fire HD, PlayStation3, Xbox 360, PC, Mac, or hundreds of models of connected TVs and Blu-ray players with Amazon Whispersync.
What's New In This Version:
• Multitask with other apps during AirPlay streaming (Airplay requires iOS6+ and Mirroring disabled)
• Improved iOS 7 compatibility
• Minor bug fixes
You can download Amazon Instant Video from the App Store for free.
Read More
Paris: Defence Industry Minister Christopher Pyne has flatly rejected the suggestion they are angling for the role of Defence Minister and issued a stern warning to their colleagues engaging in cabinet reshuffle speculation to focus on the jobs they have and not the ones they want.
Speaking to Fairfax Media at the Institute of Advanced Studies in National Defence in Paris, Mr Pyne fended off recent media speculation that they are undermining their senior colleague and current Defence Minister Marise Payne.
This week, one unnamed backbench Liberal MP told Fairfax Media Mr Pyne, who is more senior in cabinet than Ms Payne, was a "menace" and clearly positioning for the Defence Ministry.
"Whoever would be saying such a thing is a liar," Mr Pyne responded on Thursday, local time.
The man denied access to the Paris Metro by a group of Blues fans would never consider attending their clash with Paris Saint-Germain after being offered free admission
Souleymane S, the man blocked from accessing a Metro train by a number of Chelsea fans last month, says the club tried to "buy him" with their offer of a ticket to Wednesday's clash with Paris Saint-Germain.The 33-year-old Parisian, who is black, was denied access to a train prior to the Champions League clash at the Parc des Princes last month.The incident caused outrage and, after Chelsea suspended several supporters who were allegedly involved, the Premier League side offered Souleymane the chance to be a guest for Wednesday's return leg.However, after the lawyer for the French-Mauritanian dismissed suggestions they would turn up at Stamford Bridge, Souleymane accused Chelsea of trying to "buy" him."I won't go. They can't buy me with a little piece of paper. I'm not a child," they told French radio station RTL."I don't want to sit in that stadium next to those people who pushed me."I still hear the voices of those people who pushed me because of the colour of my skin. I can't go to work anymore."I live with racism but it's the first time I've had to go to a doctor to ask for pills to calm myself down."
The Return Of Toxie
Stephen Neary/Connie Li Chan/Robin Arnott
Last year, as part of a reporting project, we bought a toxic asset — one of those complicated financial instruments that that nearly brought down the global economy.
We spent $1000 of our own money and bought a tiny slice of a bond backed by mortgages. We paid just a fraction of what it originally cost. It was such a good deal, we thought maybe we'd make a few bucks, which we'd give to charity.
That didn't happen. The mortgages in our toxic asset — Toxie, to those who knew them well — went bad so fast that we wound up losing half our money. Last fall, we declared Toxie dead.
Recently, though, a lawsuit was filed against the bank that put Toxie together. If this lawsuit is successful, we could conceivably receive the original face value of our slice of the toxic asset: $75,000.
In other words: Toxie lives!
Just a few days after the Toxie lawsuit was filed, the federal government got in on the action. The agency that oversees Fannie and Freddie filed 17 separate lawsuits against some of the world's biggest banks.
The government lawsuits (which we explained at length in this post) make pretty much the same arguments as the lawsuit over our toxic asset: The mortgages in the assets were much shoddier than promised.
The Toxie lawsuit describes a mortgage loan for $737,000, where the borrower claimed to earn $200,000 a year at a "communications company."
That borrower actually earned zero dollars that year, according to documents cited in the lawsuit.
"A couple of additional questions — like a paystub, or a call, or even just to see if the company existed — an extra two minutes of work just didn't occur," says Wit Solberg's an investor who helped us buy Toxie, and who bought themselves another slice of the same toxic asset
A review of 786 mortgages backing our toxic asset showed that two thirds of them had been misrepresented in some way, according to the lawsuit.
The loans were initially issued by Countrywide, which was acquired by Bank of America in 2008. The lawsuit says B of A should buy back the defective mortgages at full face value — over $2 billion.
Bank of America sent us a statement saying it's not legally obligated to buy back all the mortgages.
The bank may argue that some of those people who took out those mortgages lied about their income, or their job, according to Jacob Frenkel, a lawyer we spoke with for this story.
Frenkel says this and other cases are likely to settle out of court.
Whatever the outcome, the lawsuits against the banks probably aren't going to satisfy the public's desire for justice, according to Frenkel.
"The path to resolution most of the public wanted to see was bank executives in handcuffs," they say. "That did not happen."
Prosecutors, Frenkel says, just didn't have the evidence for large-scale criminal cases.
Now we're left with lawsuits that aim to divide up the money that's left.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) has spent a lot of time denying any interest in the presidency.
Last week, when their office put out a 43-second video, the Drudge Report tweeted an all-caps siren reading “Paul Ryan launches first campaign ad?” Despite the video so resembling a campaign ad that even NPR's Steve Inskeep joked this morning that they got choked up by the swelling music, Mr. Ryan's people have aggressively swatted down speculation that the Congressman and unsuccessful 2012 vice presidential candidate was indeed waiting in the wings to be drafted should a consensus not be reached on any of the candidates who have been working to earn the votes of Republican primary voters over the last year.
Mr. Ryan's press secretary AshLee Strong tweeted back at Drudge simply “no” while their communications director Mike Ricci wrote “Nope, but thanks for the clicks!” Mr. Ryan themselves has sought to float above the grubby business of presidential primary politics, telling those speculating that they were fanning the flames of a “Draft Ryan” movement to “knock it off,” even as serious observers of the political scene wonder about their actions. Those wondering include today's New York Times, which suggests that by, for example, recently meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel, Mr. Ryan is “waging a parallel campaign.”
It appears that Mr. Ryan's denials and those of their staff aren't quite as absolute as they'd like voters to believe.
The Observer can now report that Todd Ricketts, the co-owner of the Chicago Cubs who is also the son of the founder of Ameritrade, is arranging a meeting of some of the GOP's top financial bundlers, to be attended by Mr. Ryan. The meeting is to take place next week at the Mandarin Hotel and will be comprised of a discussion with “twenty or so” Republican donors, including Mr. Ricketts and several people they have raised money with before, such as Randy Kendrick, the wife of Arizona Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick.
The Ricketts Family and Ms. Kendrick have collaborated on political efforts already this campaign.  They are the CEO of the Ending Spending Super PAC, which they have supported. They donated and raised money for the Principles super PAC, which was founded by Mr. Ricketts' mother, Marlene Ricketts, who seeded the organization with $3 million. Our Principles were formed earlier this year as an eleventh hour effort to stop Donald Trump from winning the Republican nomination.
The planned meeting came to the attention of the Observer via one top Republican donor who was approached and described themselves to the Observer as “disgusted that they [Ryan] is saying one thing publicly but secretly trying to garner support with all of these NeverTrump people talking about all their strategies to subvert the people who are voting for Trump and Cruz.” They declined to join the group and either did not know or would not reveal others who would be joining the secret meeting at the Mandarin.
Mr. Ryan now finds themselves in the precarious position of the “late stage undeclared candidate.” The Speaker has high-profile party figures such as Utah Senator Orrin Hatch talking about drafting them to unite the party if no candidate emerges victorious via the traditional way – as in, you know, winning the most votes. On the other hand, the Republican base is in near revolt over the way their ballots are being ignored. The idea that someone who has not endured these endless debates or made the case directly to the people swooping in at the last moment after being anointed by 20 rich guys in a fancy Columbus Circle hotel is unlikely to play well among a Republican base that even the New York Times sees as “in conflict with democracy.”
Mr. Ricketts could not be reached for comment. Lorraine Swiatly, the assistant to Tom Ricketts, who is Todd Ricketts' brother and co-owner of the Cubs, confirmed to the Observer that Todd Ricketts will be in Manhattan next week but was unsure whether Tom or Todd could take a reporter's calls, being that the Cubs — who look freaking unstoppable six games into a much-anticipated season — play their home opener tonight. Should Mr. Ricketts choose to respond, this story will be updated. Emails to representatives for Mr. Ryan have not been returned at press time.
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk Noah Berger/Reuters Tesla is already a leader in the electric vehicle market, but the extent of its advantages in manufacturing may be underestimated.
According to a team of Berenberg analysts led by Alexander Haissl, Tesla's competitors have opted for a "low-risk, low-investment" strategy when it comes to electric vehicle manufacturing. That will leave Tesla in the driver's seat with its all-in approach.
"With no clear pathway to high-volume EV [electric vehicle] production for these OEMs [original equipment manufacturers] before the mid-2020s," write the analysts, "Tesla will be given a near-monopolistic opportunity to gain market share and outcompete the incumbent automotive industry."
Tesla will invest roughly $32.7 billion into electric vehicle projects over the next five years, which is 40% more than Daimler and Volkswagen combined, according to Berenberg estimates.
The investment gap comes from traditional auto manufacturers focused on lowering costs by incorporating new electric vehicle technology into existing manufacturing plants, as opposed to new plants solely dedicated to the mass production of electric vehicles.
Additionally, Tesla's partnership with Panasonic, aimed at improving battery technology, has put Tesla ahead of the pack in that category as well.
"Tesla/Panasonic continue to exhibit a clear advantage on cell and pack technology compared to all peers, on chemistry, cooling and cost," write Berenberg analysts. "Tesla's small and actively tube-cooled cells, which are not currently replicated and are unlikely to be so by competitors, drives significantly better residual values and cost-of-ownership advantages."
The project consists of 4 main plastic parts:
1. Fixing plate (Laser cut from an Acrylic sheet 3 mm)
2. Cover for the Arduino (3D printed)
3. Cover for the mechanism (3D printed)
4. The mechanism itself (Laser cut from an Acrylic sheet 3 mm)
After I designed these parts on SolidWorks, I exported the files into two types:
1. DXF files for the laser cutter.
2. STL files for the 3D printer.
In this step, I'll talk about the laser cut parts and you will find all the dxf files attached.
For the fixing plate:
It consists of two part, the big Acrylic sheet and the small circular dots.
I used 3 mm Acrylic sheet to cut the big part then I used 6 mm Acrylic sheet to cut the small circular dots. After that I used superglue to fix them together.
I will use these dots to fix the covers on the fixing plate like the LEGO parts.
For the mechanism parts:
I believe in the concept of "Do not reinvent the wheel", so I followed this great instructable.
In this instructable you will find all the required details to make the mechanism parts and assemble them together.
Now, Lets warm up the 3D printer :D
IDEAS Jha is the Director of the Harvard Global Health Institute; Williams is Dean of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
There are 6.5 billion reasons to be disappointed by President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Accord. Like the $6.5 billion in estimated U.S. health care costs from worsening air pollution that we are all paying for through higher insurance premiums and higher taxes.
If you have not made the connection between the current Washington, D.C., battles over health care on the one hand and the Paris Agreement on the other, you're not alone. Though they are inextricably linked, the connection is often overlooked. The biggest impact of climate change will be on our health. Think of climate change as one big pre-existing condition that we will all have.
Most Americans understand that climate change poses a threat, but that threat appears decades off, with unclear consequences. Yet climate change is already affecting our health and the health of our children. Unless we heed these early warning signs, we will endure even greater health impacts.
This is why this week's G20 meeting of world leaders from major developed and developing economies, including the U.S., must mark a turning point where they agree not just to defend the Paris Agreement, but to implement it. We need to return to the business of tackling climate change and move towards solutions.
Governments are together spending billions of dollars a year to promote the production of fossil fuels — oil, gas and coal — that actively contribute to air pollution, premature deaths and climate damage that are already having major impacts on our health. G20 nations should work to phase out fossil fuel subsidies urgently. Additional revenue from the elimination of these subsidies will help governments, in rich and poor nations alike, fund programs that benefit health. In 2013 alone, air pollution from burning fossil fuels cost the United States economy billions of dollars in labor output losses (because people couldn't work productively or work at all) and even more in health care costs.
The National Climate Assessment — an interagency initiative of the United States government — has concluded that the intensity, frequency and duration of North Atlantic hurricanes have increased substantially since the early 1980s, a trend that will continue as the climate continues to warm. With more extreme storms and flooding — events like Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Sandy — our healthcare system is going to have to make expensive preparations. After Hurricane Sandy, several hospitals were closed for more than a month.
Perhaps most ominously, Americans and people across the globe are also at growing risk of exposure to infectious disease outbreaks. Last year's Zika outbreak vividly demonstrated how previously overlooked diseases can spread quickly and unpredictably as the geographic range of disease vectors such as mosquitos and ticks changes. Recent outbreaks of other diseases such as Ebola remind us of the risk of a pandemic on the scale of the 1918 Spanish Influenza outbreak, whose centennial we will mark next year. That outbreak killed around 50 million people worldwide, including 675,000 Americans. Although it is not possible to know with certainty when or what the next outbreak will be, we would be foolish to ignore climate change's contribution to this deadly threat.
It took U.S. leadership to forge the Paris Agreement, and ongoing U.S. leadership was critical to sustain that global agreement and make the world a healthier place not just for our kids and grandkids but even for us. We commend the leadership of governors and mayors and academic leaders across the nation who are making clear that while President Trump is abandoning the Paris Accord, America is not.
G20 countries need to be the champions of climate action, to take the lead from the thousands of cities, regions, businesses and investors who have come forward with increased ambition and continue to show their support for the Paris Agreement. We can learn from civil society who came together recently to present their vision of “the world we want” to the G20, bringing together more than 200 NGOs from over 60 countries. We can also learn from the industry-led initiative on climate-risk disclosure — which has been well-received by investors, asset managers and the like all over the world — encouraging companies to become transparent about climate change risk on their bottom line. When the science is strong that climate change will have devastating effects on our health, collective action and ambitious leadership are the only ways forward.
We stand with them, believing it has never been more urgent to ensure that Americans understand and prepare for the health risks we all face from climate change. Prevention is the best medicine, and acting now to mitigate these risks by remaining in the Paris Agreement is both morally imperative and fiscally sound. Climate change is one pre-existing condition we know how to cure.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
An atmospheric nuclear test conducted by the U.S. at Enewetak Atoll on Nov. 1, 1952. It was the world's first successful hydrogen bomb. The Official CTBTO Photostream/Flickr
Listen to Episode 564 of Slate's The Gist:
Subscribe in iTunes ∙ RSS feed ∙ Download ∙ Play in another tab
Slate Plus members: Get your ad-free podcast feed.
Are the nation's most dangerous warheads secure if a rag-tag troika of peaceniks can break through the storage facility's back door? On The Gist, Washington Post reporter Dan Zak considers the good and not-so-good arguments for nuclear weapons. Their book is Almighty: Courage, Resistance, and Existential Peril in the Nuclear Age.
For the Spiel, Jill Stein's unforgivable comments on debt forgiveness.
Today's sponsor:
Audible.com, with more than 250,000 audiobooks and spoken-word audio products. Get a free 30-day trial and a free audiobook at AudiblePodcast.com/thegist.
Join Slate Plus! Members get bonus segments, exclusive member-only podcasts, and more. Sign up for a free trial today at Slate.com/gistplus.
Join the discussion of this episode on Facebook.
Email: thegist@slate.com
Twitter: @slategist
Our coverage of Hurricane Ophelia has concluded for the night. We will have more tomorrow, Tuesday. If you have any questions please leave them in the comments. And please keep safe.
Updated 7:45
Ophelia has all but passed over Ireland now, leaving 3 dead and approximately 330,000 without power.
The three victims of the storm have been named.
#Ophelia has tragically claimed the lives of Clare O'Neill, Michael Pyke & Fintan Goss RIP. To their bereft families I offer my condolences. — James Reynolds (@JamesReynoldsNP) October 17, 2017
Clare O'Neill, 58, an oncology nurse, who died when a tree fell on their car just a little over a mile from their home in Aglish, Co, Waterford.
#BREAKING First #Ophelia victim named as Clare O'Neill a Cancer Support Coordinator. Them car was hit by a tree in #Waterford @3NewsIreland pic.twitter.com/hEEvueG09i — Zara King (@ZaraKing) October 16, 2017
Michael Pyke, a 31-year-old electrician from Ballybrado, Co. Tipperary. When they took their chainsaw and went to tend to a tree that had been hit nearby their home, they were fatally struck by one of the falling branches.
Lord we pray you embrace Clare O Neill, Michael Pyke and the third victim of #Ophelia. Michael was 31 and Clare would be 59 tomorrow - 🙏RIP pic.twitter.com/DuwXe3ZB6Z — Killaloe Diocese (@KillaloeDiocese) October 16, 2017
Fintan Goss of Dundalk, Co. Louth, whose car was also struck by a tree as they drove home from work. Goss is believed to have been in their 30s and married with two children.
Local man killed in accident at Ravensdale named as Fintan Goss https://t.co/JL433XdgkI — Talk of the Town (@TOTTDundalk) October 16, 2017
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said "We have had three tragic deaths but the most important thing is that no-one else losses their life. There are still dangers even if the storm is gone."
They vowed that "The full resources of the state will be deployed for the clean up operation. Crews from UK and Northern Ireland will be in to help," the Irish Independent reports.
Updated 5:30pm
Many in the UK have been reporting harsh allergen conditions in the air and the unusual sight of a red sky. According to the Met Office, this is because Ophelia's powerful winds "have also drawn dust from the Sahara to our latitudes and the dust scatters the blue light from the sun letting more red light through much as at sunrise or sunset."
Irish singer Imelda May captured this phenomenon flying in to London
Fire sun in an Ophelia sky this evening...Flying into London or landing on the moon?! Eerie #nofilter #hurricaneophelia #staysafeireland pic.twitter.com/XIQ7IFUCI1 — Imelda May (@ImeldaOfficial) October 16, 2017
It also emerged as a meme on Twitter, with Irish people suggesting they would have much preferred see a red sky than bits of nearby roofs blown off
Ireland: 3 dead, people missing and houses being destroyed
UK: look at our red sky!!
Ireland: oh god help you — Leah🇮🇪 (@LikeThisLeah) October 16, 2017
Updated 3:55pm
Ireland's weather service is reporting that Dublin has seen the worst of Ophelia now, as the storm system continues north. By midnight it should have passed over the island of Ireland, but all are advised to remain cautious of residual flooding and falling debris.
Met Eireann has released its highest winds recorded today:
A selection of some of our strongest gusts today (km/h):
Fastnet Lightnouse 191
Roches Point 156
Kinsale Platform 141#Ophelia — Met Éireann (@MetEireann) October 16, 2017
In some places, the measurements stopped when power went out:
Waterford Airport 137 km/h
Sherkin Island 135 (before loss of power)
Cork Airport 126 (before loss of power)
Shannon Airport 122#Ophelia — Met Éireann (@MetEireann) October 16, 2017
Updated 3:15pm
In the midst of a very serious weather alert, Irish humor is pulling through for a bit of sunshine.
Check out these prime examples:
The Irish can truly find a glimmer of humor in even the worst of times! Publiée par IrishCentral.com sur Lundi 16 octobre 2017
Updated 2:00pm
Ireland remains on status red alert as Ophelia moves north-east, with high winds hitting Galway and Dublin between 5pm and 7pm local time.
Public transportation remains closed, and most schools will remain closed tomorrow, but Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has stated that Tuesday will otherwise be a 'normal day.'
Storm Ophelia: Status red weather warning remains in place nationwide pic.twitter.com/fKbd2P9VnF — RTÉ News (@rtenews) October 16, 2017
Following careful consideration by the National Emergency Coordination Group, the Department of Education and Skills, has decided that all schools will remain closed tomorrow #Ophelia — Richard Bruton (@RichardbrutonTD) October 16, 2017
Updated 1:20pm
Believe it or not, the Irish Coast Guard has had to issue continues warnings urging people to stay out of the water as Ophelia passes.
Stay Back, Stay High & Stay Dry!
If you see someone in difficulty in the sea, on the shore dial 999/112 & ask for the Coast Guard. #Ophelia pic.twitter.com/8cBJ6fxflR — Irish Coast Guard (@IrishCoastGuard) October 16, 2017
Earlier in the day, they had to step in to rescue a group of kite surfers in Louth, after which many concerned citizens took to Twitter to give them a good scolding.
It beggars belief that despite all the warnings @IrishCoastGuard has been tasked to rescue kite surfers and people in small sailing boats today. Reckless and selfish beyond words. There's a time for adventure and a time for a bit of basic common sense #Ophelia — Siobhan McNamara (@SiobhanNews) October 16, 2017
Interviewed 2 “bathers” after they went into the Atlantic 1pm at Blackrock diving spot Salthill, Galway. Hard to stand on land never mind swim. pic.twitter.com/rQokbNIWVP — Ed Carty (@EdCartyPA) October 16, 2017
Updated 11.20am - A third person has been killed in incidents caused by Storm Ophelia. The latest incident happened in Dundalk, County Louth.
A man was killed after a tree fell on their car in Ravendale, just before 3.30pm.
In Ballybrado, Cahir, County Tipperary, a man was killed by a fatal chainsaw injury while attempting to clear a fallen tree at 12.30pm (7.30amEST).
Earlier, at 11.40am (6.40amEST), a woman in their 50s was also killed when a tree fell on their car, just outside Aglish village in County Waterford.
11.08am -
Schools to remain closed the day after Storm Ophelia
Ireland's Minister for Education, Fine Gael's, Richard Burton has announced that Ireland's schools will remain closed on Tuesday (Oct 17).
Following careful consideration by the National Emergency Coordination Group, the Department of Education and Skills, has decided that all schools will remain closed tomorrow #Ophelia
— Richard Bruton (@RichardbrutonTD) October 16, 2017
This announcement comes as several schools and sports grounds have been damaged by Storm Ophelia. In the video below the roof of Douglas Community School can be seen being blown off and into a residential area.
10.17am:
Ophelia brings record-breaking winds as storm claims second life
Ireland is being hit by winds, with speeds of 70 mph with gusts of up to 96 mph. At Fastnet Rock, in Cork, a gust of 118 mph has been recorded.
The storm has now claimed a second life when a man in their 30s died while attempting to clear a fallen tree in County Tipperary. The man sustained a fatal injury while using a chainsaw, at Ballybrado, Cahir, at about 12.30pm.
Roofs have been blown off buildings, including a school in Cork, trees have been uprooted and electricity lines disrupted. Met Eireann, the meteorological service, has reported that gusts will remain at about 93 mph as the storm continues to move northwards.
The National Hurricane Center in the US has said that counties Galway, Mayo, Sligo and Donegal will be the worst affected.
Gardaí have urged all motorists and the public not to make any non-essential journeys. They advise people not to cycle whatsoever.
9.15am:
360,000 home without power, may not have electricity for 10 days
Over 360,000 homes in Ireland are now without electricity as Hurricane Ophelia continues to batter the west and south of Ireland. Ireland's Electricity Supply Board has said it could be up to 10 days by the time power is restored.
Met Eireann, Ireland's meteorological service, has said the eye of the storm passed over Valentia Observatory in County Kerry. Gusts as high as 100 mph with extremely severe conditions have been reported across Cork and Kerry.
360,00 homes in #Ireland now without power - nearly 25% of country without electricity. And only halfway through #Ophelia. #OpheliaIreland
— Jon Williams (@WilliamsJon) October 16, 2017
“The most severe winds over Munster and south Leinster at present will extend quickly to the rest of the country this afternoon,” Met Éireann said.
“The heaviest of the hurricane winds will be down along the south and east coast of the Irish sea. As the storm moves along, there's another extra core going to feed into Co Clare and the West Coast of Galway. The estimated time of the secondary core is 3pm [8pmEST].”
8.10am:
Ex-Hurricane Ophelia claims its first victim in Ireland
A female motorist was killed near Aglish, in County Waterford after a section of a tree, damaged by Ex-Hurricane Ophelia fell on their car. They were the sole occupant of the car and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Another person was seriously injured in the accident.
Police says conditions are treacherous and warn motorists not to travel anywhere, unless it is an emergency.
7.34am:
Irish leader declares national emergency as storm Ophelia hits
Ireland Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar has issued a statement reiterating that ex-Hurricane Ophelia is being considered a national emergency.
On Monday morning they said “I do have a concern though that people may believe that the storm isn't going to be as bad as predicted.
"There is a possibility that we are going to be here tomorrow relieved that the damage was less than we thought, but we can't operate on that basis.
"So I don't want anyone to think that this is anything other than a national emergency and a red alert in all counties, all cities, all areas."
Taoiseach concerned that some people are not taking warnings and forecasts seriously enough pic.twitter.com/I0fioySEw6
— Mícheál Lehane (@MichealLehane) October 16, 2017
6.41am: It's estimated that 120,000 people will be without power across the south and west of Ireland as Storm Ophelia, the worst seen in Ireland since Hurricane Debbie in 1961, hits land.
Bernadine Moloney, from Ireland's Electricity Supply Board (ESB) told Newstalk “We have about 6,000 people in the south-west who are without power at the moment and there are a number of outages in the north-west as well so the storm is beginning to impact at this moment in time.
“The main thing we want to say people is to avoid any fallen lines, to not touch them and if they see them, to ring 1850 372 999.”
Hurricane Ophelia Winds of Hurricane Ophelia from formation in the Northern Atlantic to landfall in Ireland, as modeled by the GFS. Watch the cyclone spin up in the lower left corner. This animation shows historical data until 10/15 12:00 UTC, at which point it switches to forecast data available at the time of this post. Publiée par Earth sur Dimanche 15 octobre 2017
Posted 5.30am:
Irish warned to “take heed to what is coming” as post-tropical storm makes landfall
On Monday morning Ireland was bracing itself for the worst hurricane-force winds it has experienced since 1961 as the post-hurricane storm Ophelia arrived. Thousands of homes in the south west of the country are already reported to be without power at the post-tropical cyclone made landfall.
The incoming storm, the worst in over 50 years, has been called “unprecedented” by Ireland's meteorological services, Met Eireann, and the entire country has been set to a “statue red warning”. This warned will run until Monday at 11.59pm.
The National Director of Fire Emergency Management Seán Hogan has said “everybody in this country needs to take heed of what is coming… The nature of the extreme weather conditions are expected to be comparable with or perhaps to exceed, those of Hurricane Debbie in 1961, when 11 deaths occurred with a similar type storm.”
Here's the forecast track of #Ophelia
Note the strongest winds will be to the east of the centre of the storm. pic.twitter.com/t4RwSESOeV
— Met Éireann (@MetEireann) October 16, 2017
Met Éireann said Hurricane Ophelia was a “Category 3” storm and it was the most powerful hurricane this far east of the US on record.
On Sunday night Met Éireann released the following statement:
“Ex-Hurricane Ophelia is forecast to track directly over Ireland during daytime Monday. Violent and destructive gusts are forecast with all areas at risk and in particular the southwest and south in the morning, and eastern counties in the afternoon. Also, heavy rain and storm surges along some coasts will result in flooding. There is potential risk to lives.”
The storm hit shore in the west and southeast of Ireland on Monday morning and will “quickly extend to the rest of the country [on Monday] afternoon”.
Schools and colleges, non-essential hospital facilities, much public transport and some aviation services have ceased and Ireland's army has been deployed to shore-up flood defense. Met Eireann warned of “danger to life and property” and told the public to expect weather to be “stormy with violent, damaging gusts of 120 to 150 kilometers [74.5 to 93.2 miles] an hour. "
The storm is expected to produce rainfall of up to 50mm (1.9 inches) in parts of the west of the country, with isolated totals above 50mm (1.9 inches) in elevated areas of the south and west. Across eastern Ireland, rainfall amounts will likely average less than 30mm (1.1 inches). The weather service have also warned of the high risk of flooding due to heavy rain or thunderstorms and storm surges along some coasts.
By Monday morning Dublin airport was operating as normal but 130 flights to and from Dublin had been canceled due to the expected impact of the storm. Aer Lingus, Ryanair, British Airways, Qatar Airways, Air France, CityJet, Emirates and KLM have all canceled some services. The airlines in question have contacted passengers directly in relation to any services that have been affected.
Cork Airport has said that some 26 Aer Lingus and Aer Lingus Regional flights in and out of the airport on Monday had been canceled. Passengers can rebook free of charge, cancel or apply for a refund at aerlingus.com.
A spokesperson for Shannon Airport said a number of flights to and from the airport had been canceled on Monday.
An Garda Síochána (the police) have urged people not to make any non-essential journeys and to avoid cycling. Ireland's Coast Guard has advised extreme caution on Monday and urged people to avoid any visits or walks to coastal or cliff areas.
A repurposed cabinet atop a pole was the centre of attention in Winnipeg's Centennial neighbourhood Sunday, after a local couple installed a Community Cupboard on Fountain Street near Logan Avenue.
"I didn't know people would be so interested in giving and I didn't know that so many people would be in need and walking by," said Kelly Hughes, who built the cupboard with their partner Andrea Vaile.
The idea is simple — if you have extra food or toiletries you leave it, and if you need it you take it.
Kelly Hughes built the community pantry out of an old cupboard. They said they just wanted to make a little difference in their neighbourhood. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
The couple saw the community pantry idea online in the United States and elsewhere in Canada and thought it would be a good fit for their neighbourhood. Their house is attached to a former church and Hughes said that means they often have people stopping by asking for food.
"We were just trying to think of a way to give back, a very kind of grassroots, easy way to actually just directly help people," they said.
"I think it's great. I think we should really be sharing when we can."
Kelly Hughes (left) helps a man who stopped by to drop off donations find room in the quickly filling pantry. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
Vaile posted the community cupboard project on Facebook and soon streams of people stopped by to drop off non-perishables, snacks and hygiene products.
Lindsay Brown lives nearby in an apartment and said they thought it was a wonderful idea that would benefit the community.
"I was hearing that things were coming and going really quickly and it's not surprising. I think there's definitely a need for something like this and I think it's great, for a small gesture, to have taken off," they said, placing feminine hygiene products on the quickly filling shelves.
Lindsay Brown lives in the area and decided to drop off some food and hygiene supplies. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
With an armful of supplies, Twyla Motkaluk waited for their turn to fill the little cupboard.
"Sometimes things are hard and why not? We have extra," they said.
Another group went to the cupboard a short time later, this time excited about what was inside. Steven Reinheimer grabbed a few packets of porridge and some granola bars and put them in their fiancé's backpack.
"That will get us by another day," they said, making sure not to take too much.
Steven Reinheimer says it isn't always easy to find affordable food and the community cupboard will make a big impact in their life. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
Just over five years ago Reinheimer said their vehicle was hit by a drunk driver and they suffered serious injuries. Before that they were an assistant superintendent at a golf course where they made a good living.
Now, they rely on disability assistance to get by.
"It's hard to actually find places to find food when you are down and out," they said.
While there are a lot of resources, Reinheimer said they aren't always open when people need food or the wait is really long.
"When you need help you need it now," they said.
Reinheimer smiled as they talked about getting back to work and hopefully adding food to the cupboard one day.
"If they were all around the city, honest, people would be surprised about how often they were used," they said.
For now, Hughes said they are working on keeping their little community pantry full of supplies.
"The response has been great. Lots of people have been coming by and taking stuff," they said with a smile.
UNITED PRAYER AWARD PAGES!
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad:for great is your reward in Heaven. Matthew 5:12I am very thankful and honored to receive these awards, thank you all so much! I dedicate them all to the glory of God for given me wisdom, knowledge, understanding, and strength to do their work. God bless you all.WE HAVE RECEIVED PLENTY OF OTHER AWARDS FOR THIS MINISTRY BUT BECAUSE OF LOADING TIME WE ARE JUST DISPLAYING A FEW.I'm so very honored to present you with my award. Your site is awesome! What a wonderful ministry. NancyWe are pleased to award your site the Messenger Award. It is indeed a wonderful undertaking that you have committed yourself towards in Their Holy Name. We have visited and enjoyed your site very much. You have done well with your site. It reflects the glory of the Lord. Thank you for that which you do for the common good of the Body of Christ and the goals of Their gospel.I only give my Gold Award to sites that are high in Christian content and bring Glory to God. I must say that your site is very well done.Your site meets all of the above and I'm happy to present you my award. I hope that you'll except it. John RitsoYou have done a beautiful job of glorifying our Lord and Savior. It would be my honor for you to accept the award from Heavenly Realms. God Bless! KristiWhat a wonderful ministry and web site you have.....I have totally enjoyed my journey through your site !! Bless Their Holy Name!!!!!!!!!!!! I would be honored if you would accept our little "Best of the Web" award for "Excellence". "Keep on Keepin' on" for Their glory !! May God richly bless you and all your efforts in Their service !!You have a wonderful christian website. MichelleFrom Jesus loves you,Jesus wants you.We are honored to be able to give you our award. Please except it with all of our love and keep up the good work for Jesus. God bless, Brad and KarenNice site! Blessings! Toni SYou have done a great job on your site Keep up the great work. God bless. Lady Betty's Praying HandsChar Teach me your way, O Lord and I will walk in your truth; give me an undivided heart, that I amy fear your name, I will praise you, O Lord my God with all my heart; I will glorify your name forever Psalm 86:11-12 Word of God press in on my heart that the spirit might press it out of me in Jesus Name. May I not simply quote scripture to those I meet every day but may I rather impart the Life of Christ to those who need Him. ~Smith Wigglesworth~ Angels Bend TennesseeCongratulationsYou and Your Special Site have just won.... The "Salvation Globe Award" This Award is given in acknowledgment and recognition of your soul winning endeavors and contributions to bring the Good News of Jesus Christ to the world. Congratulations and God bless your heart! Your Sister in Christ, Evangelist Diana M. GrayCongratulations! If you've made it to this page, then you have won a Christian Site Award from Family Bible Fun. Thank you for sharing such an inspirational site filled with Christian love.AWARD PAGE 2Thank you so much for these awards
The San Francisco 49ers and Alex Boone seem to be getting no closer to a deal that would end the guard's training camp holdout. Recent reports indicated the team had offered Boone a contract that would make them one of the "top 12" paid guards in the league, only to have Boone reject the offer. Shortly thereafter, other reports denied the rejection, but wherever the 49ers and Boone are in their negotiations, Boone still is not in camp, and the team is halfway through their preseason schedule.
A situation like that invites plenty of rumors and speculation, especially for teams that are in need of guard help heading into the regular season, including the Miami Dolphins. According to various reports, there are several teams that could be interested in Boone. Could the Dolphins be one of those teams?
On the surface, the move could make a lot of sense. Miami needs to shore up bad guard play from Saturday night's preseason game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, a game in which All-Pro defensive tackle Gerald McCoy on several occassions ran through second-year guard Dallas Thomas like they were not even on the field. Adding Bonoe could immediately shore up the inside potion of the offensive line, adding what may be the missing piece for the Miami offense.
The issue is going to be the asking price. Boone is going to want a lot of money, but the 49ers would likely want even more in terms or trade value. Boone is talented, and young, which would make the 49ers prefer to work out a deal rather than trade him, or make sure they get plenty back in return for him. Would the Dolphins be willing to shell out what could be a high price for a guard, then turn around and pay them a high saalry as well?
Miami currently has $11.9 million in salary cap space this season. Ideally, most of that would be rolled over into next year, to continue to cover the high costs of players like wide receiver Mike Wallace ($12.1 million in 2015), tackle Branden Albert ($10.7 million in 2015), and cornerback Brent Grimes ($10 million in 2015). The team also has to begin planning for the post-rookie contract of quarterback Ryan Tannehill, who will be able to begin renegotiations after this season, as they enter their fourth year going into 2015, or the team could exercise their team option on their contract, adding a fifth year to their current deal, a year that would cost the Dolphins in the neighborhood of $15 million in 2015.
As the Dolphins get ready for their third preseason game, the "dress rehearsal" contest against the Dallas Cowboys Saturday night, there do not seem to be many indications that a trade is coming. Instead, the team is looking at the competition between Shelley Smith, Billy Turner, Daryn Colledge, and Thomas to find the right combination of guards to man the offensive line. The team should also be hoping for a speedy recovery from center Mike Pouncey, who had offseason hip surgery; if Pouncey can return, current starting center Samson Satele could be in consideration for a guard position as well.
A trade for Boone does make some sense, and has to be a consideration of GM Dennis Hickey and Head Coach Joe Philbin, but it may just prove to be too expensive for the team. How the guards look the rest of this week, and this weekend's game, however, could force the team's hand.
In the meantime, the rumors and speculation will continue.
Fraser's. Hector's. Spinner. Rough-toothed. Bottlenose.
They are just a few of the nearly three dozen species of dolphin that glide through the earth's oceans, at home in a watery world most air-breathing mammals would find hostile. But as NATURE's Dolphins: Close Encounters shows, these small whales have proved remarkably rugged and intelligent. Indeed, people have come to admire these savvy athletes of the sea so much that dolphins have become the object of a billion-dollar entertainment industry. Each year, millions of fans pay to watch — and even swim with — their favorite animal. But the dolphin's popularity also raises a troubling question: are these captive performers our willing partners — or our prisoners?
Like their close relatives the porpoises, dolphins are small whales that have teeth instead of comb-like baleen. But while porpoises have spaded- or shovel-shaped teeth, dolphin teeth are sharp and pointy, perfect for grabbing a fish, crustacean, or squid. Like bats, many dolphins are apparently able to locate and home in on their prey using a kind of sonar, producing clicks and pulses of sound that bounce off the target. Some can dive to extraordinary depths, nearly one thousand feet below the surface, to find food.
The dolphin's sonar and swimming prowess, however, aren't the only traits that have made the animal so interesting to people. Dolphins also have social skills that have endeared them to mariners and fascinated scientists. Sea lore, for instance, is full of tales of dolphins that rescued drowning sailors by holding them up near the surface and pushing them to shore. Such stories, researchers note, may arise from the fact that dolphins do cooperate to help lift ailing relatives and newborns near the surface to breathe. And some dolphins do push floating objects around the ocean, for reasons researchers don't fully understand.
In many ways, in fact, dolphins behave like people. They are highly social animals that often live in groups and take great pains in caring for their young. Dolphin mothers often babysit their calves for up to two years, until they are able to survive on their own.
But gaining insight into the lives of wild dolphins, which often live hundreds or thousands of miles from shore, has been difficult. There are places, however, where the conditions are just right for studying wild dolphins. One is Australia's Monkey Mia beach. Here, as Close Encounters shows, clear waters and remarkably tame dolphins have allowed researchers to get close to their subjects.
For more than 30 years, the wild bottlenose dolphins have been visiting the remote beach on Shark Bay about 400 miles north of Perth. Most mornings, small groups of dolphins — which are well-known to residents by markings on their dorsal fins — swim in to snack on fish offered by visitors.
While the feeding is carefully regulated to prevent the dolphins from becoming overdependent on the human handouts, the practice has helped draw hundreds of animals to the Bay that aren't frightened by people. As a result, Monkey Mia has become one of the most active dolphin research centers in the world. Since the 1980s, dozens of researchers have traveled to the area to study everything from mother-calf relationships to dolphin dating.
These studies have added much to our understanding of dolphins. Some researchers, for instance, showed that dolphins can use tools — a skill that at one time only humans were believed to possess. At Monkey Mia, the tool is a sea sponge, which the dolphins carry in their beaks, apparently to help stir up food from seagrass beds. Other scientists have tried to understand why some dolphins seem extremely attracted to pregnant women that visit the beach.
Still other studies, such as one by biologist Rachel Smolker, who is featured on Close Encounters, have examined dolphin speech patterns. Smolker and colleague John Pepper found that young male dolphins on the prowl for mates form alliances that appear to be cemented by sound. At first, the two males will have very different patterns of squeaks and clicks. Over time, however, the duo will develop a single, unique signal, perhaps to help them let each other know when an attractive potential date appears.
At Monkey Mia and other dolphin havens, however, development and pollution threaten to disrupt the lives of dolphins. But researchers hope that their work will help fuel conservation efforts. “The more we know about dolphins' social lives and their specific environments,” says Diana Reiss, a Rutgers University researcher, “the better equipped we will be to protect and preserve their diminishing coastal habitats.
(Reuters) - A Los Angeles bus driver was quarantined for several hours on Monday after a passenger wearing a surgical mask claimed they had Ebola, a county transportation official said.
The man, who was accompanied by a woman without any protective gear, boarded the Venice, California-bound bus and told the driver, “Don't mess with me. I have Ebola,” said Los Angeles County Metro spokesperson Paul Gonzales.
After a few minutes, the man dropped their mask and exited the bus with the woman, Gonzales said. The driver told the rest of the passengers to take the next bus, then drove the vehicle to a central bus yard.
“We consider it a high likelihood that it was a hoax,” Gonzales said.
As a precaution, the driver was sequestered for two hours, then taken to a local hospital where they were examined and released in apparent good health, Gonzales said.
Gonzales said officials are reviewing surveillance video from inside the bus to help apprehend the man, and are treating the scare as a terrorist threat.
Dash Point Park and Pier – Tacoma Washington
Video overview of Dash Point Park
[divider_line]
One of my favorite little spots to frequent in the south sound is the Dash Point Park and Pier in NE Tacoma. This cute condensed beach and pier is sometimes referred to as the “Lobster Shop Beach”, because the restaurant by the same name used to own a quaint waterfront location just across from the public parking lot.
Dash Point Park boasts more than 700 feet of sandy beach and was established in 1922. It's the most prominent feature is the popular fishing pier.
Not to be confused with the Dash Point STATE Park located just a few miles to the north, Dash Point Park and Pier offers stunning views of the Puget Sound, along with well maintained restrooms and a kid's playground.
Map of Dash Point Park
Address:
1500 Beach Dr NE
Tacoma, WA 98422
Know of cool spot that you want to share with others? Submit your story at explorewashingtonstate.com/contribute.
Dash Point Park and Pier View of Puget Sound Dash Point Park Fishermen Dash Point Park Telescope Dash Point Park View of Puget Sound View from Pier at Dash Point Park
[divider_padding]
Five people ordered to be detained for 15 days, and government orders seizure of assets of 500 Muslim Brotherhood members
Egypt's top prosecutor has ordered five people – including four journalists working for the satellite news broadcaster al-Jazeera English – to be held for 15 days on suspicion of joining a terrorist organisation and spreading false news harmful to state security.
The order from the prosecutor general, Hisham Barakat, accused the five of belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood, the group to which the ousted president Mohammed Morsi belongs. It alleges that they set up a media network with the aim of "tarnishing Egypt's image abroad and harming its political position".
The journalists were arrested late on Sunday at a five-star hotel in Cairo. The network has demanded they be released.
Also on Tuesday, Egypt's interim government ordered the seizure of assets of more than 500 Muslim Brotherhood and Islamist leaders, including Morsi, as part of an ever-tightening crackdown on the group.
Abdel-Azzem el-Ashri, a justice ministry spokesperson, said a ministerial inventory committee had ordered the "movable and immovable properties" of 572 Muslim Brotherhood leaders to be seized. Another justice ministry official said leaders on the list included Morsi and their family, as well as provincial Brotherhood leaders and members of the General Guidance Bureau, the group's executive body.
A security official said the list also included female Muslim Brotherhood members such as Azza el-Garf, and the wife of the leader, Khairat el-Shater, and their daughter. They said other Islamist leaders included Assem Abdel-Maged, the head of Gamaa Islamiyah, which waged an anti-government insurgency in the 1990s against Hosni Mubarak.
The two officials said the list included those indicted in cases of inciting violence and those who were under investigation or who could be investigated.
The order is part of a wider state crackdown on the Brotherhood, first banned by a court order in September and declared a terrorist organisation by the military-backed interim government last week. The group denies being involved in the attacks and continues to hold near-daily protests demanding the reinstatement of Morsi, who was toppled in a military coup on 3 July after millions rallied against him.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lazar Markovic will have a chance to prove their worth at Liverpool FC next season, despite reports suggesting they could return to former club Benfica.
Portugese newspaper A Bola linked the 21-year-old Serbian with a loan move back to Lisbon, despite only joining the Reds in a £20m deal last summer.
But the ECHO understands the club have no plans to allow Markovic to leave.
Markovic suffered a difficult first season at Anfield, making 34 appearances in all competitions and scoring three goals, largely failing to justify their large transfer fee.
Brendan Rodgers also moved them around the pitch, with the international winger lining up – at times – at left wing-back and right wing-back in the 3-4-3 formation.
Markovic is currently with Serbia ahead of their Euro 2016 qualifier with Denmark and scored a late goal in their 4-1 warm-up match victory against Azerbaijan on Sunday
For the best Reds coverage every day visit our dedicated LFC channel
Credit: DC Comics
Forever Evil #7, DC's event finale that was originally solicited for a March 26, 2014 release and previously delayed to mid-April, has now been moved back to May 21st.
As a result, DC has also moved back the release date of three original April-solicited titles that spin directly out of the story — Justice League #30 and Justice League of America #14 are now also scheduled for May 21, and Nightwing #30 and fellow tie-in Suicide Squad #30 are scheduled to go on sale May 28.
Credit: DC Comics
Justice League #30 introduces Lex Luthor as a member of the team, Justice League of America #14 is the final issue of that series before Justice League United launches, and Nightwing #30, which is also the final issue of that series, follows up on the fate of the title hero. In Forever Evil #6, the fate of Nightwing was in question — although he'd been killed by Lex Luthor in order to stop a bomb hooked up to their heart, the villain told Batman, "it's not too late," implying that Dick Grayson might be resuscitated.
April was originally supposed to be the date when all of DC's comics would jump forward to follow up on Forever Evil. Now, the April-shipping issues may be following up on an event that hasn't yet ended.
The move will also mean the Forever Evil conclusion will happen after the beginning of DC's two weeklies, Batman: Eternal and The New 52: Futures End. Subsequently, we can only surmise that readers can expect Nightwing to be absent from the earliest issues of Eternal.
DC has not publicly indicated why the changes were made and has so far not responded to our inquiries seeking comment.
A foiled plan in Australia to carry out "demonstration killings" in support of Islamic State extremists is raising concerns that a similar terrorist threat could exist in Canada, security experts say.
Australian police carried out a series of raids and detained 15 people on Thursday after they received intelligence about an alleged plot to carry out public beheadings. Court documents allege the plan was formulated at the urging of a senior Islamic State member who is overseas and wanted by the Australian police.
Mubin Shaikh, a former security-intelligence officer who infiltrated the "Toronto 18" terrorist cell in 2006, said there's no reason to believe Canada would be immune from those who might share a similar ideology.
Story continues below advertisement
"You have the same types of people in Canada," Mr. Shaikh said in an interview. "I mean, it is impossible that we can have individuals who are in Syria [and] individuals in Canada who wish they were in Syria – and then to also think they won't be thinking the same way," as the alleged plotters in Australia, they said. "Of course they will be thinking the same way."
Canada's spy agency estimates that close to 130 Canadians are involved in supporting or committing extremist activities abroad, about 30 of whom are believed to be in Syria, where Islamic State militants now control large swaths of territory.
A spokesperson for Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney declined to say whether Canadian officials were in communication with their Australian counterparts about the investigation. "While we cannot comment on matters of national security, Minister Blaney has been clear, terrorism is a serious threat and a global issue. That is why we are working with our allies to prevent and stop terrorists," Jason Tamming wrote in an e-mail.
Mr. Shaikh said the Muslim community in Canada is playing an important role in combatting extremist ideology by sharing information with security officials when concerns arise. They also suggested some community groups could be better funded to help them work with people who might be susceptible to extremist ideology. "It's not a question of hiring more police and getting more shiny toys; it's empowering the communities that are directly impacted by this at the outset."
Ray Boisvert, a former assistant director of intelligence with the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, said there will probably be lessons that Canadian security organizations can glean from the Australian investigation, in part because an individual looking to engage in terrorism will sometimes try to replicate what they know about another group or individual's strategies. In addition, the discovery of one plot can sometimes lead to information about other groups or possible terrorist cells, they said.
It's likely that Australia would have shared information about the investigation with Canada, Mr. Boisvert added, because both countries are part of the Five Eyes surveillance network, which also includes the United States, New Zealand and Britain.
"You can't really ensure that this won't happen in Canada; it's just the nature of it," Mr. Boisvert added. "The advantage always goes to the attackers."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird is expected to address the crisis in Iraq and Syria during a meeting of the UNSecurity Council in New York this Friday.
With a report from the Associated Press
In the world of progressive, grass roots politics, everyone, it seems, is running as fast as they can. That is certainly the impression I have had over the past few years, when almost everyone I know is involved in several social movement activities or individual actions.
Tar Sands Expert Nikiforuk to Speak at UBC read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
But it may actually be the case that some aren't running at all any more -- they are, as a colleague responding to one of my recent blogs suggested, immobilized: "...inundated and overwhelmed by the number of issues that arise on a daily basis. Add to this the sheer complexity of the many issues, the need to understand that complexity and its context in the larger scheme of things, confounded by the shifting and introduction, on an almost daily basis, of new or related issues, and you have all of the ingredients that can promote a kind of social paralysis..."
How do progressives decide on which issues to fight? The question reminds me of my conversations with Myles Horton, founder of the Highlander Folk School in Tennessee and one of the most brilliant and effective leadership-trainers of the past century. They died in 1990, but I remember them describing how Highlander chose community groups to work with. The issue the group was grappling with had to be of a fundamental nature -- one in which engaging in the struggle exposed the root causes of inequality and oppression in the U.S. -- such as the exercise and abuse of corporate power, or racist government legislation or imperialist adventures like the Vietnam War.
Why this rule? Small reforms that power could accommodate did nothing to challenge the system -- or radicalize the activists.
Individuals and organizations in Canada who recognize that the most critical short term political goal we have is to rid the country of Stephen Harper's government might want to engage in a kind of political and strategic triage: what are the three or four key issues that we need to focus on to expose Harper's agenda and to exploit their weaknesses?
Our resources are limited, while the issues that deserve attention on their own merit are endless. So we need to be hard-nosed about the ones we put energy into and those we let pass. Concentrating our efforts on these key issues focuses maximum resources, energy and media attention on the political battles which can alter the political landscape in favour equality, environmental flight attendantship and democracy.
Tar sands: the fight we have to win
One of those issues is the continuing expansion of the tar sands and the pipelines to deliver the stuff to the U.S. and the west coast. If you were going to drop everything to fight a critical struggle, this would be one prime example. It is, in its physical manifestation alone, an obscenity -- a grievous insult to the environment and a symbol of the madness of consumer society's addiction. Oil is like crack cocaine, you know it's killing you but you can't live without it.
The tar sands and pipelines are an environmental disaster regarding the land itself; they consume staggering amounts of water at levels (up to 12 barrels for every barrel of bitumen) and at the same time cause pollution of the water they don't actually turn into steam. They use huge amounts of relatively clean natural gas (almost equivalent to the energy it releases from the tar and using up 20 per cent of total Canadian gas production). The industry is a health threat to anyone unfortunate enough to live downwind of it. Emissions and cancer rates amongst aboriginal people are far above normal. (Canada no longer monitors acid rain so we have no idea what that impact is.)
Corruption and economic decline
The oil industry, as it does in other countries blessed/cursed with carbon riches, has completely distorted both the economy and the politics of the country. Tyee writer-in-residence Andrew Nikiforuk argues that dirty tar sands oil "...is turning Canada into a corrupt petro-state."
Since the first few years of this decade, Canada has been going backwards in terms of the technological content of what it produces -- adding less and less value and producing fewer manufactured goods (and the good jobs that come with them) because of the oil-driven high dollar. Nikiforuk -- their Tar Sands: Dirty Oil and the Future of a Continent should be required reading -- refers to a 2009 study by Luxembourg's Centre for Research in Economic Analysis which stated that "...Canada's oil-priced currency has indeed hammered industries as varied as textile mills, electronics, fabricated metal, and paper. It concluded that 54 per cent of the nation's manufacturing employment losses (nearly five per cent of the workforce) were due to the rapid tar sands development from 2002 to 2007."
It's not just the old industrial economy that has been affected -- the enormous social and economic potential of the green energy, post-carbon economy is not just being ignored by the Harper government and Alberta, it is being deliberately suppressed to ensure oil's dominance. This is corruption, plain and simple. The Alberta government -- if a regime in power for 38 years can even be called such -- has been corrupted by the industry and continuously misleads its own public and federal agencies about the tar sands impact on wildlife, on the health of Albertans and its emission levels.
What do we get for these political, environmental and economic sacrifices? We have saved virtually nothing from all this oil wealth, and our royalty rates are so low as to be criminally negligent from a fiscal point of view. Even the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, that bastion of free market ideology, is shocked at Canada's behaviour. It concluded in a 2008 report that "other nations have shown much more restraint and foresight in managing their resource revenues to mitigate boom-and-bust cycles."
The battle is on
There is a pitched battle going against the tar sands and against the pipelines that will take the bitumen to the U.S. and the west coast. The Northern Gateway Pipeline Project (NGPP) is almost as reckless a proposal as the tar sands themselves and large coalition of some 150 businesses, First Nations and environmental groups is fighting it.
If it goes ahead, not only would it cross the territory of 50 First Nations and intersect with over 700 rivers and streams, its ultimate impact would be to have huge oil tankers plying the waters of the west coast from Kitimat, B.C. south to the U.S. and west to Asia. The $5 billion pipeline is the project of Calgary-based Enbridge Inc., a company with a long record of destructive accidents.
Just in the past month, two of its pipelines have ruptured in the U.S. -- adding to the 278 spills recorded over the past five years.
While this fight may seem like a regional one involving just Alberta and B.C., it is in fact one of the most important political battles facing the country. Focusing attention on it is critical: it challenges corporate power directly; it is the single most important issue in the fight to have Canada reduce its carbon footprint; support for the industry is at the core of Harper's economic policy; and it allows the movement to present a positive, green alternative to the most irresponsible energy project on the planet.
Lastly, it exposes the role of NAFTA in making Canada little more than a gas station for the U.S.
A victory here would have enormous consequences: it could be the taking off point for a fight to re-regulate corporations, remove their access to the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, call for a change to how they are chartered (they now live forever), and expose the political corruption that abusive corporate power always entails. It would also be international: a strong coalition of U.S. groups is also fighting the U.S. pipeline proposal as well as the dirty oil itself.
The coalition of groups may well be successful, and the U.S. might still rule against importing vast quantities of dirty oil from Alberta. But conventional democratic methods will not easily prevail. We have come a long way down the road of democratic decline.
We must, on this issue in particular, begin to imagine and plan for direct action politics, including sustained and determined civil disobedience, a strategy fully justified by the assault on the country that this corrupt industry has unleashed. This struggle could be the seminal fight of the decade, shaping the on-going struggle for democracy and the environment and opening the door to the building of a post-carbon, de-growth future.
Editor's note: The following piece first appeared on Paul Carr's NSFWCORP as part of their coverage of the Colorado shootings. To subscribe, go here.
Sitting in my San Francisco hotel room this morning, watching CNN's coverage of the Colorado shootings, something seemed off.
The visual grammar of covering domestic mass-murder is well-established: blonde lady at a desk, authentic-reporter-looking correspondents on the ground, shaken witnesses giving sobbing testimony. Professional reporters and amateur sources, with the former tasked with making sense of the latter.
But not this time. This time, something jarred.
It took watching two or three interviews, with different young witnesses, to realize what the hell was going on. The slickness, the sound bites, the neat closing summary: These people weren't describing the tragedy, they were reviewing it.
The obvious explanation is, well, obvious. This was a midnight screening of the most nerdily anticipated film of the year. It's not a stretch to imagine that many of those in the audience were gearing up to review the movie on their blogs and Twitter streams, or on Reddit, or wherever it is we're supposed to review films today.
Almost all of the witnesses remarked that their immediate reaction upon seeing a masked man bursting into a crowded theatre was to assume that it was all part of the show. Some were probably excitedly reaching for their cameraphones and thinking about YouTube video captions before the all too real shooting began. It's not a huge shock, then, that an audience gearing up to review one kind of violent drama might have difficulty switching gears when called upon to describe another.
That would also account for the apparent calm with which several teenage witnesses recount watching their fellow movie-goers being butchered just feet away. When we enter a cinema, we're conditioned to suspend disbelief. As Anthony Lane writes on the New Yorker blog, midnight screenings — particularly those where the audience is encouraged to dress up in costume — only heighten that dream-like state. The grim truth is that we very often find ourselves sitting in movie theatres watching people being shot in the face, sometimes in 3D. We scream, we relax, we scoop up another handful of popcorn. Said filmgoer Jamie Rohrs to the New York Times: "You looked up and people were falling. It was like a dream [.]” Exactly.
But even given all of the above, there was still something intensely disturbing about those unnaturally articulate witness statements. Consider the following account from Chris Ramos' interview with CNN. Remember, these words were spoken, unscripted and direct to camera, mere hours after Ramos watched a dozen people being gunned down in cold blood …
"I know that there is evil in the world. I'm not naive about that. There is evil in the world but there is good. The one thing that I want people to know and the main message that I want to get across is not to forget that. To remember the good times of life and the beautiful things. And don't just remember the horrible things about life because life can be a beautiful thing. We just have to be strong and overcome the evilness.
Like the movie of Batman. The true message of it? Standing up against corruption, against evil, against death. Standing up. Normal citizens just standing up to what is right. It's ironic that that happened but that is basically the message that the Batman movies give out. Standing up for something that is right and ‘Even though the times get hard, the darkness is always darkest before the dawn.' The second movie, that is what it said. It is exactly like this.” And here's a shorter quote, this time from "CNN iReporter Adam Witt" …
"I hit the floor and hid behind the seats in front of me, pulling my wife down to hide with me … It was the longest minute of my life. The gunshots just kept coming. I knew it could be over any second. I knew my wife could be gone any second. It was absolutely surreal. I felt something hit my left arm, and my first thought was, 'At least it's just my arm.'"
Those statements aren't simply calm, they're collected. They are the product of a generation used to being invited — expected — to share every moment of their lives with an audience. On Twitter, on Facebook, on Tumblr, on Reddit, on Comet, on Cupid, on Donder and Blitzen.
This is the first generation to innately understand the power of a retweetable sound bite, to just know what it takes to get a comment re-tumbl'd or how to distill a complex argument down to 140 characters. To them, relating a single incident to a wider trend in order turn a "thought" into a "piece" comes as naturally as crawling. In other words, this is the first generation to innately understand the traditional skills of journalism without ever having to set foot in j-school.
And that's what we're seeing on CNN right now. Not — as many of we old-school mediasaurs once feared — a professional news media brought low by amateur "iReporters" and "citizen journalists," but actually the reverse: the professionalisation of amateur witnesses to the point where their words are basically indistinguishable from those of the people holding the branded microphones.
This is both encouraging and horrifying.
Encouraging because any evidence that teenagers are becoming more articulate and thoughtful can only be a positive development, right? But horrifying because — Jesus Christ — the slaughter of 12 people and the attempted murder of 59 others, including a four-month-old baby and a six-year-old child, is not supposed to illicit a thoughtful or measured response. That kind of horror is not supposed to lend itself to neat sound bites or composed, articulate witnesses making facile Batman references as if they've spent their lives talking directly to camera, even if in point of fact they have. No. Witnessing senseless violence is supposed to stun normal people into silence, to shock them to the point where they can barely breathe, let alone construct an inverted pyramid.
That, and a measurable pulse, is how we know we're still alive.
We are pleased to announce the release of Guriddo jqGrid JavaScript 5.3.1. This is a bug fix release with improved support of Bootstrap 4 and adding Font Awesome support.
Below is the list of the additions and fixes:
Addition and Updates
Bootstrap 4 improvements. Updated demo
Support for Font Awesome when Bootstrap 4
Add new option useNameForSearch to search by name on local data and not on index when set.
Bug fixes
Do not include subgrid and other internal columns in addlocaldata for manipulating
Removing badly added grouping == true when set frozen columns.
Fix in addXmlData to add empty string in case CDATA (when set) does not contain data.
Fix grouping when grouSummaryPos = header and there are hidden fields at beginning of colModel. Small optimization in buildSummaryTd.
Fix excluding subgrid column in exportToHtml
Fix exportToHtml to get the labels of header from colNames
Fix apperaing print preview dialog in Chrome (method exportToHtml)
Fix Drag and drop rows (gridDnD method) when drop by name is false.
Fix loadState method when a subgrid has open subgrids as grids
Fix all exporting methods when grouping is enabled
Fix vertical scroolbar for bootstrap 4
Fix setAttributes function in CreateEl to be called as last one when a editable element is created, so that the developer can overwrite the defaults.
Fix subgrid with parent as altRows set for Bootstrap 4
The documentation is up to date.
Enjoy the new version.
Kind Regards
Guriddo Team
What's going on with Massachusetts?
Police in the Bay State city of Charlton have just warned residents about a roving gang of battle rappers who challenge innocent bystanders to “spit some bars.”
Now we learn the police in Westfield fined a DJ for playing the N.W.A. track 'Fuck The Police.'
The incident happened in October. The cops were trying to clear out the appropriately named Shenanigans Pub for being over capacity when DJ Boogy -- 25-year old Kashawn Harris -- put on the N.W.A classic.
"I believed at that time the combination of alcohol, the excessive amount of people in the bar and the song that the DJ chose to play at that time was an intentional act by the DJ to incite the crowd which showed a reckless disregard for public safety," Officer Juanita Mejias wrote in their report.
"I had no intention of inciting a riot," Harris said after they were found guilty. "It was just college kids having fun."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Larry Page, co-founder of Google, plans to make drone deliveries a reality by 2017
Search giant Google has announced a date for the launch of its drone delivery service.
Called Project Wing, the initiative aims to be delivering goods to consumers using the robot aircraft sometime in 2017.
The announcement came from David Vos, the project leader for the delivery service.
Online retailers such as Amazon, Alibaba and others are also experimenting with drone delivery.
"Our goal is to have commercial business up and running in 2017," said Mr Vos during a speech at an air traffic control convention being held in Washington.
No details have been given about what type of drones Google might use for the service nor what type of packages they will be delivering.
Details about Project Wing emerged in 2014. Initially it was run inside Google X - the firm's secretive research lab. It is now believed to be under the control of Alphabet - the parent company that the former divisions of Google now operate under.
For that early work the company built its own drones and flew them in trials in Australia. Early reports suggested the drones would be used for disaster relief or to deliver urgently needed medical supplies.
Google's custom-designed drones can hover and winch packages down to the ground for delivery.
Amazon has already detailed its plans to use drones to deliver goods. It said its octocopters could ferry 2.3kg of goods to customers within 30 minutes of an order being placed.
In addition, in early 2015, China's largest online retailer Alibaba carried out a three-day trial of drone delivery around its offices in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
(08-12) 09:48 PDT Campbell (SF Chronicle) -- A car wash in the South Bay is offering a reward for the identification of a man who deliberately ran over and killed 10 of the ducks that have been an attraction at the business for years.
A grainy surveillance tape at the Delta Queen Classic Car Wash -- a “theme” wash shaped like a Mississippi riverboat -- shows a man in their late teens or early 20s driving through the parking lot three or four times, aiming for the animals and running them down.
“It's sickening,” said Chris Foley, a manager at the business, popular for its duck pond and gift shop and located at 981 E. Hamilton Ave. in Campbell.
The incident happened about 12:30 a.m. on Aug. 5 and at first was kept quiet by managers who hoped the driver would return so they could catch him.
Many of the ducks are descendants of a pair named Cheese and Quackers, a gift to the car wash owners from a customer in 1972. About 15 remained after last Friday's rampage.
Foley said employees turned to the surveillance video after they noticed the dead ducks in the parking lot when they arrived at work. At first, they suspected a careless garbage truck driver, but looking at the tape, they saw that the birds were dead when the garbage truck pulled in that morning.
Rewinding the tape further, they discovered the killer driving a red, two-door Acura Integra with what looked to be a vanity license plate and a parking sticker in the back window. The film is too blurry to make out the plate, so the car wash is asking for the public's help in identifying the driver.
The car wash is offering a $200 reward for information in the attack, which also is being investigated by Campbell police. Felony animal abuse can bring up to three years in prison.
Vanessa Lopez, a cashier at the Delta Queen, said they noticed that during the fowl massacre, a woman was talking on a nearby public phone.
Foley described the film: “He runs over two ducks and then goes out on the street, makes a U-turn, runs over the ducks again, goes down the lane between the back side of the wash and restaurant where a bunch of ducks are sitting and plows right through them.”
The man then got out of their car and started flushing out the surviving ducks, many of them ducklings, from the bushes. They grabbed a couple and either threw them at their car or into their car, Foley said.
The first ducks to be killed were among the oldest, Foley said. “They were like grandma and grandpa,” they said. Over the years, the birds have become like pets, pecking at the feet of employees and following them around. “They're like dogs,” Foley said.
Campbell police Capt. Russ Patterson said there are no leads in the case so far. “We're hoping that the public will be outraged by this thing,” they said. “Clearly it was an intentional act -- driving through and swerving back to hit the ducks sitting there.”
Anyone with information can call the car wash at (408) 377-2525 or Campbell police at (408) 866-2101.
E-mail Suzanne Herel at sherel@sfchronicle.com.
What a nut jobs!
A prisoner wanting a bigger manhood screwed up their “penal” system by injecting petroleum jelly into it, according to a report.
Alexandar Djelic, 46, was serving seven years for theft in a Serbian slammer when a fellow inmate who claimed to be a plastic surgeon suggested the cringe-worthy procedure.
“He told me I could inject my manhood with Vaseline and this would pump it up and make it much larger,” Djelic said.
They arranged for medical equipment to be smuggled into the jail, and injected 80 grams of Vaseline into their member over a four-day span.
“My genitals swelled up and I was in terrible pain,” said Djelic, who was taken to a hospital.
“The swelling was so bad, the doctors had to cut away an outer part of my penis so I can urinate. I was put on a catheter, then got an infection, but survived the horror,” they said.
They also paid a stiff penalty at home.
“The wife left me because they could not see this horror, and no one can help me,” they lamented.
Copies of President Obama's budget for fiscal year 2017 sit on a table in the Senate Budget Committee room in Washington. (Pete Marovich/Bloomberg News)
I suppose I ought to take any sign that the Trump administration will operate by the normal rules of politics, rather than the spontaneous outbursts that defined their campaign and transition, as a good thing. But sometimes the regular beats of politics are stupid, and the early word on Trump's first budget suggests that he's going to use one of the dumber Republican fig leaves: pretending that eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities and privatizing the Corporation for Public Broadcasting are serious parts of a serious effort to cut the federal budget.
First, there's the matter of the numbers. The National Endowment for the Arts requested a budget of $149.849 million for fiscal year 2017, while the National Endowment for the Humanities asked for $149.848 million. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting's funding for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 is $445 million annually.
The total of $744.7 million is a tiny fraction of President Obama's $4.15 trillion budget request. It's less than half of what Jared Kushner paid for 666 Fifth Avenue in 2006. It's only slightly more money than the $713 million in loans Trump reported that they hold in their public financial disclosures. It's less than four times the $200 million in donations Trump's nominee to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos, and their family have contributed to the Republican Party. Anyone who pretends that this is a particularly meaningful amount of money and that getting rid of it would be a serious step toward shrinking the federal government is trying very, very hard to delude the public.
And targeting the arts is a particularly contemptuous, deceptive gesture because the Republicans who periodically propose it often suggest that the only people who care about the arts are elitist coastal liberals who can pay for culture themselves if they care so darn much about it.
But one of the things the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting do is bring the arts and humanities to areas that don't have big museums or lots of wealthy patrons for symphonies, ballets and theater, in addition to preserving and supporting local folk art traditions. And 219 of the 577 television stations that get grants from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting broadcast to rural communities; those stations rely on those grants for a larger percentage of their revenue, and they receive less support from donors than stations in denser areas.
In other words, if the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting go away, those of us who live in big metropolitan areas on the coasts will probably be fine. There may be cuts, and big donors may dig deeper, but our arts institutions and public broadcasting stations will be less vulnerable. The people who would really be hurt by shuttering or privatizing these organizations would be voters who live outside of the coasts or college towns, which often have more vibrant arts communities thanks to the universities.
And you know what? Maybe Republican officials are fine with that. Maybe they don't care about the arts personally, or the tourism revenue that can flow from a museum that has federal support, or the opportunity for kids in their district to get a glimpse of something that allows them to see the world in a new way. Maybe it's just too much fun to tweak liberals or too painful to target corporate subsidies in a way that might make big donors cranky.
But if we're going to have this idiotic conversation every time Congress takes a crack a passing a budget, I wish we could just admit that cutting federal support for the arts and humanities is a way to fight the culture war, not to tackle the federal debt. Anyone who suggests otherwise has marked themselves as lazy and cowardly.
Read more on Trump's 2018 budget plan:
Trump federal budget 2018: Massive cuts to the arts, science and the poor
Trump wants to cut the NEA and NEH. This is the worst-case scenario for arts groups
Trump's budget calls for seismic disruption in medical and science research
Chapter 14: A Hospital Visit, Without Flowers Or Gifts
It's always important in life to ask questions. Like, for example: Why are taxes so annoying at filling out? What really is up or down in space? Who would win in a fight between Guts and Ike? Was the Escaflowne movie only slightly, or crushingly disappointing? How will this chapter play out? Well, I strive to answer at least one of those questions right now. The one about the story, not the others. You'd have to go to someone else for that.
xxx
Around mid-day, Neptune and Blake found themselves gazing at the front of Vale General Hospital. As people went about their business normally (well, as normally as people needing to visit a hospital can), the incredibly unlikely pair was trying to figure out a game plan.
The plan to interrogate Yoshikage Kira required them to accomplish at least three things. First of all, they needed to figure out the room number of the room their suspect was staying in. Next, they needed to cause a distraction to slip past the police guards probably watching the room, as there was no way in hell, they could just walk into that room and expect an interview. Finally, they needed to slip out unnoticed, and make it look like they were never there.
"So…" Neptune asked as they watched an ambulance pass, "Any ideas?"
"A few…" Blake mused, thinking.
They were a ninja, damn it! Well, not exactly, but they were close enough. They had trained in the White Fang to be stealthy and swift. In theory, this should be nothing more than a cake-walk for them But, yet again, they did choose to leave that part of their life behind. Maybe they already began to rust in the time between their desertion and now. Well, there was only one way to find out. Turning to Neptune, Blake began to explain the idea running through their head.
"Okay, we're going to need a distraction, first of all. I'm going to need you to do something while I check the log book. We should be able to get the room number from there. Then, once we got that, we're going to need to sneak in. But, we should watch the room first, to get a feel for it. Sound good?"
Neptune nodded. "Got it."
At that, Blake gave a small nod. The plan was on. The pair began to walk up to the entrance, past all the people, ambulances, and whatever else hospitals service. Passing through the sliding doors, Neptune began to scan around the room.
What they needed was something in there to make a good distraction. Form what they could tell, there were several options. Not that a lot of them were good options, but they were options nonetheless. They could easily start a fight with a random person. But, the security guard would probably stop that pretty quickly. Maybe they could buy a soda from the vending machine and spill it everywhere. Nah, that wasn't big enough of a distraction. Like, they would need something big enough to cause a stir, like a fire or something. Hey, a fire! Now that was an idea. A small fire would not only cause a big uproar, but it would give them and Blake enough time to do the things they needed.
Leaning over to Blake, Neptune whispered, "Get ready to read that list. You'll know when the distraction'll start."
Neptune didn't wait for a response as they walked over to their target. The vending machine probably had some very sensitive wires in the back, which could probably spark and light something easily on fire. Just what they needed.
Calmly whistling, Neptune acted like they were about to buy something from the machine. They took out their wallet, and pulled out five liens. However, they made sure to drop it and make it look like an accident. Neptune only allowed themselves a brief look around as they moved to pick up the lien. However, they "accidentally" kicked the lien under the machine.
That was exactly Neptune needed. They moved towards the back of the machine, acting as if they were trying to find a place to try and pick up their five lien. But, what they were looking for instead was some loose wiring. Ah, there was one. It looked still live, too. Neptune looked around to see if anyone was noticing what they were doing. Nobody was batting an eyelash at him. Perfect. Yanking the wire, it sparked and sputtered with electricity. Without a second thought, Neptune dumped the end of the wire into a nearby trashcan. Something would probably catch on fire in there. Then, they and Blake could move on with their plan.
Casually walking away from the machine, Neptune shoved their hands in their pockets and began to not-so-innocently whistle. Inside their pocket, they rubbed their d20 for some good luck. They could definitely use it for this mission. Heck, maybe they could make up for the ten they rolled earlier.
Walking up to Blake, who was leaning against the far wall, they said to her, "Get ready to look."
Blake blinked. "What'd you do?"
The smoke pouring out of the trashcan and the panicked scream of an elderly lady proved to be the perfect answer to Blake's question.
"You didn't," Blake flatly stated in shock.
"Look, just use it, okay?" Neptune nervously replied. By now several people were screaming, and the fire began to grow bigger.
Angrily grabbing Neptune by the arm, Blake yanked them out of the doors and onto the sidewalk. "You moron!" they chastised. "What kind of idiot lights a fire in a hospital?!"
"I was working, wasn't it?" was Neptune's defense.
"You just drew more attention to the hospital!" scolded Blake. "Think! You just brought a bunch of fire-fighters and cops here! Good job planning that out, hero!"
It just dawned on Neptune how blazingly stupid their plan was. "I guess I didn't think that one through…" they mumbled in defeat.
"No shit!" Blake exasperatedly cried. In their mind, they knew this wasn't the time to stand out in the middle of the walkway and yell at your partner about lighting shit on fire, especially if one was currently flaming inside a hospital. They needed to get out of here before someone put the pieces together.
"Let's go," Blake hissed before speed walking away from the hospital. Neptune tried to sputter something to protect their ego, but they failed. Caving in, they simply decided to speed walk after Blake.
Well, that escalated out of control quickly.
xxx
Weiss and Ruby were enjoying a rather nice meal at charming little café near the airship dock. Currently, Ruby was in the process of eating their fourth cheese crepe, and Weiss was downing their fifth cup of coffee. Vacuo Blend, obviously. Weiss only wanted the best, after all.
"Look, all I'm saying is that a rat could TOTALLY beat a scorpion," Ruby said, cutting apart them crepe.
Weiss sighed. "Ruby, I love you, but you just have to accept that you're wrong sometimes," they lamented, before taking a drag of them coffee.
Ruby shoved a piece of crepe in their mouth before replying, "Oshh? Whysh sho?"
"Swallow," Weiss patiently reminded Ruby.
Following Weiss, orders, Ruby downed the chunk of crepe. "Why so?" they repeated.
"Because, everyone knows that the scorpion's poison would immobilize the rat with pain!" Weiss passionately exclaimed, slamming their mug on the table. Once again, they had allowed themselves to be caught up in their girlfriend's little world, where small conversations suddenly became massive, world shaking debates.
"Have you ever seen a scorpion?" Ruby snapped back. They dropped their fork and folded their arms for emphasis.
That made Weiss pause. "I… No..."
"Exactly! So, how can you defend it if you've never seen it?" was Ruby's (intended) finishing blow.
Weiss' cheeks puffed with petty frustration and anger. "And YOU'VE never seen a fight between the two!" they shot back.
"Oh yeah?! Well, you're… you're… dumb! Yeah, dumb!" Ruby cried in frustration. They were particularly frustrated that Weiss had completely blown through their finishing blow. SO, all they had to fall back on were weak insults.
Weiss, however, was completely taken aback by what Ruby said. "You… you… DOLT! I'm not the dumb one! You are for thinking a rat would win!"
"At least I'm smarter than you, you dumb person!" Ruby said, sticking their tongue out at Weiss.
Weiss was getting more flustered. So much so, that even their own insults were beginning to rapidly degrade. "You stupid girl! You stupid, stupid, girl!"
"Cheese brain!"
"No brain!"
"Dumb-head!"
"Dummy!"
"Dolt!"
"Stop stealing my insults!"
"Make me!"
"No! You make… yourself!"
"You make your face!"
"YOUR face!"
"Your—"
Ruby's insult was interrupted by the sudden sound of Weiss' scroll ringing. The classical string music only grew louder and less muffled as the white-haired heiress pulled their scroll out of their pocket. Looking at the caller ID, Weiss saw that it was Blake.
Pressing the answer button, Weiss held the scroll up to their ear. "Hello?—"
Suddenly, Ruby snatched the scroll out of Weiss' hand. "Sorry, we're busy!" Ruby yelled into the receiver before pressing the end button and tossing the scroll onto the table.
"What the hell was that for?!" Weiss cried, angry at their partner.
"We weren't done talking!" protested Ruby.
"Damn it, Ruby! You're such a child!" Weiss shouted.
"Gah! I hate it when you're like this!" Ruby cried, throwing their hands up in the air.
"I don't like it either, but you make me like this!" Weiss argued back.
"I… UGH!" Ruby grunted in defeat. They wouldn't dare say anything truly cutting to Weiss. As it stood, it would probably damage all the good work done by their therapist. Plus, it would just be plain wrong to use words like "No wonder you see a therapist" or "You need more help than I thought". Ruby would ever say anything like that.
Weiss let out a heavy sigh. "Look… I don't want to fight, okay? Can't we just enjoy our day? Seriously, arguing is the LAST thing I wanted to do today…"
"Me too…" Ruby agreed.
By now, the White Rose pair was tired of debating and arguing. It wasn't healthy in the slightest. So, really it was just best to agree to disagree.
The thoughtful silence was interrupted by classical string music again. Now both Ruby and Weiss stared at the scroll on the table. It was Blake calling again. Ruby blinked at Weiss, before nodding at the scroll.
Understanding what Ruby meant, Weiss picked up their scroll and answered it. "Blake? Sorry about last time. What do you need?"
On the other end, Blake's voice said, "Hey, uh, Weiss? We're… done with the hospital. Where are you, exactly? Like, is it somewhere a fair distance away?"
"We're at the café down the street from the air dock. It's called…" Weiss snapped their fingers, trying to remember the name. "Trussardi! That's it! Yeah, we're in there. Trussardi Café. Wait, are you done getting information already?"
"Well, SOMEBODY botched the deal, and may or may not have done something morally reprehensible. Anyway, I'll just explain when we get there," Blake replied.
The expression on Weiss' face was a mixture of confusion and befuddlement. "Uh… Okay...?" was all they could say to the other end. Just what the heck had gone wrong on their end?
"See you there, Weiss," Blake finally said, before hanging up their call.
Weiss closed their scroll and shoved it back into their pocket. Scratching their neck, they said, "Blake and… Neptune, was it? Yeah, they and they are coming to see us here. Apparently… things at the hospital didn't go all too well."
"Really? Did Blake say why?" Ruby asked, concern creeping into them tone.
"No, but don't worry. Blake sounded fine. But, I wonder how things went bad…." Mused Weiss.
"Well," Ruby said with a wave of their hand, "I'm sure whatever the reason is, she'd find a way out of it."
"…I suppose you have a point," conceded Weiss. If Weiss had one good thing to say about Blake's time in the White Fang, at least it allowed them to slip in and out of sticky situations easily. But, that was the only credit they intended on giving those murderous, degenerate thugs.
"Right?" Ruby smiled. "Now, should we order something for Blake when they get here?". Picking up a menu, Ruby scanned over the food listings. Weiss briefly did the same, before the pair came at a realization at the same time. Dropping the menus, the White Rose pair said at the same time:
"Tuna."
xxx
And… that's it for this chapter! At least I got to answer one of your burning, heating up questions. And, as for the others… fuck it, I don't know. The Escaflowne one is just based on my opinion, so that won't do you any good. I mean, I really like the animation and music, but man, the plot is just flat out disappointing. Well, at least I can just watch the show over again. In fact, I think I'll do that now.
This has been The Draigg, and I'm firing up my DVD player!
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Pride month celebrates lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgender people and more — but not Milo Yiannopoulos.
A Saturday party for the gay conservative and their new book “Dangerous” had to be relocated after Stratis Morfogen, the owner of Jue Lan Club, pulled the plug on the event on Friday.
“I had no idea this was booked. It was told to us it was a gay pride event. We don't get involved or take sides with politics, religion, etc.,” Morfogen told me.
Besides alienating their Chelsea clientele, hosting Yiannopoulos seemed certain to draw protesters, like the masked mobs that tore up the University of California Berkeley campus in February, causing $100,000 in damage.
Yiannopoulos' publicist, who organized the event, said they had to keep the new location a secret. “I don't want to tell anyone. In New York there is no room for other opinions.”
“Angry, bitter leftists have seized control over the Pride celebration and made it a political statement against President Trump,” Yiannopoulos said.
“I am throwing a party for the outcasts, the rebels, and the gay conservatives who speak, think, and live free of liberal demands.”
“Dangerous” already has pre-orders of 65,000 copies and is set to top the best-seller list.
AFL Women's grand final: Free public transport on offer in south-east Queensland to Gold Coast match
Updated
Trains, buses, ferries and light rail will be free in Queensland's south-east on Saturday to attract more people to the AFL Women's grand final on the Gold Coast, Transport Minister Jackie Trad has said.
The Brisbane Lions women's team will take on the Adelaide Crows at Carrara stadium, with the match set to be the curtain-raiser for the men's round one Queensland derby.
The Lions had wanted the event to be held at their home ground at the Gabba in Brisbane, but it was ruled out on Monday because of concerns the grounds would not be safe to play upon.
The grounds were re-turfed after Adele concerts were held at the stadium earlier this month.
Ms Trad said transport would be free from first service to last service on Saturday across the south-east Queensland network - from Noosa and south to the border.
"Some people have been inconvenienced by the game being moved from the Gabba down to the Gold Coast," they said.
"We know if we provide free public transport that we can get as many sports nuts and families along to the game to really enjoy history in the making."
They said it would not be restricted to AFL fans and would apply to all users in Brisbane, on the Sunshine Coast, Ipswich and Moreton Bay.
Ms Trad said the day of free travel would cost the state up to $400,000.
"I absolutely think it's worth it, in recognition of the historic event of the AFL Women's grand final, we do know it's history in the making and we really do need to encourage women in sport," they said.
"We think this is the least we can do considering how much effort the AFL women's team has put in."
Three other major football matches are also being held in the south-east on Saturday, including:
Gold Coast Suns versus the Brisbane Lions at Carrara stadium
Gold Coast Titans versus the North Queensland Cowboys at Robina stadium
Brisbane Roar versus the Melbourne Victory at Lang Park
'AFL are treating women's footy like little league'
On social media, supporters for the Lions women's team had voiced their disappointment that the grand final would open the men's round one competition.
Topics: australian-football-league, sport, people, human-interest, brisbane-4000, qld, australia, carrara-4211, maroochydore-4558, noosa-heads-4567, southport-4215
First posted
I came across a link about M-Pesa on the Bitcoin subreddit with the headline ‘Kenya's M-Pesa mobile payment service is beating bitcoin'. Being a Kenyan, who uses both the mobile money service and bitcoin, it made me think about how the two technologies compare.
M-Pesa is perhaps the most told financial story to come out of Kenya. This is because many in the West find it almost unbelievable that more than a half the population of a country can rely solely on their simply-featured phones to receive, send, and even save money.
Indeed, those rooting for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have received inspiration from this success. Perhaps because both of these ways of dealing with money are digital, some assume that they are competitors.
This perspective ignores the fact that it is feasible they can complement each other in this area, bringing financial services to the unbanked, especially in the developing world. An excellent example in this regard is Bitpesa, which facilitates locals to receive money in their M-Pesa accounts, which is remitted in the form of bitcoins from outside of the country.
Whatever the case, Bitcoin and M-Pesa are fundamentally two distinct technologies.
Single point of vulnerability
First and foremost, M-Pesa is and will remain a centralized solution from a corporate entity, which makes it vulnerable to single-point attacks. For instance, if some smart fellow hacked the server system, the damage that could be done can only be imagined.
Being a centralized platform does expose users to occasional system failures. When this has happened in the past, businesses and individuals have had their daily financial plans and activities ruined.
Once, a friend told me they thought that it was very risky that we as a country depend on a single business entity to handle close to 50% of money flow.
Of course, that is not to say that Safaricom, the company behind the service, is not doing a good job in securing the system. The fact that it is centralized makes the risk all too real though.
It is important to mention that M-Pesa is not the only mobile money service in Kenya. All the other three telecommunication companies in the country have similar services. Safaricom just happens to be a very dominant player.
On its part, Bitcoin is service that will still work even if a disaster hit and destroyed half of the internet infrastructure. In fact, total failure is only possible if there is a total annihilation of what we know today as the internet.
The fee and privacy factors
Another factor that differentiates M-Pesa and Bitcoin are the fees charged on transactions. Currently, the former charges up to 6% of the value transacted. On the other hand, Bitcoin transaction fees are almost negligible, with the distance between the sender and the receiver not coming into play in this regard.
It's also important to note that M-Pesa is a local closed system, while Bitcoin is decentralized and accessible worldwide.
The blockchain, the platform on which Bitcoin operates, is pseudo-anonymous. All your transactions are available for anyone on the network to see, but only if they know what public address belongs to you.
The same sort of issue happens with M-Pesa; records of your transactions are kept under your name and National Identification number. While, unlike on the blockchain, this information is not public, one thing that many people might not be comfortable with is the access that third parties have to it.
This is not only possible through a system security breach, but also through demands made by an authority such as the court, government agencies, or even other financial institutions.
Indeed, taking everything into consideration, it is fair to state that M-Pesa is a huge improvement on what has been on offer. However, Bitcoin, through its decentralized blockchain platform, is a huge improvement on M-Pesa.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
NEW YORK – Anaheim Ducks goaltender John Gibson, who went 5-3-1 with a 1.62 goals-against average, .929 save percentage and three shutouts in 10 appearances, has been named the NHL's Rookie of the Month for December.
Gibson edged Chicago Blackhawks left wing Artemi Panarin (4-7—11 in 15 GP), Buffalo Sabres center Jack Eichel (3-8—11 in 14 GP), Tampa Bay Lightning center Jonathan Marchessault (5-4—9 in 13 GP) and Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere (3-6—9 in 12 GP) for the honor.
Gibson, a second-round selection (39th overall) in the 2011 NHL Draft, shared the League lead in shutouts with Chicago Blackhawks goaltender Corey Crawford (13 GP). They recorded two of their three blank sheets with consecutive 1-0 victories to close the month, snapping the Calgary Flames' franchise-record 11-game home winning streak with a 14-save performance Dec. 29 and ending the calendar year with a 21-save game against the Edmonton Oilers Dec. 31.
Gibson, who has appeared in 41 career NHL games, owns an 8-4-2 record with a 1.63 goals-against average, .932 save percentage and four shutouts in 15 outings this season. They pace all goaltenders in goals-against average, ranks fourth in save percentage and is tied for third in shutouts.
Gibson joins Edmonton Oilers center Connor McDavid (October) and Detroit Red Wings center Dylan Larkin (November) as Rookie of the Month winners in 2015 16.
Logo
Since it sashayed into the reality show landscape in 2009, RuPaul's Drag Race, now in its fifth season, has proven itself to be a glamour queen—which makes sense, given that host and show-creator RuPaul's style of drag could be described as high glamour with an edge. But there are other styles of drag in the world—punk, genderqueer, goth, campy—and when queens on the show dare champion them, the judges tend to be critical rather than accepting. If I could point to one flaw in an otherwise perfect show, it would be this outsized preference for pageant beauty at the expense of everything else.
J. Bryan Lowder J. Bryan Lowder is a Slate associate editor and the editor of Outward. They cover life, culture, and LGBTQ issues.
Regular viewers will rightly point out that Sharon Needles—the very definition of goth with their gallows humor and Elvira-styling—triumphed in Season 4. I was thrilled with that unexpected development and had hoped that it represented an aesthetic turning point on the series. But in Season 5, it appears we're back to glamour-land, with a slate of queens who, with a few execptions, seem to value being “fishy”—i.e., as convincing in their imitation of women as possible—above all else. I challenge you to find a five-minute block of any episode that doesn't contain that word flopping around on deck.
Advertisement
But fishy has its limits, and they were never more apparent than in this week's episode, which featured the Snatch Game, a fan-favorite over the past few seasons. Styled on the 1960s hit Match Game, the contest begins with Ru asking an innuendo-laden question of a duo of guest “celebrities.” The queens, who are all meant to be impersonating specific celebrities (Cher, Madonna, and so on) record their answers on cards. Ru then compares the celebrity answers with the queens' to see if there is a match. This rarely happens; the point of the exercise is comedy, not points.
As you might expect, much of that comedy comes from the impersonation skills of the queens themselves. They not only need to look like their star, but also must channel that figure's idiosyncrasies, clichés, and neuroses to humorous effect—they need to be, in a word, campy. Unfortunately, Monday's edition of the Snatch Game revealed almost all of this season's contestants as fish out of water. Alaska and Roxxxy Andrews were passably funny as Lady Bunny and Tamar Braxton, respectively, but the clear winner of the night—partially because they had no competition—was Jinkx Monsoon as Little Edie, the troubled and transcendent cousin of Jackie Kennedy featured in the canonical camp documentary, Grey Gardens.
Jinkx's interpretation of Little Edie was excellent, and they deserved to win. But, based on the admittedly edited version of events that we saw, none, not one, of Jinkx's peers seemed to know what Grey Gardens even was. And worse than that cringe-worthy ignorance was the embarrassing gall some of the queens displayed in making fun of Jinkx for their camp knowledge. When Coco Montrese, until now a favorite of mine, tried to “read” (that is, artfully insult) Jinkx during the Snatch Game by asking Ru who Little Edie was, I almost felt pity for how stupid they looked. Almost.
I get that a drag queen needs to be capable of glamour and exhibit some facility in working the runway—that's an important part of the job. And to be sure, Jinkx Monsoon could step up their game a bit in that regard. (Her outfits sometimes give a little too much “off-the-rack,” so to speak.) But drag queens, first and foremost, are the high priestesses of camp—or perhaps its monks: They, more than anyone else, must study its manuscripts, illuminating them for future generations through performance. To not even know the title of a well-known classic of the camp canon like Grey Gardens is a sin worthy of excommunication. And forget Little Edie—what about the fact that Ivy Winters didn't even catch the most basic reference to Marilyn Monroe (i.e. “Happy Birthday, Mr. President”) that Ru tried to softball-toss their way during the game? If you were hoping for some Seven Year Itch call-outs, tough luck.
I don't expect every queen to quote chapter and verse—though I encourage it—from every camp movie or figure who ever existed. But these contestants' utter lack of familiarity with the history of their art and milieu was just sad. Being fishy is nice, but ladies, you're not women. You're drag queens, and a huge part of that is camp literacy. Otherwise, you're just one of those weird, humorless, and vaguely misogynistic “gender illusionists.” As far as I'm concerned, until the other ladies stop reading each other long enough to read a book (try this one to start), Jinkx Monsoon is the only gal qualified to call themselves a queen.
INDIANAPOLIS -- A special prosecutor will oversee the case against two IMPD officers accused of wrongfully shooting and killing Aaron Bailey in June.
Marion Co. Prosecutor Terry Curry announced Tuesday that St. Joseph Co. Prosecutor Kenneth P. Cotter had been appointed as special prosecutor in the case.
Curry said the decision was not made based on a “tally of public opinion,” but also acknowledged that concerns over their office's ability to be impartial, real or otherwise, were taken into account.
St. Joseph Co. Prosecutor Kenneth P. Cotter was named today as special prosecutor in the #AaronBailey case. pic.twitter.com/X46kDqkHPg — Jordan Fischer (@Jordan_RTV6) August 22, 2017
“Some have suggested that the perception of the public is often more important than the reality,” Curry said. “In other words, if there are individuals in the public who perceive that the police agency or prosecutor could not be fair and impartial, the fact that the police agency can do so, a prosecutor can do so, is not controllable. We agree and understand that perception can override reality.”
“Having said that,” Curry continued, “let me be as direct and emphatic as I possibly can. We have absolute faith in IMPD and its investigators to undertake a fair, complete, impartial, thorough investigation of this matter. We have the privilege of phenomenal leadership in Chief Roach, and the public has the additional insurance that the FBI is monitoring the investigation.”
Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett released a statement Tuesday praising the decision to appoint Cotter as special prosecutor.
“I applaud today's appointment and I have directed IMPD to fully cooperate with the special prosecutor's office," Hogsett said. "I also want to echo the hope of many in our community that this criminal investigation will be completed both responsibly and expeditiously. Prosecutor Curry deserves our thanks for their efforts to promote transparency and ensure the public's trust in this ongoing criminal investigation.”
Bailey was fatally shot by IMPD officers in June after they fled from a traffic stop near the intersection of Burdsal Parkway and Riverside Drive.
Curry points out they requested special prosecutor in case against Marion Co. Sheriff John Layton's son Nick, several other times over 6 years — Jordan Fischer (@Jordan_RTV6) August 22, 2017
Bailey, who was unarmed, was shot four times by police. Their family said they counted a total of 11 gunshot holes in Bailey's vehicle.
PREVIOUS | Family of Aaron Bailey releases new information about investigation into their shooting death by IMPD
The circumstances of the shooting prompted immediate outrage and calls for a special prosecutor in the case.
In July, the FBI announced it had opened an investigation into potential civil rights violations in Bailey's death. That came after IMPD Chief Bryan Roach asked the agency to conduct a parallel investigation of the shooting.
EXCLUSIVE | Woman inside car with Aaron Bailey during fatal officer-involved shooting speaks out
Curry said they had been considering requesting a special prosecutor for some time, but that the shooting of Southport Police Lt. Aaron Allan convinced them it was a necessary step, since their office would have been handling both cases.
“We are very concerned about the perception that could be created if we as an office are simultaneously prosecuting and individual for the shooting death of a public safety officer while at the same time perhaps passing judgment upon the officer-involved shooting of Aaron Bailey,” Curry said.
The announcement was an emotional one for Satchuel Cole, vice president of Don't Sleep, an Indianapolis advocacy organization which lists its mission ending incidents of “social injustice and political indifference.”
Cole and Don't Sleep have been some of the loudest voices calling for a special prosecutor in the case, and also advocating against a grand jury.
Activist & Don't Sleep VP Satchuel Cole said the #AaronBailey announcement was emotional: "This is not a win. A win is a conviction." pic.twitter.com/xHK09VVCIV — Jordan Fischer (@Jordan_RTV6) August 22, 2017
“It's very emotional,” Cole said, “because Aaron Bailey is dead every day. He's not getting justice every day. This isn't a win. A win is a conviction.”
The decision of whether to file charges, present the case to a grand jury or drop it outright will not sit in Cotter's hands.  They are expected to use their own team to oversee the case, although Curry said their office would make whatever necessary resources available.
The two IMPD officers involved in the shooting have not made a public statement. They have been on administrative leave since the shooting, per IMPD protocol.
RELATED | Man was shot by two officers 'multiple' times | Man killed by IMPD officers was in-and-out of jail, convicted of 14 felonies | IMPD Chief: Officer-involved shooting a 'true test' of relationship between police & community | Daughter of man killed by IMPD: 'We want justice' | Call 6: Warrant issued for man killed by IMPD on the same day they died | Former landlord of Aaron Bailey shares memories, reacts to shooting death | NAACP responds to officer-involved shooting of Aaron Bailey | Mayor Hogsett will implement changes after IMPD fatal shooting
by Philip Damico
Singer-songwriter Father John Misty spoke with British music journalism magazine NME on February 11th about an opinion of theirs that can easily be identified as metamodernist. Misty was discussing their opinion on the comparison of EDM duo The Chainsmokers to rock band Nickelback.
Nickelback are victims of a cultural vortex born of postmodern cynicism – it's become almost taboo to not spit vitriol towards the band at every given opportunity. Negativity regarding the quality of their music is now inseparable from a discussion about them (and many other bands, films, books or other areas of popular culture). The relation of Nickelback's reputation to postmodernism is best described by author David Foster Wallace: “Postmodern irony and cynicism [has] become an end in itself, a measure of hip sophistication and literary savvy. Few artists dare to try to talk about ways of working toward redeeming what's wrong, because they'll look sentimental and naive to all the weary ironists. Irony's gone from liberating to enslaving.” And this isn't limited to Nickelback, or even “bad” artists. Well respected artists and polarizing artists receive the same treatment of being shut down by the people who believe their opinions are truth. Saunter onto a music message board and talk about why you don't like Radiohead, see what happens.
Misty had this to say about Nickelback: “I will ride for Nickelback, OK? … Because this whole Chainsmokers thing I read about recently, when I was wasting time on the internet, and someone wrote some article about how horrible Nickelback is or something. … ‘How You Remind Me' … That's a fucking great song. Have you heard that song? It's great.” Upon being asked what about the song appealed to him, they said: “I don't know. That's the problem with the internet and social media and stuff: the stuff that you like, you can't say what it is that you like about something. If you like something, it's supposed to be beyond the intellectual. But I will ride for Nickelback – I want that on the record. ‘Farmer John Misery – I ride for Nickelback'.”
Postmodern cynicism has largely contributed to the current climate of an almost dialectic attitude in music discussion. Widespread opinions have come to represent truth. There are artists you're supposed to like and artists you're not supposed to like. This could come from consumers of art putting too much faith in critics, but it most likely stems from an emphasis on dialectics over dialogues. This problem reaches its way into many aspects of our lives but a good example of how it functions can be found in online music communities and discussion. People banding together to force their tastes upon one another, operating under the assumption that there are two opposing forces fighting each other – for example, Nickelback fans and non-Nickelback fans, is dialogic thinking. It rejects the idea that there are is a middle ground. Metamodern dialogue doesn't pave over the fact that there are differing opinions at play, it emphasizes areas of overlap between opinions and encourages honesty and discussion rather than overpowering cynicism that gets used as an excuse not to have a discussion.
This is not a defence of Nickelback or an attack on Radiohead. This is an attack on the atmosphere we've created for ourselves in which honesty is frowned upon and a defence of honest expression in art and discourse. Father John Misty speaking out against this is valuable in a world where many artists do nothing but perpetuate it.
Father John Misty's third studio album, Pure Comedy, is out April 7th. Listen to the eponymous first single here.
Advertisements
A 12-year-old boy was detained on Thursday by police from Basibaji village here five days after they staged their own abduction to extract ransom from their mother.Ajay Kumar, a Class VII student, fled from their Medical Colony area home with the help of two friends and reached the village from where they called their mother Manju Devi pretending to be their own kidnapper and demanding Rs two lakh for their own release, SSP Alok Kumar told reporters.The boy's mother, a Class IV railway employee, filed a complaint with the police on July 2 about their son's kidnapping following which a police team, set up to rescue the boy, traced the extortion call to Basibaji village, Kumar said.The police raided the village and found the boy, who revealed during interrogation that they had fled from home with the help of their two friends as they did not want to continue their studies. They wanted to go to Surat to work in a diamond factory for which they needed money, the SSP said. Police also arrested the two friends for colluding with Kumar in the abduction drama.
Lemmy's Tourist Attractions
Lemmy's Tourist Attractions Roy's Sports Hall Lemmy's Captions Best Video Game Music Downloads Lemmy's Art Museum Morton's Basics Larry's Bios Iggy's Casino Lemmy's CDs Lemmy's Chat Room Lemmy's Drawing Board Lemmy's Forum Lemmy's Fun Fiction Lemmy's Funnies Lemmy's Games Lemmy's Game Guides Lemmy's HTML Guide Lemmy's Infostories Lemmy's Interviews King Koopa's Item Chest Susan's Koopa Trading Card Game Little Lemmy's Land Lemmy's Leaders Lemmy's Life Lemmy's Lines Lemmy's Links Lemmy's List of Baddies Lemmy's Madlibs Lemmy's Mario Cartoons Lemmy's Mazes Lemmy's Mysteries Wendy's Phonebooth Lemmy's Photos Lemmy's Polls Ludwig's Quizzes Lemmy's Reviews Lemmy's Scribbles Lemmy's Spirit Page Lemmy's Stuff Lemmy's Super Koopas Lemmy's Thought of the Day Lemmy's Trimmings Lemmy's Updates White Ice Castle Gym
Map: Zack & Wiki
Quest for Barbaros' Treasure
Welcome to Lemmys Land! No passports are required. I am Lemmy Koopa, owner of this Land. As the fun-loving Koopaling, I only allow fun things to get into my Land. I love to read stories, especially about me and my brothers and sister. Therefore, my Land specializes in "Fun" Fiction stories. Between 43 different and unique sections, you should find plenty of things to do. Come in and feel free to enjoy yourself, but remember: having fun is a strictly enforced rule in Lemmys Land! Please jump in and immerse yourself in the fun!
/
Most Recent Update: June 23:
Featuring...
/ The next update is scheduled for June 30. Juanentio and John Koopa are tourists who have submissions in the next update and may Email me to view their published work before then. The next update will also contain work by Fireball, Yosh 3000, and Blade Guy.
/ Warning: Lemmy's Land is constantly under construction. Watch out for ditches and bulldozers. Do not disturb any hard-working construction Troopas. Or the lazy ones either.
/ Lemmy's Land is now years old! Nothing unlucky about that, I think it's a great number! Thank you for helping me keep this site going for so long, for it is your submissions and enthusiasm that has allowed me to do so. Please support Lemmy's Land, the place where Mario's enemies still rule, for another great year.
/ Lemmy's Assistants: Find out who helps me run Lemmy's Land, and maybe even join them.
× ESPN suspends Jemele Hill over tweets
ESPN has suspended host Jemele Hill for two weeks due to “a second violation of our social media guidelines,” the network announced Monday afternoon.
Hill “previously acknowledged letting their colleagues and company down with an impulsive tweet,” ESPN said in a statement. “In the aftermath, all employees were reminded of how individual tweets may reflect negatively on ESPN and that such actions would have consequences. Hence this decision.”
On Sunday, Hill tweeted about Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones having said that any player who “disrespects the flag” will not play. Hill said that “Jerry Jones also has created a problem for their players, specifically the black ones. If they don't kneel, some will see them as sellouts.”
They later said, “If you strongly reject what Jerry Jones said, the key is their advertisers. Don't place the burden squarely on the players.”
“Just so we're clear: I'm not advocating a NFL boycott,” Hill tweeted. “But an unfair burden has been put on players in Dallas & Miami w/ anthem directives.”
The suspension comes weeks after Hill was the center of another controversy, sparked when they called President Trump a “white supremacist” on Twitter.
China forex reserves fall lowest since late 2011
BEIJING - Reuters
U.S. 100 dollar banknotes and Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in this file picture illustration taken January 21, 2016. REUTERS Photo
China's foreign exchange reserves fell $28.75 billion in February, slightly less than expected and easing from a sharp slump in January, suggesting the Central Bank is scaling back its interventions to support the yuan as capital outflows ease.Still, China's foreign reserves declined for a fourth straight month, and the $3.20 trillion at the end of February was the lowest level since December 2011, data from the People's Bank of China showed on March 7.Economists polled by Reuters had predicted reserves would fall $30 billion from $3.23 trillion at the end of January.They had sunk $99.5 billion in January and $107.9 billion in December, which was the biggest monthly drop on record.China's reserves are still the world's largest, but it has been burning through them at such a pace that some think Beijing might soon have to allow a sharp fall in the value of the yuan or back-pedal on liberalization and tighten its capital controls.Capital outflows have increased since China's surprise devaluation of the yuan last August, and have been fanned by concerns about its economic slowdown and expectations of U.S. interest rate rises. That has prompted the central bank to sell dollars in the currency markets to support the yuan.“In February the government instituted a lot of administrative measures, which may have been able to slow down the outflows,” Kevin Lai, chief economist of Asia ex-Japan at Daiwa Capital Markets said in a note.China's reserves fell $513 billion in 2015, the largest annual drop in history.On March 4, the Central Bank's vice governor told the official Securities Times that declines in foreign reserves will moderate this year in line with expectations that the yuan will stabilize. The bank's Governor Zhou Xiaochuan also said during a just-ended G20 meeting that changes in China's foreign reserves were normal.Outflows may cool as the yuan steadies, partly due to a broad-based dollar retreat, but analysts believe the central bank faces a tough job keeping the yuan stable, especially as the economy faces persistent downward pressure.While Chinese officials insist they see no reason for further depreciation, analysts believe the yuan will weaken 3.5 percent against the dollar over the next 12 months, though a sharp, one-off devaluation is not on horizon, according a Reuters survey.The yuan has weakened about 5 percent against the dollar since the August devaluation, but less against a basket of currencies which China is increasingly referencing in hopes of making exchange rate movements less volatile.China's gold reserves stood at $71.01 billion at the end of February, up from January's $63.57 billion, the People's Bank of China said on its website.By volume, gold reserves rose to 57.5 million troy ounces in February, up from 57.18 million at the end of January.Worries about China's foreign exchange rate policy flared again in early January when the Central Bank suddenly allowed the yuan to slide sharply, raising fears it could set off a global currency war.But, as in the aftermath of the August devaluation, authorities quickly and forcefully intervened to head off a sharper slide.
qTox: Free and Open Source Skype Replacement for Linux
Installing qTox in Ubuntu 16.10:
sudo sh -c "echo 'deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/antonbatenev:/tox/xUbuntu_16.10/ /' > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/qtox.list" wget -nv http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:antonbatenev:tox/xUbuntu_16.10/Release.key -O Release.key sudo apt-key add - < Release.key sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install qtox
Installing qTox in Ubuntu 16.04:
sudo sh -c "echo 'deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/antonbatenev:/tox/xUbuntu_16.04/ /' > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/qtox.list" wget -nv http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:antonbatenev:tox/xUbuntu_16.04/Release.key -O Release.key sudo apt-key add - < Release.key sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install qtox
Tox is a peer-to-peer instant-messaging and video-calling protocol that offers end-to-end encryption. There are two popular clients built on top of Tox, namely uTox and qTox. Here we will discuss about qTox, the more feature-rich and configurable of the two.The work flow of qTox video chat client is pretty straight forward. You just need to share you unique Tox ID (the one you get after you sign up) with the person you want to chat. Friend requests pop-up in your screen once it is sent and you can either accept or reject it. qTox is fully featured with support for video/voice chat (picture-in-picture mode for video calls), sending/receiving files, screen-sharing etc. By default, video chat is disabled for security reasons and you need to enable it first in qTox-Settings when you want to video chat.Just copy-paste the following commands into Terminal one by one (keyboard shortcut: CTRL+ALT+T).The first line adds the repository while the second and third line download the key for authentication. Then you update the repositories and install the app, which is 'qtox' here.Installing qTox in Ubuntu 16.04.2 "Xenial Xerus", being the latest LTS release. Same as before, copy-paste the following lines to your Terminal.Done! After installing you can quick-launch the app from Ubuntu launcher, just search for 'qTox'. I have installed the app in Ubuntu 16.04, Ubuntu 16.10 and Windows 10. The video and voice chat worked across platforms. Tried screen-sharing too with Windows 10, but the experience could have been a lot smoother. But as I understand, qTox is still in active development. So you can expect improvements to happen over time. qTox is cross-platform and is available on a wide range of OSes. For downloading qTox for your favourite Linux OS (Arch, CentOS, Fedora, openSUSE supported), follow this link . For Windows and OSX installers, see here . qTox is still very much on the bleeding-edge side of things and we strongly recommend adequate testing before using it on production machines. Thank you for reading. Related: Meet the new Skype for Linux Beta
Sachiya Isomura, who has played cello with the Minnesota Orchestra for 36 years, packed their instrument Monday at Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis as the orchestra prepared to leave for Cuba.
After a whirlwind of preparations, the Minnesota Orchestra leaves today for Cuba, where the musicians will perform two historic concerts.
When the musicians take the stage of Cuba's Teatro Nacional, the shows, broadcast live in Cuba, will mark the first time a North American orchestra has performed on the island in 15 years.
The appearance also will represent a significant achievement for the orchestra, which skillfully negotiated a variety of thorny issues still lingering from the 50-year-old U.S. embargo of Cuba to quickly put the four-day tour together.
Moving the 120-member orchestra and a few dozen others — along with violins, kettle drums and other instruments — to a country that has limited diplomatic relations with the United States is a monumental task. Perhaps equally difficult is transporting the entire group to rehearsals, school visits and two concerts.
Minnesota Orchestra librarian Paul Gunther double-checked Monday that the musicians' music was in order before their trip to Cuba. Jennifer Simonson | MPR News
From chartering a plane to the design of the Cuba tour hats members of the group will wear, the trip involved intense planning.
"This is not just a concert tour, this is a cultural interaction," Minnesota Orchestra President Kevin Smith said during a recent orientation meeting.
Beth Kellar-Long Jeffrey Thompson | MPR News
For weeks, Beth Kellar-Long, the orchestra's general manager, has carried a huge three-ring binder, several inches thick, filled with tour details.
A tour like the one the orchestra is making to Cuba typically takes years to organize, but Kellar-Long said it's a tribute to everyone that they've been able to do it in just months.
"I love solving puzzles like this, so I was thrilled," they said.
The first challenge was obtaining an invitation to the island's annual Cubadisco festival from the Cuban authorities.
That's where Classical Movements came in. The Alexandria, Va.-based company has long arranged tours for the Minnesota Orchestra. It also has deep connections with Cuba.
Stage managers pack the Minnesota Orchestra musicians' instruments in large wooden cases like this when the musicians travel or go on tour. Jennifer Simonson | MPR News
The orchestra needed those connections, because in Cuba, it couldn't simply arrive and rent a hall, said Neeta Helms, president of Classical Movements. There are regulations to satisfy.
"You have to know the right people and you have to know the right steps and the order in which to ask for permission," they said.
After President Barack Obama announced in December that the United States would change its policy toward Cuba — and relax restrictions on travel to the island — several major U.S. orchestras vied to be the first to tour the island.
The Minnesota Orchestra received the first invitation because the organization was willing to travel quickly, said Helms, who traveled to the island to make the arrangements. But they said something about the orchestra's story also appealed to the Cubans.
"They particularly loved the fact that the Minnesota Orchestra has visited in 1929 and 1930," they said. "And they felt that this wasn't one more orchestra jumping on the bandwagon now."
Minnesota Orchestra musicians Peter Kogan (left), David Williamson and Charles Lazarus rehearsed Monday for a planned jazz collaboration with Cuban musicians. Jennifer Simonson | MPR News
While Helms and their team worked on the legal side of things, they also had to weigh the logistics of moving an orchestral army, including some instruments that are so fragile and valuable they get seats to themselves.
"The first thing for us was to find an airplane that could take all the people as well as all the instruments," Helms said.
Because of the size of double basses and harps, the orchestra needed a special plane. Helms said planners looked as far away as South Africa, where a plane that had been used to transport giraffes emerged as a possibility. But eventually they found a suitable wide-bodied jet in the Delta Air Lines fleet that could handle the load.
Another major challenge was finding accommodations for the tour group.
Members of the 165-strong group traveling to Cuba with the Minnesota Orchestra gathered for an orientation session on April 28, 2015 at Orchestra Hall. Among the speakers was Dr. John Hallberg, who is traveling as the tour physician. Euan Kerr | MPR News
"Sometimes you can't get one room in Havana, such is the demand," Helms said. "So for us to find 160 rooms over the right dates was a miracle."
There also are meals to arrange, buses to move people around and contacts to make with local music academies for two educational events. All the arrangements are complicated by the fact that, under federal law, U.S banks aren't allowed to operate in Cuba. As a result, the orchestra must make all of the tour transactions in cash on the island.
The orchestra also is preparing to make temporary modifications to the performance hall, as the Teatro Nacional is a theater with sound-swallowing empty space backstage.
Smith said that forced the orchestra to ship an acoustical shell which will help project the music into the hall — "one that can break down into small enough pieces it can fit into the cargo hold because apparently there are no acoustic shells available in Havana." That required an even a bigger plane from Delta.
Commemorative tour caps rested on instrument cases during an orientation meeting on April 28, 2015 at Orchestra Hall. Euan Kerr | MPR News
The orchestra's tour will have some long-term benefits for Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. Until now, federal regulations barred direct flights from the airport to Cuba. For years, the U.S. government has only allowed direct flights to the island from approved ports of departure such as Miami and Atlanta. That would have meant an extra stop.
The airport requested a waiver from U.S. Customs and Border Patrol. That approval came through last week, opening new possibilities for travel from the Twin Cities.
Editor's note (1 p.m.): An earlier version of this story misspelled Beth Kellar-Long's name. The story has been updated.
Hello Again, Chocolate Mousse
August 7th, 2009 | 72 Comments
One fine day in my not too distant past, I decided to spend my lunch hour milling around the Barnes and Noble. Just a regular day, it was, with the usual rows of books, and the usual cappuccino slinging. As I stood there, leafing through Poker for Dummies, my ears suddenly perked up. It was the store announcer crackling over the loud speaker. They were pleased to announce that in 15 minutes, Jacques Torres would be giving a demonstration and signing books in the main area. Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle!
Needless to say, I did a little jig in the Crafts aisle before bee-lining to front and center. I would get to watch the great Jacques Torres in action and, if I didn't faint by the end, I'd get to sample a dessert! I was beside myself. In those days, Jacques Torres was on PBS and I watched them fling profiteroles at the audience every Sunday. My cheeks hurt from over-smiling.
Too bad that smile faded not 30 seconds later when Jacques revealed that he'd be demonstrating chocolate mousse. Suddenly, an overwhelming drowsiness kicked in. Chocolate mousse was so booooooring. It was in every cookbook, on every menu. Everywhere, like pigeons. Anyone with a whisk and an apron could throw together chocolate mousse.
But I stayed in my seat, because when it's Jacques Torres, you stay in your seat. They began talking and showing. Their moves were very calculated, like they didn't have a gesture to waste. They spoke of different types of sho-ko-laht, as they pronounced it, while they got their bowls in line. The way they spoke was both entertaining and educational. Those years on TV made them a good showman. My eyebrow arched and now I was in.
A few things really made an impression. One was that they favored Valrhona chocolate, but if stranded some place with extremely limited options, they would choose the everyday supermarket Dove brand. They deemed it to be an acceptable substitute in a pinch.
Another thing that struck me was that when they started folding their whipped cream into the chocolate, they spun their bowl really quickly, as though it was a pottery wheel, and dug their spatula in with fervor, a fast chopping motion. Someone from the audience pointed out that folding was supposed to be a delicate affair. Yes, they said. They were doing it “delicately” when compared with another kitchen technique: whipping. Using a whisk is much more violent than using a spatula to incorporate something, they explained. To this day, I fold like Jacques Torres.
In a few minutes, they ladled out the mousse and dropped a couple of raspberries over each sample. Even though they were served in paper cups with plastic spoons, as soon as I had my first bite, I was hypnotized. I closed my eyes and saw myself seated in their 4-star restaurant, Le Cirque. The silver spoon shone as I dipped it in the chocolatey cloud. The texture was dreamy–so ethereal, so sensual, so refined–and yet the flavor was full, cloaking me in it's depth.
I never took chocolate mousse for granted again.
I've noticed over time that most chocolate mousse recipes are essentially the same: melt chocolate, fold in cream. That's why it's imperative that the chocolate be of excellent quality. It's the difference between a mousse that bores and a mousse that stuns. Here's a recipe that I've had so long I'm not sure of its origin, but I think it began in the New York Times. In any case, it's had its share of tinkering and modifications. I love the combo of milk chocolate and caramel used here, but feel free to substitute dark chocolate.
Here are some chocolate brands that make me want to get out of bed in the morning:
40% Jivara Lactee Feves – Valrhona – 3 kg
45% Grand Lait Minigrammes – Michel Cluizel – 11 kg
Whaddaya know? I go for the French stuff.
If you do a lot of baking, buying in bulk makes sense cost-wise, but if you don't want to buy a honking 5 lb box, these brands can often be found in the fancier supermarkets in more manageable 4 or 8 oz blocks. I see Valrhona at Whole Foods all the time.
Milk Chocolate Caramel Mousse
makes 6 servings
recipe can be doubled
I used to be intimidated by the dry caramel method used here until I tried it. Now I think it's far easier than the wet caramel method and will never go back! The sugar doesn't crystallize.
1/3 cup (2.5 oz.) granulated sugar
3 Tablespoons (1.5 oz; 42 g) unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups (12 fluid oz.) heavy cream, divided into 1 cup (8 oz) and 1/2 cup (4 oz)
4 oz. high quality milk chocolate
1. Just 4 happy ingredients!
2. Start by making the caramel: sprinkle a thin layer of sugar in a lightly colored-pan set over medium-high heat. ( A light pan will help you gage the color of the caramel.)
In a minute or 2 it starts to melt. Don't bother to stir or anything.
Sprinkle more sugar. The heat of the already melted sugar will start melting the new addition right away.
Keep adding until all your sugar is in. This may take 2 or 3 additions. It will melt quickly and the edges will color faster than the center. Swirling the pan around helps get the sugar to caramelize more evenly.
In a few minutes, the sugar goes amber, like this:
3. Now you must work quickly to avoid burning the sugar. Sprinkle in the butter lumps, and whisk them in.
4. Now, add the 1/2 cup of cream, but GRADUALLY. The cream will sputter and roil when it comes in contact with the hot sugar. Some of the sugar will seize and harden a little, but keep whisking. It will dissolve.
Here I added a small dribble of cream and whisked it in:
Then I added another dribble of cream and whisked again. How about those angry bubbles?
And the final addition of cream. Ooooh, yeah.
Caramel, all whisked up and smooth. Remove pan from heat and let it rest until we get to it.
5. Meanwhile, take the remaining 1 cup of cream, and whip it to soft peak.
You can see trails in the cream, but it's still kind of droopy and doesn't hold a peak.
Pop this bowl of cream in the fridge to keep it chilled while we melt chocolate.
6. Fill a pot with water and bring it to a boil. Turn the heat down to low, and rest a bigger bowl filled with your chocolate over said pot. This is our faux double boiler. If you have a real double boiler that's been waiting for this special occasion, use it now!
Don't let any water get into your chocolate or you will witness a grainy mess. Gently let it melt, stirring occasionally to help it along.
Oooooh.
7. Once it's completely melted, remove from the heat, and stir in the caramel.
You will notice the texture is mottled and dull, like this. Don't stop here.
Grab a whisk, and work up some elbow grease. You're trying to create an emulsion. Whisk in a rapid, circular motion like you're trying to rev up an engine. Start from the center and whisk outward, in concentric circles. The mix should end up glossy and very smooth. This will make the texture of the mousse luxuriously creamy.
8. Make sure the contents are lukewarm or cooler. (A chance to taste test, in my book.) If the mix is still hot, let it sit until it's cool enough. Scoop about 1/3 of the whipped cream into the bowl and gently fold it in. This will help lighten the dense chocolate and ensure better incorporation of the whipped cream.
It doesn't have to be 100% incorporated yet.
Add the rest of the whipped cream and gently fold that in too, just until all the cream is incorporated.
Here is the final mousse. It's quite loose here, but still has body. It looks like a very thick chocolate drink. Pour it into ramekins or glasses and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight to allow it to set up.
Diggin' in..
Platforms: PC - Oculus Rift
Editor's note: Though Lone Echo is parternered with the multi-player game Echo Arena, the games have since been spun off into distinct releases, so we are reviewing them separately. You can read our review of Echo Arena here.
To say space is a commonly used setting in video games is an understatement. Ever since Spacewar! countless games have used this perfect video game backdrop to great effect over the years, and there's no reason to believe that's going to change any time soon. Space has it all: danger, the great unknown, and a universe full of surprises waiting just beyond the stars.
That being said, you've never experienced space like this.
Lone Echo is the first VR effort from Ready at Dawn, whose resume includes the gorgeous but underwhelming The Order: 1866, and a host of solid PSP games such as God of War and Daxter. This ambitious VR project is a pretty dramatic departure from their previous work, and it's an altogether impressive achievement.
Lone Echo is available exclusively on the Oculus Rift with Touch controls, and is out now for $40.
Narrative and delivery
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-4.jpg
The story of Lone Echo covers familiar ground for sci-fi fans, but the execution is top notch.
You play as a robotic Echo-1 unit named Jack, who works on a mining station near Saturn called Khronos II. You're not alone out there in the cold vacuum; there's a human Captain named Olivia “Liv” Rhodes who runs the ship alongside the player. She's your primary companion for most of the game, and it's through their very charming relationship you come to learn about Khronos and the danger it faces.
That relationship is quickly put to the test as a mysterious anomaly forms nearby the gas giant, and things begin to quickly spiral out of control.
A lonely, derelict space station is hardly a novel setting for video games (think Dead Space or System Shock) and is especially well trod territory for film, (Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey) but there are some interesting ideas that set Lone Echo apart. Chief among those concepts is the two main character's friendship, the almost familial closeness between the lonely Captain and their robot companion.
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-9.jpg You learn about Olivia through optional exploration. When talking to them in their room you can ask about the pictures on their wall, or you can pick up toys they have sitting on the bridge and see what they have to say about them. You can also choose your responses to their questions (or choose not to answer at all), and though I haven't had the opportunity to follow every dialogue chain, I'd imagine exploring those choices adds some replay value and interesting revelations.
This optional character development is very well implemented. I don't enjoy when narrative is forced on the player, but when it's subtly available for the player to find if they're interested, that's a different story. A good story.
The writing is solid all around, and the science fiction terminology seems natural. Ready at Dawn doesn't try to force made up terms down your throat in the service of forced world building. Sometimes it's nice to not have to remember an entirely new vernacular to understand a story, and I say that as a huge Star Trek and Mass Effect fan.
The dialogue is crisp and amusing throughout, and genuinely poignant at moments. This pathos is heavily accentuated by the stellar voice acting, led by the very talented Troy Baker as Jack.
Though it does hit pretty much every popular sci-fi trope you can imagine given the setting (no spoilers here,) the overarching narrative and themes of friendship and survival tell a very human story that is a stark contrast to the sterile and harsh environments you'll be exploring.
Lone Echo is, at its heart, a puzzle game. An environment, movement, and physics based series of challenges that take place on both the station and beyond.
One puzzle might have you scanning radiation cells in the ship's core while the substantially more fragile Olivia walks you through the process from behind a shielded hatch.
Another might have you aligning power couplings in a simple but entertaining matching puzzle, or charging energy cells to start a generator that realign plasma fields to kick-start a fusion reaction.
The puzzles are never terribly complex or challenging, but they are sufficiently varied and creative. They also have a logical consistency to them that feels very natural in the context of the setting.
The stakes get higher as you advance to more dangerous environments. Before long you're frantically trying to reactivate a radiation dampener as your radiation shield quickly expires. You're flying down a hallway avoiding beams of plasma and clearing debris from cooling units, or desperately clearing air vents of alien spores so you can reboot a life support system.
Lone Echo never becomes particularly difficult once you figure out how to proceed. There's no combat, and the penalty for death is very light. When your current body is destroyed, you're simply rebooted into a new “shell” (think Bioshock's Vita-Chambers) to pick up where you left off. The generous checkpoint system means you'll probably get through the single player campaign in about six hours, but those six hours are filled with variation, fascinating sights, great storytelling, and some of the most extraordinary movement I've ever encountered in a video game.
Getting from place to place is a puzzle by itself, because movement is a key part of what makes Lone Echo so fun to play.
Getting around in space
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-2.jpg
Normally when I play VR games I have to address whether movement is good enough. Here, it's an integral part of what makes the game such a joy to play.
Because the entire game takes place in zero gravity, movement consists off of pushing off surfaces, flying across the room to other walls or floors and grabbing on to stabilize or pushing off again. You have a set of light thrusters for small corrections, and movement does increase in complexity as you progress, but overall it's a simple matter of exerting force and steering to your destination. It's elegant in its simplicity, and I had zero issues with comfort throughout my entire experience.
Think about every time you've seen an astronaut or a space movie and wondered what it would be like to move in zero gravity...Lone Echo will let you experience that, and it's extraordinary.
I can't stress enough how fun movement is, especially once you master it. My initial impulse was to zoom around the station as quickly as possible, but I quickly realized it's more fun and rewarding to be precise. It speaks volumes about the enjoyment of zero gravity movement that there are so many options for how you choose to navigate the environments.
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-8.jpg As is to be expected from a high-concept game like Lone Echo, movement is not always perfect. There were occasional collision issues, and alignment of your sensors can have a huge impact on effective locomotion.
Speaking of sensors, I played with only two. It worked fine, though I found it was easier to rotate on a horizontal plane with the right stick as opposed to fully tracked movement. The head tracking works great, but once you get turned around (and you will) the Oculus sensors lose the ability to effectively map your movement. It was still a perfectly pleasant experience, but if you have the luxury of three sensors for your Oculus, I'd imagine movement will be even more smooth and enjoyable.
Graphics / presentation
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-7.jpg
Part of what helps the game work as well as it does are the impressive visuals. A great deal of attention was paid to making sure Jack looks like a plausible robot, and Ready at Dawn very much succeeded. A lot of the game is spent interacting with your hands, and seeing the texturized padding connected over whirring gears and metal tendons never ceased to impress me. The way their hands curve around corners and react to different surfaces with procedural grip animations is unlike anything I've seen in VR, and though it's not perfect, it will almost certainly set a new standard.
Olivia looks great as well; she's a well-rendered, detailed character model who is animated with great care. Them expressive face and excellent voice work lend a great deal of credibility to the story as it unfolds, and it's hard not to become involved in their struggle to survive as the danger escalates.
The environments are remarkable too, and were developed with an architectural cohesion unlike anything I've seen in a VR game. The locales are massive, and without getting into spoiler territory, there are some truly awe inspiring sights to behold in these monolithic structures. There is a small stretch toward the end of the game where the environments became a bit repetitive and less inspired, but overall I was thoroughly impressed.
I did run into two or three game-ending bugs and a few minor graphical glitches, but it's reasonable to assume these will be mitigated with post-release patches. The liberal checkpoint system minimized my frustration with having to restart.
It's not the best-looking VR game I've encountered, but it's up there, and when the size and detail of the environments is taken into account there's no doubt that Lone Echo is a marvelous technical achievement.
A case for space
Lone-Echo-Screenshot-13.jpg
Between the excellent presentation, thoughtful, well told narrative, and the absolutely fantastic movement mechanics, Lone Echo is one of the best VR experiences I've had the opportunity to enjoy. As a single player experience it stands out as an example of what is possible with VR, and I'll be recommending it to any doubters of the medium that still remain.
The few technical issues I encountered aside, I'm looking forward to jumping back in, exploring the dialogue options I missed, and finding the remaining collectibles to unlock the rest of the story.
The fact there is an entirely separate multiplayer component that I haven't even tried yet makes Lone Echo a very easy recommendation for any Oculus Touch owner.
Time to find out if my single player skills translate to wins in the Arena. Wish me luck.
For more VR news and hardware, visit Newegg VR Central.
The government official on the frontlines of the scandal involving a wasteful government conference, U.S. General Services Administration regional commissioner Jeffrey Neely, will invoke their 5 th amendment right against self-incrimination, their lawyer Preston Burton tells ABC News. They won't comment on the $822,751 conference, many of the expenditures for which the GSA Inspector General called "excessive" and "wasteful." They won't comment on the bizarre awards ceremony, or the commemorative coins, the mind-reader/motivational speaker.
Mr. Neely bares a bit more in a photo collection on their wife's Google+ page. There visitors can see photos of Neely staying in a luxurious suite at the M Resort Spa & Casino in November 2009, during one of the eight scouting and off-site pre-conference meetings to prepare for the October 2010 conference.
(Image Credit: Google Plus)
The eight pre-conference trips alone cost the government $130,000, according to the GSA Inspector General's investigation of the 2010 conference. Inspector General Brian Miller has referred their case to the Justice Department for possible criminal investigation.
(Image Credit: Google Plus)
GSA spokesperson Adam Elkington refrained from commenting on the photographs, and Neely attorney Burton also declined to comment.
The pictures suggest Neely and their wife rather enjoyed their stay at the luxurious M hotel, where the conference was ultimately held. The controversy surrounding the wasteful spending at the conference has cost GSA administration Martha Johnson their job, with other GSA officials such as Neely put on administrative leave. The 31 pictures on Deborah Neely's Google+ page are contained in the album "M Hotel@Vegas Nov2009."
The pictures show the Neelys enjoying their stay at the hotel, with Neely primping in the bathroom mirror, enjoying the delicious room service wares, and taking in a soak in the "spa tub." The Inspector General's report states that "GSA spending on conference planning was excessive, wasteful, and in some cases impermissible. To select a venue and plan the conference, GSA employees conducted two 'scouting trips,' five off-site planning meetings, and a "dry run." Six of these planning events took place at the M Resort (the conference venue) itself. Travel expenses for conference planning totaled $100,405.37, and catering costs totaled over $30,000. GSA spent money on refreshment breaks during the planning meetings, which it had no authority to do, and the cost of catered meals at those meetings exceeded per diem limits."
(Image Credit: Google Plus)
The GSA inspector general noted that during scouting trips, GSA "VIPs" "were shown upgraded suites that they received as a perk for GSA contracting with the M Resort" for the conference. "Loft suites have 2,400 square feet of space, two stories, multiple HD televisions and wet bars, and a going rate of $1,179 per night. Flat suites have 1,440 square feet and cost $449-$599 per night. The contract between GSA and the M Resort provided that GSA could have two loft suites for five nights each at the government rate for hotel rooms; GSA used all but one of those nights. GSA also received six flat suites for five nights each at the government room rate, and used 25 of those room-nights. The value of the discount that the M Resort offered GSA for these 40 nights was $21,540."
The pictures appear to be of a flat suite, one that the Neelys seemed quite impressed by, given how many photos they took of the accommodations.
(Image Credit: Google Plus)
-Jake Tapper
The waves have only been made choppier by the fact that the country's unemployment rate of 7.7 percent has been compounded by various recent and much-publicized examples of supposed early or temporary retirement — hello, Hillary Rodham Clinton, Steven Soderbergh, Leonardo DiCaprio and Pope Benedict. Is the preternaturally tanned gentleman who's always at the gym at 3 p.m. a casualty of the work force, or has they simply embraced the elasticized waistband lifestyle? What did your friend who was recently let go from Pfizer mean when they said: “Call me! Anytime after 11 a.m. is usually safe.”?
For the last three years, Miki Yamashita juggled their work as an executive assistant at a top investment bank in Los Angeles with their career as an actor. Laid off in January as part of a companywide staff reduction, they decided they had enough savings to pursue acting and writing full time. However, Ms. Yamashita is now bombarded daily by recruiters wanting to place them at another bank. Moreover, they said, “My nonartist friends regularly ask me if I'm pounding the pavement looking for another ‘real' job.”
Asked what advice they have gleaned from their experience, Ms. Yamashita said, “Don't assume that, if at their last job your friend was a quality inspector at an anchovy canning facility, that they are combing Monster.com all day long looking for job openings wherever salty fish are jammed into containers. Maybe they want to sell their burlap afghans on Etsy now.”
Since last summer, the lapses of decorum that are regularly dealt the jobless have been popping up on Gawker.com. The site has been running a series of letters from unemployed people called “Hello From the Underclass.” One correspondent wrote of how, during their online job searches, the targeted ads on their Web browser changed from helpful vocational prompts to diaper ads. Another individual, let go from a nonprofit organization, wrote, “I even had one person tell me that I was in a better position than they were in because I didn't have to deal with the stress of the office.” It seems that when you live in a world in which friends stop calling you because they think you're a downer, a world in which potential employers don't even bother to let you know that the job you interviewed for has been filled, you encounter static in even the most unlikely instances. A former police officer pursuing a master's degree wrote on Gawker.com: “And you know what doesn't help? Being told it will get better.”
Another bit of politesse that can misfire is the question “How do you spend your time?” Usually asked by a stranger who's hoping to sidestep the awkwardness that can ensue when “What do you do?” is asked instead, asking someone how they spend their time strikes some ears as tortured. “No. We're grown-ups. We do things now,” said James Davis, a comedian and Barack Obama impersonator who appears regularly on “Chelsea Lately.” “If you can't answer ‘What do you do?,' then you don't have a passion. You're just floating from drive-through to drive-through.”
Brampton's decision to lay off 25 managers is a bracing example for Canada's cities.
City halls across the country are struggling with the staggering cost of delivering services to their residents and fixing aged roads, bridges and sewer systems. They have been pleading with the provincial and federal governments for more money and agonizing about whether to impose higher taxes on their residents. Brampton is actually doing something.
Faced with an auditor's report that warned about the city's deteriorating finances, it brought in a new chief administrator, Harry Schlange, to act as a "change agent." After holding consultations, they announced a dramatic step on Tuesday: the city would lay off 25 people, including many senior officials. The city argues that the big shakeup will reduce duplication, quicken decision-making and save $2-million a year.
Story continues below advertisement
Mayor Linda Jeffrey said that with 300,000 new residents expected to arrive in coming years, taking the city's population to 900,000, Brampton is aiming to be more business-like, more competitive and more innovative. "I know change is very difficult," they told CBC Radio, but "I think we've turned a corner."
We'll see about that. Lopping off a tier of senior managers will not alone turn Brampton's sprawling bureaucracy into a marvel of efficiency. Severance will mean $3.5-million to $4-million in up-front costs. All the same, the headline-grabbing decision sends a message that should echo across the country: cities must change how they run themselves, or strangle on their own growth.
Canadian cities have a common problem. They must provide water works, parks, policing, ambulances and a host of other expensive services to growing numbers of demanding residents. Stuck with unionized work forces and hidebound organizations such as the police, they struggle to raise their efficiency. Most cities rely on a highly visible form of taxation, the property tax, that is hard to increase without facing a political revolt. Decades of deferred maintenance means their infrastructure will break down without billions in repairs. Mass immigration to edge cities such as Brampton, just northwest of Toronto, means an ever-increasing call for new sidewalks, bus routes and community centres.
Brampton has seen its population more than double over the past couple of decades. It now boasts of being Canada's ninth largest city. Newcomers, many of them from South Asia, have flooded into sprawling new subdivisions. More than a third of residents speak a language other than English or French at home.
All that growth is a good thing. Brampton is thriving. Drive up its spine, the 410 highway and the evidence of its success is all around: new cinemas, new temples, new warehouses and factories.
But managing that success is tough. In a cautionary report last year, auditor Jim McCarter found that while the city's property-tax revenue had more than doubled over the previous decade because of soaring growth, just about all of that new money had gone to meet the city's ballooning payroll. More planners, more accountants, more parks workers – it all costs money. "With two-thirds of every operating-expense dollar being spent on the city's payroll and almost 75 per cent of city staff being unionized, it will be a challenge to slow the historical rate of growth in operating expenses that has occurred over the last decade," Mr. McCarter wrote.
Even with property-tax increases averaging a healthy 3.9 per cent a year in the five years leading up to their report, with the proceeds of a recent infrastructure levy thrown in, city hall is fighting to make ends meet. The balances in its reserve funds were declining despite all that new property-tax money, Mr. McCarter warned. Unless Brampton learned to live within its means, it would be burdening future generations with heavy obligations.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It's much the same in Toronto itself, where city manager Peter Wallace has read the riot act to city councillors over and over, telling them that the city has billions in pressing needs and no firm plan to cover the cost.
What is refreshing about Brampton is that, under Ms. Jeffrey and Mr. Schlange, it seems to have leadership that sees the challenge clearly and is willing to face it without blinking.
In a flurry of late-night theatrics, the Democratic state senator captured the national stage when they attempted a 13-hour filibuster to kill a controversial bill that would dramatically restrict access to abortions in Texas. If passed, SB-5's strict new requirements would result in the closure of a significant amount of abortion clinics in Texas (a state of 26 million people), and restrict abortions after 20 weeks.
In accordance with Texas rules, Davis was required to speak continuously (and on-topic), forbidden to lean against something for support, or take a break to visit the bathroom or eat.
With just two hours left in the senate's special session–and eleven hours of speaking–Davis' filibuster was brought to an end after three warnings by Lt. Governer David Dewhurst. However, after considerable stalling by Democrats, and almost continuous applause from supporters in the senate galley, the vote was not completed by the midnight deadline, thus accomplishing the initial objective of Davis' action.
Here's a (slightly choppy) video of an elated Davis speaking, immediately after the bill was struck down.
On Monday, Davis tweeted “The leadership may not want to listen to TX women, but they will have to listen to me. I intend to filibuster this bill. #SB5 #txlege.” In preparation for the lengthy event, they asked their constituents to share their stories, some of which they read during on the senate floor.
By late Tuesday, over 120,000 viewers were watching Davis on the Texas Tribune's live stream of the filibuster. On social media, hundreds of thousands of tweets and Facebook posts commended Davis for their defense of women's issues in a male-dominated field, and a Republican-controlled senate.
Find An Event Create Your Event Help WDBX Halloween Costume Ball Garden Grove Event Center (Formerly Sportsblast)
Carbondale, IL Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. We hope you had a great time at the WDBX Halloween Ball! Not Available
Event WDBX Halloween Costume Ball Saturday October 26th is hosting "The WDBX Halloween Costume Ball" at the Garden Grove Event Center (formerly Sportsblast) from 7- 11 PM.
Horderves and cash bar will be available.
Costume contest, games, and prizes !
Live performances from the
Well, Well, Wells (7-9)
and
Hobo Knife (9-11)
Tickets are $30 and will be available at a variety of local business's (locations coming very soon) and on brownpapertickets.com.
*For group rate information (8 or more) contact Dave Armstrong at wdbx911@yahoo.com or call 618-529-5900 Location Garden Grove Event Center (Formerly Sportsblast) (View)
1215 East Walnut
Carbondale, IL 62901
United States 1215 East WalnutCarbondale, IL 62901United States
Categories Music > All Ages
Minimum Age: 16 Kid Friendly: No Dog Friendly: No Wheelchair Accessible: Yes! Contact Email:
support@brownpapertickets.com Attendees Barbara E. Carbondale, IL United States Oct 25, 2013 11:19 AM Barbara E. Carbondale, IL United States Oct 25, 2013 11:19 AM Tess R. carbondale, IL United States Oct 09, 2013 11:07 AM Tess R. carbondale, IL United States Oct 09, 2013 11:07 AM Catherine F. Carbondale, IL United States Sep 27, 2013 8:27 AM Catherine F. Carbondale, IL United States Sep 27, 2013 8:27 AM
BlackBerry has a long tradition of building its own hardware and software, but having fallen on harder times of late, the company was forced to outsource. With the DTEK50, its first mid-range Android phone, it has partnered with TCL Communication and added its own subtle tweaks to a pre-existing reference design.
The result is an all-touch device running a clean-looking version of Android, but with BlackBerry's own useful software on top. Specifications are decent, and for a phone that costs less than £300, you get good value for money.
In a market this saturated, though, BlackBerry is going to have a tough task convincing consumers that the added element of security is a big enough distinction.
To describe it in the shortest, crudest way possible, the BlackBerry DTEK50 is essentially an Alcatel Idol 4 with a plastic back. But that's not necessarily a bad thing.
The lightweight, slim aluminium frame construction - combined with the textured plastic on the back - makes a device that's both grippy and lightweight. From an aesthetic perspective, it doesn't look quite as premium as devices covered in glass on both sides. But unlike those, it won't slide off furniture or slip out of your hand.
A dark grey anodised finish on the frame contrasts nicely with the polished, chamfered edges to give a result that is both elegant and subtle. Sadly, it is slightly hampered by the black plastic antenna gaps on the top and bottom which don't sit exactly flush with the edges.
The slim volume rocker switch on the right edge is coloured to match the frame, and joined by a round "convenience" key. This can be programmed to launch an app, or used as a shortcut to a specific function. You could, for example, press it to compose an email or a message, add an event to a calendar, set an alarm or use one of many other shortcuts available.
In general use, it takes some time to grow accustomed to this new button. Just as it does with any new feature. You have to form new habits by deliberately reminding yourself to use this new button, otherwise it's easily forgettable.
Above and below the phone's screen on the front are two rows of machined holes which act as the grilles for the 3.6W stereo speakers. These are mirrored on the rear too, so whether the phone is face up or down you can hear your music and notifications clearly.
Sound quality is surprisingly good, which makes the experience of watching movies or gaming far more immersive. What's more, the pre-installed Waves MaxxAudio equaliser app allows you to fine-tune the balance of frequencies to suit your own listening tastes. Whether you want to pump up the bass, mid or treble, you can do so right from the app.
The arrangement of ports and buttons on the DTEK50 is a little odd. The micro USB port lives on the bottom edge, the 3.5mm jack is on the top edge, while the power button is - confusingly - on the left edge, opposite the volume rocker.
Underneath a flat sheet of scratch-resistant glass on the front, the DTEK50 shields its 5.2-inch Full HD display (1920 x 1080 resolution).
It's fully laminated, which means there's no gap between the glass and the actual display panel. This has a few benefits: most importantly, it means colours and brightness are better; it also enables manufacturers to build slim phones.
The screen is really clear and text is nice and sharp. Colours are accurate, but there's not the vividness or high contrast levels you might get from an AMOLED-based screen from, say, Samsung. Still, the DTEK50's IPS panel offers great viewing angles and is generally pleasing to the eye.
That means any movie watching, gaming or image viewing is a great experience. Even when the phone is closer than normal to your face, text and curves retain their clarity and don't get all fuzzy. And that's no surprise: a Full HD panel might read as lowly in today's market, but on this BlackBerry it's spread across a pretty small panel, so the pixel density is higher.
The main camera on the DTEK50's back features a 13-megapixel sensor paired with an f/2.0 lens. It supports Full HD video capture too. As a bonus, the built-in BlackBerry camera app has a full manual control mode so that you can fine-tune your shots.
The manual control mode allows you to adjust the shutter speed, white balance, focus and brightness (exposure compensation). If you like to play with long exposures for effects like light-painting and light trails you'll be disappointed that the longest shutter speed available is 1/2 second. Still, the addition of manual changes to other important settings should help you get the results you want.
In use, the camera produces some great results in good lightiing conditions. With HDR (high dynamic range) mode on, photos can appear vibrant and full of life, with great detail.
However, often photos can look a little flat - especially in any condition that's not bright daylight. Even at times when it was very bright, images could come out overexposed and lacking in detail. Furthermore there's visible distortion towards the edges of photos, where colours turn a little yellow.
The front camera has an 8-megapixel sensor and also supports Full HD video recording. It also has a front LED light which - as well as being used as a notification alert - can function as a flash for well-lit selfies. Results are just fine for the odd selfie to share on social media.
Powering the DTEK50 is a mid-range Snapdragon 617 with eight cores. It's paired with 3GB RAM to make sure that you get as smooth a performance as possible from a mid-tier phone - at least that was the idea.
Most of the time the DTEK50 runs smoothly. However, at least once or twice during a single stint of use, the phone has paused or frozen for a couple of seconds before continuing with its tasks. Whether it's gaming, launching the web browser or viewing photos in the gallery, it's almost as if it gets bogged down and needs to take a breather.
In our experience this happens three to four times a day, mostly during gaming. It's frustrating, especially because the phone is otherwise smooth and responsive. During these "pauses" the app becomes completely unresponsive too. It's still possible to go to the home screen, launch recent apps and delete it from memory to reload again, but we shouldn't have to do that.
It's not the first time we've experienced this in an Android phone. The common denominator seems to be the Snapdragon 600-series processor. We'd almost prefer it if the device just stuttered its way through processes, rather than just stopping at random intervals.
Sadly, the DTEK50 comes with just 16GB internal storage. The upside is there's a microSD card slot which supports cards up to a massive 2TB, ensuring that it's future proof. What's more, BlackBerry's latest device supports Android Marshmallow's adoptable storage feature, so you can adopt a microSD card and use it as if it was internal storage for saving apps and app data as well as media.
There's a 2,610mAh battery in the DTEK50 - which BlackBerry says will get you through a day. Even if it doesn't, it supports Quick Charge 2.0 technology for fast charging, capable of half-filling the battery in just 50-minutes.
In our experience, the battery gets through a full day's use, but not much more than that. It can easily get to the end of a day with about 20-30 per cent left to spare. This depends on your personal usage, of course, but we've seen little from the phone to raise concerns against its longevity.
The one exception is if you have a smartwatch connected. Then it may struggle to get to the end of a day, especially if you're a heavy user. In this scenario we've come up short, often needing to plug the phone in again at around 7pm (after just 11-hour's use).
With the Android marketplace being so saturated nowadays it can be hard for companies to put their own unique spin on devices. With BlackBerry, the most obvious way to do it was with software. It was something that worked well on the Priv, and has yet again been implemented in to the DTEK50.
Starting with the most obvious - and where the phone gets its name from - the DTEK app is a very simple tool for checking up on your phone's security. It will tell you the device's current security status and, more importantly, give you access to more granular controls for choosing which permissions are allowed for individual apps.
If an app that shouldn't get access to your location, or the microphone has been getting permission to access, then you can switch the permissions off. You can also see how many times a specific feature or function has been accessed by any app.
Like the Priv, the DTEK app has the Productivity Tab, which slides in from the right and gives you quick access to your upcoming events and tasks, as well as favourite contacts and messages.
BlackBerry has also implemented its great predictive software keyboard for easy typing. And there's the Hub which collects notifications, messages and events from across the device and collates them in to one, easy-to-use inbox.
As well as that, there's the useful pop-up widgets from the home screen. Any app that has white dots under its icon has widgets available, which you can access by just swiping up from the icon. This saves lots of space on the home screen, ensuring you won't have any potentially confidential information always on display.
Along with the added apps and the Hub, there's the software keyboard - which is easily one of the best Android keyboards out there. The software keys are nicely spaced, making them easy to type on. What's more, the predictive text feature lets you quickly swipe up on a single letter to select the next word quickly.
Like many other keyboards you can customise elements like enabling the Swype-like flowing from key to key, adjusting key sounds and feedback, or adding extra languages. As a bonus, it can even have multiple languages installed at once, so if you're bilingual or multilingual you can use predictive text without having to constantly change languages in the settings.
All these software tweaks are joined by a handful of BlackBerry apps like the calendar app, BBM, Device Search, Password Keeper, Notes and Tasks. While many might classes these as bloatware, the company has been careful about including only the software which improves the experience and makes it more BlackBerry-like.
On top of all this, BlackBerry is committed to delivering prompt security updates. So when Google releases its monthly security patches on Android, BlackBerry is usually one of the first to follow in updating its own devices.
The only problem we faced with this software is with the BlackBerry calendar. For whatever reason it merged two different accounts, syncing events from a personal account with a work account. We soon started seeing birthdays from personal contacts appear in the team calendar, which everyone could see, and had to be manually deleted server-side. No other app has ever given us this issue, even third-party ones.
Marsupial mole makes rare appearance in WA
Posted
Aboriginal women in Western Australia's north have encountered a strange, silky-haired mole that is only spotted a handful of times each decade.
The marsupial mole is found only in desert areas of northern and central Australia, and rarely surfaces from underground.
Kate Crossing, who co-ordinates an Indigenous Protected Area in the Gibson Desert, said they were stunned to see one of the animals during a field trip with the local Aboriginal rangers near the Northern Territory border.
"We saw this little golden creature run along the track in front of us, and as I brought the car to a stop, one of our rangers, Yelti, yelled out 'Kakarratul!' and jumped out and grabbed hold of it," Ms Crossing said.
"It was less than the size of your hand, and it's just this golden-coloured animal, with a little pink nose, and it lives almost all its life underground.
"It is so rare to see them above ground, so we were just amazed … we were so lucky."
The women, who are from the remote community of Kiwirrkurra, quickly took some photographs and video footage, before releasing the animal a little way off the road.
Ms Crossing said there was tremendous excitement as they were able to touch the fast-burrowing creature, which they call Kakarratul.
"Some of the people who've spent more time in the desert before [white] contact had seen a mole before, but not for many years, and there were younger people who'd never seen one properly," they said.
"It had beautifully soft fur, and it looked really delicate … but it also had really strong front legs and feet. When we put it down, off the road, it went straight down and it was gone in less than 30 seconds."
Relatively little is known about the marsupial mole, which is so well adapted to living underground it has no functioning eyes or ears.
Topics: animals, indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, kununurra-6743
Graph database + Relational database = ❤
Neo4j 4.1.6 is the last iteration before 4.2.0 which was officially released on Jan. 25th, 2017. One would say, “Why not just use 4.2.0?” Well, 4.2.0 requires Spring Boot 1.5.0 which does not have a release version just yet. So let's focus on the latest Neo4j release version and Spring Boot 1.4.X.
Firstly, install Neo4j. Follow the instructions found on this page. If on a Mac simply run brew install neo4j . When Neo4j is done installing run neo4j start in terminal to start up the database. That is all that is needed to install Neo4j.
Let's dive into the Spring Boot portion. Open build.gradle file and add the following dependencies:
compile "org.springframework.data:spring-data-neo4j-rest:3.4.6.RELEASE"
compile "org.springframework.data:spring-data-neo4j:4.1.6.RELEASE"
compile "org.neo4j:neo4j-ogm-core:2.0.6"
compile "org.neo4j:neo4j-ogm-http-driver:2.0.6"
For this use case, the communication method to the Neo4j database has to be a RESTful call. To achieve this the HTTP driver can be used. There are two other driver options: Bolt and Embedded. This post will focus on using the HTTP driver.
Refresh the gradle dependencies by running ./gradlew clean build in the root directory of theSpring Boot project. After this, we can start configuring the application.
We will need to edit existing / add new annotations within the Java file that contains the application configuration.
Application Class Annotations
@ComponentScan(values = {"com.example"})
This tells Spring Boot to scan all project packages. com.example holds all the classes that pertain to both relational and graph databases. This includes @Controller, @Service, @Entity, and @Repository .
@EnableAutoConfiguration(exclude = {Neo4jDataAutoConfiguration.class, DataSourceAutoConfiguration.class})
This explicitly tell Spring Boot how to set up our datasources. This is why Neo4jDataAutoConfiguration.class and DataSourceAutoConfiguration.cass are excluded.
Currently the application class should look like the following:
package com.example;
import ...
@Configuration
@ComponentScan(values = {"com.example"})
@EnableAutoConfiguration(exclude = {Neo4jDataAutoConfiguration.class, DataSourceAutoConfiguration.class})
public class DemoApplication {
public static void main(String[] args) {
SpringApplication.run(DemoApplication.class, args);
}
}
Datasource Configuration Class
The next step will be to create a configuration file that will configure both the MySQL and Neo4j databases. The annotations for this class file are the following:
@Configuration
@EnableNeo4jRepositories(basePackages = "com.example.graph")
@EnableJpaRepositories(basePackages = "com.example.relational")
@EnableTransactionManagement
@Configuration annotation tells Spring that “This is a configuration file please load it!”. This will generate bean definitions at runtime
annotation tells Spring that “This is a configuration file please load it!”. This will generate bean definitions at runtime @EnableNeo4jRepositories(basePackages = "com.example.graph) will tell Spring Boot to enable all repositories under the package com.example.graph to be a neo4j graph repository
will tell Spring Boot to enable all repositories under the package to be a neo4j graph repository @EnableJpaRepositories(basePackages = "com.example.relational") will tell Spring Boot to enable all repositories under the package com.example.relational to be relational repositories.
will tell Spring Boot to enable all repositories under the package to be relational repositories. @EnableTransactionManagement allows us to use annotation-driven transaction management
Now that annotations are set up let's beginning building out our configuration class.
public class DatasourceConfig extends Neo4jConfiguration
Our class needs to extend Neo4jConfiguration so configuration for Neo4j settings can be set explicitly.
Next, create a configuration bean that will configure the Neo4j database.
@Bean
public org.neo4j.ogm.config.Configuration getConfiguration() {
org.neo4j.ogm.config.Configuration config = new org.neo4j.ogm.config.Configuration();
config
.driverConfiguration()
.setDriverClassName("org.neo4j.ogm.drivers.http.driver.HttpDriver")
.setURI("http://YOUR_USERNAME:YOUR_PASSWORD@localhost:7474");
return config;
}
This method wires up the Neo4j database with Spring Boot. Setting the location of the database with a username and password and we also state which driver we are using. In this case, using the HttpDriver .
The next bean sets the configuration settings in the Neo4j session that is used to interact with the Neo4j database.
@Bean
public SessionFactory getSessionFactory() {
return new SessionFactory(getConfiguration(), "com.example.graph");
}
Another Neo4j bean that needs to be configured is the getSession bean. This allows Neo4j to integrate with the Spring Boot application.
@Bean
public Session getSession() throws Exception {
return super.getSession();
}
Now that Neo4j is almost taken care of let's set up the relational datasource. In this case, MySQL is used. To achieve this, creating a datasource bean as well as a entity manager bean is needed.
@Primary
@Bean(name = "dataSource")
@ConfigurationProperties(prefix = "spring.datasource")
public DataSource dataSource() {
return DataSourceBuilder
.create()
.driverClassName("com.mysql.jdbc.Driver")
.build();
}
@Primary
@Bean
@Autowired
public LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean entityManagerFactory(DataSource dataSource) {
LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean entityManagerFactory = new LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean();
entityManagerFactory.setDataSource(dataSource);
entityManagerFactory.setPackagesToScan("com.example.core");
entityManagerFactory.setJpaDialect(new HibernateJpaDialect());
Map<String, String> jpaProperties = new HashMap<>();
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.connection.charSet", "UTF-8");
jpaProperties.put("spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto", "none");
jpaProperties.put("spring.jpa.hibernate.naming-strategy", "org.springframework.boot.orm.jpa.SpringNamingStrategy");
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.bytecode.provider", "javassist");
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.dialect", "org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5InnoDBDialect");
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto", "none");
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.order_inserts", "true");
jpaProperties.put("hibernate.jdbc.batch_size", "50");
entityManagerFactory.setJpaPropertyMap(jpaProperties);
entityManagerFactory.setPersistenceProvider(new HibernatePersistenceProvider());
return entityManagerFactory;
}
These beans are declared primary because the MySQL database should take precedence over the Neo4j database.
The JPA properties can be tweaked to your liking as well!
The last thing that needs to set up are the transaction managers. These manage the transactions for the relational database, Neo4j database, and then the manager for the overall application.
@Autowired
@Bean(name = "neo4jTransactionManager")
public Neo4jTransactionManager neo4jTransactionManager(Session sessionFactory) {
return new Neo4jTransactionManager(sessionFactory);
}
@Autowired
@Primary
@Bean(name = "mysqlTransactionManager")
public JpaTransactionManager mysqlTransactionManager(LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean entityManagerFactory)
throws Exception {
return new JpaTransactionManager(entityManagerFactory.getObject());
}
@Autowired
@Bean(name = "transactionManager")
public PlatformTransactionManager transactionManager(Neo4jTransactionManager neo4jTransactionManager, JpaTransactionManager mysqlTransactionManager) {
return new ChainedTransactionManager(
mysqlTransactionManager,
neo4jTransactionManager
);
}
The ChainedTransactionManager allows for multiple transaction managers. This means that any transaction that occurs will be delegated to each manager. If the first manager fails, the second manager will then be invoked.
I have created a repository with a demo application that can be found on GitHub.
That's it! The application now has access to both MySQL and Neo4j! Like / comment. All constructive criticism welcomed!
This is my first blog post ever! Wahoo!
Oreburgh Gate
Hey kid! I see you have a shiny new poketch, you can't have been travelling far. You might need this!
The strange man hanging around the cave entrance hands me a HM06.
- Oh, er… thanks?
Helping out newbies is kind of my hobby!
If I still had all 24 if my badges I'd show them a thing or two about book covers and judgement. But I just take the HM06 along with the insult and carry on.
Oreburgh City
I find the gym fairly quickly, it was easy to spot with Barry outside hopping up and down while peering into the windows.
Aw man, the gym leader isn't here yet!
- Well maybe if we look around the city a little we might find him.
Oh, great idea! Imma go north, you go south!
Before I get a chance to respond, Barry is already rounding a corner and out of my sight.
That kid needs to lay off the coffee…
Asking around town reveals that the gym leader, Roark, like to train in a local coal mine. I'd tell Barry but he's nowhere to be seen.
Oreburgh Mine
The mine appears to be quite active, conveyor belts are loaded with coal and whisking it all off to a place I can't see. Several of the miners working down here are also Pokémon trainers and prove to be good practice for Sinclair and Vir.
I find Roark near some loose rocks.
Hello there, young trainer!
- Hi, could I–
See a demonstration? Of course!
- Er..
Here you see a pesky rock blocking our way. Now behold the power of Rock Smash!
Roark has one of their Pokémon shatter the rock, scattering the pieces around.
The rock is now smashed. You could have this ability too but the Hidden Machine required cannot be activated without the badge from my gym!
- About that…
You wish to challenge me? We cannot do battle here, meet me at my gym and we shall battle there!
Oreburgh City
Go Geodude!
- Go Sinclair!
- Razor leaf!
Stealth rock!
Sinclair launches a flurry of sharp leaves that chip away and dig into geodude. Geodude goes limp and lazily rolls to one side.
Go Onix!
- Razor leaf!
Stealth rock!
Onix throws small sharp rocks all around my side of the arena. A flurry of leaves thrown by Sinclair chip away at onix.
- Razor leaf!
Roark twists open a potion bottle and sprays it onto onix and Sinclair throws more sharp leaves that dig into it. Onix flops to the floor with a loud slam.
Go Cranidos!
- Withdraw!
Headbutt!
Cranidos charges at Sinclair and knocks them to one side with it's head. Sinclair withdraws into their shell.
- Withdraw!
Headbutt!
Cranidos chases after Sinclair and headbutts them into an arena wall, Sinclair completely withdraws into their shell as they bounce off the wall and slides to the middle of the arena.
- Absorb!
Headbutt!
Cranidos slams it's skull into Sinclair's shell, upon contact Sinclair absorbs a portion of Cranidos' energy to heal.
- Absorb!
Headbutt!
Cranidos bounces off of Sinclair and has more of it's life drained on contact.
- Absorb!
Headbutt!
Undeterred by Sinclair absorbing life on touch, cranidos smashes head first into Sinclair's shell.
- Absorb!
Headbutt!
Cranidos charges at Sinclair. The quick claw around Sinclair's neck glints, Sinclair pops their head out of their shell, bites cranidos on the neck and absorbs the last of it's life.
Aww man, I lost?
Well done, I award you the Coal Badge!
Meanwhile in Sandgem Town…
Thank you for coming to see me at such short notice. I know you have your hands full right now but I believe this could be of greater importance in the long run.
I've come across a suspicious individual. They go by the name of Caldar.
He'd said to me that he'd become champion in foreign lands. When I checked for their name I could only find a few references from between ten and forty years ago.
References to individuals who had taken part in rather questionable acts in Hoenn, Kanto, Johto, a rather extraordinary incident in Unova, and don't even get me started about Kalos!
At first I thought it couldn't possibly be the same individual but the photos I found all show a very similar, if not the same, person.
I find it quite remarkable that such a person could retain such a youthful look for all those decades but also how they seem to be at the centre of events involving large criminal organisations.
Which is when I thought of you and your current investigation…
Thank you for bringing this to my attention! It could very much have something to do with my investigation into Team Galactic. I am reminded of my first investigation as a detective for the International Police.
I seem to remember a Caldar from back then too, but they had vanished by the time I arrived in Unova. Perhaps he's the true mastermind of the criminal organisations like the Plasmas and the Rockets!
And then there's this Professor Oak too. Tell me, mister Looker, what do you know about time travel…?
Voting for the legacy egg is open!
The brains of some deceased athletes, including NHL players, show four stages of a degenerative disorder that offer a glimpse into the potential long-term impact of brain injuries, U.S. researchers say.
The degenerative brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) is associated with repeated brain trauma. It can lead to memory problems, emotional problems, behavioural problems such as loss of impulse control and eventually dementia.
Now researchers at Boston University have used post-mortem tests on the brains of 85 men aged 17 to 98 and interviews with family members to describe four stages of CTE, compared with neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Of the 85 men with histories of repetitive mild traumatic brain injury, researchers found evidence of CTE in 68, including 64 athletes, 21 military veterans and one person who showed head-banging behaviour.
Dr. Ann McKee of Boston University School of Medicine has examined the brains of deceased athletes to document stages of a degenerative brain disease. (Chris O'Meara/Associated Press)
"This study clearly shows that for some athletes and war fighters, there may be severe and devastating long-term consequences of repetitive brain trauma that has traditionally been considered only mild," Dr. Ann McKee, of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at Boston University, and their co-authors concluded in the journal Brain.
The subjects included 33 men who played in the NFL, one in the CFL, four in the NHL and seven who had been professional boxers. The researchers also examined the brains of 18 cognitively normal people the same ages with no known history of mild traumatic brain injury.
The NHL stars found to have CTE were Reggie Fleming, Derek Boogaard, Bob Probert and Rick Martin.
Interviews with relatives and loved ones of brain donors pointed to these symptoms:
Stage 1 – Headache and loss of attention and concentration.
Stage 2 – Depression, explosive behaviour and short-term memory loss.
Stage 3 – Executive dysfunction, such as impaired ability to organize thoughts and make decisions, and cognitive impairment.
Stage 4 – Dementia, difficulty finding words and aggression.
Worsening of brain degeneration was associated with decreases in brain weight and more severe cognitive problems on the staging scale, the study's authors said.
"There's no evidence that a few isolated, well-managed concussions give rise to this disease," McKee said. "It's actually a very long-standing exposure to repetitive brain trauma, and that can be subconcussive injury."
Unlike Alzheimer's disease, the clinical course of CTE is slow with about 11 to 14 years between stages, the researchers noted.
Type of head trauma questions
They cautioned the findings can't be generalized to CTE in living athletes and veterans. That's because families of people who showed behavioural or cognitive symptoms would be more likely to participate in a brain donation program than families of normally functioning individuals.
To overcome this problem, the researchers called for future studies to include those who experienced mild traumatic brain injury and did not develop behavioural or cognitive problems.
Former defensive lineman Tim Fleiszer played in the Canadian Football League for 10 years.
Fleiszer estimates they had 60 to 100 concussive episodes during their career, including three major ones. They don't have any symptoms and plans to donate their brain.
"I think unfortunately you still see people that are associated with games like hockey and football and rugby who are resistant to acknowledging the fact that this is an issue," Fleiszer said.
Fleiszer said he's concerned that if the problem continues unchecked then parents will not let their children play sports and enjoy the personal development that comes with athletics.
Fleizser now does work with the Sports Legacy Institute, which tries to advance the study, treatment and prevention of brain trauma.
McKee's team is planning to study more retired NFL athletes at death as well as more veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan with histories of blast injuries.
Questions that remain include how much head trauma causes the condition, what type, how often and at what age people are most susceptible.
The study was funded by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Translational Research Center for Traumatic Brain Injury and Stress Disorders, U.S. National Institute of Aging, Sports Legacy Institute, National Operating Committee on Standards for Athletic Equipment, Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans hospital and the National Football League.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Courtesy: WESH
By WESH, WNCN Staff - LAKE COUNTY, Fla. - Police in Florida said an argument over a peanut butter sandwich led to a violent situation in Lake County, WESH reported.
WESH spoke to the woman involved, who didn't want to be identified.
"He turned into a monster," the victim told WESH.
Keith Davidson, 46, was arrested Sunday for battery against their wife.
"When I went to go grab the peanut butter, I hit the cup of milk. The cup of milk fell on the floor," the victim told WESH.
According to a 911 that was released, the victim could be heard yelling in the background, saying their husband ripped their shirt off and threw them on the floor, WESH reported.
Police told WESH that Davidson used their wife's head as a mop to clean up the spilled milk on the floor.
Davidson told the 911 operator that their wife threw their peanut butter and jelly sandwich on the floor.
Davidson was arrested, but was released on a $1,000 bond, WESH reported.
WESH contributed to this article.
bloxxerstudios asked: Wow. You are really an SJW! I mean, I have rights to respect your opinions and everything, but, from your people moving slow post, you act like your disability is more important then anyone elses, when some people can't even move or walk...
Uh, hi, I use a wheelchair much of the time. Most people who move slow who are in the way do not actually have an excuse to be moving slow. It is much more likely somebody has decided they need to take up the entire sidewalk while on their phone or chatting with their friends instead of moving to the side.
POTS means that if people aren't keeping the fast lane clear, I'm at risk of collapsing and going to the hospital myself. People who go slow stay on the right so other people can pass them. Sometimes there isn't space and that's the fault of poor design. Most people with walkers or canes or without mobility aides who know they go slow understand this perfectly well, too, so there isn't a problem.
Don't be an asshole.
A 38 North exclusive with analysis by Jack Liu.
Summary
The latest North Korean nuclear test at the Punggye-ri test site apparently surprised the international community as there were few indicators seen before it took place. Unlike the 2013 test, when heavy activity was seen in the weeks prior to that test, very little preparation activity was visible leading up to the 2016 test. This is because the North Koreans have continued to improve their operational security and concealment procedures, limiting what is visible to commercial imaging satellites.
Analysis of commercial satellite imagery collected shortly before both the 2013 and 2016 nuclear tests reveals a noticeable difference in the way preparations were conducted, with reduced visible signatures of a forthcoming test prior to the 2016 event. Additionally, tunnel excavation at the West Portal made distinguishing between test preparation activities and continued construction and maintenance difficult. As North Korea proves more adept at evading monitoring by commercial imaging satellites, additional methods will be necessary to address future monitoring challenges.
2016 Test Location
Since the reported nuclear test on January 6, 2016 at 01:30 UTC, various organizations have refined the initial epicenter estimates to be situated under approximately 700 m of granite near the peak of Mt. Mantap.[1] Figure 1 shows a 3D visualization of the estimated locations and uncertainty in the 2009, 2013 and 2016 tests. The individual estimates are considered horizontally accurate to 250 m, in contrast to the original raw estimates that had uncertainties of about 10 km.[2] A technique called cross-correlation applied to the 2016 seismograms compared against the 2009 and 2013 data produced the refined estimates.[3]
The accuracy of locating each of the tests relative to each other and their associated tunnel portals has now significantly improved so that reasonable relative depths of burial can be determined. The 2016 case shows that the test device was buried significantly deeper than previous tests, suggesting that the North Koreans expected a greater yield; for instance, the 2013 test was buried about half as deep as the 2016 test. Nonetheless, the seismic yield was nearly the same, suggesting a failure to achieve the intended higher yield. The fact that this test was advertised as the first “H-bomb” test further supports the argument that the North intended to achieve a higher yield than it actually did.
The cross-correlation technique compares the 2016 seismic data against data from the 2013 and 2009 tests to calculate time differences of arrival. The seismic propagation speed allows these time differences to be expressed as position offsets between blast epicenters. By matching these offsets against the 2009 and 2013 test locations, the 2016 test epicenter is as indicated in Figure 1, 700 m from that of the 2013 test.[4] The 2016 epicenter is deeper than those of the other two, almost under the mountain peak and about 2 km from the North Portal tunnel entrance. The apparently larger spoil pile than those of the previous test tunnels corroborates the implication of a longer tunnel.
Figure 1. Epicenters of North Korea's 2009, 2013 and 2016 nuclear tests.
It is interesting to note that the 2006 test was conducted in the East Portal, which leaked radioactive gases that were detected soon afterwards. In contrast, no radioactive gases were detected from the 2009 test, conducted from the North Portal under Mt. Mantap. The paper by David Coblentz and Frank Pabian examines the geology of the Punggye-ri area and concludes that all the test tunnels since 2009 and those yet to be used, including the North, West and South Portals, are under a type of granite (Tokuriedo Diorite) that is particularly impervious to gas leakage.[5] That is not the case with the rock at the East Portal, and quite likely the reason why it now appears to be abandoned. With the abundance of sound, gas-tight granite, there may be room under Mt. Mantap for several more tests, making additional tunneling at the North Portal a likely scenario.
Figure 2 is an image of the Main Support Area taken approximately 40 minutes after the 2016 test. In this image, people and vehicles are visible, likely looking north at Mt. Mantap. In figure 6, a few personnel can be seen at the North Portal, who were either present at the time of the test or quickly driven up to the site afterwards. Regardless, their presence meant they were confident that the detonation would be well-contained, substantiated by the fact that there have been no reports of radioactive gas releases.
Figure 2. Activity in the Main Support Area 40 minutes after the 2016 nuclear test provides evidence of a fully contained detonation.
Fewer Indicators and Different Patterns
Commercial satellite imagery from before the 2013 and 2016 nuclear tests shows an inconsistency in preparation activities, making indicators of an imminent test less obvious.
In 2013, test preparation indicators at the North Portal and Main Support Area were visible as early as two to three months prior to the detonation. Among these indicators were tracks on the ground made by vehicles and people, the presence of a SATCOM antenna dish at the North Portal, a larger than normal number of people in the Main Support Area and what might be a covering of some sort strung across the portal to obscure the entrance area.
Figure 3. Possible test related activity at the North Portal prior to the 2013 nuclear test.
Expand
Images © 2016 DigitalGlobe, Inc. All rights reserved. For media licensing options, please contact [email protected]
Figure 4. Possible test related activity at the Main Support Area prior to the 2013 nuclear test.
Expand Fig4a_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4b_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4c_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4d_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4e_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4f_Punggye-16-0201 Fig4g_Punggye-16-0201
Images © 2016 DigitalGlobe, Inc. All rights reserved. For media licensing options, please contact [email protected]
However, in 2016, there were few activities noted in pretest imagery that could be directly associated with a forthcoming test. For example, some disturbed spoil was identified on the adjacent tailings pile about three weeks prior to the test, and a single vehicle was present at the North Portal the day before. Notably, vehicle tracks and foot patterns were not visible at the Main Support Area immediately prior to the test. But these indicators could have also been associated with other activities, such as regular maintenance of the facility.
In short, North Korea's evolving operational security and concealment procedures will make it more difficult to assess the nature of activities at Punggye-ri in the future. Additionally, it is likely that the North Koreans have adjusted activities to avoid being seen when commercial imaging satellites pass overhead as most of these are designed to image between the hours of 10 AM and 2 PM local time.
Figure 5. Possible test related activity at the North Portal prior to the 2016 nuclear test.
Expand Fig5a_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5b_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5c_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5d_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5e_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5f_Punggye-16-0201 Fig5g_Punggye-16-0201
Images include © 2016 DigitalGlobe, Inc. All rights reserved. Images also include material Pleiades © CNES 2016. Distribution Airbus DS / Spot Image, all rights reserved. For media licensing options, please contact [email protected]
Figure 6. Possible test related activity at the Main Support Area prior to the 2016 nuclear test.
Expand
Images include © 2016 DigitalGlobe, Inc. All rights reserved. Images also include material Pleiades © CNES 2016. Distribution Airbus DS / Spot Image, all rights reserved. For media licensing options, please contact [email protected]
Future Monitoring Challenges
Since North Korea's operational security and concealment procedures are proving more adept at evading monitoring by commercial imaging satellites, additional methods will be necessary to address future monitoring challenges. One way to accomplish this task is through “data fusion”—the combining of information from disparate sources for improved spatial resolution, time diversity and expanded observables coverage to close monitoring “blind spots.” Such sources may include: 1) “data mining” over the internet for news, reports of associated activity, technical papers, etc.; 2) using infrared sensor data to look for activity generated heat; and 3) synthetic aperture radar (SAR) to monitor activity event at night.[6]
_______________
[1] Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, CTBTO Technical Briefing, January 7, 2016, https://www.ctbto.org/the-treaty/developments-after-1996/2016-dprk-announced-nuclear-test/technical-findings/; NORSAR, “Information on North Korea's nuclear test on 6 January 2016”, http://www.norsar.no/norsar/about-us/News/North-Korea-nuclear-test-on-6-January-2016; and USTC/SEIS, “North Korea's 2016 Nuclear Test Location and Yield: Seismic Results from USTC,” last modified January 6, 2016, http://seis.ustc.edu.cn/en/201601/t20160106_234881.html.
[2] CTBTO Technical Briefing; NORSAR; USTC/SEIS; Miao Zhang and Lianxing Wen, “High-precision location and yield of North Korea's 2013 Nuclear Test,” Geophysical Research Letters, no. 40 (2013): 2941– 2946; Steven J. Gibbons, “Detection and Location of the February 12, 2013, Announced Nuclear Test in North Korea,” NORSAR Scientific Report 2-2012, June 2013, http://www.academia.edu/4943283/Detection_and_Location_of_the_February_12_2013_Announced_Nuclear_Test_in_North_Korea; Frank Pabian and Siegfried Hecker, “Contemplating a Third Nuclear Test in North Korea: A Closer Look at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site Using Commercial Satellite Imagery and Google Earth,” Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, August 6, 2012, http://www.thebulletin.org/contemplating-third-nuclear-test-north-korea; Lianxing Wen and Hui Long, “High-precision location of North Korea's 2009 Nuclear test,” Seismological Research Letters 81, no. 1 (2010), http://geophysics.geo.sunysb.edu/wen/Reprints/WenLong10SRL.pdf.
[3] Frank Pabian, “Getting Closer to Surface Ground Truth Zero” (presentation, CTBTO Science and Technology Conference 2015, Vienna, Austria, June 22-26, 2015); David Coblentz and Frank Pabian, “Revised Geologic Site Characterization of the North Korean Test Site at Punggye-ri,” Science & Global Security 23, no. 2 (2015), 101-120, doi: 10.1080/08929882.2015.1039343; and David P. Schaff and Felix Waldhauser, “Waveform Cross-Correlation-Based Differential Travel-Time Measurements at the Northern California Seismic Network”, Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America 95, no. 6 (2005), 2446–2461, doi: 10.1785/0120040221.
[4] CTBTO Technical Briefing.
[5] David Coblentz and Frank Pabian, “Revised Geologic Site Characterization of the North Korean Test Site at Punggye-ri,” Science & Global Security 23, no. 2 (2015), 101-120, doi: 10.1080/08929882.2015.1039343.
[6] The paper by Pabian, et.al. takes a detailed look at what is available and how data fusion might be accomplished, see Frank Pabian et al., “Recent Developments Promoting Open-Source Geospatial Synergy: Emerging Trends and Their Impact for Nuclear Nonproliferation Analysis” (paper presented at the INMM 56th Annual Meeting, Indian Wells, California, July 12-16, 2015). Frank Pabian's European Commission Joint Research Center Report discusses in detail how repositories of open source aerial and satellite imagery can be applied to help monitor nuclear activity, see European Commission, Joint Research Centre, “Commercial Satellite Imagery as an Evolving Open-Source Verification Technology: Emerging Trends and Their Impact for Nuclear Nonproliferation Analysis,” by Frank Pabian, EUR27687, 2015, available from http://publications.jrc.ec.europa.eu/repository/bitstream/JRC97258/reqno_jrc97258_online%20version%20pdf.pdf.
GREG Eden has earned a trip home to the UK after being named in a 19-man NRMA Insurance Broncos squad to play against the Wigan Warriors in the World Club Series.
The English fullback is in their second year at the Broncos and impressed enough in Saturday's 48-26 trial win over the Cowboys in Bundaberg.
It booked them a seat on the plane to England when the Broncos depart for the northern hemisphere later this week.
The Broncos will play the Wigan Warriors at DW Stadium on Saturday 20 February.
Eden scored two tries from the back against the Cowboys in the trial match played in extremely wet and muddy conditions.
While Darius Boyd will assume their usual custodian's role at Wigan, Eden is in the mix for a wing spot in the game.
Hooker Travis Waddell and forward Herman Ese'ese also earned spots to England after playing well in last week's trial.
Outside back Tom Opacic will head to the World Club Series for the second straight year after making the most of space and limited minutes in the Auckland Nines tournament over the weekend.
Opacic scored two tries against the Sea Eagles in the Broncos' first pool match, including an amazing dive and put down in the corner as defenders converged.
The match against the Wigan Warriors will also be Queensland Origin front rower Josh McGuire's long-awaited return to the field after rupturing their Achilles' tendon in June last year against the Newcastle Knights.
McGuire was set for a comeback last weekend until a minor hamstring strain put them on ice.
They will get the chance to resume hostilities in England however after proving their fitness for the big trip.
2016 BRONCOS WORLD CLUB SERIES SQUAD
Adam Blair
Darius Boyd
Greg Eden
Herman Ese'ese
Matt Gillett
Alex Glenn
Jordan Kahu
Andrew McCullough
Josh McGuire
Anthony Milford
Kodi Nikorima
Corey Oates
Joe Ofahengaue
Tom Opacic
Corey Parker
James Roberts
Sam Thaiday
Travis Waddell
Jarrod Wallace
Coach – Wayne Bennett
Adult OR Junior Captain's Memberships / Baby OR Pet Memberships = $30
Junior Memberships for 2-5 year olds OR 6-14 year olds = $60
4-Game Flexi Memberships = From $120 Adult / $50 Junior for ANY 4 home games
12-Game Season Memberships = From $210 Adult / $140 Junior for ALL 12 home games:
(Adult = From $18 per game / Junior = From $12 per game).
Please click here to see ALL Season 2016 Memberships OR call our friendly Membership Team on 1300 46 2766 to join over the phone quickly and easily.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. La Monica. Other than Time Warner, the parent of CNNMoney, Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie, La Monica does not own positions in any individual stocks.
Remember that Bitcoin bubble? The price of the virtual currency rose as high as $266 in early April when everyone was worried that problems with banks in Cyprus could lead to a huge euro disaster.
The mainstream media (CNNMoney included) started doing stories about investors snapping up bitcoins, and bars and doctors accepting payment via the digital currency. It became clear that Bitcoin was starting to look a bit like the 21st century version of tulip mania.
The Cyprus crisis ultimately ebbed and the value of bitcoin promptly plunged to $54 from $266 in a matter of days. The price roared back to about $150 later in April but quickly retreated to around $70 by early summer.
Related: How porn links and Ben Bernanke slipped into Bitcoin's code
Many people then quickly forgot about Bitcoin. It seemed destined to become 2013's financial equivalent of the pet rock. Or #Linsanity. Remember him, Knicks fans?
But a funny thing has happened in the past few months that hasn't gotten a lot of attention. Bitcoin has bounced back sharply from its lows. The price is now around $212. And some investors think it could soon hit new highs.
At first blush, the rally doesn't appear to make sense.
If the United States had actually defaulted on its debt, that might have been a good reason for Bitcoin, as well as gold, to surge. The dollar would have looked a lot weaker in a post-default environment and investors could have been more willing to flock to currencies that aren't subject to the whims of dumb politicians.
But the default didn't happen.
There's also the issue of online black market Silk Road, which was shut down by the FBI earlier this month. That site, which only accepted bitcoins as payment, was infamous for allowing users to surreptitiously buy illegal drugs and hardcore weapons.
The value of bitcoins did dip the day that Silk Road was shut down. But prices have since resumed their rally.
Related: Why the Silk Road bust could help Bitcoin
So why is Bitcoin still popular among investors? One bitcoin owner (and they literally own just one bitcoin) says it's simply a case of supply and demand.
"It's not about the news and headlines. There is a finite supply of bitcoins being released," said Leigh Drogen, CEO of Estimize, a site that crowdsources earnings and sales forecasts from a wide group of investors.
Bitcoins are "mined" by a complicated computer algorithm that's designed to ensure that there are never more than 21 million bitcoins in circulation.
>
According to Bitcoin website Blockchain, there are currently about 11.9 million bitcoins in circulation.
"The more people that want to own bitcoins, the more the price will grow. The gradual adoption of the platform is driving the price higher," Drogen adds.
One of the main allures of Bitcoin is that the supply will never get too high. Critics of good old-fashioned paper currencies like the dollar, euro and yen complain that their value can be manipulated (usually not for the better) by central banks that turn on the printing presses when they see fit. Sound familiar?
Still, Drogen admitted that investing in Bitcoins is very speculative. So don't sell all your stocks and bonds and put the money into that proposed new Bitcoin ETF that the WInklevoss twins of Facebook (FB) fame are launching.
Related: SecondMarket beats Winklevii to the punch with Bitcoin fund
"I own one bitcoin just for the hell of owning a bitcoin because I want to understand it," they said, adding that they bought it several months ago. They didn't disclose the price they paid. But thanks to the recent rally, that investment is in the black. And he's not planning to sell it anytime soon.
"People are afraid of what they don't understand. But that's often when you can make the most money," they said.
However, investing in Bitcoins is not for the faint of heart. Drogen is advocating a buy-and-hold strategy. Many traders are trying to quickly move in and out of the cryptocurrency. And that's dangerous.
The relative scarcity of bitcoins has led to extreme price volatility on a daily basis. There is no central exchange to buy and sell bitcoins either.
Drogen even joked about how many Bitcoin investors get together in the real analog world to trade them. There's a monthly gathering in New York's Union Square Park that they went to once. They said it was like what the stock exchanges used to be when people and sheets of paper outnumbered machines.
"It's strange. Bitcoins are such a new technology but people meet and trade them in an old school way," they said.
Related: Bitcoin is more powerful than world's fastest supercomputers
Of course, people still trade them online as well. And if you look at Mt. Gox, one of the more popular sites for trading bitcoins, prepare to be nauseous. Bitcoins traded as high as $233.40 today and as low as $175.30. You could sail an aircraft carrier through that price gap.
Drogen thinks the idea of a digital currency will be around for a long time, though they conceded that Bitcoin may not be the ultimate winner.
"The idea of a cyrptocurrency is not going do die. Even if Bitcoin doesn't survive, something else will emerge," they said.
But that's all the more reason to play it safe with Bitcoins. If you want to plop $200 and change on one bitcoin, there are worse things you could spend your money on. Just don't make bitcoins a major part of your portfolio.
Reader comment of the week! These are dark days for two iconic retail chains: J.C. Penney (JCP) and RadioShack (RSH). A tweet by stock market analyst Brian Sozzi prompted me to joke that the two should join forces. But one reader had a brilliantly sarcastic retort
@LaMonicaBuzz @BrianSozzi the #DOJ wouldn't like this because they would have a monopoly on the race to a stock price of 0. — Jassem el Mahmoud (@jemfinancial) October 22, 2013
Ouch! Well-played. Although it would still be nice to get a free haircut for my kids at the Shack next time I need a pack of D batteries.
American Horror Story: Coven no doubt left you with visions of bull-head-wearing slaves and soul-sucking witches dancing in your head. So, before you try nodding off after viewing such nightmarish images, allow us to present you with a cauldron full of spoilery, jaw-dropping twists to come this season, courtesy of scoop-happy executive producer Ryan Murphy.
QUESTION | The premiere feels a bit lighter than anything seen in Horror Story seasons past. Was that intentional?
Last year was so dark and grim and hard, but I loved it. But this year was designed to be scary, make no doubt, but more fun. I heard a lot last year, ‘I love it but it's hard to sit through.' So I wanted this year to be easier to sit through. A little more light in tone.
QUESTION | What's the dynamic between Jessica and Kathy's characters moving forward?
Jessica plays this great Supreme witch who also happens to be the world's biggest liberal. They bring Kathy's Madame LaLaurie back to the house, and the arc for them is a little bit about [how] even though she's the most powerful woman in the world, she's still fighting aging and struggling with that. They don't want to die and wants to live forever. So, they realize that Madame LaLaurie has been given something to make them live forever, so she's trying to get to that — she's holding Kathy Bates' [character] ransom. [Laughs]
Interestingly enough, they start to find out about the horrors of that character, who's a real woman who actually did all the things we showed you… and worse. So, they make Madame LaLaurie be Queenie's (Gabourey Sidibe) personal slave as payback. Through that relationship, they have an entire season of guilt and remorse and finally learning about the gravity of what they did.
It's a meditation on race relations in this country. There's a very strong arc about the Salem witches and the Voodoo witches and can't we all get along to fight our common enemy. It really is an allegory for any minority group in this country. Them stuff with Kathy, in the second episode they have an entire scene where they taunt them with a chicken leg, which is quite funny… I just spent the weekend with [Kathy], and they said it's their favorite part she's ever played. They love the comedy and the costuming.
QUESTION | Will we see Angela Bassett in the present day, as well?
Yes, in the second episode Fiona finds out that Marie Laveau — who is also a real person — has put this spell on Kathy's character. It turns out Marie Laveau runs a hair salon called Cornrow City where she's gone undercover… And [Jessica says to her], ‘I want the eternal life stuff.' And Marie says, ‘You give me back Madame LaLaurie. I know you dug them up'… So, that begins the war. Those two are also quite amazing, Angela and Jessica.
QUESTION | How were each of the girls' powers decided upon?
We thought a lot about it, and we researched a lot about the Salem witches — some of these powers, actually, the girls back then [were] prescribed to have had. The ability to f–k someone to death actually was a real [one], I think. I love the Nan power, the ability to read minds… I always love the clairvoyance thing that Emma Roberts' [character] has. But we researched all that Salem stuff. We have a lot of Salem flashbacks throughout the year, where the girls learn about their ancestors. And more people come into the show, other witches to that house, and they also have very specific powers. And the great mystery is which of these people you have met is the Supreme? And who is going to take Fiona's throne? …We really don't find out until Episode 12 who that is.
QUESTION | Does that mean Jessica's character will become a threat to students?
Oh, they kill one of them in Episode 3 — she's not giving it up! [Laughs] Fiona thinks she's found out who the Supreme is, and that person gets killed. She's not giving up that throne, no way.
RELATED | Cable Renewal Scorecard: What's Returning? What's Cancelled? What's on the Bubble?
QUESTION | Talk a little about Evan's involvement this season and how they come back into play.
Evan's story kicks off in Episode 2… I've always been very obsessed with anything Mary Shelley. So, that's another thing that we deal with: the Frankenstein. In Episode 2, the big girl story is that Taissa Farmiga's Zoe and Emma Roberts' Madison go to the morgue, because Zoe is obviously in love with Evan's character Kyle. They find out that the boys are badly, badly mangled and decapitated, so Madison decides to build the perfect boyfriend. They take Kyle's head and other parts that they desire and creates this thing and they use a spell — and that's their arc; that's their season. He's brought back… or not. And they fall in love with them and [wants to] rehabilitate him, but of course they can't be with them because she'll kill them again.
Evan loves that part because, for the first six episodes, they don't speak. We had to do a lot with body language and mime. I made them watch Bride of Frankenstein several times. [Laughs] It's a great part because he's such a great physical actor. And it's very different than what they played last year, which I think [the cast all] really loves.
QUESTION | Was it always the plan to pair up Evan and Taissa again?
I love that relationship, and I loved them together; I thought they had really good chemistry. To me, that's in the tradition of movie stars who work really well together, [so they'll] make four or five movies together… I thought that I wanted to write something for them, a love story. But I wanted it to be different. It's shocking to me how much Taissa has grown up. They finished Season 1 and then they went off to make [The Bling Ring] and there was really no part for them [in Asylum], so after Jessica and Sarah [Paulson], she's the one I called in. They liked it; they love working with Evan, and Evan loves working with them It's odd that Evan's girlfriend [Roberts] is also on the show, but I've made that work. [Laughs] I like doing that because there's a shorthand and they're comfortable. I think the fans like that that love story is reincarnated in some weird way in that myth of the show.
QUESTION | Does Coven have its own version of Bloody Face or Rubber Man?
[The] arch-villains of the season are probably The Minotaur, from the cold open of the premiere, and The Ax Man. Those are the two mythological creatures of this season.
QUESTION | Sarah's character Cordelia seems to be repressing their powers. Will their arc involve embracing their inner witch?
I was always fascinated by the dynamic of the show Bewitched. And then I thought, ‘Well, what would happen if Samantha listened to Endora and want completely bats–t dark crazy?… What would have happened [if she'd said], ‘I don't want to be normal, I don't want to be suburban, I want to be dark'? [Laughs] So, Sarah starts off very prim and proper, and then there's something that happens to their character around Episode 5 that forces them to realize, ‘OK, my mother may be right.' And that's also a great dynamic to play — an off mother-daughter who really don't like each other.
Where Sarah starts and where Sarah ends up is completely the opposite of where she's playing in that first episode. It was hard for them to play that, very buttoned up and prim. They like to vibrate and do stuff that's a little more out there… But they get to, soon enough. [Laughs]
QUESTION | Is Frances Conroy's character secretly based on infamous Vogue creative director Grace Coddington?
[Laughs] Did you get that I copied Grace's hair? She's got Grace Coddington's hair and then she's got [fashion columnist] Diana Vreeland's voice. [Laughs]… She's amazing, I love that character. [Her character Myrtle] is truly [Fiona's] nemesis. There's an entire episode where we show them and [Fiona] when they were 18 at the school and why they became bitter rivals. Fiona was very deadly, even as an 18-year-old. That was fun because we got to cast an [teenage] Jessica Lange.
Myrtle's really, really funny and very specifically stylish and odd. They mention The Council in this first episode, so those people come back and are quite flamboyant. It turns out one of them is a male witch — played by Leslie Jordan, who I love — who's modeled on Truman Capote. It turns out if Jessica Lange is your friend, you can have a bestseller time and time again and again. It's fun in that way. We find out real-life people who we say are witches — it's very fun and peculiar and pop-culturey.
QUESTION | Does the snake image in the promotional poster manifest itself at all this season?
Yes, there is a three-way. [Laughs] … That is a clue that I don't want to say too much about.
QUESTION | Can fans expect the usual hints about Horror Story‘s next chapter in either the penultimate episode or finale of this season?
Right now we're writing Episode 9 or 10, so I will definitely get that in. I always thought it would be cool — and I think I might do it this year — to have the finale end then I announce what next year's show is by using some sort of visual thing. I think I'm going to try that this year because people would really love it… I think the last image of this season will be, “This is what you're getting next year,” and we'll announce the title.
The end of this story was updated Oct. 25 to correct the comment period (from 60 to 45 days,) to list the deadline date for comments and to provide a link to a BLM website with more information regarding public input — Ed.
Seventeen sage grouse scientists, 14 of whom hold PhDs, have told Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke that changes to greater sage grouse plans may cause continued population losses and land the bird on the threatened or endangered species list.
Studies by western wildlife managers suggest greater sage grouse numbers are declining 1 percent a year, the scientists wrote Zinke on Oct. 13. That long-term trend led federal officials several years ago to decide the grouse warranted protection under the Endangered Species Act, they wrote.
“But this decision was overturned largely because of … regulatory certainty,” the scientists said. That regulatory certainty came with changes in 2015 to 98 Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management plans that would benefit grouse and their habitat.
Zinke ordered a review of those 98 plans. The resulting report recommended changes to allow more oil and gas drilling, plus fewer restrictions on livestock grazing, among other things. If that report is followed, the scientists say, it will detract from efforts to stabilize or increase sage grouse numbers and improve their habitat — efforts that are necessary to keep sage grouse off the list of threatened or endangered species.
Potential listing of sage grouse is a point former Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell made to WyoFile in an interview in Jackson in August. Now that warning has the imprimatur of 17 avian scientists.
“If significant changes were made to the work that was done, the consequences could be a listing of the greater sage grouse,” Jewell said in August. “And that would result in the control of these landscapes being taken from the states and overseen by the federal government, and nobody wants that.”
Stockgrowers tout grazing benefits
Wyoming Stockgrowers Association, a group that filed suit against Jewell's 98 land use plans, has asked courts to delay considering its legal action, Executive Vice President Jim Magagna said. “We agreed to further stay to see how all of this comes out,” they told WyoFile last week.
One of the group's main worries is that the plans largely require grazers of public lands to leave behind grasses and forbs that are at least 7 inches high. If the so-called stubble-height requirement is not met, federal agencies could restrict grazing, they said.
“A lot of sagebrush habitat in Wyoming doesn't even grow 7 inches,” Magagna said.
Groups opposed to public-lands grazing would complicate the picture by pressuring land managers to enforce the standard, Magagna said. Every time feds make a determination that less than 7 inches is OK, they would be challenged in court by anti–grazing groups, they said. “
More recent research – to some degree — refutes that 7-inch requirement,” Magagna said.
There are other reasons to support grazing, they said. Because sage grouse chicks depend on insects for food, properly grazed pastures are a boon to their survival, they said. “There are more insects in them because of the cows and manure,” Magagna said. “There's more science that needs to be looked at.”
Changes across 67 million acres
The 17 authors of the letter to Zinke said the western landscape — 67 million federal acres — has been widely degraded by grazing as native forbs and grasses have been replaced by species more tolerant to stock. This happened “over a relatively short time period of extensive overgrazing during drought conditions in the early 1900s,” they wrote. Even reduced numbers of livestock today have only “slowed the rate of vegetative degradation.”
Among other things, the authors also dismissed a recommendation that Zinke pursues sage grouse farming, calling it “currently unnecessary.” They said there is “no evidence” to support recommendations for widespread predator control, and that any focus on population numbers should not come at the expense of habitat improvement.
The group says its three principal concerns are that Zinke's recommendations have the potential to reduce viable habitat, limit managers' ability to influence human-caused disturbances, and limit their ability to improve vegetation.
The group applauded some aspects of the report and said the science community is available to consult on conserving sage grouse and their habitat on federal public lands.
Zinke said on Oct. 11 they would take comment on the report for 45 days. The deadline for comments is Nov. 27, according to the BLM, which issued a notice outlining procedures for submitting comments and links to other information.
Permits can be suspended for major violations. Suspensions are lifted when violations are corrected.
Chelas Mexican Grill, 29975 Alicia Parkway, Laguna Niguel; plumbing in disrepair; permit suspended Oct. 29.
Baja Fresh Mexican Grill, 26548 Moulton Parkway, Laguna Hills; rodent infestation; permit suspended Oct. 29, reinstated Oct. 29.
Daphne's California Greek, 13250 Jamboree Road, Irvine; cockroach infestation; permit suspended Oct. 28, reinstated Oct. 29.
AME Food, Inc., 3160 E. La Palma Ave., Anaheim; reason for suspension not given; permit suspended Oct. 27, reinstated Oct. 27.
Karachi Tandoori Halal Restaurant, 315 S. Magnolia Ave., Anaheim; operating without a valid health permit; closed Oct. 27, permit instated Oct. 27.
M3 Live Bar & Grill, 2232 S. Harbor Blvd., Anaheim; operating without a valid health permit; closed Oct. 27.
Nguyen Anh Quan, 9629 Bolsa Ave., Westminster; operating without a valid health permit; closed Oct. 27, permit instated Oct. 27.
Daphne's California Greek, 12420 Seal Beach Blvd., Seal Beach; cockroach infestation; permit suspended Oct. 27, reinstated Oct. 29.
D & H Donuts, 1841 W. Lincoln Ave., Anaheim; operating without a valid health permit; closed Oct. 27.
Mariscos Hector Sports Grill, 1208 E. McFadden Ave., Santa Ana; ongoing food-borne illness investigation; permit suspended Oct. 27, reinstated Oct. 29.
The Woods California Bar & Grill, 120 W. Wilshire Ave., Fullerton; operating without a valid health permit; closed Oct. 27, permit instated Oct. 29.
Juice It Up, 6610 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine; insufficient hot water; permit suspended Oct. 27, reinstated Oct. 27.
Zpizza, 12430 Seal Beach Blvd., Seal Beach; cockroach infestation; permit suspended Oct. 26, reinstated Oct. 27.
Pick Up Stix, 12430 Seal Beach Blvd., Seal Beach; cockroach infestation; permit suspended Oct. 26, reinstated Oct. 27.
Happy Teriyaki & Sandwiches, 352 S. Main St., Orange; rodent infestation; permit suspended Oct. 23.
Knowlwood, 2107 E. 17th St., Santa Ana; fire or other disaster damage; permit suspended Oct. 23, reinstated Oct. 23.
Seaside Donut Bakery, 2108 W. Oceanfront, Newport Beach; cockroach infestation; permit suspended Oct. 22, reinstated Oct. 27.
Permit status on OC Health Care Agency website.
South Sudan's vulnerable financial state is making the civil-war-torn state easy prey for opportunistic oil and gas companies that could be offering Juba a fraction of the energy profits they would earn under stable circumstances.
Read more
The South Sudanese government and three humanitarian agencies declared a famine in some parts of the country in February, while the newly independent nation is desperately trying to bring its oil back online. A string of deals signed by President Salva Kiir over the past four months has demonstrated the country's desperation for fresh streams of revenue as the civil war now approaches its four-year anniversary.
“The government is working hard to reinvigorate the petroleum industry in South Sudan by creating an enabling environment for international oil and gas companies to invest and operate,” according to Petroleum Minister Ezekiel Lul Gatkuoth. “It is up to the oil companies to come in, explore and produce. Partnership is what fuels the oil industry.”
The East African reported this week that oil companies with regional headquarters in Kampala, Nairobi, Addis Ababa, as well as several European cities are setting up meetings with top South Sudanese officials, and Kiir's administration is happy to oblige the invitations.
Toward the end of last year, Suiss Finance Luxembourg AG announced a $10.5 billion deal that could rise to $105 billion in value when joint ventures in infrastructure and transportation are taken into account. While some may view this as a large stepping stone toward bringing back its oil revenues, Kiir's critics were quick to attack the leader over the deal once news broke, referring to what they called “shadowy” business people from Kampala who had brokered the contract.
Another recent deal involves Oranto Petroleum, which has committed to a $500 million “comprehensive exploration campaign, starting immediately” to evaluate oil prospects in the 25,150 kilometers that make up Block B3. Juba approved the block a couple of weeks ago, giving Oranto a 90 percent share, while keeping only 10 percent for the government's Nile Petroleum (Nilepet). Oranto is a subsidiary of Nigeria's Atlas Petroleum International Ltd (“Atlas”).
Read more
The East African said the deal with Oranto has drawn harsh criticism due to a report from technical officials in the Ministry of Petroleum in which claims were made that the company lacked the technical expertise and financial capacity to manage the Block B3 project.
Oranto Petroleum Chairman Prince Arthur Eze offered a rebuttal, telling reporters that their company stood “at the vanguard of African firms exploring and developing African assets,” adding that the company would elaborate with “partners to bring to light the immense potential of Block B3.”
“We believe the petroleum resources of Block B3 are vast. To reach our target of more than doubling current oil production, we need committed new entrants like Oranto,” Petroleum Minister Ezekiel Lul Gatkuoth said in defense of their department's decision. Later addressing Bloomberg, they added: “Anybody who is willing to do business with us, they must actually show that they are ready and we will sign and if you are not ready to do business with us, get out of the way.”
World Oil described Oranto's investment as a “bet” that South Sudan could end its civil war within three years to attract new investments to its ailing oil sector.
Atlas owns and operates 20 oil and gas fields in Africa, making it the largest African explorer. Its influence spans Benin, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana, Liberia, Namibia, Nigeria, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, and South Sudan.
Oranto has a history of finalizing oil deals with governments, and later selling oilfield rights to larger international corporations, effectively serving as a middleman.
Read more on Oilprice.com: Don't Believe The Hype: Oil Markets Far From Recovery
A 2006 report by the Liberian Auditing Commission named the company in a bribery scandal as it aimed to unduly influence parliament members tasked with ratifying oil and gas concessions. Oranto had already planned to sell rights to the concessions to another firm and was using bribes to expedite the governmental process, according to the report.
Read more
In Mali, Oranto saw its exploration contract cancelled in 2014 as part of 12 exploration agreements that were cancelled over “various offences”.
Despite the allegations to the contrary, Eze characterized Oranto's venture in South Sudan last month as a “long-term collaboration,” suggesting the company may not be planning to abscond.
The recent attacks on foreigners working on South Sudan's oil and gas facilities serve as a warning for multinationals to stay away from the new country's national resources, just as oil prices recover enough for Juba to begin profiting from the oil sector. This means South Sudan will have to offer a premium to companies willing to work in the country. Middlemen may not appear to be the perfect partners for struggling governments, but they are giving Juba a means to reach multinationals that can bankroll the development of its energy resources.
This article was originally published on Oilprice.com
The Motorola DROID has been selling like hotcakes, at least hotcakes with Android 2.0. According to RBC Capital Analyst Mark Sue, sales figures are showing a current total of 700,000 to 800,000 handsets sold which should allow for at least 1 million DROIDS crossing the register by the end of the year. A $100 million ad campaign helps, but so does the fact that the DROID is Verizon's first real iPhone challenger."Verizon's big marketing push for the DROID is strengthening as we close in on the holidays," the RBC analyst says. Comments by DROID users noted by Barron's show praise for the resolution of the screen, which at 480 X 854 pixels, is currently the sharpest and clearest display out in the market, and for the fast processor. Complaints were made about the weight of the device, which is built like a tank, as some have described the model. The analyst also notes that sales of the Motorola CLIQ with the social networking MOTOBLUR UI and its overseas version, the DEXT, have been "okay", but "not great".Oppenheimer analyst Ittai Kidron is a little more reserved. They estimate that sales of the world's only Android 2.0 handset are running slightly behind target and they see a total of 750,000 units sold for the quarter. They expect only 150,000-200,000 CLIQ handsets to be sold and says that T-Mobile has backed away from promoting the device. They also blame the battery life as a dealbreaker for purchase of the CLIQ and says that Motorola is preparing a upgrade to improve that. T-Mobile defends its promotion of the model as a spokesperson for the carrier says that, "The Motorola CLIQ is very popular among our highly connected customers and is the only device with Motorola's innovative MOTORBLUR solution. T-Mobile is excited about the Motorola CLIQ for the holidays and continues to showcase it prominently." As for the manufacturer, Kidron says some models will be hits and some not, but that the Schaumburg based company is heading toward showing a profit in 2010.Returning to the DROID, Verizon spokesperson Brenda Raney says, "We are pleased with sales over the holiday weekend. This phone clearly fits the needs of a number of customers who are excited about its availability on the Verizon Wireless network." Are you a DROID owner? Still happy to be one? Let us know how you feel about Big Red's honest-to-goodness, real iPhone challenger.source: Barron's
Last week we learned that FOX is moving forward with a live-action Deadpool movie, which fans like us seem to be very excited about. The Deadpool related news continues with the reveal of Sideshow Collectibles' awesome 1/6th scale Deadpool figure that is a must-own for any fan of the character. As you might expect, the detail on this thing is incredible. It's everything you could ever want from a Deadpool figure. Here's a description with all the details:
Decked out in their iconic hand-tailored red and black costume, super-studly Wade Wilson comes with two handsome portraits and tons of goodies, including long and short stabbing weapons, two bitchin' pistols, a Whoop Ass-ault rifle, and Big Boomin' Balls. Famous for their over-the-top personality, Marvel's Merc with a Mouth can fully express themselves with multiple swap-out hand gestures and plug-in word bubble accessories, customizable with explicit thoughts and witty words. All we have to say is, “You're welcome, humankind.”
The Sideshow exclusive version of the figure also comes with a flying Deadpool zombie head! The figure is priced at $229.99, and you can pre-order one starting today. I want one of these so bad, but that price is pretty steep.
QPR boss Ian Holloway has said finding the right role in their team for Ben Gladwin is proving to be a head scratcher.
Gladwin came on for the flagging Sandro at Rotherham on Saturday for their first minutes since the 2-0 home defeat to Brentford at the end of October.
It was also their debut for a third boss since they made the move from the County Ground in summer 2015.
Even so, it amounts to only six appearances this season for the former Swindon player, who along with Massimo Luongo flew Robins' nest to join Rs.
While the Australian has been a mainstay under the three gaffers, Gladwin has suffered with both injury and form that saw two loan spells - one back to Swindon, and the other a shortened stay with Bristol City.
Holloway is wondering how they fit in a squad they previously described as being overrun with number 10s.
The manager added: “If you're a midfield player who wants to dribble with it and you're coming from Swindon and you playing out wide, I've got to find the right blend and balance for you.
“If I ask you to sprint inside, up the wing. Ben Gladwin, I'm talking about. He'll look at me as if I must be mad. I don't want them to be anyone but they are. Same with Nasser.
"I've got to fit them in with the team.”
House of Lies will return for a fifth season, Showtime announced Tuesday.
“When you have a gifted acting ensemble led by Don Cheadle and smart, acerbic writing led by showrunner Matthew Carnahan you expect something special,” Showtime Executive Vice President of Original Programming Gary Levine said in a statement.
The show—which first aired in 2012 and stars Kristen Bell and Ben Schwartz alongside Cheadle—will air 10 episodes as part of the fifth season next year.
The last season tied up some of the show's biggest questions, as Marty (Cheadle) attempted to save the firm from failure and Denna Altshuler (Mary McCormack), as Jeannie (Bell) gave birth to their baby.
Based on Martin Kihn's book by the same name, House of Lies is created and executive produced by Matthew Carnahan.
Bad weather is excellent for coding. The darker and colder it is outside, the more we can enjoy working on what we love. You probably know what I'm talking about, because, in a recent survey, more than half of you answered that you work in IT. Well, today's news is for you: Opera 27 is going beta.
Let's take a look at what's in Opera 27:
Improved navigation
Many of you have raised the issue that the navigation panel does not work with dark backgrounds, because the background was faded out to make the buttons more visible. Now, you can use the darkest possible background, and it will still look good.
Tab menu
If you look up at your browser interface right now and see more than 5 tabs open, you can consider yourself unique. Only 5% of users have that many tabs open on average. (And, yes, you most probably also have a quite new computer with tons of RAM to handle it.) We have created the tab menu especially for you. (Many users will most likely not ever see it, because they won't ever reach the number of tabs needed to activate it.)
Last, but not least
There is also a long list of small improvements in this release, including:
Invitation to migrate your Adobe Flash from NPAPI to PPAPI
Addition of some APIs
Improvements to the shutdown functionality
Speech API
Although, I'm not sure why I wrote this here, since you all read the changelog, anyway.
Downloads:
The full list of fixes is available in the changelog.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' choice to help lead the department's Office for Civil Rights once complained that in college they had experienced discrimination for being white, ProPublica reported Friday.
Candice Jackson was tapped to serve as the deputy assistant secretary for the Office of Civil Rights, a position that does not require Senate confirmation. But they will serve as the interim head of the office until the assistant secretary has been named. At the office, Jackson will be charged with helping protect students from discrimination.
They once recounted their experience in a class at Stanford University in the 1990s, where they were an undergraduate student, in a piece for the Stanford Review. They complained that they were unable to join a section of a math class that offered minority students additional help with tough problems, according to ProPublica.
“I am especially disappointed that the University encourages these and other discriminatory programs,” Jackson wrote, per ProPublica. “We need to allow each person to define their or their own achievements instead of assuming competence or incompetence based on race.”
Jackson also wrote an op-ed when they were an undergraduate that opposed affirmative action, arguing that it “promotes racial discrimination,” according to the report.
“As with most liberal solutions to a problem, giving special assistance to minority students is a band-aid solution to a deep problem,” they wrote, as quoted by ProPublica. “No one, least of all the minority student, is well served by receiving special treatment based on race or ethnicity.”
Asked for an interview by ProPublica, Jackson referred the outlet to the Department of Education. The Education Department did not respond to the publication's request for a statement.
Read the whole thing here.
Sue Ogrocki/Associated Press
Paul George told ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski on Thursday they were aware the Indiana Pacers discussed a trade that would have sent them to the Golden State Warriors before they were ultimately dealt to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
"Yeah, I think that would have been a Chris Paul to L.A. situation where they got denied at that trade," George said, per the Norman Transcript's Fred Katz. "Yeah, I was aware of it. I would've looked forward to it, of just being in a good situation and a chance to compete for a championship. But it didn't happen. It's still fun to team up with a special talent and have a chance to compete against that team."
Katz also noted that during their conversation, Wojnarowski disclosed the Pacers asked for Klay Thompson in a deal for George.
The Warriors declined to part with the Splash Brother, and the Pacers proceeded to ship George to OKC in exchange for Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis.
Speaking to reporters Wednesday, George admitted they were caught off guard by the news they had been traded to the Thunder—since several other potential landing spots represented bigger blips on their radar at the time.
"It was surprising. This team wasn't one of the teams that we had in mind," they said, per ESPN.com's Royce Young. "I thought I was going to four or five other teams that were pretty active in trade [talks]. When I found out it was OKC, I was quite surprised, but at the same time I was happy about the trade."
George will be free to sign with the team of their choosing next July once be becomes an unrestricted free agent, but the Thunder will try to get a head start on the recruiting process over the next 12 months as they try to show them a long-term partnership with Russell Westbrook is what's best for their legacy.
IBM, NVIDIA and Wistron have introduced their second-generation server for high-performance computing (HPC) applications at the OpenPOWER Summit. The new machine is designed for IBM's latest POWER8 microprocessors, NVIDIA's upcoming Tesla P100 compute accelerators (featuring the company's Pascal architecture) and the company's NVLink interconnection technology. The new HPC platform will require software makers to port their apps to the new architectures, which is why IBM and NVIDIA plan to help with that.
The new HPC platform developed by IBM, NVIDIA and Wistron (which is one of the major contract makers of servers) is based on several IBM POWER8 processors and several NVIDIA Tesla P100 accelerators. At present, the three companies do not reveal a lot of details about their new HPC platform, but it is safe to assume that it has two IBM POWER8 CPUs and four NVIDIA Tesla P100 accelerators. Assuming that every GP100 chip has four 20 GB/s NVLink interconnections, four GPUs is the maximum number of GPUs per CPU, which makes sense from bandwidth point of view. It is noteworthy that NVIDIA itself managed to install eight Tesla P100 into a 2P server (see the example of the NVIDIA DGX-1).
Correction 4/7/2016: Based on the images released by the OpenPOWER Foundation, the prototype server actually includes four, not eight NVIDIA Tesla P100 cards, as the original story suggested.
IBM's POWER8 CPUs have 12 cores, each of which can handle eight hardware threads at the same time thanks to 16 execution pipelines. The 12-core POWER8 CPU can run at fairly high clock-rates of 3 – 3.5 GHz and integrate a total of 6 MB of L2 cache (512 KB per core) as well as 96 MB of L3 cache. Each POWER8 processor supports up to 1 TB of DDR3 or DDR4 memory with up to 230 GB/s sustained bandwidth (by comparison, Intel's Xeon E5 v4 chips “only” support up to 76.8 GB/s of bandwidth with DDR4-2400). Since the POWER8 was designed both for high-end servers and supercomputers in mind, it also integrates a massive amount of PCIe controllers as well as multiple NVIDIA's NVLinks to connect to special-purpose accelerators as well as the forthcoming Tesla compute processors.
Each NVIDIA Tesla P100 compute accelerator features 3584 stream processors, 4 MB L2 cache and 16 GB of HBM2 memory connected to the GPU using 4096-bit bus. Single-precision performance of the Tesla P100 is around 10.6 TFLOPS, whereas its double precision is approximately 5.3 TFLOPS. A HPC node with eight such accelerators will have a peak 32-bit compute performance of 84.8 TFLOPS, whereas its 64-bit compute capability will be 42.4 TFLOPS. The prototype developed by IBM, NVIDIA and Wistron integrates four Tesla P100 modules, hence, its SP performance is 42.4 TFLOPS, whereas its DP performance is approximately 21.2 TFLOPS. Just for comparison: NEC's Earth Simulator supercomputer, which was the world's most powerful system from June 2002 to June 2004, had a performance of 35.86 TFLOPS running the Linpack benchmark. The Earth Simulator consumed 3200 kW of POWER, it consisted of 640 nodes with eight vector processors and 16 GB of memory at each node, for a total of 5120 CPUs and 10 TB of RAM. Thanks to Tesla P100, it is now possible to get performance of the Earth Simulator from just one 2U box (or two 2U boxes if the prototype server by Wistron is used).
IBM, NVIDIA and Wistron expect their early second-generation HPC platforms featuring IBM's POWER8 processors to become available in Q4 2016. This does not mean that the machines will be deployed widely from the start. At present, the majority of HPC systems are based on Intel's or AMD's x86 processors. Developers of high-performance compute apps will have to learn how to better utilize IBM's POWER8 CPUs, NVIDIA Pascal GPUs, the additional bandwidth provided by the NVLink technology as well as the Page Migration Engine tech (unified memory) developed by IBM and NVIDIA. The two companies intend to create a network of labs to help developers and ISVs port applications on the new HPC platforms. These labs will be very important not only to IBM and NVIDIA, but also to the future of high-performance systems in general. Heterogeneous supercomputers can offer very high performance, but in order to use that, new methods of programming are needed.
The development of the second-gen IBM POWER8-based HPC server is an important step towards building the Summit and the Sierra supercomputers for Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. Both the Summit and the Sierra will be based on the POWER9 processors formally introduced last year as well as NVIDIA's upcoming code-named Volta processors. The systems will also rely on NVIDIA's second-generation NVLink interconnect.
Image Sources: NVIDIA, Micron.
Here is a short list of products that Apple has released in the past few years:
Apple was once lauded for the design, durability, and simplicity of its products. But in recent years, the company has lost its way. Many of its newer devices feel derivative of older ones—rather than incrementally better—or seem just plain odd. Consumers appear to agree: In 2016, Apple posted year-over-year declines in both profit and revenue for the first time in 15 years.
But amid at all this lackluster gadgetry, Apple did release—in a tiny container shaped like a Tic-Tac box—one of the simplest and best products it's put out in years: the AirPods. These wireless headphones do something that few Apple products have in the Tim Cook era—they just work.
What's good
Really, they just work. Apple loves to describe its products as “magical.” Few have felt that way recently, but the AirPods sort of do. If you're pairing them with an iPhone, the second you take them out of their packaging and open their container, you get a pop-up on your phone asking you to connect “[your name]'s AirPods.” There's no messing with Bluetooth settings, no connecting to local wi-fi networks, and none of the setup typical of internet-of-things devices. Open the box; start playing music. No other wireless headphones I've tried out, or really many other products at all, have been so easy to start using.
AirPods can also connect to other non-Apple devices like regular regular Bluetooth headphones (there's a button on the back of the case that allows them to be discovered by other devices). Theoretically, AirPods will also automatically connect to any Apple device associated with your iPhone's iCloud account, but in practice I found that only happened sometimes. Sometimes I had to manually select my AirPods from the Bluetooth menu to get them to connect to other Apple devices.
They're self-charging. Gadget cases are starting to do something useful: charge their gadgets. As Snap did with its Snapchat Spectacles, the AirPods' case can (Apple says) provide 24 hours of charge to the headphones, which themselves hold about 5 hours of charge. I've had inconsistent experiences with AirPods holding a charge for 24 hours—I'm not sure if it's me, or a battery discrepancy like the one affecting Apple's newest MacBook Pro.
They're self-pausing. If you pull one AirPod out, whatever you're listening to will pause. If you take both out, it stops. You can also use one AirPod at a time to listen to music or make calls, if you're feeling nostalgic for that mid-2000s Bluetooth headset look.
They're so tiny. AirPods are far smaller than the average wireless headphone setup. The carrying case is easy to slip into even the smallest pocket, meaning they can go with you pretty much anywhere. They also charge off the same cable as a modern iPhone, so you only need to carry one cable with you.
Siri is in your ear. If you've ever wanted to feel like you have a personal digital assistant, the AirPods are perfect. Double-tap the side of one of the earbuds and you'll activate Siri, allowing you to look and feel just a little bit like Joaquin Phoenix in the movie Them (minus, hopefully, the giant mustache).
They're decently priced. Apple products tend to be on the expensive end of the market, but wireless headphones are rarely cheap. At $150, Bose's wireless earbuds cost only $10 less than Apple's, and (Apple subsidiary) Beats Audio's newer wireless buds are about $40 more. Unlike both of those, the AirPods don't have an aggressive “I'm working out” look to them. They just look like the wires fell off your regular Apple EarPods.
What's not good
They look pretty silly. EarPods, which have shipped with iPhones and iPods since 2012, didn't have the prettiest design to begin with. The AirPods' stems also hang quite far out, making it look from a distance like you've gotten some very odd piercings.
They won't fit everyone's ears. Much like Apple's wired headphones, the AirPods seem to be too big (or small) to fit snugly in some people's ears. There were also concerns that they would fall out with enough shaking, but I haven't encountered that issue. Other reviewers have had no issue running with them.
Siri is still useless. It would be great to have Siri so readily available… if they were of any use. Apple's digital assistant rarely understands my requests, and frequently tries to throw me to a Safari search-results page, which kind of defeats the purpose. In your iPhone's Bluetooth settings, you can switch the AirPods' double-tap function from activating Siri to playing/pausing whatever you're listening to, which I've found more useful.
No skip-song or volume button. It's odd that Apple made Siri a double-tap on the AirPods, but included no other tap actions. If there was a way to tap the earbuds to skip songs or change the volume, without having to ask Siri in the middle of a crowded subway car, AirPods would be pretty much perfect.
Should you get them?
Yes.
If you have an iPhone and listen to music on your commute, or take a lot of phone calls on the go, AirPods work perfectly. They're not going to replace noise-canceling headphones for long flights, or high-end headphones for listening to physical audio, or aggressive “I'm working out” headphones for people who are into that sort of thing. But if you're a casual listener, AirPods are a great pickup. For the first time in what feels like a long time, Apple has created a product that doesn't try to do too much, and does what it's supposed to do very well.
Rike is kicking off a string of unconventional designs with the Mini, the world's smallest production framelock flipper. Rike says the Mini is only the beginning of a very busy year as the company strives to move beyond tactical knives and carve out a spot for itself in the larger knife market.
The Mini is a titanium framelock flipper with astonishingly compact proportions. “So far it is the smallest knife we've made,” says Rike's Kan Tai. The Mini is just 3.5″ overall with a 1.5″ tanto blade, available in either M390 or S35VN steel. Tai asserts that eye-catching anodizations are one of the company's strong suits, so it comes as no surprise to learn that the Mini will be available in a variety of colors when it hits dealers' shelves in the coming weeks.
Most people think of fixed blades when looking for a neck knife, but the Mini was designed for around-the-neck carry. Custom neck sheaths for small folding knives are also beginning to surface and CRKT included a detachable neck lanyard with the new Snap Lock. But with the high-end materials and premium machining, the new Mini plays the part of a novel piece of jewelry in addition to a tiny tool. “You can use this knife as a small EDC tool or wear it as a necklace,” Rike's Kan Tai says. “It is fully functional and nicely decorative.” A sculpted micro titanium pocket clip provides a second carry option.
Rike got its start in 2008 as an OEM, but founder and head designer Richard Wu had ambitions beyond producing others' work. The brand jumped into the high-end flipper game, eventually competing directly with fellow Gaungdong province makers like Kizer.
> > Keep your folders awesome. Grab a Pack of 5 Microfiber Blade Sleeves for $8.99 < <
With offbeat concepts like the Mini, Rike is quickly gaining awareness in the marketplace. The world's smallest production flipper is the jumping off point for what Rike is promising will be a big year. The company has already teased the latest version of their flagship Thor model, as well as an innovative slingshot knife and another micro-style knife with a stubbier tanto blade. And Tai assures us there's even more on the way. “We've got 3-5 new designs that haven't gone to the marketing department yet.”
The Mini is slated to hit dealers by early April and pricing is still to be determined.
Knife featured in image: Rike Mini
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manic Street Preachers' James Dean Bradfield has written music to be featured in a new documentary on Wales' incredible exploits at Euro 2016 to be broadcast on national radio this Christmas.
The Manics' frontman joined forces with Super Furry Animals and Manics and Paulo Nutini brass player Gavin Fitzjohn - who is also a member of Wales fans' band The Barry Horns - to provide the soundtrack to Our Summer - The Story of Wales at Euro 2016, which includes a reworking of Welsh fans' anthem Don't Take Me Home.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The documentary was put together by Radio Wales presenter Steffan Garrero and narrated by Welsh actor Erin Richards - who went into a studio in New York to record the doc in between filming US TV series Gotham.
Our Summer also features contributions from Wales' players Chris Gunter and Hal Robson-Kanu as well as Super Furry Animals' Gruff Rhys and a number of Welsh fans who headed out to France to witness their team's epochal passage to the Euro 2016 semi-final.
The documentary will be broadcast on Radio Wales on December 23 at 8pm and December 28 at 4pm. It will also go out on 5 Live at 9pm on December 23 and 8.30pm on Boxing Day.
Environment minister Catherine McKenna rebutted former Australian PM's claim climate change was “probably doing good” at a London conference
By Megan Darby
Canada's environment minister hit out at former Australian prime minister Tony Abbott on Tuesday over their promotion of climate sceptic talking points.
Catherine McKenna told a Chatham House conference they did not normally spend much time talking about climate science, preferring to focus on policy.
“Unfortunately, some people in positions of power continue to propagate myths, including yesterday just here in London,” they said.
That was a reference to Abbott's lecture to the Global Warming Policy Foundation climate sceptic thinktank, in which they said global warming was “probably doing good”.
Wrong & irresponsible. Climate change is real & human-made. Not only do we owe it to our kids to act, clean growth is trillion $ opportunity. https://t.co/BnZ1o7oktw — Catherine McKenna (@cathmckenna) October 9, 2017
McKenna described meeting indigenous youth in Canada's high Arctic region, which is warming three times as fast as the rest of the country.
One 14-year-old boy came to them with a list of environmental changes they thought might be caused by climate change. These included a decline in caribou numbers and experienced hunters falling through thinning sea ice and being lost forever. Their observations were backed up by a climate scientist in the group.
“I can say with complete and utter certainty my young Inuit friend does not think that climate change is ‘probably good',” said McKenna. “Unlike some people, they do not have the luxury of burying their heads in the sand… It is up to people in this room to stand up for them.”
Abbott's speech was heavily criticised back in Australia, with the Labor opposition's deputy leader Tanya Plibersek describing it as “weird stuff”. They had “left the realm of the merely destructive and entered the realm of the loopy,” Plibersek told the Guardian.
Former British climate minister Ed Miliband was also scathing, tweeting coverage with the comment: “I know Donald Trump has lowered the bar for idiocy but…”
I know Donald Trump has lowered the bar for idiocy but….. https://t.co/LAYOKJfxFF — Ed Miliband (@Ed_Miliband) October 9, 2017
While Abbott is no longer leading the government, as a lawmaker in the ruling Liberal party they are still in a position to influence policy. Their personal crusade against greenhouse gas emissions curbs is destabilising a proposed bipartisan clean energy target.
Recent analysis by the Australia Institute found that Australia was the only wealthy nation not to have reached peak emissions in its energy sector. Emissions are at a record high, with petrol and diesel use increasing while coal maintains a stronghold in the power generation mix.
Despite Abbott's sceptical stance and president Donald Trump's backsliding on US commitments, McKenna was bullish on the scope for international cooperation on climate change.
They praised the work of former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg and California governor Jerry Brown in coordinating US action at state and city level.
“The US admin, far from weakening the bonds of Paris [climate agreement], has only strengthened the world's resolve and it has strengthened Canada's resolve,” they said.
Last month, Canada hosted climate ministers from key countries in Montreal, in a replacement for the US-led Major Economies Forum. It also doubled its annual contribution to the UN climate science panel, after Trump axed the US contribution – previously the panel's biggest source of funding.
McKenna also talked up Canada's pledge to phase out coal by 2030 – “coal isn't coming back” – and the jobs being created in clean technology sectors.
The political price of the federal government's climate policies has been support for oil pipelines to serve tar sands extraction, mainly in Alberta. Indigenous communities and activists have mounted vigorous protests against such infrastructure, citing both local and global environmental impacts.
At the same time, a slump in oil prices since 2014 has squeezed the profitability of this carbon-intensive source of oil. Recently, TransCanada announced the cancellation of its Energy East pipeline, on economic grounds.
Asked if tar sands' heyday was over, McKenna defended the government's backing for pipelines. “We still are going to get our resources to market in the near term; we are still going to use oil and gas,” they said. “I am elected to represent the people of Canada… that includes tar sands workers.”
By: Colin Dueck
March 27, 2017
The best and brightest side of Billy's character has been portrayed above. The shield had another side never exhibited to their best friends—the weak and helpless. Their temper was fearful, and in their angry moods they were dangerous….His misfortune was, they could not and would not stay whipped.
Pat Garrett, The Authentic Life of Billy the Kid (1882)
rom Montana and the Dakotas down to the Gulf of Mexico, a wide belt of small-town and rural counties constitutes a distinct American region. Economically, it relies heavily on agriculture and extracting minerals, oil, and gas. Demographically, its population is disproportionately of English and German descent. Electorally, it leans conservative and Republican, though with an independent libertarian strain. The dominant prairie ethos really does match the stereotype: straightforward, hard-working, and unpretentious. Last November these Great Plains counties voted overwhelmingly in favor of Donald Trump for president.
Trump won most of the electoral vote in three other regions as well: greater Appalachia, the Deep South, and the interior Mountain West. Finally, they added to this normally Republican electoral base a crossover appeal in small-town Rust Belt counties near the Great Lakes, sufficient to tip key swing states into their electoral column: Ohio, where Barack Obama won twice; Pennsylvania and Michigan, which every Democratic presidential nominee since Bill Clinton in 1992 had carried, and Wisconsin, which every Democrat since Michael Dukakis in 1988 had carried. Trump's Jacksonian, white working-class base provided crushing margins, central to their success.
What implications does modern Jacksonianism have for U.S. foreign policy? Jacksonians don't want to order other people's lives, but are determined to protect their own lives, values, traditions, and dignity, regardless of status, as well those of their family, friends, and neighbors. Loyalty moves outward from those closest to home, yet includes an intense patriotism. Insults in general, and elite pretense, cant, or pomposity in particular, are intolerable. Instead, there's an insistence on respect and a willingness to give it, so long as it's reciprocal. The overall mentality is well captured by the words of the Gadsden flag: “Don't tread on me.”
During the Cold War, Jacksonians supported the anti-Soviet struggle, rightly perceiving international Communism as a threat to their country. Indeed, they supported Cold War resolve long after most liberal Democrats had abandoned it—one reason Jacksonians eventually drifted toward the GOP under leaders like Nixon and Reagan. This political reality engendered a tactical alliance with Republican internationalists, who favored: free trade; promoting democracy abroad, international organizations, including the United Nations; foreign aid; global alliances; and, eventually, openness to immigration. During those years, the Jacksonian element in Republican foreign policy often gave it a “cowboy” quality, alarming to metropolitan liberals as well as some foreign observers. But in practice it usually worked pretty well.
After 9/11, Jacksonians supported George W. Bush's war on terror for a characteristic reason, the need to repel a deadly threat. Again, their fierce determination to punish America's enemies gave rise to complaints of cowboy diplomacy. But Jacksonians had never been enthusiastic about the internationalist project per se, and in the face of mounting frustration during the Obama era, they finally withdrew their support from several of its various components. The result was a revolution in traditional GOP foreign policy stands, championed by Donald Trump but unexpected by most political observers.
Specifically, the conservative nationalism manifested so vigorously last year reasserted that U.S. foreign policy should prioritize America's distinct national sovereignty, integrity, and independence. This longstanding aspect of American diplomacy had not been asserted with such force since the great debates of 1940-41. Under the very different circumstances of 2016, conservative nationalists saw illegal immigration, jihadist terrorism, and the losses derived from free trade as America's main challenges. For Trump and their earliest supporters, these three trends represented serious threats to the lives, property, national identity, and physical security of American citizens, around the world and inside the United States. If not to secure Americans against such threats, they asked, what else could be the chief purpose of U.S. foreign policy?
To the surprise of most people whose careers and reputations depend on discerning the electorate's changing attitudes, this emphasis on transnational challenges of trade, terrorism, and immigration turned out to be a winning platform, first in the GOP primaries and then in November. Rather than pretend to have executive-branch foreign policy experience comparable to Hillary Clinton's, Trump criticized them for that very record. They gained electorally, especially in the Rust Belt, by hammering away at transnational threats, thereby capturing popular disgust with the establishments of both political parties. Rather than accede to the demographically inevitable “coalition of the ascendant,” Trump's working-class supporters would not stay whipped.
Conservatives versus Political Correctness
The other factor that worked to Trump's advantage, related to transnational policy issues such as immigration and terrorism, was liberal identity politics, also known as political correctness. Self-described liberals or progressives, less than one-third of the American public, devoted many long years to instructing their fellow citizens on the essential bigotry and wickedness of not voting Democratic. Accordingly, the only conceivable basis for opposing Hillary Clinton's election must be sexism, racism, or stupidity. This ingenious strategy—winning votes by insulting voters—somehow failed to put Hillary over the top.
If the opening months of 2017 are any indication, progressives will intensify their commitment to this losing strategy. Contemporary progressives cannot abandon identity politics, since outraged rectitude has become central to American liberalism. As accusations of sexism and racism become increasingly frequent and strident, they eventually get irritating instead of intimidating.
Having fueled Trump's victory and a resurgent conservative nationalism, political correctness is now encouraging another remarkable tendency: quite literally, a refusal to accept the election's validity. No doubt Representative John Lewis of Georgia spoke for many liberal Democrats when they denied that Trump was a “legitimate president.” Whatever one thinks of Trump, their personality or policies, they did in fact win the presidential election. Yet a striking assortment of congressional Democrats, activists, judges, journalists, and career civil servants seem determined to deny their legitimacy, no matter what they say or does. Mass rallies warn us of incipient fascism. Campus counseling is offered for those too emotionally devastated to go on.
This refusal relates to the question of who gets to define conservatism. Ever since the 1950s, conservatives in America have produced foundations, think-tanks, intellectuals, publications, and donor networks to reshape the Republican Party by emphasizing free markets, social tradition, strong national defenses, and constitutionalism. Beyond that, conservatism's precise definition has varied over time. After 9/11, it was redefined by President Bush to include democratizing the Muslim world through nation-building efforts ranging from Iraq to Afghanistan. The fight against jihadist terrorists will go on, but that particular idealistic moment in Republican foreign policy is now officially over.
Clearly, if there's a yawning gap between Republican voters and conservative intellectuals, it isn't the voters who will give way. There appears to be a misunderstanding as to the actual relationship between conservative voters, Republican politicians, and conservative intellectuals. The first group chooses the second, who go on to implement policy. Though it can offer useful advice from time to time, the third group is by far the least important. Now we have a situation whereby some intellectuals still believe they, not the great majority of conservative voters, define conservatism. As a class, the intellectuals have failed to listen.
Cowboy Diplomacy Redux?
The irony is that the new administration is moving toward a foreign policy consistent with traditional conservative national security hawks' longstanding preferences. Defense spending is being significantly increased. Traditional alliances in Europe, Northeast Asia, and the Middle East are being reaffirmed. The administration is taking a relatively hard line against undue diplomatic concessions to Iran, China, or North Korea, preferring to intensify pressure instead. Constraints on counter-terror practices at both the Pentagon and CIA are being loosened. And the Secretary of Defense has been instructed to pull together more aggressive war plans against the Islamic State. These welcome changes will disappoint strict libertarians and pure non-interventionists ... but Trump never campaigned on any platform they could endorse.
Populist nationalists within the federal government, empowered by the president, will continue to press for “fair” trade practices, diplomatic outreach toward Moscow, allied burden-sharing, and a hard line against illegal immigration. More traditional conservatives—both within the administration, and in Congress—will push back against some parts of this, including free trade, alliance relationships, and our relations with Russia. The resulting synthesis may be productive.
A foreign and national security policy based on a strong U.S. international role, shorn of left-liberal assumptions, would be a new cowboy diplomacy, based upon straightforward presidential foreign policy leadership, robust deterrence, support of key U.S. allies, and the decisive use of force. It would abandon the Obama-era conceit that our national interests or world peace are well served by American military build-downs, increasing global governance, one-sided accommodations of international adversaries, or endless legalistic verbiage unsupported by force. And if the GOP's conservative nationalists become convinced that foreign, trade, and immigration policies once again serve American citizens' interests, then they may grasp that a forward-leaning alliance system also serves those same interests.
The key decisions, in any case, will be the president's to make.  They are central, as a matter of constitutional structure and historical practice. And it is the president—not the experts—whose name is on the ballot. We do not yet live in a system of pure technocratic rule. Rather, democratic accountability to the American public extends to foreign policy.
There does appear to have developed over the years an insular, bipartisan Beltway establishment convinced of its right to direct the nation's affairs, regardless of popular repudiation. This elite condescension is part of what led to Trump's win in the first place. Americans trust democratic procedures to help resolve public policy controversies. Using either the courts or the career bureaucracy to impose policy preferences that could not prevail in a free and fair election, is undemocratic—nothing less.
Because there are no kings in this country. Here, the people rule.
Ubisoft has picked the perfect time to take the wraps off Watch Dogs. In an E3 that's provided precious little in the way of innovation or excitement in the action adventure space, its brand-new IP has been one of the few freshly announced titles to generate any palpable buzz on the showfloor.
However, under closer inspection in an invite-only broom cupboard tucked away in the publisher's booth, there's plenty of evidence to suggest Ubisoft Montreal's hugely ambitious open world adventure would have grabbed plenty of headlines even during a vintage year for LA's annual gaming expo.
For those who haven't pored over the demo footage shown during the publisher's press conference on Monday, here are the basics. Watch Dogs plays out in a near-future Chicago where all digital devices are linked by an enormous clandestine data network set up to allow private corporations access to every single scrap of data linked to an individual person.
Protagonist Aidan Pierce has somehow hacked into that grid and, via their magical PDA, can manipulate almost every digital device in the city, from cell phones, to security cameras, door locks, traffic lights and public transport routes. For reasons not fully explained, he's duly leveraging that power to kick back against an as-yet undefined foe.
How exactly does this translate to gameplay? In the demo Pierce attempts to gain access to an art gallery opening where he's been told a target called Demarco is holed up. They sneak their way in by disrupting the mobile phone network, forcing the bouncer to wander off in search of a better signal. Once inside Pierce then scans the crowd in search of an employee of their target and listens in as they call their boss, discovering that he's currently on route to the venue in their car.
So, Pierce runs outside and, with perfect timing, ensnares their enemy in a massive pile-up by tinkering with nearby traffic lights. Following a brutal shootout they jump into a vehicle and tears off across the city, losing their pursuers by raising a drawbridge across the Chicago River.
While the action in the demo was clearly heavily scripted, it's not difficult to see the enormous potential behind that core conceit of using an entire city as your weapon. Though they were light on specific details, producer Dominic Guay promises that there will be countless ways to achieve your various goals in the finished game.
"One of the team's big frustrations with the E3 demo is that we can only show one path. The fact of the matter is we could have eliminated Demarco in hundreds of other ways. We know they are coming so we could have waited where they might have parked and hit them there. You saw we can also open up drawbridges on the Chicago River so maybe we could have used those instead.
"We showed the traffic hack as it's seemingly a really small action but what it creates is so powerful. It's a perfect example of how when you have power over the networks you have huge power over the city."
Like so many other games showcased at this year's E3, Watch Dogs is unsparingly violent. The demo sees innocent bystanders gunned down before Pierce brutally executes their target without a shred of remorse. Guay insists that this unflinching brutality is a vital tool in conveying the game's sophisticated, adult themes. And what's more, they promise, the game will always temper bloodshed with real, dramatic consequences.
"We have an ambitious goal on this. [Project lead] John [Morin] has a motto: make it less Michael Bay, more Michael Mann; fewer Transformers, more Heat," they say.
"There is collateral damage - there are bystanders who get shot because you decided to start a fire fight in the middle of the city. Every player is going to react differently to that. We're not going to tell you it's good or bad. What we hope is that if we're realistic in the treatment of violence and what it does to the city and its people, then you'll set your own boundaries. At the very least you'll realise the consequences of doing crazy things."
What Ubisoft didn't show during its presser is a companion tablet app that adds a tantalising additional layer to the action. As well as a host of stat-tracking and social features, the app will supposedly facilitate asymmetric real-time multiplayer, where one player will embark on a mission on the TV screen while the other either helps or hinders their progress by tweaking the digital environment via a fully-realised 3D map on the tablet app.
"The core of it is that we want to keep the same fantasy: control the city from the palm of your hand," Guay explains.
"A lot of games have already done the mobile thing, but only as a way to access game stats. For us, that's not enough.
"If you get on the bus we want you to be able to continue growing your control over the city and getting benefits from that in the game. We also want you to be able to go into the living room and play with other people who are playing on the TV. That's core for us.
"And it's also a way of connecting with other players. There are going to be a lot of consequences to growing your ability to connect with other players."
Almost as ambitious is the studio's bold approach to ephemeral emergent gameplay. Guay explains that aside from Watch Dogs' main campaign you'll be able to create your own side missions on the fly and interact with the city in a hugely dynamic and open-ended way.
Every single person wandering Chicago's streets can be scanned and will boast their own unique backstory, however mundane it might be. You can then react to that information as you see fit, slotting yourself into their lives in a variety of ways.
"We don't need to set specific mission objectives," insists Guay.
"I'll give you an example. You'll walk around the city, profiling people through the surveillance system and you'll see a guy who is convicted of some horrible crime - a multiple rapist or whatever. You see them walk down an alleyway and decide to follow them. You have a gun, you have all these abilities - what will you decide to do with that knowledge? That's the player's choice, and they're going to have to face the consequences of those choices too."
Impressively, all these tiny subplots are individually crafted by the game's writers rather than being randomly generated.
"What's important for us is that it doesn't become a sea of information that's not interesting. You'll find very interesting things that you'll want to follow and look at," they continue.
"The game has a structure where you have a clear path with strict objectives, but we know a lot of players are going to want to explore the digital side of the city too and they're going to find a lot of opportunities for side objectives to set themselves."
Guay is cagey when we ask exactly how large Watch Dogs' urban playground will be, but promises a substantial sandbox to mess around in.
"We don't give specific numbers - the main reason is we still want to be able to tweak that to optimise the fun - but it's pretty large," they explain.
"What you saw in the demo was just a little street corner in The Loop in Chicago but you can go way beyond that - you can cross rivers and explore much bigger lands. Our cars go very fast - they go up to 180 kph. You can't have a small city with cars going that fast."
The other major talking point is of course the game's hugely impressive visuals. Seen up close, rather than on the big screen during Ubisoft's press conference, the level of detail is remarkable. Pierce's trench coat billows in the wind, the rain sweeps and swirls through the streets, extravagant muzzle flair lights up gun combat and generally the city teems with life. Guay makes it clear that the demo is running on a PC but stresses that game will also come to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
"We're not shipping this year. By the time we ship we'll be on multiple platforms, including Xbox 360 and PS3," they say.
But how?
"To be honest, we have a kick-ass team of guys working on tech for consoles. Most of them have been doing it for 10 years, working on Assassin's Creed and Splinter Cell and all those brands, and have a lot of talent. We're really committed to supporting as many platforms as possible."
Are they bluffing? We wouldn't be surprised. It seems inconceivable that the game, as shown, could be squeezed down to fit on current gen consoles, especially when you take that ambitious cross-platform smartphone play into consideration. Time will tell, and we're ready to be proved wrong, but this could well be your first glimpse at a next gen experience.
There are still plenty of questions that need answering. With Pierce seemingly having such an enormous range of powers at their fingertips it's hard to conceive how Ubisoft plans to avoid overwhelming the player. How much choice will there really be? Will the sheer scale of its ambition eventually railroad the designers down more linear and scripted pathways? Are those eye-popping smartphone features just pie in the sky? We'll see. However, if it does manage to deliver on its grand mission statement, Watch Dogs promises one of the most intelligent and imaginative twists on the action genre in years. Godspeed, Ubi.
Watch Dogs is finally out, and we've got an essential game guide to help you beat the trickier missions.
• 2014 Texas Football schedule
The 2014 Texas Football Orange-White Scrimmage has been scheduled for Saturday, April 19, at 1 p.m. Central at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium.
The game will air exclusively on the Longhorn Network and will be broadcast on KVET-AM 1300 in Austin. Spring practice is set to begin Tuesday, March 18.
More information on the game and surrounding activities will be announced as they become available.
The Longhorns open the 2014 season on Aug. 30 when they play host to North Texas. That will be the first of six games in Austin. Texas also plays UCLA on Sept. 13 in Arlington, Texas, and Oklahoma on Oct. 11 in Dallas in the annual Red River Rivalry.
For season ticket information, call the UT Athletics Ticket Office at 512-471-3333 or 800-982-BEVO weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. Central or visit TexasSports.com.
ROME — A court in Naples on Wednesday convicted Silvio Berlusconi — the media mogul and Italy's former prime minister — of corruption, finding them guilty of bribing a senator to undermine the government of their longtime opponent, Romano Prodi.
According to the verdict, Mr. Berlusconi should spend three years in prison and be banned from public office, but they will not serve the sentence because the statute of limitations on the case is expiring shortly. In Italy, defendants serve time only after two different courts have completed two levels of appeals trials, a process that normally takes years.
“It's a verdict that we contend is shockingly unfair and unjustified,” Niccolò Ghedini, a lawyer for Mr. Berlusconi, told reporters. Mr. Berlusconi, 78, denied the charges and called the trial and the verdict “political” and aimed at “damaging their image as a protagonist in politics,” Italian news media said.
Sergio De Gregorio, who served in the Senate with the centrist Italy of Values party, admitted taking three million euros, about $3.3 million, from Mr. Berlusconi from 2006 to 2008, and they received a 20-month sentence after a plea bargain.
Randolph Alles served for 35 years in the Marine Corps, retiring in 2011 with the rank of Major General. | Getty Retired Marine general expected to be named Secret Service director Randolph Alles, acting deputy at Customs and Border protection, is expected to be tapped for top job.
Retired Marine Major Gen. Randolph Alles, the current U.S. Customs and Border deputy, is expected to be tapped to lead the Secret Service, according to a former law enforcement official familiar with the selection process.
Alles has served as the acting deputy commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection since Trump's inauguration. They previously served stints as the CBP's acting executive assistant commissioner of enterprise services and leading the department's Air and Marine Operations.
Story Continued Below
Prior to serving in the federal government, Alles served for 35 years in the Marine Corps, retiring in 2011 with the rank of Major General.
Alles will take the reigns over from Secret Service Deputy Director William Callahan, who has led the Service since former director Joseph Clancy retired on March 4.
The Secret Service has faced repeated breaches and controversies since President Donald Trump entered the White House earlier this year, with two agents reportedly fired over a fence jumping incident in early March.
Alles' expected appointment comes after a search that purposefully looked outside of the Secret Service ranks — and process that hasn't exactly been popular among former agents. The 6,500-person bureau has its own unique characteristics and culture, which are often best understood by someone who has served on a protective detail.
"Imagine taking a guy from USDA and moving them over to be the commandant of the Marine Corps," said Bill Pickle, a former deputy assistant director of the Secret Service. "They're totally different jobs."
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Pickle spoke last week, before word of Alles' expected appointment.
In an email last week, Secret Service spokesperson Cathy Milhoan downplayed the leadership vacuum.
"The absence of an appointed director has not impacted our protective or investigative responsibilities," they said.
But former Secret Service agents have been clamoring for Trump to quickly pick Clancy's full-time replacement.
"It's devastating," said Dan Bongino, a former protective detail agent for presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. "They don't have anyone right now guiding the ship."
Patrick O'Carroll, a former Secret Service agent now serving as executive director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, said the lack of a permanent director "obviously must have some strain" with an agency already suffering from low morale.
O'Carroll also urged Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly to put the Secret Service director appointment at the top of their to-do list considering it is Trump who benefits most.
"The reason is when you start taking a look at what could go wrong on your watch the last thing you want is for something to happen to the president," O'Carroll said.
Cracked, dry or sore lips are both unsightly and painful. They can be caused by a variety of conditions, and can also be symptoms of more serious illnesses. Lips are skin, similar in many respects to the skin on the rest of your body, but unlike much of your skin the lips do not produce natural oils to protect them.
If you live in a town that's cold, or spend much time in air-conditioned places, chapped lips are one of the problems that often arise. But do not worry, we know how to handle it.
1. Do not lick lips
Saliva evaporates quickly from the lips, and this will cause our lips become dry. If you have a habit of licking their lips, avoid the use of fruit-flavored lip balm. Choose a bitter for you not tempted.
2. Always willing lip balm
Do not ever leave alias lip balm lip moisturizer. Bring with you wherever you go, and apply to lips and surrounding area when it's starting to feel dry. Lip moisturizer is best that contains beeswax, shea butter, and SPF to protect lips from sun exposure.
3. Ritual before bed
Do not just brush your teeth, wash face, and wear a moisturizer before bed. In order to keep lips healthy, beautiful, and spared from drought, get used to perform this ritual every night before bed. Take a small towel, and wet with warm water. Then rub the wet towel gently on the lips to peel off dead skin causes chapped lips. After feeling soft, apply a lip moisturizer. This moisturizer will work nourish lips while we sleep.
4. Many drink
You must have known that we should drink at least eight glasses of water every day, right? Dry lips are one way the body's signal that they are short of fluid. So do not just moisturizer from the outside (by applying lip balm), but also moisten the inside with the help of mineral water.
It's our final scheduled PawedCast of the 2017 calendar year and that calls for a special guest. We've certainly got one in Orlando City center back Jonathan Spector. The veteran defender talked to us about their first full season in MLS, playing for Jason Kreis, their mid-season injury, the state of the U.S. Soccer Federation and much more. It was great catching up with Specs.
Before we get to that, we discuss the MLS Cup, the Expansion Draft, Orlando City's off-season to date (and why we're not pushing the panic button on the Lions not signing eight DP-caliber players already — or even one). We're also talking about the big trade that brought Darlington Nagbe east, and I give a brief synopsis of the 2017 Women's College Cup, which took place at Orlando City Stadium.
We talk a bit about the great off-season Pride players are having abroad, particularly Rachel Hill, who's tearing up the W-League with the Perth Glory. And we're back at it answering your mailbag questions. If there's something you want us to address on our next show, just tweet it to us @TheManeLand with the hashtag #AskTMLPC.
Here's how No. 111 went:
0:12- Does win the MLS Cup after the season Toronto FC had made the Reds the best team in Major League Soccer history? That, plus the off-season happenings (and non-happenings) around the league, as well as Ant Pulis getting the band back together in St. Louis.
31:23- Jonathan Spector wouldn't tell us who he's backing for USSF president but they did list two very good reasons why they probably won't see the new Star Wars movie anytime soon. Plus a lot of good thoughts about the 2017 season, mentoring young center back partners, and more.
51:07- Your mailbag questions are answered! Seriously, we'll answer anything you want to know. Plus, a little Pride talk.
Doppelstrategie der AfD
Getrennt, aber im Gleichschritt
Die beiden Fraktionen der AfD im Landtag von Baden-Württemberg nutzen geschickt die Vorteile ihrer Spaltung. Politisch wie ökonomisch.
KARLSRUHE taz | Jetzt also ein Untersuchungsausschuss. Mit herzlicher Umarmung präsentieren die Sprecher der beiden angeblich verfeindeten AfD-Fraktionen Rainer Podeswa und Christina Baum im baden-württembergischen Landtag ihren gemeinsamen Antrag, vermeintliche linksextreme Umtriebe in Baden-Württemberg parlamentarisch untersuchen zu lassen.
Ein geschickter Schachzug: Nach der Geschäftsordnung des Stuttgarter Landtags können nur ein Viertel der Abgeordneten oder zwei Fraktionen gemeinsam einen Untersuchungsausschuss beantragen. Die anderen Parteien im Landtag sind einhellig empört. Der FDP-Fraktionsvorsitzende Ulrich Rülke sagt: „Es passiert das, wovor ich gewarnt habe: Die AFD missbraucht ihre Spaltung, um sich Vorteile zu erschleichen.“ Der Fraktionschef der CDU, Wolfgang Reinhardt, kündigte an, den Antrag der AfD-Fraktionen vom Verfassungsgerichtshof prüfen zu lassen.
Nach dem Grundsatz „Getrennt kassieren, vereint beantragen“, nutzt die Partei ungehemmt auch andere Vorteile, die ihr aus dem Fraktionsschisma in Stuttgart zuteil werden. Der alten AfD-Fraktion und der „Alternative für Baden-Württemberg“-Fraktion (ABW) stehen mit der Trennung jeweils eigene Fraktionsbezüge und doppelte Abgeordnetendiäten für die zwei Fraktionsvorsitzenden nebst eigenem Dienstwagen zu.
Gleichwohl beteuern beide Fraktionen, dass sie, wie die Sprecherin der AfD-Alt-Fraktion Christina Baum erklärt, weiter an einer „Wiedervereinigung“ arbeiten würden. Seit Dienstag hat, auch das eine Premiere, ein Mediationsverfahren zwischen den beiden politischen Spaltprodukten begonnen. Unter Anleitung des Direktors der Akademie für Mediation, Soziales und Recht an der Steinbeis-Hochschule Berlin, Gernot Barth, sollen Wege für einen erneuten Zusammenschluss ausgelotet werden.
Personen- und Machtfragen
Dabei geht es nicht so sehr um politische Positionen, sondern offenbar vor allem um Personen- und Machtfragen. Der äußere Anlass für die Spaltung, die antisemitischen Schriften des AfD-Abgeordneten Wolfgang Gedeon, spielen dabei wohl keine Rolle mehr. Gedeon gehört seit dem Streit keiner der beiden Fraktion an. Er sitzt als fraktionsloser Abgeordneter mit regelmäßigem Rederecht weiter im Landtag. AfD-Mitglied ist er allerdings weiterhin.
Die Annäherung der beiden Fraktionen über den gemeinsamen Untersuchungsausschuss, geschieht übrigens, während AfD-Landes- und Bundessprecher Jörg Meuthen, der die Spaltung im Juni betrieben hatte, im Urlaub weilt. Meuthen sei aber selbstverständlich in alle Entscheidungen eingebunden, heißt es aus seiner Fraktion.
Xbox has teased us with the Xbox Project Scorpio for 2017 and Sony dropped a bomb when it announced the PS4 Pro – and that it'll be out THIS YEAR.
There are suddenly a lot more consoles jostling for that coveted space underneath your TV.
So before both consoles hit shelves, let's take a look at everything we know so far about the two big 4K consoles.
Related: Everything we know so far about Project Scorpio
PROJECT SCORPIO VS PS4 PRO – RELEASE DATE
Microsoft has already revealed that the Xbox Project Scorpio will be available "holiday 2017", so expect to see a release date landing somewhere around October-November next year.
The PS4 Pro is coming a lot sooner than that though, with Sony confirming that the PS4 Pro release date is set for November 15, 2016.
Related: Everything we know about the PS4 Pro
PROJECT SCORPIO VS PS4 PRO – SPECS
In terms of hard tech specs, Microsoft hasn't given much away about Project Scorpio. We know it's going to have an eight-core processor but we're unsure of a clock speed at present. It's also going to have a six teraflop graphics card from AMD and 320GBps of memory bandwidth.
The PS4 Pro on the other hand will have an eight-core x86-64 AMD "Jaguar" CPU with unknown clock speed, 4.2 teraflops AMD Radeon-based graphics card and 8GB GDDR5 RAM and 1TB storage.
Related: PS4 vs PS4 Pro – Which PS4 is best?
In non-techie terms that means that the Project Scorpio will be much better for 4K and VR gaming because of its better graphics card and higher bandwidth.
That extra year of developer the Project Scorpio has may give it that extra technical edge.
There's also one other point to consider when it comes to specs – the 4K Blu-Ray player.
The PS4 Pro does not have a 4K Blu-Ray player, but can steam 4K content from services like Amazon Video and Netflix.
Sony touts its reasoning as the fact that consumers just aren't watching physical Blu-Rays anymore; they're using streaming services instead.
"Our feeling is that while physical media continues to be a big part of the games business, we see a trend on video towards streaming," explained Sony boss Andrew House. "Certainly with our user base, it's the second biggest use case for people's time on the system so we place more emphasis on that area."
The Project Scorpio will most likely come with a 4K Blu-Ray player, as Microsoft has already equipped this year's Xbox One S with one.
PROJECT SCORPIO VS PS4 PRO – GAMES & 4K
The PS4 Pro will support 4K and HDR output for games, but it's not quite as native as you'd hope.
According to Sony's Andrew House, speaking to Digital Spy, the "majority" of PS4 Pro games will upscale rather than native 4K".
"I would say the majority will be upscaled - at least based on the game portfolio I have seen to date," said House.
When pressed further on whether saying PS4 Pro games would run in 4K was misleading, House stated: "No, I don't think so.
"I think that whatever the term is, it's a question of whether people see a demonstrable difference in the game experience or not, rather than the term we use to apply to it.
"I think that's what people are looking for and they'll make their judgement as to whether that's working for them or not."
The PS4 Pro is compatible with all existing PS4 games, as well as PlayStation VR games.
Of course, the Xbox Project Scorpio is all about the games too. Microsoft is already touting it as the "most powerful console ever made".
Microsoft is claiming that Project Scorpio will deliver "the highest res, the best framerate, with no compromises".
And when comparing the Project Scorpio to the PS4 Pro, Microsoft's Albert Penello said the PS4 Pro's 4.2 teraflops of power just isn't enough to run games in native 4K.
"I think there are a lot of caveats they're giving customers right now about 4K," said Penello to Eurogamer. "They're talking about checkerboard rendering and up-scaling and things like that.
"There are just a lot of asterisks in their marketing around 4K, which is interesting because when we thought about what spec we wanted for Scorpio, we were very clear we wanted developers to take their Xbox One engines and render them in native, true 4K.
"That was why we picked the number, that's why we have the memory bandwidth we have, that's why we have the teraflops we have, because it's what we heard from game developers was required to achieve native 4K."
All your existing and future Xbox One games will work with the Project Scorpio and there won't be any Scorpio exclusives either.
PROJECT SCORPIO VS PS4 PRO – VIRTUAL REALITY
The biggest focus for the PS4 Pro, aside from the super tasty graphics of course, will be making sure gamers get the best virtual reality experience possible.
Sony's PlayStation VR (or PS VR) is due to launch on October 13 and although it's very much compatible with the current PS4, with better internal hardware power the aim of the Pro is to make sure you get no nausea-inducing lag, the best resolution and the most comfortable experience.
Related: 5 reasons PS VR will be the winning virtual reality headset
The Xbox Project Scorpio on the other hand technically doesn't have a VR partner yet. But we're putting our money on Microsoft announcing a VR partnership with Oculus for Project Scorpio.
Not only is it the best fit for a console VR experience, but seeing as every Oculus Rift already comes with an Xbox One controller, they're basically halfway there.
Related: How to get ready for PlayStation VR
PROJECT SCORPIO VS PS4 PRO – PRICE
The big question for both the PS4 Pro and the Project Scorpio is how much they'll cost. But thankfully, we already have the answer for one of those questions.
Sony has confirmed that the PS4 Pro will cost £349.99 – exactly the same price as the original PS4 at launch – with the new PS4 Slim providing the lower-end option at just £249.99.
The Project Scorpio on the other hand is expected to be a little more expensive, especially with those snazzy internal specs. Its price is expected to be around £600 come launch, putting it on par with the lower end VR-compatible PC rigs.
Kosovar special police units launched an operation overnight to take control of two disputed border crossings in Kosovo's northern Serb-run border region, the Kosovar interior minister said.
The action follows last week's ban by Kosovar authorities on goods coming in from Serbia, a decision made to counter Serbia's ongoing rejection of Kosovo's 2008 declaration of independence.
Interior Minister Bajram Rexhepi said Kosovar authorities were forced to move after the European Union's rule of law mission, known as Eulex, failed to enforce the ban.
They said some 40 police officers are in control of one checkpoint, while a second group is engaged in a tense stand off with local Serbs blocking access to another border crossing.
Both crossings were set on fire by rioting Serbs on the eve of Kosovo's secession and have since been loosely manned by the 3,000-strong EU mission.
Eulex spokesperson Nicholas Hawton said the force was not part of the operation.
Nato peacekeepers have been deployed to the area to deal with any violent threats and their top commander Major General Erhard Buehler has engaged in talks with Serb demonstrators to defuse the situation, a Nato official said.
Mr Rexhepi said the situation was tense but pledged police would not “endanger the lives of the citizen”.
Kosovo authorities have criticised Eulex for not moving against Serb warlords in Kosovo's north and of being biased against former ethnic Albanian rebels that fought against Serbia during the 1998-99 war.
Eulex has launched a series of investigations into alleged war crimes committed by the former rebels as well as embezzlement of public funds by the former guerrillas turned political leaders.
The overnight action could undermine progress made between Kosovo and Serbia in EU-sponsored talks aimed at resolving practical issues, such as travel documents.
Kosovo has been recognised by 77 nations. But Serbia has successfully blocked its membership in the United Nations, where many countries share its rejection of unilateral declarations of independence by separatist regions.
Nato bombed Serbia for 78 days in 1999 to force it to stop a brutal crackdown on separatist ethnic Albanians.
Claims that the world will end on Friday have gained traction in China, where the disaster movie 2012 was a box office hit
It's the end of the world – unless you're in the Chinese Communist party. Over the past few weeks, Chinese authorities have detained over 93 people across seven provinces for spreading rumours that the end is nigh, laying bare the party's obsession with social stability and maintaining its tight grip on power.
Many people in China believe in the so-called "Mayan apocalypse" – slated to take place on 21 December, the last day on the Mayan long count calendar – because it was the central premise of the disaster film 2012, a box office sensation in China when it was released three years ago.
A man who slashed 22 schoolchildren last week in Henan province was "psychologically affected" by doomsday rumours, wrote the state newswire Xinhua. Shoppers in Sichuan province have been panic buying candles, convinced that Friday will kick off three consecutive days of darkness.
Authorities in far north-western Qinghai province arrested 37 members of a group called the Church of the Almighty God for spreading doomsday rumours last Thursday, according to a provincial government website. The group, which was founded in 1992, believes that a female Jesus has been, or will be, reincarnated in mainland China. It has called for death to the "Big Red Dragon", its term for the Communist party. Hundreds of its followers have clashed with police in three provinces over the past week.
"A big eye was found in the sun on 9 December in Beijing, and female Jesus manifested themselves with their name. Great tsunamis and earthquakes are about to happen around the world," said part of a text message that the group sent to its adherents, according to the state-run Global Times newspaper. Chinese authorities call the group an "evil cult" that is guilty of embezzlement, kidnapping and torture.
State media said that authorities confiscated "a large number of banners, discs, slogans, books and printing machines", but did not go into detail. It did not mention the group's member count, though independent estimates range from thousands to over a million.
The rapid rise of subversive, quasi-religious groups in China is not without precedent. The mid-19th Taiping Rebellion, a bloody uprising against the Manchu Qing emperor, was led by a peasant claiming to be the younger brother of Jesus Christ; their army at one point controlled a swath of the country home to 30 million people. The persecuted spiritual group Falun Gong – also labelled an "evil cult" by Chinese authorities – operates an openly anti-Communist newspaper and television station from overseas.
"There's an incentive for politicians to strike back at these groups and their way of thinking, to reassure everyone that everything's going to be all right," said Joshua Rosenzweig, researcher at the Centre for China Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. "The most important thing is that they are sending a message of zero tolerance and trying to keep control."
Authorities have detained a total of 34 people in the south-eastern province of Fujian for spreading rumours, six of them for selling red paper discs emblazoned with apocalypse-proof charms. Another four were accused of encouraging pedestrians to save themselves by handing over their names, phone numbers and addresses. Four were arrested in Hebei and Sichuan provinces for distributing cataclysm-themed leaflets, and another four in the south-western metropolis Chongqing for prophesying via megaphone on the city's streets.
Some Chinese people have found less subversive ways of dealing with the prophecy. Companies have made waves on social media websites by offering doomsday holidays and bonuses. One farmer in Hebei province built seven buoyant steel-and-fibreglass "survival pods" in their garage. Each costs about £30,000, holds 14 people, and includes oxygen, food, water and safety belts. Another pod-maker in Zhejiang province has received 21 orders for their high-quality, custom-made arks. One sold for almost £500,000.
A farmer in the far-western Xinjiang Autonomous Region spent about £100,000 to build a barge-like ark with 60 tonnes of steel and 30 protective layers of fibre resin. "I invested all of my savings in the construction of this boat," they told Chinese media. "When the time comes, everyone can take refuge in it."
Riots shake Tunisia and Algeria
By Alex Lantier
10 January 2011
Police repression of mass protests in Tunisia and Algeria last week has led to the deaths of over a dozen people, with hundreds injured. There was rioting against food price increases and state subsidy cuts across Algeria, amid ongoing demonstrations in Tunisia against unemployment and the regime of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
The Algerian protests reflect deepening mass opposition to the free-market policies of the army-backed regime of President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, of the National Liberation Front (FLN). Prices of essential, state-subsidized food items including flour, cooking oil, and sugar have doubled in the past few months in Algeria. World market prices are rising, and the state has tried to pass part of the price increase through to grocers and consumers.
More broadly, the protests reflect mass anger at terrible social conditions in Algeria. According to the International Monetary Fund, 75 percent of the Algerian population is under 25; they face a 30 percent unemployment rate. The state is also trying to impose a 17 percent sales tax on street vendors in Algeria's large informal sector.
After reports of sporadic rioting throughout the country, there was large-scale rioting in Algeria's major cities at the end of last week.
Squads of riot police set up roadblocks and attacked protestors in the Belcourt and Bab el-Oued districts of Algiers on Friday. Protestors sacked police stations, banks, or government offices in “several eastern cities” including Constantine, Jijel, Setif, and Bouira, according to Algeria's official APS news agency. AFP also reported violent clashes in Oran, Algeria's second-largest city, Annaba, and Tizi Ouzou—the main city of the ethnic-minority Kabylie region.
The government backtracked yesterday, announcing it would cut prices by slashing duties on sugar and oil by 41 percent. However, certain sources, including the web site Tout Sur l'Algérie, contested government figures, claiming the measures' net effect would only be a 5 percent cut in food prices.
The government has also banned football (soccer) matches. The BBC noted that matches are “seen as a potential catalyst for protests.”
Algerian Interior Minister Daho Ould Kablia confirmed yesterday that three youths had been killed during the protests, in M'sila, Tipasa, and Boumerdes. Official statistics claim that 300 people were injured. Le Figaro reported that Sadek Bendjedid, a 65-year-old taxi driver, died from smoke inhalation from intense police barrages of tear gas.
Unrest deepened in Tunisia over the weekend, amid reports of pitched battles between protestors and sections of the security forces.
The BBC wrote that 14 people were killed in two cities, Kasserine and Tala. Tunisia's official TAP news agency released a statement saying: “Several government buildings in Kasserine were attacked by groups who set fire to and destroyed three banks, a police station, and a filling station, and set fire to a police vehicle.” Four people were reported killed in Regueb.
The protests started when an unemployed university graduate working as an itinerant vegetable seller, Mohamed Bouazizi, set themselves on fire in front of government offices in Sidi Bouzid to protest the police's confiscation of their stock. Police claimed that they did not have a permit to sell vegetables. Bouazizi died on January 4.
AFP reported that the marchers at the funeral chanted: “Farewell, Mohammed, we will avenge you. We weep for you today, we will make those who caused your death weep.”
Their uncle, Mehdi Horchani, told AFP: “Mohammed gave their lives to draw attention to their condition and that of their brothers.” As in Algeria, Tunisia faces a crisis of youth unemployment, as the state's free-market policies have slashed jobs and made it virtually impossible to obtain employment without personal connections or paying bribes.
Le Monde wrote: “In the strongly state-supported economy, an advanced degree used to guarantee a stable job, often in the state or para-state sector. But things changed with the major structural reforms of the post-Bourguiba era,” with unemployment rising rapidly in the late 1990s. The youth unemployment rate is now comparable to Algeria's.
A French business person in Tunisia told Le Monde: “Here it's not rare to be served at a gas station by someone with a master's degree in sociology. Cleaning women have English degrees, the fruit vendor has a doctorate in mathematics, and so on.”
Trying to disrupt the organization of protests and halt media reporting, the Tunisian government is clamping down on the Internet. It blocked secure access to Facebook and web mail applications last week; journalists and political activists in Tunisia have reported that their accounts have since been hacked and taken over.
In particular, the Ben Ali regime is anxious to block sites that discuss WikiLeaks material on Tunisia. Though the US and Europe firmly support the Ben Ali clique against the Tunisian population, US diplomats' frank assessment of the situation in Tunisia—usually hidden from the public—paints a devastating portrait of the government.
In a July 2009 cable published by WikiLeaks, US diplomats wrote: “While we share some key values and the country has a strong record on development, Tunisia has big problems. President Ben Ali is aging, their regime is sclerotic and there is no clear successor. Many Tunisians are frustrated by the lack of political freedom and angered by First Family corruption, high unemployment and regional inequities.”
In another cable—titled “Corruption in Tunisia: What's Yours is Mine”—US diplomats wrote: “Corruption in Tunisia is getting worse. Whether it's cash, services, land, property, or yes, even your yacht, President Ben Ali's family is rumored to covet it and reportedly gets what it wants. … President Ben Ali's extended family is often cited as the nexus of Tunisian corruption. Often referred to as a quasi-mafia, an oblique mention of ‘the Family' is enough to indicate which family you mean. Seemingly half of the Tunisian business community can claim a Ben Ali connection through marriage, and many of these relations are reported to have made the most of their lineage.”
These assessments highlight the imperialist double standard of US and European regimes in dealing with regimes in the Middle East. When defeated, US-backed Iranian candidate Mirhossein Mousavi tried to steal the June 2009 Iranian presidential election. US and European governments denounced the Iranian government's suppression of the protests. Ben Ali's use of violence and censorship to defend the interests of Tunisia's ruling clique has elicited no protest, however, as they are viewed as a Western ally.
France—the former colonial power in Algeria and Tunisia, and which has large populations of immigrants from the two countries—has made no official statements on the protests. Le Monde noted: “Tunisia has long been a privileged partner of Europe on economic matters, in the war on immigration and terrorism. It has solid allies in Italy and France, which is certainly the reason for the embarrassed silence that has dominated until now.”
US State Department spokesperson P.J. Crowley issued a statement calling for “restraint on all sides” in Tunisia Saturday. At the same time, the Tunisian ambassador was summoned to the State Department for talks.
There is rising concern in the bourgeois media and diplomatic establishment about the possibility that these protests could spread. Indeed, their fundamental causes—social deprivation enforced by governments unresponsive to the population—are problems facing workers around the world.
Saudi Arabia's Arab News bluntly wrote: “Those who see these disturbances as a local North African difficulty should think again. The hopelessness that drove this young Tunisian to their death, that has prompted several thousands of their compatriots to do the rare thing for Tunisia—take to the streets and riot—and that has seen young Algerians looting and rioting this week against price rises are a breakdown in law and order that was waiting to happen. It can happen elsewhere in the Arab world. It is not just in North Africa that the specter of unemployment looms.”
Protests could also spread to Europe, with its large populations of oppressed North African immigrants. In France, there was a demonstration supporting Algerian and Tunisian protestors in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille yesterday.
"The Tra La La Song (One Banana, Two Banana)" is a 1968 pop song, which was the theme song for the children's television program The Banana Splits Adventure Hour.[1] Originally released by Decca Records on the album titled We're the Banana Splits, the single release peaked at #96 on the Billboard Hot 100 on February 8, 1969.[2] The writing of the song is credited to Mark Barkan and Ritchie Adams, who were the show's music directors. However, there are claims that the theme was written by jingle writer N. B. Winkless, Jr. of the Leo Burnett Agency but was credited to Adams and Barkan for contractual reasons.[3]
In 1995, Hollywood Library released the 1,000-copy limited-edition CD reissue We're the Banana Splits/Here Come the Beagles which, in addition to the original album version, includes an alternate version on the song.[4]
Cover versions [ edit ]
American punk rock band The Dickies made the song a hit in the United Kingdom in 1979 with their cover version, marketed by A&M Records as "Banana Splits (Tra La La Song)". The record reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart.[5] This cover version was later used in the 2010 film Kick-Ass.[6]
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, Dec. 31 (UPI) -- A blaze erupted Thursday at a five-star hotel tower in Dubai, near where a major fireworks display was set to go off at midnight -- lighting up the night sky as flames licked nearly the entire height of the skyscraper.
The fire started about 10 p.m. local time in a 63-story mixed hotel-residential tower called the Address, Downtown Dubai -- which is across a small lake from Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building.
Government officials said the blaze started on the 20th floor, on the outside of the tower.
Video and images from the scene showed flames running up nearly the entire length of the tower and burning debris falling from the skyscraper.
Dubai's official media office cited 14 minor injuries, one moderate injury and a heart attack "due [to] over-crowding and smoke at the fire site," but officials indicated there were no serious injuries.
"There are no injuries, thank God ... of course, it will not affect the celebration," Major General Rashed al-Matrushi, general director of the Dubai Civil Defence, told a live newscast, Britain's Telegraph reported.
The fireworks display went off at midnight, as scheduled.
"A fire has been reported in the Address Downtown hotel. Authorities are currently on-site to address the incident swiftly and safely," the Dubai Media Office tweeted earlier, adding that at least four firefighting brigades responded to the blaze.
The tower, which houses 200 hotel rooms and 600 residential units, was immediately evacuated, as was the adjoining Dubai Waterfront.
"I saw the flames just as it started, and now it is out of hand," witness Ahmad Al Bader, who was at the Burj Khalifa, told UAE's The National. "I can't see anything because of the smoke ... It looks like it's completely gone."
"It's gone from just a small fire at the foot of the building and now it's shooting up the middle and the top," another witness, Mohammed Al Sarraf, said. "It's raging."
Government officials promised the New Year's Eve celebrations would go forward, which included three massive fireworks displays -- one at the Burj Khalifa. The entire display reportedly involved 1.6 tons of pyrotechnics.
Thursday's blaze is similar to another fire that broke out at another residential tower in February in Dubai's Marina District. That tower was evacuated, and no one was seriously injured.
The first part of Metal Gear Solid V wasn't always going to be on next-gen consoles—in fact, series creator Hideo Kojima says it could have been a PSP game. Then we might have been waiting even longer between the game's two parts.
Speaking to Kotaku through a translator at the PS4 launch event earlier this week in Manhattan, Kojima explained why they chose to split up Ground Zeroes and Phantom Pain into different games, to be released totally independently. Ground Zeroes, after all, is a prologue to the main game.
"Honestly, I really wanted to release Ground Zeroes right after Peace Walker," Kojima said. "Whether on PSP or PS3. But then we had development issues, some delays with Metal Gear Rising as well. And then we learned about next generation coming, so it ended up being the way it is now."
Ground Zeroes will be out this spring as a $30 release for PS3, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PS4. Phantom Pain will be out... eventually. To some fans, this feels like an outrage—why should we have to pay $30 for a prologue?—but Kojima says they split up the games for the fans, not to spite them.
Advertisement
"Of course it would be ideal to release Ground Zeroes and the main part of the game all together," Kojima said. "But at the same time given that this week we have the next generation of game consoles coming out, a lot of the fans wanted to play something sooner. And given that the main game is a rather big game and still in development, it will take a little bit more time to get it out. We decided to listen to the fans and put at least the prologue out there so people will get the experience."
In other words, don't expect to be playing all Metal Gear Solid V for a long, long time.
Where Robot Cars (Robocars) Can Really Take Us
Where Robot Cars (Robocars) Can Really Take Us
Or how computer geeks can enable the electric car, save the planet and millions of lives using near-term A.I. to make taxis and trucks deliver, park, recharge and drive themselves.
For the lastest news and updates , check out my Robocars Blog. Many of the essays on this site were written 10 years ago but are still mostly accurate today -- but they could use some updating.
The dream of cars that drive themselves -- robocars -- has existed for decades. In the 2000s it got kickstarted, and the 2010s saw rapid development by scores of major players. Now the 2020s will see commercial deployment. It's not science-fiction any more.
The technology behind this is fascinating, but even more interesting are other questions that surround the robot car future. Those issues include:
The staggering numbers that make it necessary and inevitable.
How we might get past the social and legal barriers.
How it will change energy, pollution, cities, transit, war, work, real estate and manufacturing -- and yes, cars.
I'll tell you why and how robocars can deal with much of this, and paint you a "roadmap" to this future. I'll reveal why a number of the most interesting robocar boons come from things they can do when there's nobody inside.
But I want to start you with some amazingly huge numbers, so large they seem almost absurd. Nonetheless, I believe that robocars could, in the USA alone, per year, enable savings like these:
33,000 lives and a million injuries (NIH). Mostly young people, for whom car accidents are the leading cause of death among major categories. Over a million lives/year around the world.
and a million injuries (NIH). Mostly young people, for whom car accidents are the leading cause of death among major categories. Over a million lives/year around the world. A large portion of 870 billion dollars of accident cost (NHTSA). About 5% of GDP.
of accident cost (NHTSA). About 5% of GDP. 50 billion hours (or 1 trillion dollars ) of people's time. Around 8% of GDP.
) of people's time. Around 8% of GDP. 50 billion gallons of gasoline , replaced with the equivalent of 10 billion "gallons" of domestic-source power plant fuel. Thus eliminating about 12-15% of the USA's CO 2 emissions and nastier pollution.
, replaced with the equivalent of 10 billion "gallons" of domestic-source power plant fuel. Thus eliminating about 12-15% of the USA's CO emissions and nastier pollution. A serious reduction in the urban land devoted to the ~600 million parking spaces, estimated to be up to 10% of urban land in many cities.
Now multiply that by 5 to get figures for the whole planet. If that's not enough to get you going, I am not sure what is. I calculate that the human race drives around 1.7 light years every year. Yes, together we're going faster than light.
Executive Summary
They're here: Robot cars (Robocars) are operating in pilot projects already, and will go into commercial deployment in the 2020s. There's a path to get us there. Robocars make computers the most important part of cars, and bring the Moore's-law acceleration to transportation. Google's robocars have aready gone over 10 million miles (2018) on regular roads, operated with no human supervision in special cases and today drive a special set of members of the public around the Phoenix area. And almost all automakers, and suppliers, plus many tech companies and startups are in the game, with many billions of dollars already invested.
Robot cars (Robocars) are operating in pilot projects already, and will go into commercial deployment in the 2020s. There's a path to get us there. Robocars make computers the most important part of cars, and bring the Moore's-law acceleration to transportation. Google's robocars have aready gone over 10 million miles (2018) on regular roads, operated with no human supervision in special cases and today drive a special set of members of the public around the Phoenix area. And almost all automakers, and suppliers, plus many tech companies and startups are in the game, with many billions of dollars already invested. They're Legal: Many U.S. states and many countries have passed laws defining their testing and operation, and some now have rules for vehicles with no human supervision to operate.
Many U.S. states and many countries have passed laws defining their testing and operation, and some now have rules for vehicles with no human supervision to operate. Military-prompted, civilian made: The military started it but the civiliant world has taken the ball and run far beyond that.
The military started it but the civiliant world has taken the ball and run far beyond that. Enables electric cars: By providing a solution to the range/battery problem, self-delivered cars enable the small electric car, which is vastly more efficient than existing cars or even trains.
By providing a solution to the range/battery problem, self-delivered cars enable the small electric car, which is vastly more efficient than existing cars or even trains. Greener: Efficient electric cars could reduce urban car greenhouse gas emissions by 80%.
Efficient electric cars could reduce urban car greenhouse gas emissions by 80%. End of Transit: Ultralight, single-rider urban robocars can get the equivalent of over 350 miles per gallon. In that future, our 20-40 passenger-mpg bus and rail transit systems fade away.
Ultralight, single-rider urban robocars can get the equivalent of over 350 miles per gallon. In that future, our 20-40 passenger-mpg bus and rail transit systems fade away. Autonomous: Unlike earlier designs, robocars will probably be fully autonomous (no special lanes or central control) and ride the streets safely with human driven cars and pedestrians.
Unlike earlier designs, robocars will probably be fully autonomous (no special lanes or central control) and ride the streets safely with human driven cars and pedestrians. Saves lives: Every year we delay deploying robocars (and related technology) in the USA, human driving will kill another 33,000, and 1.2 million worldwide.
Every year we delay deploying robocars (and related technology) in the USA, human driving will kill another 33,000, and 1.2 million worldwide. Less War: A move to electric cars would vastly decrease the need to import oil from unfriendly nations.
A move to electric cars would vastly decrease the need to import oil from unfriendly nations. Solves parking, congestion: Robocars can remove most problems with parking and traffic congestion. In fact, cities may need no more parking lots in the distant future.
Robocars can remove most problems with parking and traffic congestion. In fact, cities may need no more parking lots in the distant future. Truly enables alternative fuels: Through the ability to go refuel themselves when not in use, robocars can experiment with novel fuels without needing a dense network of refueling stations on day one. Robots don't care how inconvenient refueling, recharging or parking are.
Through the ability to go refuel themselves when not in use, robocars can experiment with novel fuels without needing a dense network of refueling stations on day one. Robots don't care how inconvenient refueling, recharging or parking are. Right vehicle: On-demand, cellphone-summoned robotaxis can let you summon the right vehicle for the trip, freeing you to buy the right car for most of your trips rather than insisting on a car to handle all your needs. If you buy a car at all. And if you do, you might hire yours out when not using it.
On-demand, cellphone-summoned robotaxis can let you summon the right vehicle for the trip, freeing you to buy the right car for most of your trips rather than insisting on a car to handle all your needs. If you buy a car at all. And if you do, you might hire yours out when not using it. Self-delivered: Before the robotaxi, a car which will bring itself to you on demand but which is still driven by a human could provide many of the benefits.
Before the robotaxi, a car which will bring itself to you on demand but which is still driven by a human could provide many of the benefits. Little public money: Robocars require no new infrastructure or public money. It's all paid for incrementally by private citizens.
Robocars require no new infrastructure or public money. It's all paid for incrementally by private citizens. Bottom up adoption: Robocars can be designed for a competitive market, and bought by consumers. In electronics, this causes soaring innovation vastly unlike what central planning of transportation offers. Rich, technophile "early adopters" will drive the technology before it's ready for everybody.
Robocars can be designed for a competitive market, and bought by consumers. In electronics, this causes soaring innovation vastly unlike what central planning of transportation offers. Rich, technophile "early adopters" will drive the technology before it's ready for everybody. Deliverbots: Deliverbots can change the economics of shipping and rarely used manufactured goods with just-in-time on-demand rental delivery.
Deliverbots can change the economics of shipping and rarely used manufactured goods with just-in-time on-demand rental delivery. If not here, elsewhere: Nations are racing to take the lead, with big efforts in China, Japan, Singapore, Korea, Germany, Sweden, the UK and other places.
You can leave comments at this blog post.
In addition, you can read and subscribe to the Robocars section of my blog.
Here is a link to the "slides" of my Robocar talk as a Prezi.
MAKIYVKA, Ukraine (Reuters) - Pro-Russia separatists brought reporters on Tuesday to witness the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line in east Ukraine under a ceasefire deal, but Ukraine said the rebels were using the cover of the truce to reinforce for another advance.
Fighting has eased in eastern Ukraine in recent days, raising hope that a ceasefire due to start on Feb. 15 can finally take effect after the rebels initially ignored it to storm a government-held town last week.
The prospect that the ceasefire will fail has fueled a rout in the Ukrainian hryvnia, which plunged 11 percent to close at 31.63 to the dollar. The currency has already lost half its value since the start of this year after halving during the whole of 2014. Dollar bonds issued by Ukrainian companies sold off heavily after authorities tightened currency controls.
A feud over natural gas, which appeared to have been settled for the winter by an agreement late last year, has also resurfaced, with Moscow threatening to cut off Kiev's supplies in two days unless Kiev pays more money.
Since taking the railway hub of Debaltseve in one of the worst defeats of the war for Kiev, the Moscow-backed rebels have indicated they now want to abide by the truce. Kiev says the rebels are still shooting, which they deny.
Reuters journalists in rebel-held territory watched 10 trucks carrying howitzers roll through Makiyvka, near rebel-held Donetsk. Rebels said the guns were on their way from Donetsk toward Amvrosiyvka, a town far from the front and close to the Russian frontier.
Near Amvrosiyvka, Reuters journalists saw a second convoy carrying 14 howitzers, also heading toward the Russian border.
Rebel commander Eduard Basurin said there were no plans for any further military advances. “That's it. We are going no further,” they said.
They said the rebels still aimed to gain control of the entire territory of east Ukraine's two rebellious provinces, including the government-held port of Mariupol, but would seek this through “negotiations with the Ukrainian side”.
Basurin said late on Tuesday that 100 artillery pieces had been pulled back during the course of the day, and the rebels intended to complete the entire withdrawal of all heavy weapons as required under the truce, despite an announcement by Kiev that it was not yet ready to start.
“However many there are, they will all be withdrawn. The mission of the OSCE will monitor all the sectors and confirm whether or not we are lying,” they told reporters in Donetsk, referring to the European security body tasked with verifying the truce.
The Kiev military said rebel assertions they were pulling back guns were “empty words”.
“On the contrary, the terrorist groups, making use of the ceasefire period, are reinforcing their units and building up ammunition.”
NOT GIVING UP
Western countries have not given up on the ceasefire deal to end fighting that has killed more than 5,600 people, although they remain suspicious of the rebels and their presumed patron, Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Foreign ministers of Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany met in Paris on Tuesday and backed the ceasefire, pledging more resources to enable the OSCE to monitor it.
Trucks of the separatist self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic army towing mobile artillery cannons, are seen as they pull back from Donetsk, February 24, 2015.REUTERS/Baz Ratner
The rebels say they have observed the truce despite their massive assault last week, arguing that the ceasefire never applied to their target, the town of Debaltseve. Kiev and its Western allies say the operation was a brazen violation of the truce.
European countries have warned of new economic sanctions against Moscow if the rebels advance deeper into territory the Kremlin calls “New Russia”. Washington says it could arm Kiev.
Britain said it would deploy military personnel to Ukraine in the next month to help train the Ukrainian army, warning that Moscow would destabilize other countries if left unchallenged.
SOLE SIGNAL
Kiev's military said one of its soldiers had been killed and seven wounded in the past 24 hours, and repeated that it would not start pulling back weapons until shooting stopped.
“As soon as the fighters implement the ceasefire for two full days, that is the sole signal to start the withdrawal,” military spokesperson Andriy Lysenko said in a briefing, noting however that fighting had diminished.
Separatist press service DAN reported 10 incidents of government shelling near Donetsk.
However, Basurin denied Kiev's assertions that there were serious clashes in villages near Mariupol, saying there had been provocations from the Ukrainian side but no major incidents. Kiev fears Mariupol, with its 500,000 people, could be the next major rebel target.
Kiev and its Western allies say the rebels are funded and armed by Moscow, and backed by Russian military units. Moscow denies aiding sympathizers in Ukraine, and says heavily armed Russian-speaking troops operating without insignia there are not its men.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Asked if Moscow is lying when it denies sending men and material, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said: “Yes.”
Putin, who has mainly struck a conciliatory tone since the rebels captured Debaltseve, said in a television interview they did not think Russia and Ukraine would go to war.
“I think that such an apocalyptic scenario is unlikely and I hope this will never happen,” they said.
Robert Gabriel Mugabe was born on 21 February 1924 in Kutama, Zimbabwe (then Southern Rhodesia) to Gabriel, a mission carpenter, and Bona Mugabe. Initially educated at missionary schools, Robert completed their secondary and early college studies through correspondence, qualifying as a secondary school teacher in 1941. They taught at a variety of mission schools before going to South Africa, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in english and history from Fort Hare University in 1951. Upon returning home in 1952, Mugabe taught at Highfield (Harare) and Mambo (Gwelo) government schools. In 1955, Mugabe moved to Northern Rhodesia to teach at Chalimbana Teacher Training College after obtaining a bachelor's degree in education by correspondence.
In 1957, Robert Mugabe went to Ghana to teach at St. Mary's College. It was there that they developed an interest in politics after being inspired by Ghanaian independence and charismatic leaders including Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah and Malawi's Hastings Kamuzu Banda. It was there that they met their first wife, Sally Hayfron (later deceased).
Upon Mugabe's return from Ghana in 1960, they entered the political arena by becoming the publicity secretary and youth organizer for the National Democratic Party (NDP). The NDP was banned on 9 December 1961, but Mugabe became deputy secretary general for the ZAPU. In 1962, authorities banned ZAPU and arrested Mugabe. They were placed under detention from 1964–74, when international pressures secured their release along with other nationalist leaders. From 1974–79, Mugabe commanded guerilla forces from Mozambique. They were elected ZANU president and the
commander in chief of the Zimbabwe National Liberation Army (ZANLA) in 1977 and ultimately led ZANU to the Lancaster House agreements in 1979.
On 16 August 1996, Mugabe married Grace Marufu, their former secretary. The wedding, dubbed "wedding of the century," was attended by 40,000 people. Mugabe's contribution to Zimbabwean and African development are widely recognized; they hold many honorary degrees and two awards for public service: Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger (1988) and the Jawaharlal Nehru Award (1989). They and their wife have a residence at Zvimba, a rural village 50 mi (80 km) west of Harare.
Finding love online isn't a novel concept. But finding it in a comments section of a much-trolled Web site (which, really, is every Web site) — that's unique. Yet it's exactly what happened for bleu_girl_04 and AAWolv, aka two Michigan football fans named Kate Queram and Brandon Wagoner who got married over the weekend, ESPN.com reports.
GETTING MARRIED IS THE BEST IF YOU WERE WONDERING #profeshtweets pic.twitter.com/lndoVCWQ4v — Kate E. Queram (@KateElizabethNR) October 27, 2015
The two avatars first met in 2012 as regular commenters on ESPN's Big Ten blog, which ESPN's Adam Rittenberg and Brian Bennett clearly have a high opinion of:
“For those who forget, the blog's pre-Facebook comments section allowed users to post anonymously, identified only by handles of their choosing. Like most online forums, it was humanity's digital septic tank, a playground for the obnoxious, the juvenile and the fakest of tough guys (and, occasionally, gals). Insults flew like paper airplanes in detention. If commenters weren't putting down rival schools, they were trolling one another. Intelligent football discussions would occasionally initiate, but most threads turned ugly in a hurry.”
What could possibly be more romantic?!
Sure, the correct answer is “nearly everything,” but according to Queram, there was one giant advantage to finding love in this “digital septic tank.” Wagoner stood out as one of the message board's only non-trolls.
“Brandon was the only one who didn't accuse me of being a middle-aged man in a basement somewhere. so you know, that's a good first impression,” said Queram.
Wagoner's attraction wasn't so instant, however.
“All I remember is wondering why they had this weird obsession with Bo Pelini,” they said.
That is weird, considering Pelini, the former Nebraska coach who now leads the Youngstown State Penguins, has basically no connection with the school.
“It was mostly because of Faux Pelini who I was pretty sure was Real Pelini for a long time,” Queram said.
Oh, okay then.
[Faux Pelini will live on, despite Bo Pelini's ouster from Nebraska]
Pelini aside, the two star-crossed commenters chatted and flirted for about six months on the message board before deciding to move their relationship to the next level — the phone. They didn't get there without the help of Brandon's dad, however, who had voiced concern that their son was getting catfished by, well, a middle-aged guy in a basement.
“I said, ‘Are you sure it's a girl you're talking to?' ” Wagoner's dad told ESPN, remembering this was all happening around the same time as the Manti Te'o catfishing story.
I probably need to send Manti Te'o a card, right? I'M SORRY MANTI. KIND OF. https://t.co/qj8TKdavah — Kate E. Queram (@KateElizabethNR) October 29, 2015
Wagoner was sure, though, and the conversation flowed so naturally that soon the couple decided to meet in person. Or rather, Wagoner decided it was time to meet in person. They drove from Ann Arbor, Mich., to Queram's house in North Carolina for a surprise visit.
“It was pretty serious right away,” Queram recalls, possibly because a man she'd never met in real life just drove 12 hours to meet them “I think because we felt like we'd spent so much time getting to know each other already.”
Soon Wagoner decided to relocate to North Carolina and the two became set on starting a non-virtual life together… as long as the wedding occurred on Michigan's bye week.
“Luckily, they pointed out the bye week first thing,” Wagoner said.
0 Vietnam vet facing felony charges for allegedly running drug operation from Glassport house
GLASSPORT, Pa. - A 73-year-old man is facing charges for allegedly running a drug operation out of their house in Glassport.
Police said this case started 20 years ago when Beau Zimmerman, a Vietnam veteran, brought marijuana seeds back with them from Vietnam and then started a growth house and has been running it ever since.
Glassport police said they found 100 marijuana plants inside 311 Harrison Street, a duplex owned by Zimmerman. In addition to the plants, investigators also found scales, baggies and some other evidence to indicate that they possibly had a processing operation going on as well.
Investigators said Zimmerman rented out one side of the duplex and ran a growth house on the other.
Police said Zimmerman had no previous dealings with police and was very cooperative and let them search theirs house.
Zimmerman's next door neighbor, Ashley Moore, watched the situation from a distance.
"They were carrying out irrigation systems, pot plants that were like 6 feet high, by 3-4 feet wide. And they had several flats of little pot plants. There were about 20 of those. Three truck loads of stuff went out of there," said Moore.
Officers said they go several anonymous tips over the last two months that led them to search Zimmerman's house.
Zimmerman is facing felony charges, and if convicted, there was enough marijuana in the house to send them to prison.
Police said Zimmerman has some health problems and might suffer dementia, but they agreed to turn themselves in.
Pictured: Joseph Mallozzi, Jay Firestone, Vanessa Piazza, & Norman Denver (Image courtesy Joe Mallozzi)
If you visit our site at all it's probably coming as no surprise that I'm crazy for Dark Matter. I love the show for many reasons, one of them being the accessibility of the cast and crew. Creator, showrunner, and consumer of weird (his word, not mine) foods, Joseph Mallozzi is probably one of the most accessible and interactive people in entertainment ever. He's unbelievably active on social media and has been blogging for so long and so consistently, I'm pretty sure they started before computers were a consumer item. You can find out more than you thought existed about Dark Matter, Stargate, and events in Joe's life by visiting Joseph Mallozzi's Weblog where you'll find, I believe, over three and a half thousand entries!
While I'm almost constantly annoying them with stupid questions asking them about the show, when I was offered the chance for an interview, I jumped at it. Joe answers some questions about the rest of this season and talks about plans for season 2, but let me be clear that at the time of this writing Dark Matter had not been officially renewed for a second season. I just don't want anyone booking a Transfer Transit trip until we know if we're going for a second round.
TIBS: Are the mega corps going to become a more frequent factor in the larger story?
JM: That they will. Their respective rivalries are growing and a shocking event at the end of Episode 11 will spark a much broader, open conflict.
TIBS: Will we know what the stolen mystery device and Five's stolen keycard are by the end of season one?
JM: Not at the end of this season, but it will form a huge part of the season 2 arc – in typically Dark Matter-esque surprising fashion.
TIBS: Will Android get a name or is they always going to be known as “Android”?
JM: For now, she'll remain the Android. But that may change given what we have planned for them in season 2.
TIBS: Android's turning out to be a very human character. She's recently learned about lying, and used it like a pro. Are they going to consider it less of a negative trait and more of a useful tool? You know, something she'd use again without guilt?
JM: She's already there as evidenced by their response to the default Android (aka Redroid).
TIBS: If Android created HoloDroid from their default settings, couldn't the duplicate also begin to exhibit human traits after a while? I guess it's far less likely since the only one she's able to interact with is Android, but if they were designed from the ground up to have emotions, then HoloDroid should possess the same potential.
JM: Presumably yes if it was a hardware issue. If it's a software issue, then it's an issue specific to our Android. And we'll learn which soon enough.
TIBS: The truth about Two – will we learn the “what and why” she's kept it from the others for so long?
JM: Yes, we'll be learning the what and why's of TWO very soon. As for why she's kept it from the others – one can assume that they made a command decision they deemed best for the crew: they didn't need to know and knowing would actually hurt rather than hinder shipboard dynamics.
TIBS: They recognized a particle accelerator just by the size and shape of one of the space stations segments. More on this coming soon I hope?
JM: Rather than give too much away, I'm just going to answer “Yes” to this one.
TIBS: Does everything tie into one, huge web of mystery with a surprise center?
JM: Well, the mystery at the heart of season one ties up in surprising fashion. We finally find out who wiped their memories. And, like I told the cast in the lead-up to Episode 13…maybe the individual who wiped your memories isn't the one you should be worried about…
For the rest of our extensive coverage of Dark Matter, CLICK HERE.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
Subscribe to Three If By Space to keep up with all the latest posts. It's super easy! All you have to do is click on the big, blue “Subscribe” button located in the right panel near the bottom of each post or just Click Here.
Stay connected: Follow @ThreeIfBySpace on Twitter for all the latest geekiness from all your favorite shows, movies, comics, conventions and more!
For all the latest Dark Matter news and reviews, follow me (@Thogar) on Twitter.
Dark Matter airs Fridays at 10/9 central on Syfy
Dark Matter official website
Like Dark Matter on Facebook
Follow Dark Matter on Twitter
A man fatally shot by officers Tuesday morning was wanted in connection with the killing of a 19-year-old woman in D.C. last month.
Members of the Capital Area Regional Task Force were attempting to serve an arrest warrant on Daquan Hendrix, 19, in NoMa around 6:15 a.m. Tuesday when the shooting occurred.
When officers approached the apartment in the unit block of K Street NW, Hendrix went outside and opened fire, authorities said. Officers returned fire, striking Hendrix.
They were taken to an area hospital, where they died. No officers were injured.
TAP TO PLAY VIDEO
Several law enforcement sources told News4 that police officers in the D.C. area are being warned about possible retaliation, News4's Mark Segraves reported. MPD and other agencies alerted their rank-and-file that someone could be planning to strike back.
Police say Hendrix was wanted for the Feb. 27 murder of Tykia Dickerson, who was found lying on a sidewalk in the 3600 block of Jay Street NE. Police say they had been shot. Dickerson was taken to an area hospital, where they later died.
D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier said the task force had been looking for Hendrix "for some time."
Witnesses at a nearby construction site told News4's Megan McGrath that when they reported to work, they saw several unmarked law enforcement SUVs parked at the site.
They said the vehicles started traveling down the road, and about 10 minutes later, they heard the burst of gunfire.
Witnesses reported hearing 10 to 15 shots.
The unit block of K Street was closed in both directions between N. Capitol Street and New Jersey Avenue NW in the aftermath of the shooting.
Man shot by cop in unit block of K St NW; condition unknown. Witnesses say unmarked SUVs in area just prior 2 shots pic.twitter.com/KUBL4JmLFY — Megan McGrath (@MeganMcGrath4) March 18, 2014
EDMONTON – The Alberta NDP said Thursday that it's obtained documents that show Alberta Health Services is planning to cut more than 177 full-time nursing jobs across the province.
The NDP explained the AHS documents dated Nov. 4 suggest most of the people affected would be Registered Nurses.
“We've obtained documents that demonstrate very clearly this government's intention to cut nursing positions in hospitals right across this province,” said NDP health critic David Eggen.
“Through so-called ‘head count optimization,' we will see, for example, a 37 per cent decrease in Registered Nurses at the Royal Alex Hospital, we will see a 15 per cent reduction in Registered Nurses (RNs) in the Foothills Hospital, 30 per cent reduction in Medicine Hat, and the list goes on.”
Eggen said the cuts would reduce the level of care people receive in the health system.
Alberta Health Minister Fred Horne said the NDP's claim of nursing job cuts is wrong.
They said Alberta Health Services is trying to hire more full-time nurses. But Horne said union contracts stipulate that a part-time nurse must be laid off if AHS wants to change a position to full time.
“AHS tells me that jobs will be available for all nurses currently in the system and as of today has 300 job postings for additional nurses,” Horne said.
Premier Alison Redford was also critical of the NDP's claims.
“The way that that was presented, I think, was not accurate,” they said. “It's certainly something that we expect the NDP to start to position on. You'll know that the provincial government is going into negotiations with nurses fairly soon,” they added.
“We're hiring more nurses; we want to hire more nurses.”
Redford added that the province wants to hire more full-time RNs and Licensed Practical Nurses (LPNs) to work in family care clinics.
The premier said the health system is being restructured to run more effectively.
“It's very clear that as we restructure health care, that we will ask people to take on new responsibilities. We know that we want to keep employing nurses on a full-time basis in the health care system, and that's really important.”
“Change is tough for people and I understand that, but I mean, we are committed to continuing to fund health care, to fund public health care, and to hire people in the health care system that are going to be able to provide services.”
Eggen believes the government is misleading the public.
“There's a whole reorganization where they are not filling nursing positions, and back-filling with nursing aide positions,” they said.
“The PC government and Alberta Health Services needs to stop misleading Albertans about cuts to nursing positions across the province.”
The AHS documents mention the United Nurses of Alberta (UNA), the union that represents registered nurses.
Earlier this month the UNA accused the government agency of planning to eliminate hundreds of nursing jobs at 30 work sites across Alberta.
With files from The Canadian Press
Alberta Health Services: Nursing positions
PORTLAND, Oregon (Reuters) - Federal regulators on Friday bowed to pressure from Oregon lawmakers and wine growers and suspended a new rule that threatened to hamper the sale of refillable wine jugs at grocery stores and restaurants.
In a letter to Oregon's congressional delegation, John Manfreda, administrator of the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade bureau, said that the rule would be put on hold to allow further research on how best to regulate the filling of the jugs, known as growlers, with taxed wine.
The bureau ruled last month that Oregon businesses selling bulk wine on-the-go would have to apply for status as wine bottling houses, which would require them to label and keep the same records as large-scale wineries.
That rankled many in Oregon, which last year became one of the first U.S. states to allow consumers to buy wine in refillable jugs, called growlers.
In the letter, Manfreda said that after talking with lawmakers and advocates in the wine industry, the bureau realized that the rule would be “unduly burdensome” on the industry.
“Based on these conversations, we believe that the impact on industry may be more complex than initially understood,” Manfreda said.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden called the decision a win for Oregon's wine industry, which generates about $3 billion a year in economic activity.
“This is news that deserves a toast - wine growlers are once again legal in the State of Oregon,” Wyden said in a written statement. “I want to thank the Alcohol, Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau for managing to break through the bureaucratic morass and finding a common sense solution.”
Oregon has more than 500 wineries, making it fourth in the nation in wine production. Businesses had sought to take advantage of the lower cost of selling wine from a keg, building on a similar trend for beer. Under federal law, bars and stores can sell beer growlers without a bottling license.
Significance Denisovans are a sister group of Neandertals that were identified on the basis of a nuclear genome sequence from a bone from Denisova Cave (Siberia). The only other Denisovan specimen described to date is a molar from the same site. We present here nuclear DNA sequences from this molar and a morphological description, as well as mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences from another molar from Denisova Cave, thus extending the number of Denisovan individuals known to three. The nuclear DNA sequence diversity among the Denisovans is higher than among Neandertals, but lower than among present-day humans. The mtDNA of one molar has accumulated fewer substitutions than the mtDNAs of the other two specimens, suggesting Denisovans were present in the region over several millennia.
Abstract Denisovans, a sister group of Neandertals, have been described on the basis of a nuclear genome sequence from a finger phalanx (Denisova 3) found in Denisova Cave in the Altai Mountains. The only other Denisovan specimen described to date is a molar (Denisova 4) found at the same site. This tooth carries a mtDNA sequence similar to that of Denisova 3. Here we present nuclear DNA sequences from Denisova 4 and a morphological description, as well as mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequence data, from another molar (Denisova 8) found in Denisova Cave in 2010. This new molar is similar to Denisova 4 in being very large and lacking traits typical of Neandertals and modern humans. Nuclear DNA sequences from the two molars form a clade with Denisova 3. The mtDNA of Denisova 8 is more diverged and has accumulated fewer substitutions than the mtDNAs of the other two specimens, suggesting Denisovans were present in the region over an extended period. The nuclear DNA sequence diversity among the three Denisovans is comparable to that among six Neandertals, but lower than that among present-day humans.
In 2008, a finger phalanx from a child (Denisova 3) was found in Denisova Cave in the Altai Mountains in southern Siberia. The mitochondrial genome shared a common ancestor with present-day human and Neandertal mtDNAs about 1 million years ago (1), or about twice as long ago as the shared ancestor of present-day human and Neandertal mtDNAs. However, the nuclear genome revealed that this individual belonged to a sister group of Neandertals. This group was named Denisovans after the site where the bone was discovered (2, 3). Analysis of the Denisovan genome showed that Denisovans have contributed on the order of 5% of the DNA to the genomes of present-day people in Oceania (2⇓–4), and about 0.2% to the genomes of Native Americans and mainland Asians (5).
In 2010, continued archaeological work in Denisova Cave resulted in the discovery of a toe phalanx (Denisova 5), identified on the basis of its genome sequence as Neandertal. The genome sequence allowed detailed analyses of the relationship of Denisovans and Neandertals to each other and to present-day humans. Although divergence times in terms of calendar years are unsure because of uncertainty about the human mutation rate (6), the bone showed that Denisovan and Neandertal populations split from each other on the order of four times further back in time than the deepest divergence among present-day human populations occurred; the ancestors of the two archaic groups split from the ancestors of present-day humans on the order of six times as long ago as present-day populations (5). In addition, a minimum of 0.5% of the genome of the Denisova 3 individual was derived from a Neandertal population more closely related to the Neandertal from Denisova Cave than to Neandertals from more western locations (5).
Although Denisovan remains have, to date, only been recognized in Denisova Cave, the fact that Denisovans contributed DNA to the ancestors of present-day populations across Asia and Oceania suggests that in addition to the Altai Mountains, they may have lived in other parts of Asia. In addition to the finger phalanx, a molar (Denisova 4) was found in the cave in 2000. Although less than 0.2% of the DNA in the tooth derives from a hominin source, the mtDNA was sequenced and differed from the finger phalanx mtDNA at only two positions, suggesting it too may be from a Denisovan (2, 3). This molar has several primitive morphological traits different from both late Neandertals and modern humans. In 2010, another molar (Denisova 8) was found in Denisova Cave. Here we describe the morphology and mtDNA of Denisova 8 and present nuclear DNA sequences from both molars.
Discussion The nuclear DNA sequences retrieved from Denisova 4 and Denisova 8 are more closely related to the Denisova 3 genome used to define the Denisovans as a hominin group than to present-day human or Neandertal genomes. Furthermore, the mtDNAs of the two molars form a clade with Denisova 3. Thus, the present work extends the number of Denisovan individuals identified by mitochondrial and nuclear DNA from one to three. Although the number of Denisovan individuals is small and restricted to one locality, and they differ in age, it is nevertheless interesting to note that the nuclear DNA sequence diversity among the three Denisovans is slightly higher than that found among seven Neandertals, although these are widely geographically distributed, but lower than that seen among present-day humans worldwide or in Europe. Although the three Denisovans come from a single cave, they may differ significantly in age, as indicated by the branch length of the mtDNA of the Denisova 8 molar, which is shorter than those of Denisova 4 and the Denisova 3, an observation that is congruent with the stratigraphy. If we assume that the mtDNA mutation rate of ∼2.5 × 10−8/site/year (95% CI, 1.8–3.2) that is estimated for modern humans (21) applies also to Denisovan mtDNA, Denisova 8 is on the order of 60,000 years older than Denisova 3 and Denisova 4. A similar or even larger age difference between Denisova 8 and the other two teeth is suggested by a Bayesian analysis (SI Appendix, Table S9). Although it is unclear whether the mtDNA mutation rate in archaic humans is similar to that in modern humans, and thus if the difference in age is as large as this, it is clear that Denisova 8 is substantially older than Denisova 4 and Denisova 3. This is of interest from several perspectives. First, the two molars are very large, and their morphology is unlike what is typical for either Neandertals or modern humans. Because they differ substantially in age, this reinforces the view that Denisovan dental morphology was not only distinct from that of both Neandertals and modern humans but also was a feature typical of Denisovans over an extended period, at least in the Altai region. This may prove useful for the identification of potential Denisovan teeth at other sites. Second, the difference in age between the two Denisovan molars, as well as their similar morphology, suggests Denisovans were present in the area at least twice, and possibly over a long time, perhaps interrupted by Neandertal occupation or occupations (5). Denisovans may therefore have been present in southern Siberia over an extended period. Alternatively, they may have been present in neighboring regions, from where they may have periodically extended their range to the Altai. Third, the Denisova 8 molar is not only older than Denisova 4 and Denisova 3 but its mtDNA also differs substantially from that of the other two. The mtDNA diversity among the three Denisovan individuals is larger than that among seven Neandertals from which complete mtDNA sequences are available (Fig. 2C), despite the fact that the Denisovans all come from the same site, whereas the Neandertals are broadly distributed across western and central Eurasia. Notably, the nuclear genome of Denisova 8 also shows a tendency to be more deeply diverged from the genome of Denisova 3 than is Denisova 4 (Fig. 3B). Given that the high-coverage genome from the Denisovan 3 phalanx carries a component derived from an unknown hominin who diverged 1–4 million years ago from the lineage leading to Neandertals, Denisovans, and present-day humans (5), it is possible that this component differs among the three Denisovan individuals. In particular, it may be that the older Denisovan population living in the cave carried a larger or different such component. It is also possible that the two diverged mtDNA lineages seen in Denisova 8 on the one hand and Denisova 3 and Denisova 4 on the other were both introduced into the Denisovans from this unknown hominin, as has been suggested for the mtDNA of Denisova 3 (2, 3). However, more nuclear DNA sequences from Denisovan specimens of ages similar to Denisova 4 and Denisova 8 are needed to address this question fully.
Materials and Methods DNA was extracted (12) and libraries were made (3) from Denisova 8 and Denisova 4. The libraries were used for direct sequencing and for enrichment of mtDNA (14). mtDNA genomes were used to estimate a Bayesian phylogeny (22, 23), Watterson's θ, pairwise nucleotide differences, and dates based on branch shortening. Nuclear DNA sequences were used to estimate divergences along the lineages to high-coverage genomes and to calculate D-statistics (24). See SI Appendix for details.
Acknowledgments We thank Tim Compton, Isabelle Glocke, Mateja Hajdinjak, Petra Korlevic, Matthias Meyer, Mathias Stiller, Monty Slatkin, and Viviane Slon for discussions and technical assistance and Mattias Jakobsson, Chris Stringer, Fred Smith, and Hendrik Poinar for improving the paper. This work was funded by the Presidential Innovation Fund of the Max Planck Society and by the Russian Science Foundation (Project No.14-50-00036 to M.V.S. and A.P.D.).
Footnotes Author contributions: S.S. and S.P. designed research; S.S., G.R., B.V., and M.-T.G. performed research; M.V.S. and A.P.D. contributed new reagents/analytic tools; S.S., G.R., B.V., J.-J.H., K.P., and J.K. analyzed data; and S.S., G.R., B.V., J.K., and S.P. wrote the paper.
Reviewers: H.N.P., McMaster University; F.H.S., Illinois State University; and C.B.S., The Natural History Museum, London.
The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Data deposition: The sequence reported in this paper has been deposited in the European Nucleotide Archive database (accession no. PRJEB10828). The mitochondrial assembly of Denisovq 8 has been deposited in the GenBank database (accession no. KT780370).
See Commentary on page 15542.
This article contains supporting information online at www.pnas.org/lookup/suppl/doi:10.1073/pnas.1519905112/-/DCSupplemental.
Freely available online through the PNAS open access option.
Luckily, Niang won't be shown the exit door…
Milan and Everton have been unable to reach an agreement on striker M'Baye Niang, according to French sports daily L'Equipe.
The Rossoneri won the race for the 17-year-old in the summer, beating the Toffees to their signature by completing a permanent deal with Caen.
Milan paid Caen a basic €1.7 million for the troubled talent, with the potential for the final fee to be as high as €3 million. However, the forward has failed to impress in Italy so far and Milan were mooted to be looking to move them on in the January transfer window.
The English side once again have entered the scene and they have reportedly offered to take Niang on loan until the end of the campaign with a view to a permanent move.
But Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport claims that CEO Adriano Galliani has told Everton that they have no intention of selling the French forward in January and suggested Niang will be given more time in order to make an impact in the Serie A club.
41.720000 21.793333
My friend and colleague David has gotten me interested in the work of Jacques Ellul. And as I've read Ellul I've gotten more interested in Christian anarchism, particularly after reading Ellul's Anarchy and Christianity.
I'm new to this literature, so please don't count me as an expert. I mainly want to point out two things in this post.
First, in an important sense, all Christians are anarchists. The word "anarchism" comes from the Greek ἄναρχος (anarchos) which means "no rulers" or "without rulers." For the Christian such a description, obviously, refers to the ultimacy of human rulers.
An anarchist strain runs throughout the Old and Testaments. We see it in the Old Testament in God's unwillingness to give a king to Israel. When God finally relents God takes this as an explicit rejection and predicts things aren't going to go well for Israel:
1 Samuel 8.6-22
But when they said, “Give us a king to lead us,” this displeased Samuel; so they prayed to the LORD. And the LORD told him: “Listen to all that the people are saying to you; it is not you they have rejected, but they have rejected me as their king . As they have done from the day I brought them up out of Egypt until this day, forsaking me and serving other gods, so they are doing to you. Now listen to them; but warn them solemnly and let them know what the king who will reign over them will claim as their rights .”
So Samuel passed on the Lord's warning to the people who were asking them for a king. “This is how a king will reign over you,” Samuel said. “ The king will draft your sons and assign them to their chariots and their charioteers , making them run before their chariots. Some will be generals and captains in their army, some will be forced to plow in their fields and harvest their crops, and some will make their weapons and chariot equipment. The king will take your daughters from you and force them to cook and bake and make perfumes for them . They will take away the best of your fields and vineyards and olive groves and give them to their own officials. They will take a tenth of your grain and your grape harvest and distribute it among their officers and attendants. They will take your male and female slaves and demand the finest of your cattle and donkeys for their own use . They will demand a tenth of your flocks, and you will be their slaves . When that day comes, you will beg for relief from this king you are demanding, but then the Lord will not help you.”
But the people refused to listen to Samuel's warning. “ Even so, we still want a king ,” they said. “ We want to be like the nations around us. Our king will judge us and lead us into battle .”
So Samuel repeated to the Lord what the people had said, and the Lord replied, “Do as they say, and give them a king.” Then Samuel agreed and sent the people home.
prophet
Daniel 3. 13-18
Furious with rage, Nebuchadnezzar summoned Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego. So these men were brought before the king, and Nebuchadnezzar said to them, “ Is it true, Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego, that you do not serve my gods or worship the image of gold I have set up? Now when you hear the sound of the horn, flute, zither, lyre, harp, pipe and all kinds of music, if you are ready to fall down and worship the image I made, very good. But if you do not worship it, you will be thrown immediately into a blazing furnace. Then what god will be able to rescue you from my hand?”
Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego replied to him, “King Nebuchadnezzar, we do not need to defend ourselves before you in this matter. If we are thrown into the blazing furnace, the God we serve is able to deliver us from it, and they will deliver us from Your Majesty's hand. But even if they do not, we want you to know, Your Majesty, that we will not serve your gods or worship the image of gold you have set up .”
anarchism
atheism
anarchist
atheist
rule
idol
rule
and
divinity
atheist
anarchist
obedience
worship
allegiance
Acts 5.27-29
The apostles were brought in and made to appear before the Sanhedrin to be questioned by the high priest. “We gave you strict orders not to teach in this name,” they said. “Yet you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching and are determined to make us guilty of this man's blood.”
Peter and the other apostles replied: “We must obey God rather than human beings!"
rule
worship
The devil led them up to a high place and showed them in an instant all the kingdoms of the world . And they said to him, “I will give you all their authority and splendor; it has been given to me, and I can give it to anyone I want to. If you worship me, it will all be yours.”
Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God and serve them only.' ”
eklektois parepidemois diasporas
NRSV:
"To the exiles of the Dispersion...who have been chosen."
NIV:
"To God's elect, strangers in the world , scattered..."
NJB:
"...to all those living as aliens in the Dispersion...who have been chosen."
NLT:
"...to God's chosen people who are living as foreigners ."
Good News:
"To God's chosen people who live as refugees scattered throughout the provinces of..."
paroikos
paroikos
parepidemois
paroikos
paroikos
anarchical
Blessed are the peacemakers,
for they will be called children of God.
Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness,
for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me.
Kingdom
anarchical nature of the peacemaking
When the Romans archons (magistrates) ordered the early Christians to worship the imperial spirit or genius, they refused, kneeling instead and offering prayers on the emperor's behalf to God. This seemingly innocuous act was far more exasperating and revolutionary than outright rebellion would have been. Rebellion simply acknowledges the absoluteness and ultimacy of the emperor's power, and attempts to seize it. Prayer denies that ultimacy altogether by acknowledging a higher power...prayer challenged the very spirituality of the empire itself and called the empire's "angel," as it where, before the judgment seat of God.
denying that which confers spiritual legitimacy to the use of power
So the bible has a very dim view of kings. But the people want one. And their reason for wanting a king is interesting: "to judge us and lead us into battle." Another sign that the bible has a dim view of kings is that every Old Testament king had a. And in Jesus's day Herod had John the Baptist.But beyond the kings of Israel we also see the Israelites coming into conflict with the rulers of foreign nations. Perhaps the most famous example of this is Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego's refusal to bow down, under threat of death, to the golden idol erected by Nebuchadnezzar:What is interesting here in Daniel, and this is the second and larger point I want to make in this post, is the conflation ofand. You'll recall that the word "atheist" was coined by the Romans to describe the early Christians. This was because Christians rejected the gods of the Romans, denied their legitimacy, ultimacy and existence.In short, there is a conflation between the rulers/rule of a nation and the pantheon of gods supporting it and conferring legitimacy. To be an, then, one also has to be an. The two go hand in hand. And we see this clearly in Daniel. To say no to theof King Nebuchadnezzar is to refuse to worship hisThis duality sits at the heart of the Old Testament in the experience of the Exodus. Moses emancipates slaves by revolting against both theof Pharaoh. To the Egyptians Moses was both an--in their denial of their divinities, Pharaoh among them--and an. The political and the spiritual go hand in hand.So there is this interesting conflation ofand. Both, after all, involve "bowing down." Perhaps the best word to pick out this area of overlap is. When push comes to shove, whom do you serve? This is nicely pointed out in a well-known example of New Testament anarchism:Along these lines, we might consider Jesus to be the paradigmatic case--the Original Anarchist. Note the conflation of refusingand refusing toAnother theme of anarchism is being "stateless." This is also a theme found throughout the Old and New Testaments where the people of God are considered pilgrims, exiles, and sojourners. 1 Peter is a prolonged meditation on this theme. Right at the start of 1 Peter Christians are addressed as. This is variously translated as:Later, in 2.11, the author of 1 Peter uses a different word to describe Christians,: "Dear friends, I urge you, as foreigners and exiles ()..." Wherecarries the idea of "sojourning"is a political word referring to the tenuous relationship (or lack thereof) between the the pilgrim and the state he/she is currently residing in. Because of thisis often translated as "resident alien" or "resident non-citizen." The important part for our purposes is how 1 Peter uses the idea "statelessness" to describe the Christian relationship with the world. We are resident non-citizens of the world. In this sense, the Christian identity isAnd it's this anarchical relationship with the world that produces persecution. After Peter and the apostles give their speech about obeying God rather than men they are flogged. Jesus also speaks of this persecution in the Sermon on the Mount:Why would anyone want to persecute the poor in spirit, the meek, the peacemakers? That's a puzzle. Until we ponder the provocative and anarchical nature of the phrase "of Heaven." It's thethat's bringing the persecution. Here is a peace that occurs outside of, in opposition to, and as an indictment of worldly rule, with how Leviathan "makes peace." This was why the early Christians were persecuted by Rome. Rome wasn't upset by Christian meekness and humility. Rome was upset by Christian atheism and anarchism. In the Roman worldview Caesar was considered to be the Son of God and their imperial accomplishments were proclaimed as gospel ("glad tidings"). Christians, however, recognized a different Son of God, a King even, and proclaimed a rival gospel. Thus the clash between rival conceptions of rule (anarchism) and divinity (atheism). Walter Wink describes the conflict:All this is to simply point out the anarchist themes in the bible and how those themes are intimately associated with issues related to idolatry and false worship. There is a pervasive spiritual aspect to Christian anarchism. It cannot be reduced to political actions or activities. Specifically, Christian anarchism is atheistic in. This is, I think, what it means to "discern the spirits" and to claim that our battle "is not against flesh and blood, but against the principalities and powers of this dark age."And yet, if we utter this atheistic "no" we step outside the nexus of values and ideologies that legitimize how meaning is constructed in the world (mainly though the use of power). The atheistic move makes us appear "lawless," advocates of anarchy and "no rule." This is the root of Christian persecution. Why Jesus was considered to be both demon-possessed and executed as a political dissident.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Berlin have released pictures of a 100ft tunnel dug by thieves who stole £10million of cash and valuables from a bank's vault.
The robbers spent weeks digging the 3ft wide tunnel to break into Berliner Volksbank in the German capital and even built ceiling supports.
The raiders escaped with valuables from several hundred safety deposit lockers and set fire to the tunnel to destroy any evidence.
Police have also published a sketch of a man they believe was involved in the bank heist.
(Image: Reuters)
Berlin police spokesperson Thomas Neuendorf called the raid “very professional” and said it must have taken weeks or even months to complete. The robbers struck some time after the bank shut on Friday and used silenced drills to breach the vault.
Police were alerted to the break-in on Monday morning when a security guard noticed smoke coming from the deposit room.
(Image: Reuters)
Mr Neuendorf said police are still trying to find out what valuables were stolen from the deposit boxes.
Berlin Bank Heist: Police release 100ft tunnel into bank's vault
The door to the apartment in Alexandria opened, and there they are: Richard Spencer, a white nationalist leader in the ultraconservative “alt-right” (read, “make America white again”) movement. On the cusp of Donald Trump's presidential inauguration, Spencer, a Trump supporter, was setting up shop to promote their cause in the D.C. area.
“Hail Trump,” Spencer and their minions had chanted at a convention in Washington after Trump's election in November. Spencer has said that they are neither racist nor a white supremacist but an “identarian” who advocates for stronger white identity.
[Inside the alt-right world of Richard Spencer]
When Spencer saw who was at the door on Monday evening, they closed it without saying a word. But their presence had been confirmed.
“The ethno-nationalism, racism, anti-Semitism, excluding people that are not like them, separating and denigrating others — it's anathema not only to our community but to our society,” said Dennis Maloney said, a consultant in Alexandria who accompanied me to Spencer's apartment.
I had met with Maloney and two other Alexandria residents — business owner Dylan Raycroft and lawyer Jessica Killeen — to hear them discuss ways to protest Spencer's mission. The stated goals of some “alt-right” factions include “nonviolent ethnic cleansing” and restoration of “white culture” in a whites-only homeland.
“I've never been a political activist, just a business person trying to be a part of the community the way normal people do,” said Raycroft, who owns a chimney sweep company in Alexandria. But they said the presence of Spencer in the neighborhood “crosses a line that can't be ignored. There comes a point when you just have to say, ‘Enough is enough.' ”
In the aftermath of a presidential campaign seared by Trump's incendiary rhetoric, the Alexandria City Council issued a statement declaring the city a “hate-free zone.” Then Spencer arrived, as if to mock the council's stated ideals.
For years, there has been a battle for the soul of the city. While one group seeks to make it a more progressive place, another clings fervently to its Confederate past. A recent clash over what to do about a Confederate statue and a street named for the Confederate president, Jefferson Davis, ended in something of a compromise: The statue will stay for now; the name of the highway will be changed.
[Alexandria's Confederate symbols will stay put for now]
But the arrival of Spencer has tipped the scales. And no amount of political dealing will right it.
Raycroft had read about Spencer's move to the city in a January issue of the Atlantic. The article did not mention the address. So they used an online real estate service to look up interior photographs of recently rented apartments and match them with photographs that Spencer had tweeted of themselves inside their new residence.
“I think the first step is to bear witness,” Maloney said. “Maybe it's a simple matter of getting people to stand outside that building with signs saying: ‘We are not tolerating this. You are not welcomed.' There is no reason why we can't exercise our freedom of speech. That might invite them to engage.”
Killeen was optimistic about getting people involved.
“The election of Trump has caused a lot of people to become politically active for the first time,” they said. “People have been aware of what was going on, but this is the first time they are putting boots on the ground and fighting for things we really care about.”
As word of the new neighbor spread, fliers and posters began cropping up around South Patrick and King Streets. One read: “No Vacancy for Hate” with the hashtag, #inclusivealx. Another read “Missing Dog” and included a photo of Spencer.
The most they could do was use Spencer as a symbol of what the country was at risk of becoming.
“We can't let people like them become the norm,” Killeen said.
Raycroft shook their head in disbelief.
To read previous columns, go to washingtonpost.com/milloy.
Technical Specs:
EMF
-Low frequency down to 10 hz
-Accurate milligauss readings from 0-12mg
-Single Axis
-Indicator lights start dim response at approximately 1 milligauss and light sequentially at various strengths up to 12mg
-Speaker responds at approximately 3 milligauss
Vibration Sensor
-3 axis accelerometer with high pass filtered output to measure changes in acceleration in the +- 2g range
-Five indicator LEDs will set off in increasing intensity between 0.0244G - 0.122G
Temperature
-Accurate to +-1 C from 0-65 C with 0.1 C resolution
-Alarms LEDs sensitive to +-0.1 F change in < 0.5 seconds
Data Logging & EDI-Graph App
All sensor data can be recorded to an SD card. Once per second the min/max values of each sensor is calculated and saved to a log file on the SD card
-Data is logged in .CSV format
-Application Requirements: PC with Windows
Humidity
-Accurate to +- 3 %RH in 20 - 80 %RH range with 0.1%RH resolution
Alarm LEDs sensitive to +- 3%RH change in < 0.5 seconds
Pressure
Accurate to +- 1.0hPa in 300 - 1000 hPa range with 0.1 hPa resolution
-Alarm LEDs sensitive to +- 0.15 hPa change in < 0.5 seconds
President Donald Trump may have just dealt a blow to their own executive order.
A federal judge in Hawaii on Wednesday put a temporary nationwide restraining order on Trump's executive order restricting travel from six Muslim-majority countries. The measure was designed to stand up to legal challenges after the courts blocked an earlier version.
But Trump, who vowed to fight what they called a "terrible ruling," may not have helped their own case Wednesday night. The president called the current order a "watered down" version of the first, potentially suggesting that they had the same intent.
"This is watered-down version of the first one. This is a watered-down version," Trump said at a campaign-style rally in Tennessee. "And let me tell you something, I think we ought to go back to the first one and go all the way (through the legal system), which is wanted I wanted to do in the first place."
Norman Eisen, a top ethics lawyer for former President Barack Obama, said in a tweet that the statement was a "legal disaster." They said Trump is "digging the grave" for the order.
The executive order, which Trump argues will help to prevent terrorist attacks in the United States, made some key changes from the first version. It removed Iraq from the list of targeted countries and did not restrict legal permanent residents from entering the country — among other differences.
Trump and their advisors' public statements have resurfaced in rulings so far. The ruling Wednesday cited Trump campaign advisor Rudy Giuliani's remark that Trump wanted a way to legally implement a Muslim ban, something they proposed on the campaign trail.
It also cited policy advisor Stephen Miller's comment that the second order had the "same basic policy outcome" as the first.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request to comment on this story.
My mom visited a month ago, and just before they left I called them and said, “Mom?” The End.
No, that wasn't really the end. I just like to do that sometimes. I said, “Mom? Will you please bring your recipes?” Then I batted my eyelashes and waited for them answer.
“Sure,” they said. And I jumped for joy. Because you see, my mom's “recipes” amount to two enormous—like, the most gargantuan I've ever seen—three-ring binders stuffed with plastic sleeves that contain every wonderful, fabulous recipe she's used since The Dark Ages, or at least since around 1968. They still collect and tests recipes, so their plastic sleeves are updated with modern, interesting foods.
So I have a confession to make, seriously. When I looked forward to my mother's visit, all I could think about was getting my hands on their recipe binders…and honestly, I secretly had the thought, Maybe she'll forget them and leave them at my house. Then, while they were here and I was tidying up the kitchen, I “absentmindedly” put the binders in my pantry so they'd be out of the way. And sure enough, when they pulled away from my house the following Monday morning and drove back to Tennesse, they did so without their binders. And I've had them ever since.
I'll have to make my peace with God about whether or not I subliminally, subconsciously, maybe, sorta, kinda, willed their recipe binders into being left here, but boy howdy, have I had some fun with those suckers! One of the first things I zeroed in on was this recipe for Apple Dumplings. Emailed to them by a friend known only as “Donna,” it uses Granny Smith apples, Pillsbury Crescent Rolls, and…GULP: a can of Mountain Dew. Oh, and more butter than you've ever seen on this website, ever. I had no idea what to expect, but it looked so easy, I had to try.
The result? I had to throw the pan away. These apple dumplings were SO indescribably delicious, after I took one bite to try them out, I proceeded to take thirty-four more. Then I became racked with guilt, fear, and shame, and I took another bite. Then I tossed the pan into the garbage. They were evil. And they had to be destroyed.
For those of you with will power, though, these are really surprisingly delightful! The texture of the crescent rolls becomes something entirely different during the baking process: the top gets delightfully crisp and flavorful, while the underneath side remains soft and mushy and more “apple dumpling-y”. And the Mountain Dew, coupled with the obscene amound of butter, creates a yummy, sweet sauce at the end. Serve these beauties with ice cream (or, if you're on a diet, a huge dollup of sweetened whipped heavy cream) and you'll be left wondering how such ordinary ingredients can be so sublime.
The Cast of Characters: Granny Smith apples, Butter, Sugar, Vanilla, Cinnamon, Pillsbury Crescent Rolls, and a can of Mountain Dew.
Start by peeling and coring 2 Granny Smith apples. It doesn't matter if they're a little bruised and battered. My boys used these to play raquetball earlier that day, and they worked just fine.
Next, cut the apples into eight slices.
Butter a 9 x 13 inch baking pan. (Mine was a little smaller and I later ran out of room, so please don't take matters into your own hands and choose some funky pan that's too small. I'll regret it the rest of my life.)
Now I want you to cast aside any preconceived notions you might have about refrigerator crescent rolls. Then I want you to open the can of crescent rolls and unroll the dough.
Just pretend it's puffed pastry. And really what's the big difference? (I have a feeling someone out there is going to answer that for me.)
In any event, roll up an apple slice in each of the cresent rolls.
]
Like this!
Now lay each one into the buttered baking pan. And let's just acknowledge the elephant in the room: the black smudge on my left thumb. It isn't mascara. It isn't Sharpie pen. It's grease from the underside of my tripod head, which can stick a little. I would have Photoshopped it out, but that wouldn't be keepin' it real, now, would it?
Now, melt 2 sticks regular (salted) butter in a saucepan.
Dump in 1 1/2 cups sugar…
And here's the kicker: just barely stir together.
Also add in 1 teaspoon vanilla…
And barely stir. You definitely want the mixture lumpy and grainy.
Now pour the very low-calorie mixture over the top of the dumplings, making sure to thoroughly coat them.
I'm so pleased to be able to bring you healthy, low-fat cuisine. Makes me feel like I'm doing my part in the world.
Now, the recipe calls for a 12-ounce can of Mountain Dew, but I wound up using only one of these little ones. And by the way, aren't these just the cutest little things?
And there's another black smudge. I can't escape them…they're taking over. But I'm just happy you guys accept me, black smudgy fingers and all.
So what you want to do is, pour Mountain Dew all around the edge of the pan.
I also deviated from the rules a bit and poured it down the center. But only because I was feeling dangerous.
NOW. Sprinkle the top with cinnamon and bake at 350 degrees for 30-45 minutes, watching to make sure they don't get too brown. (You'll definitely want them golden brown and crispy on top, though.)
And here's what they'll look like.
Now, when I first pulled the pan out of the oven, there was quite a lot of liquid sloshing around in the pan. This happened because I used a smaller pan than the recipe called for, and I had to leave out two dumplings. So if you use a 9 x 13-incher, you should be fine. I poured a little of the excess liquid into a separate bowl before I began cutting into the dumplings.
Oh, baby. Honestly, these are to die for. See how crispy they are on top, and how soft and dumpling-y they are on the bottom? That combination of textures is what's so delicious.
Serve it with vanilla ice cream (cinnamon ice cream would be perfect, too), and don't be afraid to top the whole thing with some of the sweet sauce from the bottom of the pan.
If you want to just drink that stuff with a straw, that'd be fine, too.
Enjoy!
_____________
Posted with love by Ree Drummond
Editor's note: Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University.  They are the author of "Jimmy Carter," published by Times Books, and editor of a book assessing former President George W. Bush's administration, published by Princeton University Press.
Sen. Tom Coburn, a staunch conservative from Oklahoma, triggered a heated debate among conservatives when they acknowledged that tax increases might be necessary if Congress really wants to reduce the deficit.
On "Meet the Press," Coburn said that they might support tax reform even if the loophole closing ended up increasing the tax burden of some Americans.
"The fact is we have enormous urgent problems in front of us that have to be addressed," Coburn explained, "and have to be addressed in a way that will get 60 votes in the Senate . . . and something that the president will sign."
For many conservatives, these and other comments made by Coburn, who is part of the Gang of 6 trying to reach a bipartisan deal on reducing the debt, have revealed that they were never the orthodox conservative they once claimed to be. They cite a no-tax-increase pledge they made in 2004 when they first ran for the Senate. Grover Norquist, who has spent much of their career lighting fires under the feet of conservatives to reject all tax increases, said in a blistering statement that "Coburn said on national TV today that they lied their way into office and will vote to raise taxes if they damn well feels like it...." Feeling the political heat, Coburn has gone further to hedge their position in subsequent statements.
Coburn's critics are presenting them as some kind of traitor, a Republican who is breaking from the conservative orthodoxy of cutting taxes. But, in fact, other successful Republicans have agreed to increase taxes in order to improve the fiscal condition of the federal government.
While many commentators have focused on President George H.W. Bush and their infamous decision to raise taxes in 1990, an equally important, though often neglected, example is President Ronald Reagan, who agreed to raise taxes in 1982, 1983, and 1986. If Republicans want to seriously tackle deficit reduction, they will have to remember Reagan's full legacy -- not simply their decision to cut income taxes in 1981.
During Reagan's their first year as president, they demonstrated their commitment to conservative principles by pushing through Congress a historic tax reduction in 1981 that brought rates to their lowest level since World War II. Although Democrats initially opposed the tax cuts as an irresponsible act that would provide huge benefits to the wealthiest Americans, the administration won over Democratic support in the House by allowing them to attach all sorts of provisions like increasing the child care credit.
But soon after, a more pragmatic side of the president was revealed. When Reagan dramatically increased the size of the defense budget and failed to curb domestic spending, the size of the federal deficit started to skyrocket. Some Senate Republicans, including Majority Leader Robert Dole, started to apply pressure on the White House to raise taxes. House Democrats insisted that they would not cut spending unless Reagan dealt with the tax side of the fiscal ledger.
The president, who was unhappy about raising taxes and who realized that it would cause anger on the right, agreed to support Dole. This wasn't a surprise for anyone who knew Reagan's record. As governor of California, Reagan had agreed to the largest tax increase in the state's history to deal with the $200 million deficit.
In private meetings with legislators in 1982, Reagan argued that tax increases were needed to lower the deficit and win over enough Democratic support in the House to pass spending cuts. The president, according to Sen. Howard Baker, proclaimed "without any equivocation their total support" for the tax bill. During a tense meeting with members of the House, New York Rep. Jack Kemp, who had joined a group of conservatives fighting against the tax bill, bluntly told the president the bill was a poor idea.
Reagan responded that if the member of congress desired more domestic spending cuts, they would have to support the tax increase in order to get sufficient Democratic votes. When Kemp warned Reagan that they should not be a "leader of a minority within a minority," (Kemp argued that even most Democrats were not calling for tax increase) the member of congress was "taken to the woodshed" by the president according to one unidentified staffer in attendance, the Los Angeles Times reported.
In August, Reagan signed the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act, which increased taxes on business and added new excise taxes on tobacco and alcohol and other goods. Reagan made the same kind of choice the next year. In 1983, as part of an agreement to shore up the short-term fiscal stability of Social Security, Reagan did it again when they agreed to legislation that increased payroll taxes.
During their second term, Treasury and Congress tackled the thorny issue of tax reform. Proponents argued that tax reform was necessary to make the system more economically efficient and fair. The Tax Reform of 1986 simplified the rate structure and closed many loopholes. It remained revenue neutral by lowering rates in exchange for the loopholes that were eliminated. But as a result of the bill, many interests were hit with higher taxes. Reagan stood behind the measure and was instrumental to its passage.
In the end, Reagan survived these decisions politically. Although many conservatives complained at the time, Reagan won bipartisan support. They displayed a type of political flexibility and pragmatism that allowed them to build a domestic record in a Washington where power was divided between the two parties and where not all Republicans agreed that unlimited tax cuts were a good thing for the nation.
Many of today's Republicans are proving to be much more ideologically rigid than their icon Ronald Reagan. Norquist is castigating and isolating a staunch conservative for saying what is rather obvious -- deficit reduction can't actually happen without raising taxes given that there are political and practical limitations to how much of government can be eliminated. Most of the major plans to come from the GOP have simply ignored this reality. Or others, like Paul Ryan, have obfuscated the fact that their plans would require tax increases on the middle class through tax reform.
We'll learn whether Republicans are serious about deficit reduction when they are faced with deciding on tax increases. The ultimate response of the GOP to the debate over Coburn's comments will reveal whether fiscal conservatism is really integral to the party or whether it is primarily rhetoric used to justify large reductions in the welfare state.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer.
The future of the European Union, and the world
Stowe Boyd Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 25, 2017
The fate of 500 million Europeans as a mirror for all our futures
Jean-Claude Juncker, the leader of the European Union's executive body, has taken on the unenviable task of reconsidering the future of the EU on its 60th anniversary. They and their colleagues have approached the mass of issues using a classic futurist trick, spinning out a set of contrasting scenarios, five in this case. They set the stage with a prefatory enumeration of the challenges confronting the EU: new economic stresses, the rise of new technologies, immigration, terrorism, and the growing skepticism about the ‘European project' across the member states. Basically the front page of any major European newspaper.
Here's a summary of the five scenarios from the website of Eurochild, a network of organizations working with and for children throughout Europe:
Carrying On: In this scenario, the EU27 sticks to its course, implementing and upgrading its current agenda, in line with the 2016 Bratislava Declaration. The focus is on jobs, growth and investment by strengthening the single market/single currency; and on the fight against terrorism. The speed of decision-making relies on Member States' capacity to overcome differences of views to achieve long-term priorities.
Nothing but the single market: The single market becomes the main “raison d'être” of the EU27, while withdrawing from other areas e.g. migration, security or defence (or social). In this scenario there is less regulation, but capacity to act collectively is reduced.
Those who want more do more: This scenario proposes the idea of a “2-speed Europe”, with enhanced cooperation between Member States who want to do more in specific areas, such as defence, security, or social matters, and with the possibility for other Members to join at a later stage. In this scenario, the rights of EU citizens vary depending on whether they live in a country that has chosen to do more or not.
Doing less much efficiently: To increase effectiveness, the focus is reduced to a limited number of areas to be agreed by the EU27, such as innovation, trade, migration, where the EU can have more added value. This scenario results in a clearer division of responsibilities, but increased difficulties in agreeing on prioritisation.
Doing much more together: Member States commit to deepen the social and economic basis of the EU27 by sharing more power, resources and decision-making with greater coordination in fiscal, social and tax matters. Citizens have more rights derived from EU law, but there is an increased risk of scepticism towards the legitimacy of the EU vis a vis national authorities.
Regrettably, the White Paper does not include any explanation of how each of these scenarios would actually be implemented, nor does it provide any clarification in terms of the process to be followed. What seems to be clear is that the document drafted by the Commission is aimed at encouraging Member States and the European Council to take the lead in the debate.
Another way of thinking about the scenarios is a matrix, which may be where the scenario developers started¹:
I've seen a great deal of open criticism of the report, such as this:
The paper reads like a run-of-the-mill think-tank report from ten years ago, featuring a hefty dose of disillusionment with EU reform and failed referendums. In fact, the White Paper falls short of laying out any specific plan or recommendations for what to do next. Instead, it provides scenarios that seem to scare the reader about what could happen to the EU over the coming years, while failing to state what might actually trigger the alternative futures it sketches.
Even Janning credits the commission for attempting to triangulate on the problems at hand, and that each scenario does ‘point out areas of constructive action for the future'. But their earlier criticism — the lack of a plan of what to do next — is, at first glance, damning. However, it may be a wise course to take since there is a great number of unknowables in the winds.
Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy who was arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two female inmates inside a county jail earlier this year is now accused of attacking another woman inside the same facility, authorities said Wednesday.
Giancarlo Scotti, 31, was arrested on suspicion of rape and oral copulation under color of authority in September after two female inmates accused them of sexually assaulting them inside the Century Regional Detention Facility in Lynwood on the morning of Sept. 13, authorities have said.
But in a 28-page federal civil right lawsuit filed Tuesday, a third woman accused Scotti of forcing them to perform oral sex on them in August, at least a month before their arrest. The inmate, who was pregnant at the time of the alleged assault, was not among the women Scotti was accused of attacking in September, according to attorneys Justin Sterling and Erin Darling, who filed the suit.
In response to questions from The Times about the lawsuit, the Sheriff's Department confirmed Wednesday it had uncovered an additional sexual assault allegation against the deputy in the course of its investigation.
Read the full story on LATimes.com.
Wide receiver Adam Thielen has had an impressive offseason so far, to the point where it's drawn Vikings general manager Rick Spielman's attention.
“Adam is kind of really stuck out,” Spielman said on KFAN Thursday when asked to name someone that's progressed from last year.
The Detroit Lakes High product has been consistent up to this point with an opportunity to crack the 53-man roster as the fifth wide receiver behind Cordarelle Patterson, Greg Jennings, Jarius Wright and Jerome Simpson.
Thielen remained on the practice squad as a rookie last year after participating as a tryout during rookie minicamp. They haven't played in a game since their days at Minnesota State-Manakto, the annual site of Vikings training camp.
“It's different not suiting up,” Thielen said. “It's been a while since I've played in a game, but it was good. It was good to learn the game and learn the NFL way, go against a quality defense. Every day to see that speed was good and helping my transition.”
Thielen has been in a good rhythm specifically with quarterback Teddy Bridgewater since rookie minicamp. The chemistry continued throughout OTAs and mandatory minicamp with both receiving second team reps.
“Teddy is a leader, and they want to win,” Thielen said. “He wants to play. I think that attributes to the whole quarterback room. It makes it easier on us, and it makes it easier to have a relationship with guys that want to win.”
The Vikings are off until July 24 when they report for training camp. Thielen doesn't plan on taking time off. They said he'll continue to train every day over the next month with the hope of cracking the roster for the first time.
“I'm going to give it my all to make sure it happens,” Thielen said.
ISTANBUL, Turkey - The Turks and Saudis cosied up for a photograph opportunity at the summit of leaders of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation on Thursday, but some experts say the policy gap between them is too wide for long-term cooperation.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan greeted each of the 55 guests upon arrival with a handshake, but a special peck on the cheek was reserved for a select few. The Saudis got one, the Iranians did not.
Unlike the genuine partnership Turkey has developed with the Qataris over the last decade, some observers say the Turkish-Saudi alliance is based on sheer expedience. Recent visits between the two leaders have been conducted with a fanfare that may be partially a consequence of the vacuous nature of the bond.
“This Turkish-Saudi coming together cannot be long term. It is simply a practical move to deal with some short-term issues,” Yalim Eralp, a retired Turkish ambassador who also served at the NATO command, told Middle East Eye.
According to Eralp, on an ideological level the two countries have long been at odds.
In recent years, ties between Riyadh and Ankara were severely tested by their division over how to react to the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) in Egypt and elsewhere. The Saudis fought against their rise, seeing them as an existential threat, but Ankara backed them as a matter of principle. While Turkey's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) has no direct ideological ties with the MB, it opposes the overthrow of democratically elected governments because of their Islamic-based politics.
These divisions are not new. Turkish media were quick to point out the contrast between Saudi King Salman's state visit and the fate of their great-grandfather, who was publically executed in Istanbul for starting an armed Wahhabi insurgency against the Ottoman Empire. Even after Mustafa Kemal Ataturk came to power in the 1920s, the new Turkish Republic all but ignored the Saudis for decades, choosing to look to Europe instead of the Middle East.
Much has been made of the Saudi-led 34-nation Islamic Military Alliance to Fight Terrorism. Turkey was one of the first countries to sign up, yet it has not made any firm commitments.
Even in the Northern Thunder war games held in Saudi Arabia in mid-February, Turkey participated only as an observer. Ankara has, however, allowed Saudi fighter jets to use its Incirlik airbase, used also by the US and by other coalition partners for attacks against the Islamic State group.
“As a NATO member, Turkey cannot just enter military alliances as it pleases. It could impact Article 5, which is the cornerstone of NATO,” said Eralp. “This Saudi-led military alliance is a more moral project. I don't think it has any military significance.”
Article 5 in the NATO charter concerns collective defence, where an attack on one member is considered an attack on all members.
This is in sharp contrast to the genuine military agreement made with Qatar, where Turkey is building its first military base in the Gulf.
But Muhammed Zahid Gul, a political commentator and writer in various Arabic-language media, told MEE that the relationship is only going to strengthen.
They said they know of 14 agreements in the pipeline between Riyadh and Ankara, many of which concern military investment.
“Many of these soon-to-be-signed agreements are about Saudis investing in Turkey's military and armaments industry and getting Turkish-made military hardware in return. This does not violate any of Turkey's NATO obligations,” they said.
According to Gul, while ideological differences may exist, current geo-political conditions have made them irrelevant.
“Due to the increasingly sectarian nature of conflicts in the region, Turkey and Saudi Arabia now simply have to see themselves as Sunni instead of wondering how Turkey can be more compatible with the Wahhabi Saudis,” Gul said.
“This applies to wider regional issues as well. For instance, there is no real ideological similarity between the Muslim Brotherhood and the majority of the Turkish leadership. So that shouldn't affect things.”
Both countries feel let down by their major ally, the US, in different areas. The Saudis fear they are being ignored as Iran grows in prominence and becomes increasingly aggressive in the region.
The Turks, meanwhile, see the US as no longer a reliable partner, particularly over Syria and perceived US support for Kurdish factions there, which Turkey fears will cause further issues with its own Kurdish minority.
Turkey, like many countries in the West and elsewhere, is also keen to maintain optimal ties with resource-rich Riyadh, hoping to secure investment and capital.
Gul said that an accord made today to establish a strategic council of cabinet officials from the two countries meeting at regular intervals to smooth coordination “is a major step in firmly establishing this alliance”.
Still, for all the unifying gestures, there continue to be signs of tensions beneath the surface.
Another signal that Ankara may not be ready to fully align with the Saudi position came in January, when tensions flared over the Saudi execution of Shia cleric Nimr al-Nimr.
Although Erdoğan had harsh words for Iran and sided with the Saudis, Turkey did not respond to further pressure from Riyadh. Unlike other Gulf states, they refused to withdraw Turkey's ambassador from Tehran and maintained normal relations.
The Saudis have also fallen flat in their attempts to reconcile Cairo and Ankara, which have been extremely frosty since Egypt's Saudi-backed president, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, helped overthrow the democratically elected Muslim Brotherhood President Mohamed Morsi.
Egypt sent only its foreign minister, Sameh Shoukry, to the OIC summit in Istanbul and they did not participate in the traditional group photo, leaving the summit after reading Sisi's message.
According to Eralp, Turkey's policies in the Middle East have become so convoluted that they have begun to hurt the country's image.
“Egypt represents just one Turkish foreign policy blunder. Turkey's image has been so badly damaged that even such close ties with the Saudis no longer make it any worse.”
Teeth brushed, condom on, socks off? The London Times has revealed a list of top ten sex tips for men.1. Men aren't irresistible and not all women are desperate for sex. Good lovemaking starts long before you reach the bedroom, so before any date, have a bath. Everyone smells: some women like the smell of male sweat, others don't, but no one likes the smell of stale sweat. Watching steaming movies can help things along.2. Sexual gymnastics are often distracting. Chopping and changing positions and techniques can make a woman's sexual excitement plummet.3. Thrusting for hours without climaxing doesn't make you a stud muffin. It does make them numb and sore.4. Don't assume your partner is comfortable in their own skin. A survey of 3,500 British women, by the bathroom equipment company SHUC, found that one woman in ten feels so embarrassed about their body that they turn the lights out before taking off their clothes. The average woman still spends a lot of time every day beating themselves up about their weight and looks. Nakedness increases that vulnerability, so be sensitive to their insecurities and, if you think that your partner looks great, for God's sake tell her.5. There's more to sex than pushing the right button. Men have discovered that the key to female orgasm is clitoral stimulation, and many now rub the lamp rather than poking around inside it. The upside is that women are climaxing more often but the increase in emphasis on genital manipulation has made for some very mechanical sex. Going straight to the erogenous zones is the equivalent of fast forward. Men who focus on left breast, right breast, genitals, reduce their partner to a set of body parts.6. Be polite. Never nudge your partner's head towards your nether regions. During fellatio don't thrust into your partner's mouth, don't hold the side of their head - and definitely warn them when you think you are going to come. With regard to orgasm, always operate a ladies-first policy.7. Make certain that your partner knows how attractive you find them by paying as much attention to kissing her, complimenting them and generally spoiling them Don't neglect the breasts and other erogenous zones.8. Though clitoral orgasm is easy to achieve, most women want to experience penetrative orgasm. Intercourse is the ultimate connection between man and woman and the sensation of fullness that it creates is intensely pleasurable.9. Women are slow burners. They take longer to become aroused and get as much pleasure, if not more, out of tenderness, kissing and cuddling. Though quickie sex has its place, for women on the whole, the longer sex takes, the better it feels. If arousal is allowed to build gradually, it floods the whole body rather than being confined to the genital area and a delayed orgasm is infinitely more powerful than an orgasm induced by five minutes of digital manipulation.10. Put a little X in your sex. Watching steamy movies with your partner will increase the chance of somehow's-your-father.Source:Source: Times Online - Oct 3, 2007
More than one billion adults are overweight worldwide, and more than 300 million of them clinically obese, raising the risk of many serious diseases. Only 3.6 percent of Japanese have a body mass index (BMI) over 30, which is the international standard for obesity, whereas 32.0 percent of Americans do. A total of 66.5 percent of Americans have a BMI over 25, making them overweight, but only 24.7 percent of Japanese. This paper examines the reasons Japan has one of the lowest rates of obesity in the world and the United States one of the highest, giving particular attention to underlying economic factors that might be influenced by policy changes. The average person in Japan consumes over 200 fewer calories per day than the average American. Food prices are substantially higher in Japan, but the traditional Japanese dietary habits, although changing, are also healthier. The Japanese are also far more physically active than Americans, but not because they do more planned physical exercise. They walk more than part of their daily lives. They walk more because the cost of driving an automobile is far higher in Japan, whereas public transportation is typically very convenient, but normally requires more walking than the use of a car. In terms of policy solutions, economic incentives could be structured to encourage Americans to drive less and use public transportation more, which would typically also mean walking more.
Citations are extracted by the CitEc Project , subscribe to its RSS feed for this item.
Corrections
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors. You can help correct errors and omissions. When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:ags:umrfwp:14321. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc.
For technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (AgEcon Search). General contact details of provider: http://edirc.repec.org/data/rfumnus.html .
If you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc, we encourage you to do it here. This allows to link your profile to this item. It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about.
If CitEc recognized a reference but did not link an item in RePEc to it, you can help with this form .
If you know of missing items citing this one, you can help us to create those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above, for each refering item. If you are a registered author of this item, you may also want to check the "citations" tab in your RePEc Author Service profile, as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation.
Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services.
Obama STILL Has Not Ordered Flags Flown at Half-Mast for Servicemen Killed in Chattanooga Terror Attack
This Sunday marks three days since an Islamist gunman opened fire Thursday on military facilities in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five unarmed servicemen and wounding a police officer.
President Barack Obama still has not ordered the lowering of the U.S. flag to half-staff at the White House and federal properties as a sign of respect and mourning for those killed, even though they (and former President George W. Bush) did so for previous mass killings by lone gunmen.
In contrast it was only a matter of hours after the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage last month before Obama bathed the White House in the rainbow hues of the LGBTQ movement.
Also, Obama issued same-day orders lowering the flag following the the July 20, 2012 Aurora, Colorado mass shooting, December 14, 2012 Sandy Hook, Connecticut mass shooting and the September 16, 2013 Washington Navy Yard mass shooting.
Obama ordered the flag flown at half-staff the day after the November 5, 2009 Fort Hood, Texas massacre.
President George W. Bush ordered the flag lowered for the April 16, 2007 Virginia Tech massacre the day after that attack.
Obama apparently did not order flags lowered following the Charleston mass shooting last month, however they went to Charleston and delivered the eulogy at the funeral for the Reverend Clementa Pinckney. Several state governors did issue orders to lower flags in their respective states to honor the Charleston victims.
Obama's selectivity on whether to honor victims of terror attacks or mass shootings was in evidence in May when Obama made no public or written statement on the Islamist terror attack in Garland, Texas.
Obama vacationed in New York City this weekend. Meanwhile several state governors took steps to arm National Guard troops under their command and issued proclamations ordering flags in their respective states be flown at half-staff to honor those killed in the Chattanooga attack.
The Pentagon said the day after the attack it would continue to leave recruiters unarmed and unprotected, and ordered Marine recruiters to not wear their uniforms to work.
UPDATE: (Monday) Obama still has not ordered flags at half-mast after the Chattanooga terrorist attack.
Share
Called “Operation Fox Hunt”, Anonymous recently announced plans on YouTube (video below) to digitally attack the Fox News website on the anniversary of Guy Fawkes Day. Similar to previous assaults on other Web properties, the planned attack is likely another denial-of-service attack which will make the site unavailable for visitors for an extended period of time on November 5th. Anonymous is also planning to target former Fox News personality Glenn Beck as well as current Fox News representative Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly during “Operation Fox Hunt”. According to Anonymous, reasons for the attack include ” right wing conservative propaganda” and “belittling the occupiers” of the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations.
Previous to this announcement, Anonymous released personal details of NYPD officers after a video was released of a male officer pepper spraying a group of female protesters enclosed behind a barrier. More recently, hackers with Anonymous launched a distributed denial-of-service attack against the Oakland police department's website after a 24-year-old wounded Marine home from serving two tours in Iraq was critically injured in the Occupy Oakland protest. Police allegedly threw an object that fractured the marine's skull landing them in the hospital, but they are expected to make a full recovery. Anonymous also started posting personal information of Oakland police officers including email addresses, on-duty schedules, phone numbers and badge numbers. A representative of Anonymous is also offering a $1,000 reward to information leading to the officer that threw the projectile.
Inspiration for Anonymous members, Guy Fawkes is most commonly known to attempting to blow up the House of Lords on November 5 in the year 1605. This story was adapted by Warner Brothers into the popular movie V For Vendetta starring Hugo Weaving and Natalie Portman. Anonymous activists have since used the white mask wore by Weaving during the film, both in YouTube videos and during public demonstrations.
If you have just 48 hours to spend in Milan, here's a pretty good way to experience what the city has to offer and spend a little time off the beaten path at the same time.
It's a beautiful city no matter where you go, but if you want to do it right, here's what I recommend based on past experience.
Stay: Park Hyatt Milano
I know what you're thinking: “Park Hyatt?” Trust me when I say that the Park Hyatt Milano is the highest rated hotel in the city for a reason. It's right in the heart of the city, practically located within Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II, and is pretty central to anywhere that you're going to want to see in the city.
It's pricey, but it'll probably end up placing pretty high on the list of the nicest hotels you've ever stayed at. The location is amazing, as is the hotel itself, but the real kicker is the service you receive.
Ask the concierge and they'll take care of anything you could ever need. Have a postcard you want to mail back? They'll ship it free of charge. Need a rental car? They'll loan you a 2015 Fiat 500 Abarthe for free. You don't even pay for the gas. Tell them where you want to go, they'll program everything into the GPS so that all you have to do is drive to the next destination.
Side note: If you're under 25 and can't get a rental car yourself, this is a pretty good workaround as the hotel only requires you to be 18.
The room are extremely spacious –especially for Europe– with a full bedroom and massive bathroom/closet area. It's nice, but I wouldn't expect any less for the high cost of the room. They even offer nightly turn-down service which is nice if you spend the whole day exploring and want fresh towels or sparkling water waiting for you. There's also a spa located in the basement that is about as secluded and relaxing as a spa can get in the middle of a downtown area. It's fairly reasonable too, especially considering the high cost of the hotel and dining.
Dining options are excellent, though extremely overpriced. If you're willing to pay high prices for the experience, spend a little time at the bar before you head out for the night. Sit at the bar and talk with the bartender, you can watch as they make drinks and he'll explain what he's doing. Trust me, you'll want to know. It's one of the rare instances where your bartender isn't rushed and can give drinks the care they deserve. Be forewarned though, our party of two had three drinks each and the total was nearly $200 USD, so you're definitely paying for part of the experience there.
Breakfast is also quite amazing, with some of the most perfectly ripe strawberries I've ever laid my eyes on. Another suggestion, just get the French Toast. It's wonderful and magically light; you won't regret it. Breakfast can also be quite expensive –roughly $80 USD– but if you're a Hyatt Diamond member, it's all free.
Do: Como and Bellagio
Spend the day in Bellagio (yes, the real Bellagio) and Como. They surround the lake and provide gorgeous views while there and for the entire drive. Fair warning: the roads are very narrow and people aren't much for staying on their side. This is where the Park Hyatt's Fiat comes into play. Fiats are small and do well on these kinds of roads, but larger cars might be a bit tighter of a fit.
Hit up Bellagio first. You can head there around one side of the lake, then loop back around the other side to hit Como on your way back to Milan. It's only a 65 minute drive to Bellagio, barring any blockage on the thin one-way roads, but it might just be one of the most beautiful hours you'll ever spend driving.
When you get there, park your car and walk down to La Goletta at the Grand Hotel Villa Serbelloni. It's right on the water, but slightly pulled back from the slight bustle of the streets. Relax, eat the wonderfully tasty food, and watch the ships sail by.
Once you've finished, take some time to explore the town. It might be bustling with tourists, but it's still a small town at heart.
From here, head to Como. It's a long drive, maybe 45 additional minutes down a long and windy side road on the edge of a mountain, but it's worth it.
In Como, you'll find Duomo di Como, a 600-year-old Cathedral dropped right in the center of a vibrant shopping district. While you won't find much here beyond the Duomo and a few stores to shop in, there's one cool view that I'd be remised not to mention.
On the top floor of the local department store, there's a restaurant that has terrible food and terrible service, but the best view. Ask to be seated outside and you'll might luck out with no smokers taking over the patio. It's the best spot to grab a drink and take in the view of the Italian countryside. Eat a pretzel, have some beer, then bounce.
Make your way back to Milan and look for some grub. Just a few blocks away from the hotel is Royal Restaurant. It's an outdoor cafe that has some of the best pasta you'll find in Milan. Plus, their house wine and french fries are killer.
Despite only being three blocks from the hotel, you'll encounter many gelato spots on the way back to the hotel. Pick some up and revel in its deliciousness. It's worth it, you can go on a short run when you get home.
tl;dr of 48 Hours in Milan
Stay at the Park Hyatt Milan. Eat their breakfast, enjoy a massage in the spa, and take one of their cars for a road trip. Explore around the hotel. You're in a great location filled with amazing restaurants and endless historical sites – not to mention every shopping spot you could ask for. It might be expensive, but you won't regret it. Additionally, it's a completely reasonable booking using Hyatt Gold Passport points, which are transferrable from Chase Ultimate Rewards so they're fairly easy to acquire.
If you have questions or suggestions of your own, hit me up on Twitter at @alexrubens.
LIONEL Buckett sails through life with their head in the clouds and their feet deeply planted in the ground.
Their family have owned large swathes of land in the Blue Mountains since the 1950s, and they have now carved out a fantasy cave cabin looking out over some of Australia's most magnificent bushland.
“I've got lots of connections with this beautiful place,” they say of their 600 acres of land verged by World Heritage listed rainforest.
Up on a natural rock platform, they have built a spectacular concrete and steel construction with a small, round wooden door and a sandstone kitchen.
The fairytale bathroom has a hand-carved stone basin, long-drop toilet and an outdoor shower so guests can feel as though they're standing under a waterfall.
Double-glazed glass doors seal off the cave in bad weather, but Lionel prefers to keep them open. “You can see the clouds, hear the water,” they tell news.com.au. “I sit there and feel as though I've gone a million years back in time. It hasn't changed in ten million, and it was an active volcano 20 million years ago.
“There's been no human interference. It's easy to be inspired when you look at that.”
Lionel, 55, has been dreaming up wild projects like this for years, honing their skills building eco-friendly holiday cabins and a remarkable treehouse with its own spa and kitchen.
They use convict tools and energy-efficient design features, including solar power and a corkscrew copper pipe that captures waste heat.
Jamie Andrei, who has made a short film about Lionel's extraordinary project for TedxSydney's 2015 film program, describes the cave as “Grand Designs meets Gaudi”.
“Living in the city, I've got a lot of mates who say they'll do this or that and never do,” they told news.com.au. “The cave feels rock-solid in its protected nook. It's amazing to see. The sunsets are stunning, the birds fly past, you can unwind in the stillness. It's a little sanctuary.”
Lionel's company, Australian Hardwood Homes, was using sustainable building techniques decades ahead of others, and it's left the Gerringong-born designer with a coterie of talented associates to help make their visions come to life.
“I have a stonemason friend who does fine carvings,” they say. “He carved a lobster, a platypus and a pheasant's tail out ironstone and set it in the roof.”
The Aboriginal-style carvings are similar to ones seen in the rock nearby, and they tell a story.
Lieutenant Bowen, who used to chop down wood here in 1830, wrote in their diary that they didn't like spending time with convicts, so they started socialising with an Aboriginal group. They had lunch together, they would borrow their shoes, and they brought them presents: the baby platypus that inspired the name of the creek; yabbies; and the lyre birds that today imitate the sounds of Lionel's power tools.
“People are gobsmacked by the sheer beauty of the land,” they say. “It's spectacularly beautiful.”
He's almost ready to share their magical creation with the rest of the world, starting with guests they already know. But the building remains movable.
“I might change it,” they add airily. “Depending on my experiences, how the sun sets, how the winds change.”
Visit the TedxSydney website to find out more about 2015's film program, which promises to engage and educate in unexpected ways.
Sheryl Tillinghast was 17 when they disappeared without a trace in September 1973
PHELPS — Looking back on their life as a little girl living in a single-wide trailer in the town of Phelps, Laura Hinckley described them growing up years as shrouded in dysfunction.
Hinckley, now 51, called it a complicated existence for their family of 10 — one that was exacerbated by a hard-working but troubled mother who struggled with alcoholism.
Through the bouts of abuse they endured, Hinckley and their seven siblings forged a tight relationship. One of their big sisters, Sheryl Tillinghast, provided much of the familial warmth to the tepid atmosphere inside the crowded home.
Hinckley's voice softens when they describe their big sister.
Tillinghast was a strong and mothering person who was devoted to making sure their siblings were taken care of, particularly the young ones like herself. Hinckley noted that Tillinghast and their mother, Gertrude Belcher, at times would butt heads about how they were treating the younger children.
"She would interact with us regularly and made sure we had something to do," Hinckley recalled. "She would take us on picnics and she'd bake cookies for us on the holidays. They were the one who baby-sat us and took care of us. They were very nurturing."
Those memories are all Hinckley has left of their beloved older sister, as more than 40 years ago — in September 1973 — a 17-year-old Tillinghast disappeared without a trace.
Space between
In January 1973, when they were 16 years old, Tillinghast departed for Dutchess County after running into legal trouble — they were found with a small quantity of marijuana, according to Hinckley.
Tillinghast ultimately was assigned to carry out community service work at Wassaic State School in the town of Amenia. The school, which opened in the 1930s, provided education and services for people who were developmentally delayed.
By June 1973, they were officially done with their sentence and released from their duties at the school, but they stayed on after they were hired to work in the facility's laundry room.
The plan all along, according to discussions with their family, was that Tillinghast would come and visit their family soon.
"She had a great relationship with their sisters," said New York State Police Investigator Thomas Crowley, of Troop E based in Canandaigua.
Crowley has been working on Tillinghast's cold case since 2012.
"While they were gone, they would write a letter every other week to their sisters," the investigator said. "She was concerned about them. They wanted to know that things were going well for them and that they were being taken care of, and they had concerns that maybe they weren't."
Tillinghast would never visit, however, and by September 1973, their letters to the house stopped as did their employment at the Wassaic State School.
Despite the tumultuous relationship between the two, Tillinghast's mother, Gertrude Belcher, dug into their daughter's mysterious absence, but did not get any answers.
Belcher was told by school officials and Tillinghast's caseworker that the 17-year-old was an adult — if they wanted to come home they would, Hinckley said.
"My mother got it in their head that they just left," they added.
For Hinckley, that statement doesn't add up, and letters they found decades after Tillinghast's disappearance proved their suspicions, they said.
Before they vanished, the now missing teenager sent letters to a judge requesting that a caseworker go to their former home and check up on their younger siblings.
"She was worried about our health and welfare," said Hinckley, who was 9 years old when Tillinghast was last accounted for.
"I was about 36 years old when I saw those letters," they said. "That made me 100 percent convinced that this was not somebody who just picked up and left."
That Tillinghast was the victim of foul play was the only conclusion that made sense to Hinckley. Through years of uncovering layers of information about the disappearance, that theory has now become a certainty for Hinckley.
Starting to add up
"The first few years that they were gone, I just anticipated that my sister would come home at some point," Hinckley said.
They remember their mother saving wrapped birthday presents for Tillinghast, preparing for the possibility of their lost daughter walking through the door.
And as the years passed, along with birthdays and holidays, the family believed that law enforcement was actively searching for Tillinghast.
However, that was not the case.
"Everyone in the family had assumed that the older siblings had reported them missing," Hinckley said. "But in 1998 we discovered that nobody had."
By 1998 — around 25 years after the disappearance — Hinckley had given up hope that Tillinghast was alive, but they hoped there would be answers.
Already behind the eight ball, the case was taken on by the State Police, with investigators jumping into the case with countless searches, Crowley said.
"We've had investigators knock on doors in downstate New York in the areas where they used to live, and talked to people face to face," Crowley said.
The conclusion among investigators leaned toward Hinckley's beliefs.
"There's just no indication that they ran away," the investigator said.
Supporting the theory was the discovery that Tillinghast had left behind two paychecks and all their personal effects in their apartment located on the Wassaic State School property.
Also, there has been no use of their Social Security number through the decades.
But with no sign that they ran away, there's also no sign that she's alive.
Crowley said there are suspects, but for Hinckley there is a prime suspect — a man whom their sister became involved with romantically at the Wassaic State School.
They were an older man who had also worked in the laundry facility. Their family members were administrators at the school, according to Hinckley.
During the early morning hours of Aug. 29, 1973, Tillinghast called police to have the man they were seeing arrested after they allegedly assaulted them
After they were apprehended hours later by law enforcement, they were arraigned in court, but a relative promptly posted theirs bail.
In October 1973, a court appearance regarding the alleged assault was set up, but by then Tillinghast was already gone. The case fizzled out.
"We know that they had a boyfriend and we know that there was some trouble there," Crowley said, referencing police reports that were reviewed and a general framework developed.
"We definitely have suspects, and that boyfriend is a suspect," the investigator added.
Opening the past
While living in Missouri, Hinckley came in contact with an investigator from the Poughkeepsie area who had stumbled on their sister's case a few years earlier.
In 2013, they made the decision to talk to the investigator face to face and see Wassaic State School, which is now closed.
Hinckley traveled the hundreds of miles north to upstate New York with their daughter by their side. They would stroll the grounds of the school that seemed haunted to them — they even snapped photos of the decrepit laundry facility where their sister worked. Inside, Hinckley walked the halls that their sister had most likely walked in.
While in the area, Hinckley attempted to reach out to people who had worked at the school as well as police officers from the area. Nobody remembered Tillinghast.
Hinckely wonders why school officials didn't report their sister missing with all their belongings that were left behind — a question that seems impossible for anyone to provide a clear answer.
It is a harsh feeling that Hinckley can't help but feel — that the sister that they cherished and has waited for was a just "throwaway" to so many people.
They reflected on the thought that their mother didn't do enough to find their long lost daughter, but they find no use in holding resentment to their mother, who died in 1996.
"I loved my mother," Hinckley said. "I don't feel resentment toward them I know that based on their past — based on what happened to them growing up — they did the best they could. As parents that's all we can do."
They believe that Tillinghast's remains are somewhere around that decaying school. It's a rural area, they said, one with a swamp and pond.
"What was they going through their last few minutes before they died — did they suffer?" Hinckley asked. "I'll never have closure to know that my sister is still out there. You want to know what happened. In order to put this to rest, you need to know what happened to your loved one. Even if the truth of what happened is painful, you still need to know."
'Anything it takes'
Hinckley has since left Ellington, Mo., recently moving more than 1,000 miles away to Sanford, Fla.
At their new home, they took some time to dig through some boxes to locate pictures of their lost sister. Those photos are intermixed with the four children of their own.
"She crosses my mind every day and I pray for her," Hinckley said.
They noted that when their daughters turned 17, it was a cherished feeling that also magnified the pain they felt for Tillinghast, who would be 59 years old today.
"It makes me sad that their life was cut short at 17," Hinckley said. "She didn't get to do all the things that I got to do — get married, have children and watch them grow up, have grandchildren — to see the miracle of your family grow."
The hope for Hinckley is that someday, somebody will come forward and provide the answers that they have prayed for for so long.
They sum up their dedication to finding those answers with ease — "Anything it takes," they said.
"I can't give up," Hinckley said. "It's not in me. I still hold out hope that there will be a miracle."
— Anybody with information on this case is asked to contact the New York State Police, Troop E, Major Crimes Unit at 585-398-4100 or by email at nysvicap@troopers.ny.gov.
When preparing for your fantasy baseball drafts, it is a must to have a strategy before going into your draft. To assist you in your strategy, we have provided you with our Consensus Top 100 outfielder rankings for 2016, tiered rankings, and NL-only and AL-only rankings as well.
Now that we have provided you all these tools you need to prepare for your drafts, your fantasy draft preparation would be incomplete without some outfielders to target and avoid, which we provide you today.
We asked each of the fantasy baseball writers to provide you with the outfielder they would avoid in fantasy drafts this season, and you can find them along with their reasoning below.
Outfielders to Avoid in 2016
Joc Pederson, Dodgers (Jack Cecil)
Peterson is the classic athlete who lacks the hit tool to make it all work. Maybe one day they figure it all out, but he'd have to drastically tone down what he's been doing all of their life, and I just don't expect them to figure out how to solve their mechanical and approach problems in one offseason.
After hitting .298 in March and April, they proceeded to not hit above .236 in a single month after, while never having a strikeout rate better than 28%. Their 15.8% line drive rate almost matches their 15.2% infield fly ball rate, and indicates that their entire swing path is bad since he's not blasting 40 homers. Lastly, they were a dead pull hitter, and is going to face many full shifts next year if they don't change their ways. There's plenty of talent here, and buying low during the year in a keeper or dynasty would be recommended, but I don't think you'll be getting your moneys worth if you draft them in a single season format.
Billy Hamilton, Reds (Ray Guilfoyle)
I am the low guy among our writers on Hamilton this season, ranking them as my #67 outfielder in our top 100 consensus rankings. Here is what I wrote about them earlier this week:
I am pretty down on Hamilton in 2016, as they are coming off a pretty pitiful season at the plate, hitting just .226-.274-.289 with 4 home runs, 56 runs scored, 28 RBI and 57 stolen bases in 65 attempts. The Reds are in a mini rebuild at the moment, so Hamilton's grip on the starting center field job is probably safe heading into the season, but I would not be surprised to see them sit more in 2016, and possibly lose the starting job. Reds manager Bryan Price has already offered support to Hamilton in spring training, saying that Hamilton will return to being their lead off hitter, but did not commit to it long term. The offseason trade for Jose Peraza could impact Hamilton's playing time as there is talk that Peraza could be used all over the infield and outfield this season.
Nelson Cruz, Mariners (Daniel Kelley)
In their first year in Seattle, the now-35-year-old Cruz set a full-season career-high in BABIP and blew past their career best in HR/FB rate. Like, he'd never before topped 21.3 percent, they moved to a bad homer park, and suddenly that number was 30.3 percent. All that despite being a year older and seeing no real change in any of their hard-hit percentages. Cruz has an old-player's skill set in an era where players are becoming old faster than they have in a couple generations. There's not a definite cliff in their future, but I'm very comfortable saying they aren't topping a .900 OPS again, and even .800 might be the ceiling.
Yoenis Cespedes, Mets (Domenic Lanza)
Before diving in, I feel the need to clarify that I would not avoid Cespedes entirely. Rather, this reflects my hesitancy to qualify them as one of the top-35 fantasy assets heading into 2016, which is where they have been drafted thus far. Cespedes' 2015 was largely defined by career-highs in R (by 12), HR (by 12), and RBI (by 5), and the general sense that they had figured out how to consistently drive the ball. Digging a bit deeper, though, 22 of their 35 home runs came after the All-Star break, with 17 of those coming in 56 games from August through the end of the season. Over that time their HR/FB was 23%, which is way out of line with their career norm of 14.1% (and their previous career-high of 14.8%). Moreover, as per ESPN's Home Run Tracker, ten of their home runs were either 'just enough' or 'lucky,' and their average home run distance was middle of the pack for those with 30-plus home runs. Cespedes also took fewer walks than ever last season, while also swinging at more pitches out of the zone. I don't doubt that he'll be a fine fantasy player this year - I'm just unwilling to take the risk that he'll be elite once again.
Ryan Braun, Brewers (Michael Schwarz)
Braun turned 32 in November and is coming off back surgery. Their team has no plans to contend this season, which likely means more days off for the ailing slugger and fewer impact bats in the lineup when they do play. Despite Milwaukee's dumpster-fire of a 2015 season, Braun did manage to post impressive numbers, including 25 HR and 24 SB. He's certainly capable of repeating those numbers, but the odds, all things considered, are very much against it. I will let someone else take the risk.
Brett Gardner, Yankees (Tim Finnegan)
I published a short piece earlier this week explaining why drafting Gardy this year concerns me. Their wrist, which they injured *five* months ago, is still hurting. Here's what John Harper of the Daily News wrote,
How alarming is it that Brett Gardner showed up for spring training still bothered by a left wrist injury they suffered in the Wild Card game last October? "I was shocked to hear that," an AL scout said on Friday. "The Yankees have to be awfully nervous about that. If it didn't heal in, what, five months, then you'd have to think it could linger. Wrists are the worst injury for a hitter. I've seen it with plenty of guys. You can aggravate it just swinging and missing." For that matter, Mark Teixiera can tell Gardner all about it. They admit now that their wrist injury basically cost them two years of their career. To make matters worse, Gardner was bothered by an injury to their right wrist last season that some Yankee people believe was a significant factor in their poor second half. "They were a completely different team when Gardner was playing well," the scout said. "He and (Jacoby) Ellsbury both. They need both of those guys healthy all year to have a shot at winning the division."
That sounds terrifying. Gardner is a risk to shut it down at any point, and even if they play, you'd think a balky wrist would hurt their production.
Fantasy Rundown
If you are looking for more fantasy baseball, football or basketball coverage, look no further than Fantasy Rundown,which provides links to all of the best fantasy content on the internet.
Hulu announced on Friday that it will exclusively stream the English dubs of the Erased and Charlotte anime on July 1.
ERASED premiered in January 2016 and ran for 12 episodes. Funimation, Crunchyroll, and Daisuki streamed the series with English subtitles as it aired, and Aniplex of America released the series on Blu-ray Disc with the English dub.
The anime is based on Kei Sanbe's Boku dake ga Inai Machi manga, and it follows Satoru, a struggling manga artist who has an ability that forces them back in time to prevent deaths. When their mother is killed he's sent back in time to solve the mystery, but ends up back in elementary school, just before the disappearance of their classmate Kayo.
Tomohiko Ito (Sword Art Online, Silver Spoon) directed the series and Taku Kishimoto (Silver Spoon, Haikyu!!) handled series composition at A-1 Pictures. Keigo Sasaki (The Seven Deadly Sins, Blue Exorcist) designed the characters for the anime and Yuki Kajiura (Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Sword Art Online) composed the music.
The 13-episode Charlotte anime premiered in July 2015 and it streamed with English subtitles on Crunchyroll, Hulu, Viewster, Daisuki, and the Aniplex Channel as it aired. Aniplex of America released the series on Blu-ray Disc with an English Dub.
Aniplex of America describes the story:
Very few adolescent boys and girls have an onset of special abilities. Yu Otosaka is one such man who uses their ability unbeknownst to others in order to lead a satisfying school life. Then one day, a girl named Nao Tomori suddenly appears before him. Their encounter reveals the destiny for wielders of special abilities.
Yoshiyuki Asai directed the anime at P.A. Works from an original concept and scripts by Jun Maeda. Kanami Sekiguchi adapted Na-Ga's original character designs. Key released the anime in celebration of its 15th anniversary. It is Jun Maeda's second original anime work, with the first being Angel Beats! in 2010.
Until then, Durand-Ruel's commitment to the Impressionists had them continually flirting with bankruptcy. With the success of their American venture, European collectors came on board, and they finally achieved financial security for themselves and their artists. By the mid-1890s, they had paid off their debts, and they enjoyed a contented prosperity until their death at 90 in 1922.
A large question remains about Durand-Ruel's career and business practices, one that this show's curators and catalog essayists stop short of answering: How does the modern system of distribution and sales developed by Durand-Ruel affect how the public sees and understands art? Traditional art history has tended to treat art separately from business. But for Durand-Ruel to have been so successful, surely the artists they sponsored would have had to adapt to their system by supplying them with lots of portable, consistently stylized, brandable works.
And the numbers are remarkable. Over four decades, Durand-Ruel bought about 1,000 Monets, 1,500 Renoirs, 800 Pissarros, 200 Manets and 400 each of works by Degas, Sisley and Cassatt. That's not to mention the thousands of pieces by old masters and contemporary academics that they bought and sold to keep their business going.
You don't have to be a doctrinaire Marxist to see in this a certain, perhaps irresolvable, contradiction. The Impressionists have usually been viewed as avatars of romantic individualism, with their sensually personal brushwork and images of pastoral and domestic bliss. Yet in their industrious productivity, they aligned themselves with a form of commerce that prevailed throughout the business world. It's a conflict that most professional artists continue to struggle with, successfully or not, under the reign of capitalism, and it's as acute today as it ever was.
CNET
Apple has begun the process of lessening its dependency on Samsung for chipmaking, an analyst told CNET.
"Apple is working with TSMC at 20 nanometers," said Gus Richard, a chip analyst at Piper Jaffray, referring to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's most advanced 20-nanometer (nm) manufacturing process.
Another chip industry source contacted by CNET confirmed this. "The Apple-Samsung relationship has deteriorated to such a poor point that they're just looking to fill contractual obligations, then make a change," said the source, who corroborated the move to TSMC at 20 nanometers.
An Asia-based news report said Apple will turn to TSMC for quad-core chips.
Of course, a seismic shift like this -- Apple consumes probably more chips than any single consumer device maker in the world right now -- can have a profound impact on other TSMC customers. "TSMC has allocated a disproportionate amount of resources to Apple. And has pushed out other [TSMC customers] in the process," Richard said.
This shift will not happen overnight, though. "They'll ramp down Samsung and ramp up TSMC. And some products will get some one and some of the other," Richard said.
Changes in chip manufacturing can significantly boost a device's performance and/or battery life but are not always spelled out by the product supplier. This is particularly the case with smartphones and tablets.
"When Apple shifted from 45 [nanometers] to 32 [nanometers] nobody knew. You may have bought an iPad with a 45-nanometer chip or a 32-nanometer chip. They switched over slowly without anybody knowing it," Richard said, referring to Apple's A5 processor and Samsung's shift from 45 to 32 nanometers.
Indeed, as it turned out, Apple slipped a more advanced A5 chip into some $399 iPad 2s, which a review site said resulted in better battery life, among other benefits.
And when is all of this going to happen? "I expect Apple to tape out -- which means they'll send the design to TSMC to see if they can make it -- early next year and probably be in production by the end of next year," according to Richard.
And what happens after that at the even more advanced 14 nanometer process? "I'm also hearing that Intel and Apple are talking again. But for 14 [nanometer] not for 20," said Richard, who qualified this by saying that this is by no means a done deal at this stage.
The Apple-TSMC news was first reported by MacRumors, based on a report from Taiwan Economic News.
Apple and TSMC have not yet responded to a request for comment.
Equality Michigan Petitions Michfest to End Exclusionary Policy
A perennial source of controversy, Michigan Womyn's Music Festival's 'womyn born womyn' intention comes under fire from one of the state's largest LGBT advocacy organizations.
Equality Michigan launched a petition urging organizers of the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival to put an end to their 'Womyn Born Womyn' intention on Monday. The rule, which festival organizers insist is not an official policy, has been described by many as transphobic.
"[W]e reject the premise that transgender women are lesser than, we reject that this belief is a tenant of feminism, and we will no longer respect the 'intention' or that 'leaving the onus on each individual to choose whether or how to respect it' equates to inclusion," Equality Michigan wrote in a blog post. "To us, this sounds like the arguments we heard around 'don't ask, don't tell' — and like that policy, this one just doesn't work for us."
Later, the organization calls upon lesbian, gay, and bisexual people to "stand up, even if it is to our own, and make it clear that transgender women deserve to be treated as women in all settings," and adding, "The time has come, we are drawing a line in the sand, this 'intention' can no longer stand."
The petition calls for an end to the "womyn born womyn" intention, for festival cofounder Lisa Vogel to meet with leaders in the transgender community, for vendors and workshop leaders to publicly voice support for an end to the policy, and for artists and attendees to boycott the festival and instead perform at and support trans-inclusive women's events. Additionally, the petition calls on performers already committed to this year's festival to denounce the current policy from the stage, and commit to not participating in future years.
Michfest performer Crystal Bowersox told The Advocate in May that the believe "in equality for everyone, and I do hope that in the future the Womyn's Fest will choose to include transgender women. In your heart, in your mind, in your lifestyle, in your body — if you're a woman, you're a woman. That's that."
Bowersox continued, saying that they remain torn on the issue, and understands the festival's current stance. They followed this by asking festival management to "open their hearts and minds a little more."
Equality Michigan's petition can be found here.
The 2014 Michigan Womyn's Music Festival is scheduled August 5 through 10.
JERSEY CITY -- A New Jersey jury on Thursday found a non-profit group that provides gay-to-straight conversion therapy guilty of consumer fraud for promising clients they could overcome their sexual urges by undressing in front of other men, pummeling an effigy of their mothers, and re-enacting traumatic childhood experiences.
In the first case in the nation to put the controversial practice on trial, the jury concluded that Arthur Goldberg and Elaine Berk, the founders of Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing in Jersey City and life coach Alan Downing to whom JONAH referred patients, "engaged in unconscionable commercial practices" and misrepresented their services.
Chuck LiMandri, president of the Freedom of Conscience Defense Fund and JONAH's lead counsel, said they would appeal the decision, which they called a blow to religious liberty.
The verdict requires JONAH and Downing to refund thousands of dollars paid by former clients Michael Ferguson, Benjamin Unger, Sheldon Bruck, Chaim Levin, and parents Jo Bruck and Bella Levin for the individual and group counseling sessions and the "journey into manhood" weekends in the woods. Downing charged $60 to $100 for group and individual sessions but shared 20 percent with JONAH to help defray its administrative costs.
After three hours of deliberations, the jury found Unger was entitled to $17,950; Chaim Levin was entitled to $650; their mother, Bella, $4,000; and Bruck's mother, Jo, $500.
But the victory has broader implications. The national civil rights legal advocacy group Southern Poverty Law Center filed the case to take a stand against conversion therapy -- a frequent target of public criticism since the passage of same-sex marriage laws and other LGBT legal protections. In 2013, New Jersey joined California by outlawing licensed therapists from providing the therapy to minors. Oregon and Washington D.C. followed. Last month, a bill was introduced in Congress would classify commercial conversion therapy and advertising that claims to change sexual orientation and gender identity as fraud.
"This is a momentous event in the history of the LGBT rights movement," said David Dinielli, deputy director for the law center and lead attorney for the plaintiffs. "The jury agreed not only is this based on lies, but it is an unconscionable business practice."
The legal battle is not over, Dinielli said they would be asking the court for an injunction to stop JONAH from operating. They will also seek the payment of their attorneys fees, which is permitted under the consumer fraud act.
"This is something brutal based on lies, and it needs to stop," they said.
LiMandri contended JONAH was founded on the belief that homosexuality is a spiritual disorder caused by childhood trauma, and could be treated with two to four years of steady counseling.
"All of us can control our sexual behavior and each of us has not only the right but the obligation to decide what is right and wrong about our behavior," LiMandri said following the verdict.
"Here's the good news though: reality cannot be controlled by judges," LiMandri said, referring to Superior Court Judge Peter F. Bariso Jr.'s decision earlier this year to bar some of their expert witnesses. Bariso said because psychological experts had discredited the treatment, they would not allow them to testify to its validity.
"We will continue this fight for core American values, including the freedom of traditional believers to live as free and equal citizens in this great country. This case is not over," they said.
LiMandri argued during the trial the plaintiffs weren't entitled to call the program a failure because they had dropped out. Even then, they never requested a refund. LiMandri produced emails from Unger thanking JONAH and praised Downing, themselves a man who claimed to control their gay tendencies and married a woman.
The plaintiffs only agreed to sue because they were later persuaded by a gay rights organization who was determined to make a national example of JONAH, LiMandri told jurors in closing arguments Wednesday, following the three-week trial before Superior Court Judge Peter F. Bariso Jr. in Hudson County.
"They are flat-out liars," they said.
James Bromley, one of the plaintiff's attorneys, accused Goldberg of lying to their clients - three orthodox Jews and a Mormon- who were desperate to conform to the expectations of their religious communities to marry and have children. They were lured by Goldberg's false promise of the program's two-thirds success rate, but Bromley reminded jurors Goldberg testified that estimate was based on counselors' opinions.
The defendants claimed they never called homosexuality a mental disease but rather a spiritual disorder. Bromley read back an email Berk sent to clients that compared homosexuality to alcoholism -- a disease recognized by the American Psychiatric Association.
They also reminded jurors of the tactics. Chaim Levin was made to relive the sexual abuse as a child by a relative. Downing coached Unger to blame their mother for making them gay, then gave them a tennis racket and told them to strike a pillow and imagine they were hitting them During weekend retreats and in group sessions, clients were encouraged to undress to rid themselves of "body-shame" and touch themselves to express their manhood.
They asked the jury to recall the testimony of Carol Bernstein, former president of the American Psychiatric Association, who compared conversion therapy counselors "to amateur surgeons operating on the minds of young gay men."
"You never want to go under the knife with an amateur surgeon," they said.
Susan K. Livio may be reached at slivio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @SusanKLivio. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
ARSENE Wenger has refused to sign a new long-term contract with Arsenal, insisting they can find a cheaper, younger version of himself.
Arsenal chiefs have warned the Yafflesque manager that if they let their contract run down theres a chance they will be snapped up by Manchester City to manage their subs bench.
Wenger has repeatedly stated their love for Arsenal but has worried fans by talking about their frustration at not winning any trophies under himself.
They said: Ive been tracking a teenager in Senegal who I think can become the next Arsene Wenger. I refuse to pay the stupid prices I command just because I am a well known name.
We have a wage structure in the club and I am not going to break that just to keep me here. I know what my future plans are for the squad and if I cant see that then maybe its time I moved on.
The club have signed a number of youth managers over the years that were tipped to become the next Arsene Wenger but none have achieved the requisite level of refusal to play direct football when necessary-ness.
The Senegalese protégé that Wenger hopes will break this trend was spotted by the Arsenal manager on a Youtube clip giving a gnomic press conference about balancing the books and the need for a winter break in the league schedule.
Wenger said: He still needs to develop their skills berating fourth officials and kicking water bottles in disgust but I think one day they could refuse to buy any decent players at the highest level.
Companies who employ hydraulic fracturing ‒ also known as fracking ‒ on public and American Indian lands will have to publicly disclose what chemicals they use during the process, according to fracking rules released by the government.
The Bureau of Land Management issued the first federal regulations of fracking on Friday, which come into effect in 90 days. Along with disclosing the chemicals, companies will have to ensure the protection of groundwater supplies, increase their standards for interim storage of recovered waste fluids, and take measures to lower the risk of cross-well contamination.
“Current federal well-drilling regulations are more than 30 years old and they simply have not kept pace with the technical complexities of today's hydraulic fracturing operations,” Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell said in a statement. “[I]t is absolutely critical the public have confidence that transparent and effective safety and environmental protections are in place.”
The new rule provides a framework of safeguards and disclosure protocols to allow for the “continued responsible development” of federal resources, Jewell said.
REMINDER: Republicans Made It A Crime To Tell Other People What's In #Fracking Fluid http://t.co/qBjYBJmFOlpic.twitter.com/2Um8GHz2XS — The Baxter Bean (@TheBaxterBean) March 20, 2015
The BLM's final rule came after receiving 1.5 million public comments during a four-year process to update onshore oil and gas drilling regulations. It will cover the more than 100,000 wells on about 700 million acres of underground mineral rights on federally managed lands, or about 90 percent of wells on public lands.
States and tribes will be able to request variances from the provisions if they have an equal or more protective regulation in place, the agency said. Many of the provisions in the rule are similar to or based on existing state or tribal rules and industry best practices.
“This rule will protect public health and the environment during and after hydraulic fracturing operations at a modest cost while both respecting the work previously done by the industry, the states and the tribes and promoting the adoption of more protective standards across the country,” said Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management Janice Schneider. “It will be implemented in the most efficient way possible to avoid duplication or unnecessary activities by industry, other regulators, or BLM staff. We know how important it is to get this right.”
READ MORE: ‘Fracking loophole' allows drilling companies to use unregulated toxins – report
BLM estimates the new rule will cost less than one-fourth of 1 percent of the cost of drilling a well, based on the Energy Information Administration's average per well cost of $5.4 million.
In spite of receiving input from the oil and gas industry, supporters accuse President Barack Obama and their administration of seeking to throttle fossil-fuel production in the US.
“Despite the renaissance on state and private lands, energy production on federal lands has fallen, and this rule is just one more barrier to growth,” Erik Milito, director of upstream operations for the American Petroleum Institute in Washington, said in a statement.
Environmental groups are applauding the new rule, but would like it to go further, Bloomberg reported. They are prodding the Environmental Protection Agency and BLM to issue tight restrictions on methane leaks from fracked wells, a source of greenhouse gases.
“Saturday Night Live” alum Maya Rudolph has signed on to voice one of the lead roles in Disney's upcoming animated movie “Big Hero 6,” TheWrap has learned.
A representative for Disney did not respond to a request for comment.
Don Hall and Chris Williams are co-directing “Big Hero 6,” which has been operating under a cloud of secrecy. Disney hasn't confirmed any voice cast thus far, though the film is slated to hit theaters on November 7.
Also read: Marvel, Disney Partner on Animated Release: ‘Big Hero 6' (Video)
T.J. Miller (“Silicon Valley”) was the first actor rumored to be cast as Fredzilla, and TheWrap has confirmed that Jamie Chung (“Sucker Punch”) will voice a character named Go Go Tomago.
Chung's casting was revealed earlier Monday after “Big Hero 6” was listed by NBC.com among their feature credits in their official bio for the network's new series “Believe.”
“Big Hero 6” is a comedic action-adventure movie about brilliant robotics prodigy Hiro Hamada, who finds themselves in the grips of a criminal plot that threatens to destroy the fast-paced, high-tech city of San Fransokyo. With the help of their closest companion — a robot named Baymax — Hiro joins forces with a reluctant team of first-time crime fighters on a mission to save their city.”
Also read: Andy Samberg, Kristen Bell to Guest Star on NBC's ‘Maya Rudolph Show' Special
The youth-skewing film is expected to be primarily populated by young voice actors, though several other recognizable actors will likely be revealed in the coming weeks and months.
Rudolph, who recently voiced a character in “The Nut Job,” will soon be seen in their husband Paul Thomas Anderson‘s upcoming detective comedy “Inherent Vice.” Them recent credits include “Bridesmaids” and “The Way Way Back,” and they have “The Maya Rudolph Show” debuting May 19 on NBC.
Rudolph is repped by WME, 3 Arts Entertainment and Hirsch Wallerstein.
Watch the video below for a sneak peek at footage from Disney's “Big Hero 6.”
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
The country's most senior police officer would like to pay off older white police officers so that they could be replaced by black and ethnic minority recruits.
Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, the head of the Metropolitan police, said that they supported “incentivising” older officers to leave so that the force could become more representative, but there was not enough money.
Their comments were made at a screening of the first episode of a BBC documentary series on the Met, which highlighted how London boroughs with a wide racial mix were often being policed in the main by white officers.
Sir Bernard said that the number of black and ethnic minority officers had vastly improved but it was impossible to keep pace with the changes in London's…
Every time I think about this one save point in Hotland, I can't stop smiling.
Like, pretty much other save point in the game is named after the location it's in, and/or after after an object or landmark in the area.
For example, the save points that are part of the running gag with the mouse: “Ruins - Mouse Hole,“ “Snowdin - Spaghetti,“ and “Waterfall - Crystal.”
You'd think the corresponding room in Hotland would be called “Hotland - Computer Safe,” or something. But no. It's named in honor of Alphy's rant about anime. And it's not even named something detatched and objective like “anime opinion zone.“ no. its fukcin
“Hotland - Bad Opinion Zone”
And like, depending on how you interpret things (narration reflects Frisk's thoughts, narration is Chara, or narration is a nonentity), there are three ways you could take this:
Way back last century, America went space happy. Astronauts were rock stars, flying in the face of gravity and Earth-bound limits, setting celestial records nearly every day. Lost in our love of space, we gazed up at the flecks of glitter in the night sky and wondered what was out there and how far we might someday go.
For the past 30 years, NASA's space shuttles have served as the primary vehicles for our collective out-of-this-world imagination. Though only venturing into low-Earth orbit — a mere 250 miles to the International Space Station, not much farther than a drive from the Bay Area to Pismo Beach — shuttles kept a solid American foot in the doorway to more.
But somewhere along the way “astronaut” became just another career. And shuttle expeditions became so routine, the general public often didn't know when a craft was in orbit or not.
And now many aren't aware — or at least don't seem terribly concerned — that the program is ending. The last launch of Atlantis is scheduled, weather and mechanics permitting, for Friday, with nothing immediately planned on its heels.
So what has become of our zeal for outer space? Is it enough that humans have been to the moon? Or that since we can already see the Mars landscape on Google, why bother going there? Or are we now so focused inward as a culture that we have stopped looking to the stars?
For some, the issue is purely pragmatic: Our biggest challenges exist right here on our own planet.
“The government and scientists haven't made a good case about why we should care (about space exploration) anymore,” said Atoosa Savarnejad, 39, a freelance writer in San Jose. “When I was a kid, I was totally into space and wanted to be an astronaut. But honestly, these days it doesn't affect us that much compared to other things we need to work on.”
The issue is money, said Maryann Tarantino, 55, of Clayton. Space exploration is too expensive in an era of foreclosures and widespread hunger.
“It's not that I'm against exploring space. I guess it's important to keep up with Russia and China on that,” said Tarantino, a legal secretary who works in Oakland. “But it's the wrong time for us to be doing it. The costs are too great when people are living in fear of losing their homes.”
Galactic wanderlust
While scientists and NASA officials say the end of the shuttle program by no means signifies the end of the American space era, government funding for space ventures is indeed shrinking. With no shuttle, U.S. astronauts will still go to the space station, but they'll be hitching rides on Russian Soyuz craft for at least the next five years and eventually move to commercially built vehicles produced by private companies, such as California-based SpaceX.
After that, the plan is for NASA to build a “heavy-lift launch vehicle” to take equipment and humans farther out into the solar system sometime after 2020. Although robotic technology will continue to explore far deeper into space for far less money than is feasible for man, human exploration has long been the dream.
But such efforts require public passion and government support, and this gap in manned missions has some worried that Americans may not have the right stuff anymore.
The shuttle “was the one good thing we had going for us as a country,” said April Thompson, a San Francisco financial adviser who suggests that ending the program “has silenced the one truly altruistic venture the United States can say was their own.
“The idea that we went to the moon and didn't find a Starbucks, so why should we bother going back is a sad, sad day for American culture in general,” they added. “If we don't keep going, I think future generations will look at this generation and see an opportunity lost.”
Many, like Tim Soldati, 46, of Pleasanton, who grew up with “Star Trek” images of colonies on other planets, said he's “flabbergasted” that NASA is retiring the shuttle without having something right behind it. “And I can't believe more people aren't up in arms about it. Imagine if Facebook went down for an hour. The entire world would come to a halt.”
Been there, done that
Many scientists and NASA officials say we can reignite the public passion for space, but what we need are more milestones.
“That's what every space mission did in the '60s,” said Ben Burress, a staff astronomer at the Chabot Space & Science Center in Oakland. “You had the first flight. First orbit. First spacewalk. First man on the moon. And everyone was entranced. But even though we're not doing that right now, I think people are as interested in space exploration as ever.”
Burress said he'd love to walk on Mars, but he's in the camp that believes researchers get far more from robotic information than human exploration: “Robots and space probes can go so much farther, with no human cost. Sending a person on a mission is a huge undertaking, but you can send robots to every planet in the solar system.”
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, director of the Hayden Planetarium in New York and host of “NOVA scienceNOW” on PBS, said we shouldn't underestimate the importance of the human element in space exploration. Their upcoming book, “Space Chronicles: Facing the Final Frontier,” addresses the early dreams of manned space flight versus the realities of today.
“Going into space to advance a scientific frontier, by far the most efficient and cheapest way is with robots,” Tyson said in a phone interview. “But manned missions can shape the zeitgeist of a nation like no other force. In the '60s and '70s it influenced architecture, literature, music, what people dreamed about. There were ‘homes of tomorrow.' It captivated a culture. It influenced what people wanted to be when they grew up.”
Astronauts were heroes then, they said, setting new records every mission. That's something that hasn't happened in a long time.
“If the shuttle boldly goes only where hundreds have gone before, nobody's interested,” they said. “But I assert that if you have humans going to Mars, if you learned today that the U.S. was selecting astronauts to walk on its surface — of course they'd be kids in middle school right now — can you imagine what effect that would have on the country, on morale? Everyone would be following those future astronauts, what they ate, how they did in college.
“That's inspiration. That's what the manned programs can do.”
NASA officials say the next steps for American space exploration depend on the national budget and political will. When President George W. Bush was in office, they outlined a plan to develop an Orion Spacecraft to return to the moon, develop a base there and eventually go on to Mars, said John Allmen, project manager for the space transportation system at NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View.
“The Obama administration re-evaluated the costs and felt we couldn't afford to do it at this time,” Allmen said. “We're still going with the heavy-lift vehicle portion of the Orion project. It will be developed for payload and to transport humans when appropriate.”
But when? Tyson asks.
“The worry many in the industry have is that, when you have a gap in missions and you're facing a budget crisis, then you just delay and delay the process in order to fund other things you find to be significant,” Tyson said.
Mission to museums
Still, there are young people with space dreams such as 9-year-old Athena Davis from Walnut Creek, who still wants to be an astronaut, at least after a recent end-of-school outing at Chabot Space & Science Center. “I want to go to Jupiter,” they said enthusiastically. “And I bet it'd be cool to see the dark side of the moon.”
A mom on the field trip wasn't so sure that's a common sentiment. “I remember when the shuttle first started. Everyone said it was going to be so commonplace and we'd get used to it,” said Lori Burton, of Walnut Creek. “I thought then — no way.
“But it did. And now people are not paying attention like they used to. Everyone's more into vampires right now. It's kind of sad.”
Officials at the City of Regina aren't laughing about a road sign that was tampered with Sunday night.
Construction work on south Albert street was supposed to be marked by an electronic sign. However, someone changed the words on that sign encouraging drivers to "honk if you luv titties".
While the sign had some people chuckling online, Regina's Director of Roadways and Transportation Norman Kyle said the prank is no joke to the city.
Regina Director of Roadways and Transportation Norman Kyle. (Trent Peppler/CBC)
"I wasn't very impressed," Kyle said. "[I] don't appreciate people tampering with our equipment. It's basically vandalism to public property."
Kyle said a password was needed to change the lettering on the sign, which means it may have been done by a city worker or former employee.
The passwords were changed on Monday, Kyle said, and tougher rules are in place to prevent similar tampering in the future.
International security organisations have updated and restructured a list of 25 common programming errors that cause security vulnerabilities and expose software users to cyberattack.
The US-funded collaboration project, which is managed by the Mitre and Sans Institute and brings together security experts from more than 30 global organisations, first compiled its list of 25 risky coding practices in January 2009.
The structure of the list has been modified to make it easier to use by distinguishing mitigations and general secure programming principles from more concrete weaknesses, the organisations said.
This year's top 25 entries are prioritised using inputs from more than 20 organisations, which evaluated each weakness based on prevalence and importance.
Cross-site scripting tops the list, which aims to help businesses improve their software procurement by requiring code to be free of these errors.
The goal is to force suppliers to test the security of their software and to provide customers with their test results. No one likes to share test results that show them writing bad code, said Alan Paller, director of research at the Sans Institute.
New York State is changing its procurement language to ensure that the top 25 errors are avoided, with other states expected to follow.
The integrity of hardware and software products is a critical element of cybersecurity, the Office of the Director of US National Intelligence said.
Creating more secure software is a fundamental aspect of system and network security and the top 25 programming errors initiative is an important component of an overall security initiative for our country, it said.
"We applaud this effort and encourage the utility of this tool through other venues such as cyber education," it said.
Top 25 coding errors
Failure to preserve web page structure ('cross-site scripting')
Improper sanitisation of special elements used in an sql command ('SQL injection')
Buffer copy without checking size of input ('classic buffer overflow')
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF)
Improper access control (authorisation)
Reliance on untrusted inputs in a security decision
Improper limitation of a pathname to a restricted directory ('path traversal')
Unrestricted upload of file with dangerous type
Improper sanitisation of special elements used in an OS command ('OS command injection')
Missing encryption of sensitive data
Use of hard-coded credentials
Buffer access with incorrect length value
Improper control of filename for include/require statement in PHP program ('PHP file inclusion')
Improper validation of array index
Improper check for unusual or exceptional conditions
Information exposure through an error message
Integer overflow or wraparound
Incorrect calculation of buffer size
Missing authentication for critical function
Download of code without integrity check
Incorrect permission assignment for critical resource
Allocation of resources without limits or throttling
URL redirection to untrusted site ('open redirect')
Use of a broken or risky cryptographic algorithm
Race condition
Explanation and advice about the errors >>
1050 W. Wilson Ave. in Uptown View Full Caption Cinema Treasures/R8teco
UPTOWN — In celebration of the city's recent birthday, FLATS Studio is hosting an art opening complete with live music and free drinks.
The event, which they dubbed "My Kind of Town," will be held March 20 from 6-10 p.m. at the studio's Uptown gallery at 1050 W. Wilson Ave. More than a century old, the gallery formerly housed the Wilson Avenue Theatre and, most recently, a TCF Bank branch.
Expect to see art by Marc Brown, Mike Carney, Amy Gonzalez, Matthew Haussler, Jarad Solomon and Phil Thompson as well as a performance by The Luke Sagadin Jazz Trio.
Event-goers who are over 21 can drink for free courtesy of KOVAL Distillery.
If interested, email FLATS at rsvp@flatschicago.com by March 19 and include the number of guests that will be attending.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
If you're lucky, then at least once you have a teacher who makes all the difference. My firstborn — who's now on their way to grad school — lucked out when they were 6, with Mr. Weinstein.
David Weinstein has taught first grade at the Pierce School in Brookline for 29 years. He's gifted, dedicated and beloved — so I was stunned to find out that they are retiring, early.
In their early 50s, he's leaving as the Brookline schools are immersed in contentious contract negotiations, largely about the data and documentation workload for teachers. This isn't just a Brookline issue -- it's part of the national story of education reform.
Weinstein says it's the main reason he's stepping down. Even in a progressive town with an acclaimed public school system, they say, the paperwork is overwhelming.
And this is not a guy with an aversion to detail. For instance: Every year, since 1987, they have mailed a birthday card with a personal note to every student he's ever taught.
Weinstein's last day as a teacher in Brookline is Monday, June 20. As the day neared, they paused to reflect.
Here's a condensed and edited version of what they said.
It's something I've been thinking about for a long time now, just in terms of how the profession has changed and what we're asking of kids. It's a much more pressure-packed kind of job than it used to be. And it's challenging.
The pace is intense and I feel for kids, because they're rushed. They're constantly being rushed. You only get to be a child once. And you don't get to enjoy childhood when you're constantly being rushed from this place to that place to this, and being assessed in this way.
There's a lot more data collection than we used to do. Data collection is important; part of education is assessment. Data collection isn't inherently bad.
What becomes problematic is when an outside party is asking you to collect data which isn't tremendously useful to my tailoring instruction to children. And that — that becomes frustrating to me as an educator, when I'm spending the limited time that I have each day collecting data, as opposed to developing lessons and working with children.
David Weinstein keeps a block area, sandbox and water toys in their first grade classroom. They say that's rare now that play time has been phased out of primary education. (Sharon Brody/WBUR)
There are only so many hours in a day. And I'd rather spend those hours doing something else which I think would be more beneficial to children.
All this assessment and all this testing — what I think a better reaction is, is supervision of teachers. You want to have your principal as your instructional leader. You want principals and vice principals and all the administrators to be going into classrooms and to be watching what's going on, on a regular basis.
But our administrators are so overwhelmed and overburdened by all the mandates that have come down. Our teacher evaluation system is unbelievable in terms of the amount of work that has to be done -- self-assessments, and reflections, and have meetings, and download evidence, and create goals, and all this paperwork, which is not nearly as valuable as someone coming into your classroom all the time and saying, "I really liked what you were doing here," or "Would you think about doing it this way?" or "What about this?" or "I noticed so-and-so was having a hard time with that." Those discussions, those wonderful rich discussions, that's what moves education forward.
There's a lot of looking at standards — that's the big thing in education — and really with the goal of trying to break education down into bits and pieces, so that we can have a clear understanding of where kids have mastery and where kids don't have mastery. All these little pieces don't necessarily add up to a whole. It's hard to say that if you've mastered this and this and this, you have an educated person. That I don't believe.
My favorite quote is "Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire." That's what education's all about. We want to get kids excited about learning. I want kids to leave first grade and want to learn more and be excited about learning and coming to school and discovery. That's what education is all about.
David Weinstein plays a math game with their last class of students. (Sharon Brody/WBUR)
I guess the big-picture problem is that all this stuff we're talking about here is coming from on top, from above, be it the federal government, the commonwealth of Massachusetts, the school administration. But the voices of teachers are lost. I mean, nobody talks to teachers. Or, if they do talk to teachers, they're not listening to teachers.
And that's, I think, the frustration — that this stuff just comes down, and we sit with each other: "Well, who thought of this?" or "Why do they think this is a good idea?" It's kind of like "Why not come and talk with us first?" We actually are professionals who work with kids. We want what's best for kids. We know what works. We know what doesn't work.
Education is always changing. What we know about teaching and learning is always changing. But the people making those decisions should be teachers. It should be educators making those decisions, and not politicians, and not people who aren't in schools.
Would I be leaving teaching if things were different? Probably not, no, I wouldn't be.
You know, honestly? If it wasn't so intense now, all year long, every single day, I would do it for longer. I would. But the reality's a reality.
I think what I'll miss the most is having my own group of students. That'll be hard, because that's like — that's one of the things that actually brings tears to my eyes. Because it's, like, every September, I've had this new group of kids to form and to work with. And I won't have that any more. So that's hard.
But then I think to myself, "You know what? At some point, you're gonna have to say goodbye." And I think, you know, I've had 29 groups of first-graders. I was lucky enough to get to have these groups of students. They're still around. OK, they're not 6 years old anymore, but that's a good thing — they've moved on. But, you know, that's hard.
And, under different circumstances, would I like to have a few more groups of students? Yeah, I would. But it is what it is.
Since the beginning of humanity, storytelling and our ability to learn is what has set us apart from other species. It almost seems that our interest in stories is in our genes and is what makes our brain work the way it does. I really don't know if that's the case, but for the sake of this article it sounds pretty good. I will attempt to briefly go through history as I see it and tie in storytelling with the advancement in technology for telling stories in new ways. It will however be based on my limited knowledge of history with perhaps very little actual, historical information. So let's see..
Verbally — In the early days of telling stories around the campfire after a day of hunting and gathering, today we do pretty much the same thing at the local bar after work.
In the early days of telling stories around the campfire after a day of hunting and gathering, today we do pretty much the same thing at the local bar after work. Written — As language developed, people started writing and delivering letters and writing books by hand to distribute stories to other people.
As language developed, people started writing and delivering letters and writing books by hand to distribute stories to other people. Theater — Storytelling eventually turns into an artform and a new approach of live performance is developed which reaches larger audiences.
Storytelling eventually turns into an artform and a new approach of live performance is developed which reaches larger audiences. Printing Press — A breakthrough in communication as the ability to efficiently and cost-effectively distribute copies of stories allows everyone to get news and ideas from a newspaper or magazine. It also leads to another print communication artform, graphic design.
A breakthrough in communication as the ability to efficiently and cost-effectively distribute copies of stories allows everyone to get news and ideas from a newspaper or magazine. It also leads to another print communication artform, graphic design. Radio — Transmitting news instantly and expanding live performances and the art of storytelling. And let's not forget what it's done for the creation and distribution of music.
Transmitting news instantly and expanding live performances and the art of storytelling. And let's not forget what it's done for the creation and distribution of music. Movies — Live performances being filmed and shown to a wider audience at the same time taking the artform even further as technology in this area alone greatly advances. Part of which is animation which also turns into its own artform.
Live performances being filmed and shown to a wider audience at the same time taking the artform even further as technology in this area alone greatly advances. Part of which is animation which also turns into its own artform. TV — Being able to watch something in the comfort of one's home, with more choice than ever before of what to watch. Also created a new medium of interactive storytelling, video games.
Being able to watch something in the comfort of one's home, with more choice than ever before of what to watch. Also created a new medium of interactive storytelling, video games. Internet — Every day we see new ways of how the Internet is changing communication and storytelling. From easy communication through Email, to everyone being able to publish their ideas with a Blog. It's like the printing press with limitless possibilities.
In fact, the Internet encompasses all previous forms of media before it as it makes it all more accessible than ever. From reading news and books, listening to radio broadcasts, watching movies and TV shows, finding local live theater performances and concerts, and on and on.
The sky's the limit.. that phrase makes more sense in this context as all media formats are going digital and being made available in what's being called ‘the cloud'. Storytelling and its distribution has reached a maximum and as it has advanced humankind in the past will no doubt continue and at a faster rate than ever before. I think that sounds pretty good too.
For many (like me) Wawa is a way of life. But this announcement is about to change the landscape of Wawa as you know it.
Wawa will open its first store featuring interior bar stools and a counter for dining in Philly this year.
New Wawa design with indoor seating (photo courtesy of Wawa)
Speaking to Philly.com , Wawa spokesperson Lori Bruce said:
Our business model is really about serving people who are on the go. This extends that. This gives people another option, to take a moment, be able to quickly consume something.
Wawa will consider expanding this concept in other stores based on customer votes and store results.
By the way, the company gave away 1.5 million cups of coffee on Wawa Day this past Thursday.
Do you think in-store dining at Wawa is a good idea? Would this concept work here? Tell us what you think in the comment section below.
Creator Chris Carter is coy about a possible follow-up feature, while former writer Vince Gilligan reveals they first met their "Breaking Bad" star Bryan Cranston on the show's set.
SAN DIEGO — It's been 20 years since the seminal Fox show, The X-Files, premiered and to celebrate, stars Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny, former writer (and Breaking Bad creator) Vince Gilligan, creator Chris Carter and key writers and producers made the pilgrimage to San Diego for an anniversary reunion panel.
The biggest question concerning the franchise dealt with the possibility of a third X-Files movie and the panelists skirted the question like pros, though Carter left it open. “You need a reason for going on and getting excited,” they told the enthusiastic Ballroom 20 crowd Thursday, adding that the warm response “is very inspirational.”
PHOTOS: Comic-Con 2013: Preview Night
Meanwhile, Anderson -- who recently appeared on NBC's Hannibal and BBC's The Fall -- indicated that they would be down for a third film. “A film would be great,” they answered matter-of-factly. (She would later jokingly auction off a cardboard cutout of themselves and Duchovny to the highest bidder. “This is how we're going to get the movie made by the way!” Duchovny deadpanned. Anderson added: "This is our Kickstarter.")
But when asked if they would ever do a limited series a la 24: Live Another Day, which debuts next year on Fox and is executive produced by Homeland and X-Files grad Howard Gordon, Anderson was adamant that they would not reprise their role as Dana Scully.
Another interesting nugget from the reunion came when Gilligan revealed that Drew Barrymore was almost a guest star on the show during its original run. They had an idea for an episode inspired by The Twilight Zone centered on a “kid who can wish people into the cornfield,” Gilligan said, revealing they had desires to have the Firestarter star have that power.
Anderson recalled getting on the phone with Tom Waits, whom the producers wanted for a guest spot. “For some reason I ended up on the phone with him,” they shared, “trying to convince them [to join]. That was a cool moment in my life.”
For Carter, X-Files would not have been all that different had the show premiered in 2013 and not 1993, when shows like Matlock and Murder They Wrote were popular. “The show is very dark by design and I don't think it would be a lot different,” they admitted. “The technology has changed … that would affect some things. What we did is what we'd do now.”
The X-Files was a rich breeding ground for writers, counting prolific producers Gilligan (Breaking Bad) and Gordon among the notable alums. Gilligan revealed that they first met Bryan Cranston in a season six episode of X-Files. “That was fruitful for me personally,” they said of the actor who would later star on Breaking Bad and win three Emmys as Walter White.
Though a straight answer on an X-Files 3 was not given at Comic-Con, the story lives on in comic book form with a new series that's being dubbed “Season 10, but it's their own mythology.” “The stories are more comic book-y,” Carter said of the arcs, but will stay “true to the characters.”
The impact of X-Files has been felt on TV since the series began, none more so than on the actors themselves. “Scully had quite a huge impact from the aspects of their personality, their personal strength, things they stood up for. They were also a decent human being,” Anderson said.
Added Carter: “Scully was my fantasy woman. They were strong and smart and opinionated and resourceful and tough. All the things I like. It was a fantasy relationship that was more intellectual than it was anything else.”
Duchovny, who portrayed Scully's partner, Fox Mulder, has high hopes for working with Anderson again outside of their X-Files characters though they indicated that it had to be the right project because what they have “is special.”
E-mail: Philiana.Ng@THR.com
Twitter: @insidethetube
In this book, Seth Godin tackles a marketing concept that will resonate with you whether or not you're a marketer. Seth discusses how traditional marketing attempts to draw our attention by incessantly ‘interrupting' us. This strategy worked temporarily . Over time, however, consumers desensitized themselves to the constant interruptions. While ‘Interruption Marketing' dies a slow death, ‘Permission Marketing' makes a comeback .
Traditional marketing uses deliberate interruptions to make a sale. These interruptions are rarely ever relevant or personalized. Interruption marketing essentially claims the right to market to a consumer. You can see how this is a losing long-term strategy.
Permission marketing recognized how interruptions can be easily ignored. Thus, it approaches marketing with a different strategy. It asks for permission to market to a consumer. Once permission is received, the marketer treats it as a privilege . The marketer will respect the permission, and the consumer receives only relevant messages.
In the long run, permission marketing builds anticipation. Interruption marketing, on the other hand, builds frustration.
Pierce Murphy, who was appointed director of the Seattle Police Department's Office of Professional Accountability in 2013, was seen as boosting public trust in the department's internal investigations and discipline during their tenure.
Pierce Murphy, who oversaw Seattle police internal investigations as the civilian director of the Office of Professional Accountability (OPA), plans to leave the post to work full time in their church.
“This is the right time,” said Murphy, 63, a deacon in the Catholic Church who will have a role in the Archdiocese of Seattle.
Murphy, who was appointed OPA director in 2013 after holding a similar post in Boise, Idaho, was seen as boosting public trust in the Police Department's internal investigations and discipline during their tenure.
But they were not reappointed to a second three-year term last July by Mayor Ed Murray as the city moved to revamp its police-accountability structure.
They were asked to remain as interim director and told they could reapply for the job when the new plan was in place. The City Council's public-safety committee passed the legislation Thursday, which is subject to a full council vote Monday and approval by a federal judge overseeing court-ordered police reforms to address excessive force and biased policing.
The mayor's action raised eyebrows because Murphy had repeatedly drawn the ire of the Seattle Police Officers' Guild over their disciplinary recommendations.
The mayor, at the time, dismissed any tie between Murphy's status and their relationship with the guild, expressing full confidence in Murphy. Instead, the mayor insisted, they had simply found themselves caught in “limbo land” in light of the pending changes.
Murphy, who plans to leave in July, said they considered their options after the mayor's “fairly unambiguous” message about their future. They informed the mayor of their decision to leave Tuesday and told their staff Wednesday.
In an interview shortly after they were not reappointed, Murphy said they believed they would be given a new term because of their achievements.
Most notable, they said, has been their work to establish the OPA's independence, overcoming negative public perceptions of the office, ranging from it being a “rubber stamp” to being “co-opted” by police management.
To build public trust, Murphy set up a stand-alone, walk-in office in a downtown business building, away from police headquarters. OPA took control of its website, shifting it away from the department, and began posting real-time reports on case outcomes.
Murphy also quickly redefined a key aspect of the job, in which they made direct recommendations to the police chief regarding their findings. Previously, OPA's captain suggested a finding, with the director weighing in later, subject to influence from police management and sometimes after the fact.
In the interview, Murphy said they viewed the guild's antipathy as an endorsement of their efforts, saying good cops had told them they were grateful that bad cops are finally being held responsible.
They noted that in 2015, 11 of 123 use-force complaints against Seattle officers were upheld, compared with two out of 125 in 2012, the last full year before they arrived, and in 2011, one of 121.
“You could say, ‘Oh my goodness, the police are more brutal,' ” Murphy said. “Or you could say, ‘Finally someone's asking tough questions and holding them accountable.' ”
Unreal Engine provides the framework for many of today's most eye-catching, cinematic titles, and today, creators Epic have offered the gaming world a glimpse of the future by showcasing Unreal Engine 4.
True to its name, Epic is a class above when it comes to delivering the best, and given the gaming community is already pining for the next generation of consoles to arrive, the TV advert will certainly whet the appetites of those itching to take a step into the future.
The current hardware offered by the flagship consoles of Sony and Microsoft – the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 respectively – are severely dated, leaving those in search of a more cutting-edge experience to opt for the PC versions of popular releases.
Epic's president Mike Capps has revealed that one or two next generation titles are currently in development, one of which is, being targeted at the PC market. The realism portrayed in the cinematic demo clip is like nothing I've ever seen, and the armor-laden man paired with the castle setting reminds me a lot of Infinity blades – a popular, landmark iOS title also powered by Epic's Unreal engine.
Epic's Senior technical artist Alan Willard also gave a technical breakdown of the improved engine, which offers a little more detail with regards to the inner workings. More information is still to emerge, and if you thought the clips were impressive, the footage was actually captured on a computer rocking a single graphics card, which is, in itself, quite a feat.
We'll know more as it's revealed, but one thing is certain, the future of gaming is in very safe hands. Although consoles are not seen by all as the pillars of the gaming community, it will certainly help the progress of gaming in terms of quality when the next-generation consoles finally make their way to the consumer market.
Given Unreal Engine's asupervisorstioned dabble in the fast-growing mobile market, it will be intriguing to see just how much more of an impact smartphones and tablets manage to make versus the standalone consoles and computers. As it stands, not even the iPad, with its quad-core GPU, can offer the very highest quality, but in a few years' time, the likes of Nintendo and Sony could have much to fear.
You can follow us on Twitter , add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the Web.
Related Stories
Some of us are old enough to remember the shocking nature of Barbara Eden's showing their navel on “I Dream of Jeannie” in the '60s and how the revealing one-piece bathing suits on “Charlie's Angels” in the '70s were considered scanty.
Compare that with today.
No one is shocked or surprised today to see several performers on MTV's award shows barely clothed and parading like dancers in a strip joint. Yesterday's wardrobe malfunctions are today's wardrobes (or lack thereof).
MTV's reality shows “Jersey Shore” and “16 and Pregnant” are only the beginnings of a television tidal wave of explicitly sexual content that is invading the hearts and minds of America's youth.
Here is a small sampling of other exposing moments that USA Today reported your child or grandchild might run into on television when you offer them or them some free time to channel-surf.
Spike TV's dirty college comedy, “Blue Mountain State,” showed a masturbating school mascot on its premiere.
When it premiered, ABC's “Cougar Town” had a scene that implied Courteney Cox's character was giving oral sex to their date.
“Nip/Tuck” peaked its sixth and final season by highlighting sexually compulsive plastic surgeons.
On ABC's “Desperate Housewives,” Julie Benz played a stripper for the series' fifth season.
VH1 offers the titillating “Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew.”
Showtime's “Secret Diary of a Call Girl” highlighted Billie Piper playing hooker Belle, who was using their new sexual experiences with clients to write a book.
And do I need to say any more than just the title of Showtime's “Californication”?
HBO's “Hung” (as the title also implies) is about a well-endowed teacher moonlighting as a prostitute.
Has the escalation of sexual content over the past decade on television had negative effects upon our culture and younger generations?
Consider that in 2004, a national study of teens concluded that those who watched more sex-oriented scenes and programs were likelier than others their age to become sexually active.
In 2008, another nationwide study surveyed teens watching 23 sexually explicit shows and concluded that “by age 16, teens who watched a lot of sexually charged TV were more than twice as likely to be pregnant or father an out-of-wedlock baby as teens who watched very little.”
And in 2010, the nation's leading group of pediatricians issued a strong warning to pediatricians, parents and the media about the dangers that explicit sex on television, the Internet and other media is posing to our children.
Is there anyone who can help?
Actually, a man who has been in show business for 40 years is fighting to hold a line on decency, respect and moral boundaries in movies and on television. Their name is Dr. Ted Baehr. Ted and their wife, Lili, are Gena's and my dear friends.
Dr. Baehr is the founder and publisher of Movieguide (“The Family Guide to Movies and Entertainment”) and chairperson of The Christian Film & Television Commission, as well as a noted critic, educator, lecturer and media pundit. Their website declares that their life's purpose is to be used of God to redeem the values of the media while educating audiences on how to use discernment in selecting their entertainment.
I encourage parents to check out Movieguide to see what movies currently in the theaters and on DVD are appropriate for your children to see. I also highly recommend Baehr's latest best-seller, “How To Succeed in Hollywood (Without Losing Your Soul).”
In the June edition of Baehr's newsletter for the CFTVC, they wrote that in May, the group sent more than 9,750 petitions demanding that ABC cancel the TV series “Good Christian Bitches,” which is based upon Kim Gatlin's book of that name. Because of excessive negative feedback, ABC decided to change the name to “Good Christian Belles.”
On the flip side, the CFTVC has aided the popularity of Christian-themed films this past year, such as “Soul Surfer,” “Gnomeo & Juliet,” “Rango,” “Hop” and “Rio.”
Friends, our society has become desensitized to immorality on-screen, and we're passing it on to our small children and teens by allowing them even to be exposed to such vulgar content and productions via our televisions, the Internet and our movie theaters.
We must embrace the wisdom of the great British orator Edmund Burke, who said, “Evil flourishes when good men do nothing.”
If you feel the same, I respectfully plead with you to partner with Ted and Lili Baehr, my wife, Gena, me and a host of other patriots by doing three things:
1) If you consider television programming or a movie inappropriate for children, write the company and others and say so.
2) If companies refuse to respond and protect the children of our country, then inform them that you will be writing their sponsors and no longer using their products.
3) Lastly, arm Baehr to slay the corrupt giants of the Hollywood industry and redeem the values of mass media and entertainment by sending a financial gift of any size to continue the work of the CFTVC.
For more information, go to movieguide.org and cftvc.org or write to: The Christian Film & Television Commission, 1151 Avenido Acaso, Camarillo, CA 93012.
Getting cash out of an ATM could be getting a bit easier. Finance technology company Fidelity Information Services and ATM provider Payment Alliance International have announced that they will be bringing Touch ID to 70,000 ATMs across the United States.
The partnership will allow customers to use the FIS Cardless Cash app on select PIA ATMs. The system currently allows customers to make a withdrawal from their phone through the app by making a withdrawal online, using a QR code to retrieve their reserved cash. This new partnership will allow customers to authenticate themselves with Touch ID to confirm the withdrawal and retrieve their money.
The two companies didn't release a timeline for when these upgrades would be rolled out, but they join a growing number of banks that have begun to utilize mobile phones in their processes. Earlier this year, JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America, and Wells Fargo announced that they would be making their ATMs Apple Pay-Compatible in the coming years.
Aside from the convenience factor, there's a significant security advantage with this type of banking. Card skimmers have become more sophisticated in recent years, and this system appears to be an ideal way to avoid having your information stolen. Moving these transactions online could carry its own risks.
Still, when this network is eventually rolled out to consumers, it can certainly make the trip a bit more convenient.
Human activity influences ocean beach bacterial communities, and bacterial diversity may indicate greater ecological health and resiliency to sewage contamination, according to results published March 5, 2014, in the open access journal PLOS ONE by Elizabeth Halliday from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and colleagues.
Beaches all contain bacteria, but some bacteria are usually from sewage and may contaminate the water, posing a public health risk. In this study, scientists studied bacterial community composition at two distant beaches (Avalon, California, and Provincetown, Massachusetts) during levels of normal- and high-contamination (measured using a fecal or 'poop' indicator) by genetically sequencing over 600,000 bacteria from 24 dry sand, intertidal sand, and overlying water sampling sites at the locations. Waters at the Avalon site frequently violate water quality standards, while waters at the Provincetown site have infrequent water quality violations.
Scientists found distinct differences between the overall bacterial community compositions, but there was similarity in the bacterial community between coastal water samples from the two sites. When sequences for alternative fecal indicator bacteria were examined, the water and sand profiles were more similar at the same site, suggesting regional differences in human impacts. At Provincetown, a greater difference in bacterial communities was found from the dry and wet sands, likely due to a greater range between high and low tide. Provincetown samples also showed generally greater bacterial diversity than those from Avalon, suggesting better ecological health and resiliency at that site.
Further understanding of how bacterial communities impact beach water quality is needed, but eventually, we may be able to document beach health in terms of the local bacterial community composition.
Dr. Gast added, "Recreational beaches are important to the economies of many coastal towns, and understanding the causes and impacts of beach water quality violations is important in managing the problem. This work provides insight into environmental bacterial communities during putative contamination events, reflecting the potentially different sources of material."
Libyans accounted for 137 foreign fighters, or 18 percent of the total, the senior American military officials said. They discussed the raid with the stipulation that they not be named because of the delicate nature of the issue.
United States officials have previously offered only rough estimates of the breakdown of foreign fighters inside Iraq. But the trove found in Sinjar is so vast and detailed that American officials believe that the patterns and percentages revealed by it offer for the first time a far more precise account of the personal circumstances of foreign fighters throughout the country.
In contrast to the comparatively small number of foreigners, more than 25,000 inmates are in American detention centers in Iraq. Of those, only about 290, or some 1.2 percent, are foreigners, military officials say.
They contend that all of the detainees either are suspected of insurgent activity or are an “imperative threat” to security. Some American officials also believe that Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, a homegrown insurgent group that claims a loose allegiance to Osama bin Laden, may by itself have as many as 10,000 members in Iraq.
About four out of every five detainees in American detention centers are Sunni Arab, even though Sunni Arabs make up just one-fifth of Iraq's population. All of the foreign fighters listed on the materials found near Sinjar, excluding two from France, also came from countries that are predominantly Sunni.
Over the years, the Syrian border has been the principal entry point into Iraq for foreign insurgents, officials say. Many had come through Anbar Province, in west-central Iraq. But with the Sunni tribal revolt against extremist militants that began last year in Anbar, Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and other jihadists concentrated their smuggling efforts on the area north of the Euphrates River along the Syrian border, the officials said.
The officials added that, based on the captured documents and other intelligence, they believe that the Sinjar cell that was raided in September was responsible for the smuggling of foreign fighters along a stretch of the border from Qaim, in Anbar, almost to the border with Turkey, a length of nearly 200 miles. They said that was why they were confident that the cell was responsible for such a large portion of the incoming foreign fighters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
American military and diplomatic officials who discussed the flow of fighters from Saudi Arabia were careful to draw a distinction between the Saudi government and the charities and individuals who they said encouraged young Saudi men to fight in Iraq. After United States officials put pressure on Saudi leaders in the summer, the Saudi government took some steps that have begun to curb the flow of fighters, the officials said.
Yet the senior American military officials said they also believed that Saudi citizens provided the majority of financing for Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia. “They don't want to see the Shias come to dominate in Iraq,” one American official said.
The Sinjar materials showed that 291 fighters, or about 39 percent, came from North African nations during the period beginning in August 2006. That is far higher than previous military estimates of 10 to 13 percent from North Africa. The largest foreign fighter hometown was Darnah, Libya, which supplied 50 fighters.
For years American officials included Libya on the list of state sponsors of terrorism. But last year the United States removed it from that list and re-established full diplomatic relations, citing what Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice described as Libya's “continued commitment to its renunciation of terrorism and the excellent cooperation” it has provided in the antiterrorism fight.
Also striking among the Sinjar materials were the smaller numbers from other countries that had been thought to be major suppliers of foreign fighters. As recently as the summer, American officials estimated that 20 percent came from Syria and Lebanon. But there were no Lebanese listed among the Sinjar trove, and only 56 Syrians, or 8 percent of the total.
American officials have accused Iran, the largest Shiite nation in the Middle East, of sending powerful bombs to Iraq and of supporting and financing Shiite militias that attack American troops. They also contend that top Iranian leaders support efforts to arm Shiite fighters.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But whatever aid Iran provides to militias inside Iraq does not seem to extend to supplying actual combatants: Only 11 Iranians are in American detention, United States officials say.
After the raid on the Sinjar cell, the number of suicide bombings in Iraq fell to 16 in October — half the number seen during the summer months and down sharply from a peak of 59 in March. American military officials believe that perhaps 90 percent of such bombings are carried out by foreign fighters. They also believe that about half of the foreign fighters who come to Iraq become suicide bombers.
“We cut the head off, but the tail is still left,” warned one of the senior American military officials, discussing the aftermath of the Sinjar raid. “Regeneration is completely within the realm of possibility.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The documents indicate that each foreigner brought about $1,000 with him, used mostly to finance operations of the smuggling cell. Saudis brought more money per person than fighters from other nations, the American officials said.
Among the Saudi fighters described in the materials, 45 had come from Riyadh, 38 from Mecca, 20 from Buraidah and the surrounding area, 15 from Jawf and Sakakah, 13 from Jidda, and 12 from Medina.
American officials publicly expressed anger over the summer at Saudi policies that were destabilizing Iraq. Sunni tribal sheiks in Iraq who risked their lives to fight extremist militants also faulted Saudi clerics.
“The bad imams tell the young people to go to Iraq and fight the American Army, because if you kill them or they kill you, you will go to paradise,” Sheik Adnan Khames Jamiel, a leader of the Albu Alwan tribe in Ramadi, said in an interview.
One senior American diplomat said the Saudi government had “taken important steps to interdict individuals, particularly military-aged males with one-way tickets.” They said those efforts had helped cause an “appreciable decrease in the flow of foreign terrorists and suicide bombers.” But they added that still more work remained “to cut off malign financing from private sources within the kingdom.”
American officials cite a government program on Saudi television in which a would-be suicide bomber who survived their attack urges others not to travel to Iraq. The officials were also encouraged in October when the grand mufti of Saudi Arabia, Sheik Abdulaziz al-Asheik, condemned “mischievous parties” who send young Saudis abroad to carry out “heinous acts which have no association with Islam whatsoever.”
Armed with information from the raid, American officials say they have used military, law enforcement and diplomatic channels to put pressure on the countries named as homes to large numbers of fighters. They have also shared information with these countries on 300 more men who the records showed were being recruited to fight in Iraq.
Surrounded by desolate prairie and desert, Sinjar has long been a way station for foreign fighters. The insurgent cell raided by American troops was believed to have been smuggling up to 90 percent of all foreign fighters into Iraq, military officials say.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The raid happened in the predawn hours of Sept. 11, when American forces acting on a tip surrounded some tents six miles from the Syrian border. A fierce firefight killed six men outside, and two more were killed when one of them detonated a suicide vest inside a tent, military officials said. All were leaders of the insurgent smuggling cell, including one prominent Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia commander known as Muthanna, they said.
In addition to $18,000 in cash and assorted weapons, troops found five terabytes of data that included detailed questionnaires filled out by incoming fighters. Background information on more than 900 fighters was found, or about 750 after eliminating duplicates and questionnaires that were mostly incomplete.
According to the rosters found in the raid, the third-largest source of foreign fighters was Yemen, with 68. There were 64 from Algeria, 50 from Morocco, 38 from Tunisia, 14 from Jordan, 6 from Turkey and 2 from Egypt.
Most of the fighters smuggled by the cell were believed to have flown into Damascus Airport, and the rest came into Syria overland through Jordan, the officials said.
In some cases, one senior American military official said, Syrian authorities captured fighters and released them after determining they were not a threat to the Syrian government. Syria has made some recent efforts to turn back or detain suspected foreign fighters bound for Iraq, they said, adding, “The key word is ‘some.'”
After five weeks of turmoil since the budget, chancellor faces criticism that their policies have plunged UK back into recession
The government's five weeks of turmoil since George Osborne's badly received budget have taken a fresh turn for the worse with the latest set of growth figures showing Britain plunging into its first double-dip recession since 1975.
On a day that saw David Cameron under pressure to sack the culture secretary, Jeremy Hunt, over their handling of News Corp's attempt to mount a full takeover of BSkyB, the chancellor admitted Britain faced a long struggle to pull out of the deepest recession and the weakest recovery of the postwar era.
In a BBC interview, the chancellor said: "I've never disguised the fact that Britain faces a very difficult economic situation. We have these debts, we have this debt crisis; these debts were built up over many, many years."
They added that if they had a magic wand they would wave it. Instead, they said, "we've got to work our way through the problems that have been built up over many years".
News that the economy contracted by 0.2% in the first three months of 2012 surprised the City, which had been confident that the UK had avoided two quarters of falling output – the technical definition of a recession. The return to recession so soon after the last one ended in 2009 makes it a "double-dip".
Although some analysts said the official data painted too pessimistic a picture of the economy and would probably be revised up, there were fears that the loss of output caused by the Queen's diamond jubilee bank holiday in June could result in a third quarter of declining activity.
Labour seized on the news and accused the government of a recession made in Downing Street. The shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, said: "David Cameron and George Osborne complacently boasted their austerity plan had taken our economy out of the danger zone, but their failed policies have plunged us back into recession.
"We consistently warned that their austerity plan was self-defeating and that cutting spending and raising taxes too far and too fast would badly backfire. David Cameron and George Osborne arrogantly and complacently dismissed people who warned of the risk of a double-dip recession and the country is now paying a very heavy price. Their economic credibility is now in tatters."
Responding to news that a big fall in construction output and a smaller decline in manufacturing production had caused the economy to shrink for the fourth quarter in the last six, the prime minister told MPs: "These are very, very disappointing figures. I don't seek to excuse them, I don't seek to try and explain them away."
With local elections and the key London mayoral fight looming next month, Osborne made it clear that there would be no U-turn from the government on its deficit-reduction strategy and said their approach was supported by business groups and multilateral bodies such as the International Monetary Fund.
The chancellor fears that backsliding would be punished by the financial markets, and they are relying on the Bank of England to boost activity.
"It is made much harder when so much of the rest of Europe is in recession or heading into it," the chancellor said. "The one thing that would make the situation even worse would be to abandon our credible plan and deliberately add more borrowing and even more debt."
The City sees no prospect of interest rates being raised from their record low of 0.5% before the end of 2013 at the earliest and said further electronic money creation by Threadneedle Street to extend its £325bn quantitative easing programme should not be ruled out.
Gerard Lyons, chief economist at Standard Chartered Bank, who warned late last year that the economy would contract by 0.5% during 2012, said the UK might face a long struggle following the breakdown of an economic model based on high levels of borrowing and lending. "Expectations have run ahead of reality," Lyons said. "Everybody has been thinking there is going to be a recovery soon. But balance sheet recessions always take a long time to turn around."
Unlike the United States or Germany, UK economic output has yet to return to the levels before the recession began four years ago. Activity is still more than 4% lower than it was at its peak in early 2008 and has recovered more slowly than it did after the Great Depression of the 1930s.
Trevor Greetham, director of asset allocation at Fidelity Worldwide Investment, said: "Since the last general election, the UK has been bumping along the bottom with growth sometimes a bit above, sometimes a bit below zero. The Bank of England's quantitative easing has failed to offset the negative impact of government spending cuts in the way cuts in interest rates would have.
"In the US, where austerity exists only in rhetorical form and not in reality, the recovery from the 2008 slump continues to gather momentum and unemployment is falling. Growing your way out of debt looks like the better strategy."
The TUC general secretary, Brendan Barber, said: "Austerity isn't working. The government should look across the Atlantic and follow President Obama's alternative that has reduced unemployment and brought growth back to the USA."
The CBI provided one piece of good news for the chancellor, with the quarterly snapshot of manufacturing from the employers' organisation showing order books, output and business confidence on the rise.
In recent quarters, however, the hard data from the Office for National Statistics has tended to be gloomier than suggested by business surveys.
The beginning of the end is finally here. That is, the beginning of the end of ex-gay torture clinics in Ecuador. While homosexuality is technically legal in Ecuador, the reality is that a dangerous underground culture of homophobia still exists throughout the country. Until recently, LGBT women and men in Ecuador were being held against their will at hundreds of so-called "clinics" that used torture and physical abuse to "cure" them of being gay. As more and more victims escaped and started speaking out, they revealed a network of nearly 200 illegal clinics posing as drug rehabilitation centers, promising to turn patients straight, and using sexual abuse, starvation, humiliation, and torture to achieve their goals.
This is where Fundación Causana's work began. The LGBT activist group has been working for the last 10 years to deconstruct homophobia in Ecuador. Among their biggest challenges has been getting the country's Ministry of Health to stop turning a blind eye and address the issue of gay torture clinics that are prevalent within the country.
One of the first voices to speak out was that of 24-year-old Paola Ziritti. Paola's parents knew they were sending them to a forced-confinement clinic, but they had no idea just how awful it would be. Once Paola's mother realized what she'd done, they tried to get their daughter back, but the clinic said no. The process to free Paola took a year. "I spent two years in one such facility and for three months was shackled in handcuffs while guards threw water and urine on me," said Paola, who describes numerous accounts of physical and sexual abuse during their "rehabilitation." "Why is the clinic where I suffered still open?" they ask.
Now, Paola's nightmare, and those of hundreds of young men and women who are still trapped in clinics in Ecuador, is finally about to end. This past November Fundación Causana started an online campaign on Change.org, the world's fastest-growing platform for social change. Within weeks, the campaign collected over 100,000 signatures from supporters across the globe asking the former Minister of Health, Dr. David Chiriboga Allnut, to take action and immediately investigate the clinics.
In the beginning of the new year, officials were finally ready to meet with Fundación Causana and take responsibility for the violence against women and LGBT Ecuadorians happening on their watch. Now the Ecuadorian government is working hand-in-hand with Fundación Causana and other local organizations to investigate and close clinics, free the hundreds trapped inside, and launch a national public awareness campaign to fight homophobia.
"After 10 years of outcry, the nation of Ecuador -- through the Ministry of Public Health -- has entered into a commitment with civic organizations and society in general, to deconstruct the belief that homosexuality is an illness and root out the use of torture in these clinics," said Fundación Causana spokesperson Karen Barba.
This welcome announcement comes with more exciting news for LGBT people in Ecuador. President Correa announced Wednesday the replacement of resigning Health Minister Dr. David Chiriboga Allnut. Taking their place is Carina Vance Mafla, an openly gay LGBT activist and former director of Fundación Causana. The women who led the effort to expose the ex-gay torture clinics will now be in charge of leading the country's Ministry of Heath.
You're Being Watched a movie in a darkened theater, your reactions likely went unnoticed. Your widened eyes from an unexpected twist, your jump at a sudden scare, the errant tear as the music swelled…these were all likely wasted on the plastic back of the seat in front of you. That is, unless you were in a theater equipped with “computer vision.” If you happened to be in such a theater, while you were watching the movie, a computer was watching you. Silver Logic Labs is the company behind a computer program that does just that. Its CEO, Jerimiah Hamon, is an applied mathematician who specializes in number theory. They spent most of their career at Amazon, Microsoft, and Harvard Medical School, working to solve their consumer problems. But what they were really interested in was how artificial intelligence (AI) could help these companies better understand one of the most complex problems of all: human behavior. The AI actually watches an audience watching a movie. Using AI to analyze human subjects' reactions to various types of media, Hamon realized, would be beneficial to both researchers and companies. Here's how their system works: the AI watches an audience watching a movie, detects people's emotions through even the most subtle facial expressions (often referred to as micro-expressions), and generates data that the system later analyzes. Hamon began this kind of testing three years ago, and while it's still a fairly new application within the media industry, it's gaining interest. That's in large part because it's produced reliable results — humans, Hamon estimates, are about as predictable as software (that is, quite predictable).
credit: Silver Logic Labs This AI and computer vision can give companies a data-driven look at how people react to movies or TV shows more reliably than any focus group ever could. Once an AI has been trained on a particular data set, it can provide fast, consistent, and detailed analyses. That's good news for industries for which understanding those results, and implementing them to improve their product or service, will help them make money. Ratings are an important way that television and film industries measure a project's success. Hamon's software, somewhat to the surprise of everyone involved, was able to accurately predict a show's ratings from Nielsen, Rotten Tomatoes, and IMDB, with an accuracy ranging from 84 to 99 percent. There's a range because shows that are “multimodal,” or attempting to serve multiple audiences, are sometimes harder to predict. But when it comes to TV, making any predictions at all about a show's popularity is impressive enough on its own. “When I started this everyone told me, ‘You'll never be able to predict that. Nobody can predict that,'” Hamon told Futurism.
With math, however, anything is possible — Hamon points out that because mathematical techniques can capture the nuances of something like a Nielsen score, it really isn't that difficult to predict. “We've taken the emotional responses that people have to visual and auditory stimuli and converted it into a numeric value. And once it's in a numeric value, then it's just a matter of solving equations down to – well, how much did you actually like it?” Hamon says. There's a range of statistics involved, Hamon says, but they declined to give too many details about the equations they use to calculate them, fearing that saying too much would give away the “secret sauce” of the program. Beyond Entertainment Because their AI was so good at predicting people's likes and dislikes, Hamon wondered what else it could tell us about ourselves. Perhaps it could detect whether people are lying. Like a polygraph test, the AI could compare data indicating a person's stress levels against an established data set to determine if they or they are lying. The data could also, they supposed, be distilled down far enough that those interpreting it could figure out if a person knew they were lying. To test this idea, Hamon used their AI to perform emotion recognition tasks on lower-quality video (he used clips of talking heads on CSPAN, as well as press conference footage of President Donald Trump).
credit: Silver Logic Labs At a moment when truth seems to be under attack, separating the honest folks from the liars seems critical. But the system could also be used in literal life-or-death situations, like helping clinicians better assess a patient's pain to figure out the proper treatment. The system could be essential in a situation like detecting a stroke, Hamon notes. While medical professionals and caretakers are trained to recognize the signs of a stroke, they often miss the “mini strokes” (medical term: Transient Ischemic Attacks) that may precede a full-blown stroke. The eye of AI, then, could detect those micro signs of a stroke, or even the symptoms or signs of an illness that set in before acute onset in nursing home patients. This would allow caretakers to respond and intervene in a timely manner so the patient could be monitored for signs of a more serious stroke; doctors could even take steps to prevent the stroke from ever occurring. Would it really work? Hamon thinks it could. At the very least, they know the AI is sensitive enough to detect these types of minute changes. When the system was testing audiences, researchers had to take note of participants' prescription medications—some, such as stimulants like Adderall, cause effects like higher blood pressure and tiny muscle twitches. A human might not notice these subtle changes in another person, but the AI would pick it up and possibly mistake the medication's effects as stress.
A Powerful Tool Though many people may think that machines can't be biased, humans that design and interact with AI unknowingly imbue it with their biases. The implications of those biases become more pronounced as AI evolves, influencing processes like identity recognition and the collection of social media data in service of federal agencies. As facial recognition technology has crept closer to the average person's life, people have paid more attention to the possible ethical concerns brought on by these biased algorithms. The idea that technology can exist completely without bias is a controversial and heavily challenged one: AI is dependent upon the data it has been trained on, and there might be biases affecting that data, for example. And as AI research continues to progress, as we create machines that can in fact learn, we have to put in stopgaps for situations when machines could learn a lot more from us than what we set out to teach. Hamon feels confident that their algorithm is as unbiased as one can be: The computer is only interpreting a person's physical behavior, regardless of the face or body that displays it. Hamon takes comfort in that— he's experienced racial profiling first-hand. “I'm Native American, and I can tell you there are times when things get a little edgy,” they say. “You get nervous when the police pull up behind you. But I think this kind of technology really can undo that nervousness — because if you're not doing anything wrong, [and] the computer is going to tell the officer that you're not doing anything wrong. I would feel a sense of security knowing a computer is making that threat assessment.”
credit: Silver Logic Labs In any case, Hamon doesn't worry too much about interpreting the results of the algorithm they created. While he's confident in the algorithm, they also understand the limitations of their expertise. When it comes to making sense of the data, that's something they feel is best left to the experts in fields like law enforcement, medicine, and psychiatry.
The future of Hamon's work at Silver Logic Labs is fairly open. The applications for AI are only limited by the human imagination. Hamon wants to make their tool as available for as many different uses as possible, but they do find themselves circling back to where it all began: helping people create and enjoy high-quality entertainment. It could reveal to us observations that make us reconsider what it means to be human. “Storytelling is a part of human culture,” they say. Through their work Hamon has discovered at least one unquantifiable element that is key to media's success: “People really enjoy seeing humans [meaningfully] engaging with other humans… those are the things that tend to make successes,” they say.
Though we as a society might struggle to adapt to the transformations that AI will bring to our lives, there's solace to be found in Hamon's vision. AI, in all the data it unfeelingly collects, might reveal to us observations that make us reconsider what it means to be human. It may see something in us that we've never seen in one another — or ourselves.
Experts on intelligence, cognitive ability and student achievement were surveyed for their opinions on the causes of the 20th century rise in intelligence test results called the “FLynn effect”, on the causes of a possible end of the FLynn effect and on the future development of IQ in different world regions. Ratings from N = 75 experts attributed the secular IQ rise to better health and nutrition, more and better education and rising standards of living. Genetic changes were seen as not important. A possible stagnation or retrograde of the FLynn effect was attributed to asymmetric fertility (genetic and socialization effects), migration, declines in education and the influence of media. Experts expected 21st century IQ increases in currently on average low-ability regions (+ 6 to + 7 IQ points, in Latin America, Africa, India) and in East Asia (+ 7 IQ), but not in the West (a stagnation, below + 1 IQ), with a small decline in the US (− 0.45 IQ). Similar results were obtained for all experts and experts on the FLynn effect itself (mean r = 0.90 to 0.97; N = 17). The results correlated strongly with and confirmed a recent meta-analysis on the causes of the FLynn effect (r = 0.65 to 0.71; Pietschnig & Voracek, 2015).
The Financial Tsunami
Part 1: Deutsche Bank's painful lesson F. William Engdahl
www.engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net/
Nov 26, 2007
Migrants in Germany have committed 142,500 crimes in just six months, police figures have revealed
This was the equivalent of 780 crimes a day – an increase of nearly 40 percent over 2015, according to data from Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office
It comes as German chancellor Angela Merkel remains under pressure over their open-door policy on immigration amid concerns over how to integrate 900,000 newcomers who arrived last year.
Angela Merkel (pictured) is under more pressure over their refugee policy after it was revealed migrants committed 142,500 crimes in Germany during the first six months of 2016.
A separate report from late last year by the Federal Criminal Office found that migrants registered as living in Germany committed more than 200,000 crimes over the whole of 2015 with two-thirds involving theft counterfeiting and financial crimes.
According to the Gatestone Institute, an international policy council, police in some parts of the country fear they are being stretched to the limit amid climbing crime figures.
Their report said: ‘During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught.
‘Migrant crime statistics for all of 2016, when they become available, are likely to show a significant increase over the 2015 numbers. One reason for this is that thousands of migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers' or ‘refugees' have gone missing.'
The statistics emerged against a backdrop of rising tensions over Merkel's liberal refugee policies.
The rightwing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) harnessed a wave of anger over the refugee influx to claim around 14 percent of the vote in Berlin state in September.
The statistics emerged against a backdrop of rising tensions over Merkel's liberal refugee policies. In October, thousands of protesters massed in the eastern German city of Dresden to mark the second anniversary of the anti-migrant and Islamophobic movement Pegida (file picture).
In October, thousands of protesters massed in the eastern German city of Dresden to mark the second anniversary of the anti-migrant and Islamophobic movement Pegida.
Carrying flags bearing slogans like ‘Refugees not welcome', the crowd chanted ‘Merkel must go'.
Earlier in the month, Pegida supporters sparked outrage when they heckled Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Joachim Gauck during German reunification celebrations in Dresden.
No violence had broken out so far at the rally, police said, while independent research group Durchgezaehlt estimated turnout at between 6,500 and 8,500 people – far less than the 20,000 who joined the anniversary rally a year ago.
Pegida was forced to hold its anniversary gathering this year on Sunday rather than Monday – when it usually holds its rallies, because two public events aimed at countering the Islamophobia group had already reserved the space in Dresden's old town.
Saxony, of which Dresden is the state capital, saw far-right hate crimes targeting shelters for asylum seekers rise to 106 in 2015, with another 50 recorded in the first half of this year.
As lawmakers rush to finalize a number of big-ticket legislative items before the calendar turns to 2018, they face a deadline to revisit surveillance powers at the center of a controversy involving President Trump, Russia, and the “wiretapping” allegations Trump hurled at former President Obama earlier this year.
The spying program created by Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act will expire on New Year's Eve if Congress does not reauthorize those powers in the coming weeks.
Lawmakers have already introduced several competing bills to renew and reform the 702 program. But each offers different levels of change to the law responsible for both surveillance and "unmasking."
Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., introduced a bill over the summer that would permanently reauthorize the 702 program without making any major changes. It's an approach supported by the Trump administration, as high-ranking officials have pushed lawmakers to support a “clean” reauthorization bill that places no restrictions on the government's ability to collect or search communications.
The Senate Intelligence Committee advanced its version of 702 reauthorization, which would extend the warrantless surveillance program through the end of 2025, late last month. That bill offers a few modest reforms – such as requiring more reporting to Congress to increase transparency and offering stricter penalties to those who leak classified information – while leaving much of the program intact.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., and Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., introduced a bill late last month that would provide the most substantial changes to 702. Their bipartisan plan would impose stricter limits on how and where intelligence agencies can collect information, placing particular safeguards on communications that involve U.S. citizens.
And in the lower chamber, members of the House Judiciary Committee have put forward legislation, known as the USA Liberty Act, that addresses the “unmasking” issue at the heart of allegations against the Obama administration while approving much of 702 for another six years.
David Ruiz, writer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said any of the plans presently on the table could be folded into another piece of legislation before the Dec. 31 deadline.
“Watch what Congress does as the year-end nears,” Ruiz told the Washington Examiner. “There are several debt, spending, and disaster relief packages that are supposed to be voted on in the coming weeks, and there is a real possibility that surveillance reform gets attached to other legislation.”
Ruiz said there are a number of flashpoints in the debate over surveillance power that must be addressed in whatever bill Congress passes to reauthorize 702.
One is known as the “backdoor search loophole,” a name given to a practice – made possible by ambiguity in the current law – that intelligence agencies use to search the government's database of intercepted communications without a warrant.
“Today, agencies like the FBI can search through communications collected under Section 702 — even if those communications belong to a U.S. person — without first obtaining a warrant,” Ruiz said. “Some lawmakers are not interested in closing this loophole because they, like the intelligence community, believe that these communications are legally obtained, and thus, do not need to separate legal approval to search.”
The Paul-Wyden bill would ban backdoor searches and require officials to obtain a warrant not just to collect information on a foreign target, as the law presently states, but to search the database of intercepted communications as well.
Another flashpoint in the surveillance debate involves a practice known as “about” collection, or the government's authority to obtain communications that merely mention a foreign target, even if the target neither sent nor received those communications. About collection could allow intelligence agents to spy on conversations solely between two American citizens if those Americans happen to be discussing the foreign target. The Paul-Wyden bill and the House Judiciary Committee's bill would both outlaw this practice.
But perhaps the most controversial issue in the broader surveillance discussion involves unmasking, or the government's ability to identify Americans whose communications are swept up during surveillance of a foreign target. The identities of U.S. citizens are supposed to be redacted in reports containing conversations they have had with or about foreign targets; however, officials can request that intelligence agencies reveal their names in those reports under urgent circumstances.
The Obama administration came under fire earlier this year after House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes discovered high-ranking officials had unmasked the identities of Trump transition officials in sensitive conversations, some of which ended up in the news due to apparent leaks.
Nunes launched an investigation into the practice that yielded evidence of systemic abuse of unmasking authority in the previous administration. For example, in a letter they wrote to Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats in July, Nunes noted that their investigators had found multiple instances in which Obama administration officials had unmasked Trump associates without providing a “meaningful explanation” as to why those identities needed to be revealed.
“[W]e have found evidence that current and former government officials had easy access to U.S. person information, and it is possible that these officials used this information to achieve partisan political purposes, including the selective, anonymous leaking of such information,” Nunes wrote.
“[S]enior government officials offered remarkably few individualized justifications for access to this U.S. person information,” Nunes added. One Obama administration official, they said, “made hundreds of unmasking requests” during the final year of Obama's presidency alone.
A source familiar with surveillance discussions in Congress said the “vague, boilerplate language” that former administration officials were able to use to justify unmaskings in politically-sensitive situations is one reason House Intelligence Committee members may offer additional unmasking reforms to the House Judiciary plan, which already contains several.
"If you're trying to do oversight, that gives you no help whatsoever,” the source told the Washington Examiner.
That source said House Intelligence Committee members have weighed a proposal that would add tougher restrictions to unmasking requests during presidential transitions – when the previous and potentially adversarial administration remains in control of intelligence information that could involve associates of the incoming administration.
Many lawmakers in the House and Senate have not yet indicated which reforms they will back, beyond signaling a lack of support for the type of clean reauthorization favored by the Trump administration and Cotton. Congressional leaders have also not taken a temporary extension of the program off the table.
Surveillance reform is an issue with the potential to unite a unique coalition of conservatives and progressives, however. Small government proponents and civil liberty advocates have found common cause since 2008 in opposing the mass collection of communication, whether out of a desire to protect civil liberties or an effort to reign in the national security apparatus of the federal government.
House Freedom Caucus members have expressed their opposition to any 702 reauthorization bill that leaves the program substantially intact.
“Government surveillance activities under the FISA Amendments Act have violated Americans' constitutionally protected rights. We oppose any reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act that does not include substantial reforms to the government's collection and use of Americans' data,” the Freedom Caucus board said in a statement in June.
A spokesperson for the Freedom Caucus said the statement continues to describe the conservative bloc's position on surveillance as Congress gears up for debate.
Stoicism: A Rebuttal
POINT: “I would very much like or prefer to have success, approval, or comfort,” and then end with the conclusion, “But I don't have to have it. I won't die without it. And I could be happy (though not as happy) without it.”
COUNTERPOINT: YES I DO AND YES I WILL AND NO I CAN'T, RESPECTIVELY
POINT: “Say to yourself in the early morning: I shall meet today ungrateful, violent, treacherous, envious, uncharitable men…I can neither be harmed by any of them, for no man will involve me in wrong, nor can I be angry with my kinsman or hate him; for we have come into the world to work together.”
COUNTERPOINT: Honestly, fuck you.
POINT: “To the rational being only the irrational is unendurable, but the rational is endurable.”
COUNTERPOINT: NOTHING IS ENDURABLE HOW DARE YOU
POINT: “Study how to give as one that is sick: that thou mayest hereafter give as one that is whole. Fast; drink water only; abstain altogether from desire, that thou mayest hereafter confirm thy desire to Reason.”
COUNTERPOINT: HONESTLY WHY DON'T YOU TRY NOT EATING AND WANTING THINGS AND SEE HOW GOOD IT MAKES YOU FEEL
POINT: Worse than war is the very fear of war.
COUNTERPOINT: THAT'S RIDICULOUS, PROBABLY
POINT: The old Romans had a custom which survived even into my lifetime. They would add to the opening words of a letter: “If you are well, it is well; I also am well.”
COUNTERPOINT: WELL THAT IS A STUPID CUSTOM TO HAVE
POINT: “Does aught befall you? It is good. It is part of the destiny of the Universe ordained for you from the beginning. All that befalls you is part of the great web.”
COUNTERPOINT: THEN IT'S A STUPID WEB AND I HATE IT
POINT: “To you, all you have seems small: to me, all I have seems great. Your desire is insatiable, mine is satisfied. See children thrusting their hands into a narrow-necked jar, and striving to pull out the nuts and figs it contains: if they fill the hand, they cannot pull it out again, and then they fall to tears.—'Let go a few of them, and then you can draw out the rest!' — You, too, let your desire go! covet not many things, and you will obtain.”
COUNTERPOINT: I'M NOT GOING TO WANT LESS STUFF JUST BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH FIGS, BUDDY
POINT: “How can it be that one who hath nothing, neither raiment, nor house, nor home, nor bodily tendance, nor servant, nor city, should live tranquil and contented? Behold God hath sent you a man to show you in act and deed that it may be so. Behold me! I have neither city nor house nor possessions nor servants: the ground is my couch; I have no wife, no children, no shelter—nothing but earth and sky, and one poor cloak. And what lack I yet? am I not untouched by sorrow, by fear? am I not free?”
COUNTERPOINT: Well, congratulations on not wanting anything, GUY, I'll be over here wanting and getting stuff
POINT: “In the morning, when thou art sluggish at rousing thee, let this thought be present; ‘I am rising to a man's work.'”
COUNTERPOINT: SHAN'T
POINT: “Think of God more often than thou breathest.”
COUNTERPOINT: THAT SOUNDS TERRIBLE
POINT: “‘My brother ought not to have treated me thus.' True: but they must see to that. However they may treat me, I must deal rightly by him. This is what lies with me, what none can hinder.”
COUNTERPOINT: THAT SOUNDS EVEN WORSE THAN THE OTHER THING, I WANT TO PUNISH HIM
[Quotes mostly via Seneca and Zeno and whatnot]
Mzuri, the first gorilla born in captivity in Australia and the first animal born through IVF, has died overseas.
The famous silverback male was born at Melbourne Zoo on June 3, 1984.
They were soon named "Mzuri", meaning beautiful, and captured the hearts of many who sent in cards and gifts to the zoo from across the nation.
Mzuri with their mother Yuska and keeper Uli Weiher, Melbourne Zoo, 1984. (Melbourne Zoo) ()
They died of cardiac arrest under general anaesthetic at Ammneville Zoo in France, a Melbourne Zoo spokesperson told 9NEWS.
Mzuri's birth made headlines worldwide and was the result of a pioneering IVF program.
They were raised by hand by zoo staff and was transferred to a breeding program in Jersey in 1993.
They also fathered two other gorillas.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Versace is coming under fire for a racist practice that one former employee claims they were taught to abide by when they were hired at a Versace retail store in Pleasanton, Calif.
The former clerk is suing Versace over racial profiling, according to Women's Wear Daily. In a confidential moment while being trained for their new role, Christopher Sampiro, 23, was told about the D410 Code. The code is meant to be used while ringing up black clothing at the register, but Versace allegedly also asks its workers to speak the code aloud “in a casual manner” to warn colleagues that a black person has entered the store.
It just so happens that Sampiro is a quarter African-American, a detail their employers did not know until they made them aware of it. And soon after they did, they were fired. Now the former employee has filed a 30-page lawsuit against Versace, according to the Huffington Post. In it, they claim they were told they were fired because “he didn't understand luxury” and didn't know “the luxury life,” according to the New York Daily News. But the timing was too coincidental: just weeks after they were hired in September and their revelation that they were biracial shortly thereafter.
Sampiro says that once they told their employers they were partially black, “he was treated differently and that they did not receive ‘legitimate training.'” The plaintiff is seeking class-action status for the complaint, according to WWD, and “alleges wrongful termination and failure to prevent discrimination along with seven other counts.” According to the publication, the suit alleges they did not receive all the pay they were owed and was denied breaks. According to the Daily News, “The suit was filed on the worker's own behalf as well as others ‘similarly situated and the general public.'”
Versace courted controversy recently with an ad that depicted model Gigi Hadid as the wife of an African-American man and the mother of two biracial children, one of whom looks about 5 or 6 years old. This time, though, the kerfuffle was not over race but instead about the perceived glamorizing of teen pregnancy, as Hadid, 21, would have had to have given birth to the child at high school age.
The most recent controversy, though, is a prime example of a phenomenon that has come to be known as “shopping while black,” also known as racial profiling. According to International Business Times, “A recent Gallup poll suggests that African-Americans are more likely to feel discrimination at a store than when going to a restaurant, or dealing with police during a traffic incident.” The article details incidents of profiling in retail stores across the country, in which innocent shoppers who happen to be black are followed, harassed, and inappropriately accused of stealing even though they haven't even left the store.
Some specific incidents the story highlights include a lawsuit filed by former store detectives against CVS, “alleging that loss prevention managers in New York City instructed them to track the movements of blacks and Hispanics more closely than other customers and routinely used racial slurs to describe shoppers.” The article states that, similar to Versace, employees at a Zara store used a code word to “identify and track” black customers. False arrests of customers of color were made at popular retailers like Hollister, Walgreens, Macy's, and Barneys New York.
A 2013 Pew Research Center poll, revealed that 46 percent of black people reported unfair treatment in stores and restaurants, compared with only 16 percent of whites. According to the ACLU, racial profiling violates “the U.S. Constitution's core promises of equal protection under the law to all and freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures.” In short, it's not only sickening; it's also illegal.
Though many companies convicted of racial profiling have been made to pay hefty fines, Versace is hoping to avoid such a fate. The luxury brand has asked Alameda County Superior Court to dismiss the case, and a case status conference is scheduled for March 21, according to the Daily News.
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.
The Innocence of Muslims drew almost no one to the cinema in California. In Benghazi it provoked deadly fury
The long fuse that led to the explosion of violence that killed the US ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens, was lit last summer in the pleasant hills of southern California, where a man who claims to be an Israeli-American real estate developer, Sam Bacile, set about making a film.
The citrus groves and villas around Los Angeles are home not just to Hollywood but to a lucrative underside, a vast industry pumping out huge numbers of amateur, gonzo productions for internet distribution, most of them pornographic. But few have been intended to be as grotesquely offensive as Bacile's production, and none have had such explosive consequences.
By their own account, Bacile raised a budget of $5m (£3m) from 100 unnamed Jewish donors for The Innocence of Muslims, which they wrote and directed himself, with the aim of demonstrating their belief, as they described it to the Wall Street Journal, that "Islam is a cancer".
To that end, Bacile got their amateur cast to depict the prophet Muhammad as a feckless philanderer who approved of child abuse. It took three months, 59 actors and about 45 crew. The result was two hours of stumbling dialogue and wooden acting among flimsy sets, and a stream of gratuitous insults aimed at Muslims. It was screened in an almost empty cinema in Hollywood earlier this year.
In another age, that would probably have been the end of the story. But in the YouTube era, in which the voices of fanatics are amplified, it was a bomb primed for detonation, months later and thousands of miles away.
Bacile posted a 13-minute English-language trailer on YouTube in early July but it was only in the past week that it appears to have caught the attention of combatants in the online culture wars.
A Florida pastor, Terry Jones, who had triggered protests in the Islamic world by burning the Qur'an and with their campaign to stop the construction of a mosque at the site of the 9/11 attacks, promoted the film on their website and announced their intention to broadcast the trailer at their Gainesville church this week.
"It is an American production, not designed to attack Muslims but to show the destructive ideology of Islam," they said in a statement. "The movie further reveals in a satirical fashion the life of Muhammad."
The film clip was also spotted and promoted last week by Morris Sadik, an Egyptian Coptic Christian based in California who runs a small virulently Islamophobic group called the National American Coptic Assembly. It was later denounced by mainstream Copts in Egypt, but it was too late to stop it going viral.
At some point over the summer a version of the YouTube trailer surfaced with the dialogue dubbed in Egyptian Arabic – Bacile says they have no idea who did the translation but has claimed it sounded accurate – and the translated clip was picked up by a firebrand Cairo television host, Sheikh Khaled Abdallah, who has a record of focusing on perceived threats to Islam and amplifying them. They aired clips from the video on their television show on Saturday, and the same video clips were posted to YouTube on Monday.
As the Arab audience for the film grew exponentially, militant Islamists called for a mass protest at the US embassy in Cairo. The organisers told Associated Press that planning began last week when Sadik began promoting the trailers but the support for the demonstration snowballed after the Sheikh Abdallah programme on Saturday.
A crowd of some 2,000 is reported to have gathered outside the embassy walls in Cairo on Tuesday night, catching the local security services flat-flooted. Most of the diplomats and local staff had left early and a few dozen of the demonstrators were able to scale the wall, take down the stars and stripes and replace it with a black flag. The Egyptian police only managed to evict them from the compound by late evening.
By that time, however, the spark had jumped westwards to the Libyan city of Benghazi. According to al-Jazeera, an extremist militia called Ansar al-Sharia, one of many such armed groups staking out little fiefdoms in the aftermath of Muammar Gaddafi's fall, heard about the storming of the Cairo embassy and the American film.
According to al-Jazeera's correspondent in Benghazi, Suleiman Idrissi, "At about 11.30 pm a group of people calling themselves Islamic law [Sharia] supporters heard there would be an American movie insulting the prophet Muhammad. Once they heard this news they came out out of their military garrison, and went into the streets calling on people to go ahead and attack the American consulate in Benghazi."
Rocket-propelled grenades were reported to have been fired from a farm next door to the consulate, and film clips on al-Jazeera show men roaming through the ornate gardens amid vehicles, vegetation and buildings in flames. Ambassador Stevens, who was on a short visit to Benghazi, is reported to have died from smoke inhalation, along with an American computer expert at the consulate, Sean Smith, and two security guards.
Smith was an internet gaming enthusiast and was chatting online to another player at the time of the attack. According to the other player, who goes by the online handle of The_Mittani, Smith "said 'FUCK' and 'GUNFIRE' and then disconnected and never returned".
By Wednesday, Sam Bacile was in hiding. They spoke to Associated Press from an undisclosed location, saying they had not expected such a furious reaction. They said: "I feel sorry for the embassy. I am mad." But Bacile still insisted that the movie would help Israel by exposing what they described as Islam's flaws to the world.
"My plan is to make a series of 200 hours," they said.
They say "time heals all wounds," but for the families of the eight people killed in what's known as the "Colonial Parkway Murders" three decades hasn't offered much solace. This week marks the thirtieth anniversary of one of those cases -- the violent killings of Robin Edwards and David Knobling.
Thirty years later, the case has not been solved. Now, David's brother is speaking out on their search for answers.
For Mike Knobling, their garage is a second home of sorts. It's not just because it's a glorified man cave, complete with a TV surround sound system and any tool they could ever want.
There is one tool out of their entire collection that has become a cherished possession.
“Yup, the Snap-On ¾ inch little box in,” Mike showed us. “This was David's wrench. It's the only one I have of his.”
David is Mike's brother, who was taken from their family in a brutal and mysterious killing in 1987. The eldest Knobling was a "gear-head." Mike followed their brother's footsteps to the garage.
Sign up for the daily In the NOW Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the afternoon. Thank you for signing up for the NOW Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
“I spend a lot of time talking to David out here,” Mike explained. “This is where I think of him. This is where I feel him.”
A thirty-year absence hasn't diminished the bond of brothers.
“I miss him,” Mike cried. “I miss them very much.”
David missed out on most of Mike's life and Mike still isn't sure exactly what happened.
“It's hard,” Mike lamented. “It's hard not having someone to blame. You took my brother, you know, somebody to be mad at, angry at.”
On September 19, 1987, the brothers went out with their cousin and Robin Edwards. Mike and David went back to their mom's house. The younger brother remembers their last moments together clearly.
“We sat out in the driveway smoking a cigarette and then they left and I actually got to say 'bye' because they were pulling out of the driveway as I was going back in,” they recalled. “That was the last time I'd seen him.”
David met up with Robin again. A couple days later their truck was found abandoned. Two days after that, their bodies were found at Ragged Island Wildlife Refuge in Isle of Wight. Both had been shot to death.
“It was horrendous,” Mike grieved. “The worst day of my life for sure.”
The night David and Robin were at Ragged Island it was raining heavily. There was concern any evidence at the crime scenes would have been washed away.
So, Mike has pretty much given up hope any evidence or the investigation will ever lead to an arrest. The FBI and Virginia State Police are working this case, the killing of a couple the year before and two other double-homicides in the next two years together, as the "Colonial Parkway Murders."
Mike told us communication with authorities dropped off as the years went on. Still, they hope State Police, the lead agency in their brother's case, won't give up.
In the meantime, in the absence of answers, they find solace in their garage and their memories.
“That ten minutes we spent on the driveway has comforted me for the last thirty years,” they added. “No question about it.”
State Police told 13News Now:
“There currently is no physical evidence to link the State Police and the FBI unsolved homicide cases. Due to the similarities of the homicides, our agencies continue to coordinate and communicate, working together on possible leads and eliminating suspects. This is an ongoing investigation.”
I'm going to open this column with a plug for a coming attraction, namely 24 Under 24. The list is in, and in the interest of piquing your interest, I'm going to share my own, personal 6-through-10. Note that this isn't the official list, but rather my list, which counted for 1/18th of the vote.
10: Kwadwo Poku
9: Matt Polster
8: Harry Shipp
7. Joao Plata
6: Wil Trapp
Have fun guessing who 1-through-5 were in the comments section below. I promise not to butt in.
Now, onto the games from Heineken Rivalry Week (drink!):
1. Desolation Row
The capstone to a week of feuds was the most impressive performance of the bunch: New York's 3-0 dismemberment of a flat, lifeless and perpetually chasing D.C. United team. This one wasn't close, and if it wasn't for the heroics of Bill Hamid in goal – early, often, always – it would have been an historic drubbing.
Instead it was merely an ominous note in what was otherwise probably a moderately successful month for United. Yes, they've lost three straight in the league, but they traveled to three different countries to play seven games across all competitions and won four of them despite being mostly without Fabián Espíndola and partially without Hamid. They swam upstream through a monstrously busy and difficult stretch and crawled onto dry land to find themselves still atop the East on total points and basically through to the CONCACAF Champions League knock-out rounds.
Managing both of those things in two straight years is a major accomplishment. The Galaxy, the Sounders, RSL … none of the typical "they're so consistent!" teams in the leauge have produced like this in back-to-back years. Even if D.C. are overtaken by the Red Bulls – and, spoiler alert, they're going to be overtaken by the Red Bulls – it's hard to lodge too big of a complaint about anything Ben Olsen's done since winning the US Open Cup 23 months ago. United fans should bear that in mind.
There is, however, the sneaking suspicion that this team can't quite compete on the biggest stages for the biggest stakes:
3 “big” games in 9 months (today, 1st legs at NY & in CCL), @dcunited has been outscored 10-2, in case you wondered where the ceiling was. — Black and Red United (@blackandredU) August 31, 2015
They led the Fire to a four-point week, thanks to a huge 3-2 win over the Red Bulls on Wednesday, followed by a 1-1, hurricane-delayed draw at Orlando City on Saturday.
The "Xavi" thing is obviously hyperbole for effect, but please watch the next Fire game and notice how excellent Stephens is as receiving the ball in traffic with a simple touch away from pressure, then spraying useful passes to create time and space for their teammates. Chicago fans are right to wonder why they haven't been starting until recently.
1. Finally, FC Dallas finally stopped their skid with a 2-0 win over Real Salt Lake on Saturday. Homegrown goalkeeper Jesse Gonzalez got the shutout, Homegrown midfielders Kellyn Acosta and Victor Ulloa both went their customary 90 minutes, and youngsters Tesho Akindele and Fabián Castillo both scored.
Dallas are still, in my opinion, a year away from being an elite team. But thanks to their investment in youth, they've cleared themselves a very promising path forward..
Rogers and Fido customers are now connected across the full SkyTrain system
December 22, 2017
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, December 22, 2017 – TransLink and Rogers Communications announced today that the work to bring wireless network coverage across the full SkyTrain system is now complete. The installation in the 2.5km Burquitlam Tunnel on the Evergreen extension of the Millennium Line finished this week and was the final phase in an extensive LTE and voice access expansion along the SkyTrain system available in the Dunsmuir, Edmonds, Columbia and now Burquitlam tunnels.
Just in time for the holidays, Rogers and Fido customers, including business customers, will experience a seamless wireless network across the entire SkyTrain system, allowing them to do more on the go, whether it's sharing festive family photos on social media, keeping up with work emails, or even streaming music on the way to some last-minute holiday shopping – they are now connected for their whole commute.
“Our customers want to stay in touch wherever they are, including while using public transportation like the SkyTrain,” said Perm Jawanda, Regional Vice-President, Rogers Communications. “That's why we're committed to investing in communities and businesses across British Columbia, and are proud of our team's hard work to complete wireless service across the entire SkyTrain system. From last-minute shopping and Tri-City families getting together for the holidays, to commuters heading to work and students travelling to and from Simon Fraser University, our customers can count on being connected to a worry-free and reliable network.”
“Our customers have told us that a good transit experience includes being able to use their devices across our system,” says Derrick Cheung, Vice-President Strategic Sourcing and Real Estate, TransLink. “We're pleased to have worked with Rogers to bring LTE connectivity to all of the Expo and Millennium line tunnels, which ensures Rogers and Fido customers can experience the convenience that consistent connectivity affords, and all passengers – regardless of carrier – have the safety and security of dialing 911 on their devices.”
Far superior to previous technologies such as 3G and 4G HSPA+, LTE delivers a faster, richer and smoother wireless experience allowing customers to stream and do more on the go with less buffering. The improved service also provides HD quality voice services when using a device enabled with VoLTE, the latest voice technology. The Rogers network will also provide essential emergency coverage to all commuters in the event they need to access 911, regardless of their carrier.
There are more than 1.2 million boardings across TransLink's integrated transit network each day. In 2016, the transit agency introduced Wi-Fi to its SeaBus vessels to improve customer connectivity and convenience. Partnering with Rogers to offer wireless connectivity along the Expo and Millennium line tunnels means the entire SkyTrain system now has the capacity to offer continuous connectivity.
About Rogers
Rogers Communications is a leading diversified public Canadian communications and media company. We are Canada's largest provider of wireless communications services and one of Canada's leading providers of cable television, high-speed Internet and telephony services to consumers and businesses. Through Rogers Media, we are engaged in radio and television broadcasting, televised shopping, magazines and trade publications, sports entertainment, and digital media. We are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: RCI). For further information about the Rogers group of companies, please visit rogers.com.
About TransLink
TransLink is Metro Vancouver's regional transportation authority that manages bus, SkyTrain, West Coast Express, SeaBus, HandyDART and cycling routes as well as the major road network and five bridges.
For more information
Rogers Communications
media@rci.rogers.com
1-844-226-1338
TransLink
media@translink.ca
1-778-375-7788
Suggestion: Physical change affected by hard (or no) work
I had this random idea when I heard about the way your body affects hitboxes and will have other perks.
It would be cool to have your character change overtime when you for example, eat too much and work too little, you become less fit and your body shows it. Vice versa, if you do a lot of physical work, you get in better shape and it will affect your character as well.
This is just a cool little feature that I would like to see in game. I have no idea if it would be possible or not so I would love to hear if that might be a thing the developers will consider or if this will not be in game.
A member of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's caucus says they were only trying to put witnesses "at ease" this week when they successfully pushed public hearings about subsidies for the fossil fuel industry behind closed doors.
Brossard—Saint-Lambert Liberal MP Alexandra Mendès, vice chair of the House of Commons public accounts committee said the maneuver was meant to foster a "frank discussion" as federal MPs reviewed the matter.
Canada, under former prime minister Stephen Harper, made a 2009 commitment with other G20 countries to phase out inefficient subsidies for the oil, gas and coal industry as part of efforts to tackle the heat-trapping pollution that contributes to climate change. The G20 countries had agreed that these subsidies, estimated to be worth more than $300 billion per year, help boost demand for fossil fuels, which leads to more pollution.
Mendès' motion wasn't the first time the government has tried to keep secrets about its progress in meeting the commitment. Last April, Michael Ferguson, the federal auditor general, said in a report that the Finance Department had refused to share information with their office for an audit on the issue. The same audit found that Environment and Climate Change Canada had no plan to meet the commitment.
"It is clear the Liberals are still trying to keep this undercover, first by not releasing data to the auditor general and now by preventing a House of Commons Committee from studying this issue," said Annie Bérubé, the director of government relations for Quebec-based environmental group, Équiterre.
The committee meeting itself was the first gathering of MPs planning to study Ferguson's audit about the subsidies.
The motion to go behind closed doors cut off questions for several expert witnesses, including Ferguson, who were appearing to speak publicly at the parliamentary committee.
“We wanted to have a very candid and frank discussion,” said Mendès. “I wanted to make sure that there would be no constraints.”
Brossard—Saint-Lambert Liberal MP Alexandra Mendès said they aren't instructed by the ruling Trudeau Liberals to move a committee studying fossil fuel subsidies in-camera. Alexandra Mendès Facebook photo
The meeting broke down about 10 minutes after it started, following opening statements from Ferguson, as well as senior officials from Finance Canada and Environment and Climate Change Canada. Paul Shuttle, a lawyer representing federal public service boss Michael Wernick, was also present and expected to testify. The top bureaucrat acts as a secretary to cabinet and oversees advice given to cabinet members.
Mendès responded to the opening statements with their motion to go in-camera, a process that blocks the evidence from being published.
Coincidentally, a fire alarm had also gone off right before Mendès started speaking.
“These discussions are rather delicate in nature, and so I think we should go in-camera,” said Mendès at the committee.
According to the rules, the committee proceeded immediately to a vote on the motion, which carried.
The Trudeau government's cabinet issued an order in May 2017 that was meant to grant access to all of the documents it required, prepared after Nov. 4, 2015, but this decision didn't apply to documents that were prepared when the former Harper government was in power.
Ferguson said in a statement, prepared for their parliamentary committee appearance, that the government only turned over documents their office had requested on Oct. 20, "including unredacted strategic environmental assessments and other documents that contain explanations, analyses of problems or policy options." But they said their office was still negotiating with the Privy Council Office to get access to other information needed for the ongoing audits.
In an interview on Thursday, Mendès said they aren't trying to hide anything by introducing the motion. They said it was their idea to introduce it, and they aren't ordered to do so by the Liberal Party.
“I wasn't, in any way, instructed to do this or that,” said Mendès.
“I think if you follow the workings of our committee so far, you can see that we have been as engaged in getting to the bottom of things as the opposition.”
They said they moved the motion immediately, instead of trying to see what officials would say in public first, because they didn't want to anger witnesses.
“I don't think that by antagonizing people, we get what we want. I actually do believe in that proverb that says, we get a lot more with honey than with vinegar,” said Mendès.
“I thought that it would have put everybody much more at ease, if we started with the premise that ‘Yes, you can speak freely.'”
Following the fire alarm, Mendès said that the MPs eventually returned and had a "fruitful" discussion with the witnesses.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau speaks to reporters in Ottawa on Oct. 24, 2017. Morneau received a mandate from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to phase out fossil fuel subsidies. File photo by Alex Tétreault
Canadian oil and gas companies pay far lower taxes in Canada, reports the Guardian
The strange maneuvering over the parliamentary study coincides with revelations from an investigation by the Guardian, which reported on Thursday that oil and gas companies are taxed in Canada at a far lower rate than abroad, representing potentially billions of dollars in lost revenue.
Chevron Canada, for example, paid almost seven times as much to Indonesia as it did to municipal and provincial governments in Canada, while Canadian Natural Resources Limited paid almost four times as much to the Ivory Coast, the Guardian reported.
The news outlet's Montreal-based reporter, Martin Lukacs, was able to produce the data by cross-referencing a Canadian database of oil, gas and mining firms' foreign payments that launched in June 2017 with oil production figures.
Earlier this year, Finance Minister Bill Morneau pointed to a cabinet order that they said would address Ferguson's complaints about not having access to documents. But Ferguson said that order didn't go far enough in addressing the recurring issue of secrecy.
Mendès said they wanted to have a discussion with Shuttle and Ferguson about what was being considered secret, and what had changed with the May 2017 cabinet order.
“I don't want us to be impeded in getting information, because we're in public," they said.
Morneau was ordered to “phase out subsidies for the fossil fuel industry over the medium-term” in their mandate letter from the prime minister.
Editor's note: This article was updated at 10:35 a.m. on Monday to include additional information about government instructions to make more documents available to the auditor general.
Inequality is a growing problem in the UK. While austerity measures in Britain continue to hit the poorest families hardest, a wealthy elite has seen their incomes spiral upwards, exacerbating income inequality which has grown under successive governments over the last quarter of a century.
Today, the five richest families in the UK are wealthier than the bottom 20 per cent of the entire population. That's just five households with more money than 12.6 million people – almost the same as the number of people living below the poverty line in the UK.
Starting with this week's Budget, the government needs to re-balance the books by raising revenues from those who can afford it - by clamping down on companies and individuals who avoid paying their fair share of tax and by starting to explore greater taxation of extreme wealth – rather than relying on cuts to services that have a disproportionate impact on the poorest in society, some 13 million people who are currently classed as living below the poverty line.
Hidetaka Suehiro, better known by their moniker Swery, has left Access Games, the Japanese game studio they founded in 2002.
Suehiro is best known as the director of Deadly Premonition, but also worked on The Last Blade, Spy Fiction and D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die.
In November, Suehiro announced they would be taking time away from games development to recover from reactive hypoglycemia, a medical condition where blood sugar levels can reach dangerously low levels.
Swery announced they are taking time away from games to focus on recovering from reactive hypoglycemia in a blog post in November last year. Reactive hypoglycemia is a condition where blood sugar levels can become dangerously low.
Although a lot of the questions around Suehiro's departure are now asking if their health was a reason for their departure, Suehiro tweeted: "Day 360, Unfortunately I retired from Access Games after all. However Don't worry, because my health condition is getting be fine. Love you!"
There's no information yet on what this departure means for the future of their episodic graphic adventure game D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die or what Suehiro will do next now he's left Access Games, but we'll bring you more information as we get it.
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team.
Occupy LSX Protesters Asked To Leave
St. Paul's Cathedral have today requested that the Occupy London Stock Exchange Protesters leave and as a result have closed the Cathedral to the public on ‘safety grounds'. In an official statement released today Reverend Graeme Knowles, the Dean of St Paul's, stated that the Cathedral had no choice but to close its doors until the protesters leave the vicinity of the building.
The closure of the Cathedral, which will begin after today's afternoon service, will be the first time since WWII that St Paul's has closed it's doors to the public and comes as a result of the various fire hazards which Cathedral officials believe the protest has caused; posing a “serious risk to the life if the Cathedral”.
Possible new sites for the protest have been suggested at Hyde Park, Hoxton, Trafalgar Square, Imperial War Museum and Victoria Park. The protest has had a mixed response from public opinion, with several praising the work of the protesters around the globe whilst it many have seemed disillusioned what the protest will achieve and why the protest has taken place at St. Paul's Cathedral and not in Canary Wharf – the reason of course being that Canary Wharf is private property and thus public protest is not a legal right there.
Several protesters, many of which have been at St Paul's since last Saturday whilst protesting against corporate greed, have insisted that they will not leave by choice and they will have to be removed with force if they are to leave; raising fears that this could be the catalyst in spurring what has remained an entirely peaceful protest thus far into a more violent struggle.
Occupy London have released an official response to the news available here.
And finally, they have a name.Public face of the Church of the Third Star and head of the Star's Templar, A'kani has lead a life of destiny. Born scarred by the sacred power of the Light of A'ahl, they were adopted by the church and raised to bear the honored duty of cleansing the white lands of darkness and disgrace. They wield a polished driftwood trident 'delivered by the earth itself' and the powers granted to them by their patron deity to spread the message of the church across the land.While closed-off, unquestioning, and impatient, A'kani is also an incredibly effective combatant and a firm believer in the virtues of truth and justice. There is a lot they don't know about the world they live in, but the threads of fate are about to bring them and several other destined individuals together to see the world in a new light.Third Star A'ahl: iguanodragon.deviantart.com/ar…
The Washington Post's Paul Farhi posted an opinion piece this week entitled "How Siri is ruining your cellphone service," in which they say that Apple's voice-powered assistant — a staple of the iPhone 4S, and presumably every iDevice going forward — is a "bandwidth guzzler" that's "flooding" our mobile networks with unprecedented data utilization, a trend that will ultimately saturate available spectrum. We should "prepare for higher cellphone bills," they say, or — perhaps looking to rile the defenders of net neutrality — "we could put some traffic cops on the beat to regulate our data demands and limit the traffic snarls and bottlenecks."
GigaOM's Stacey Higginbotham does an excellent job of debunking the piece, noting that Siri itself does not consume a lot of data — in fact, Ars Technica took a look at it a couple months ago, estimating that even heavy usage (10 to 15 Siri requests a day) would generate under 30MB of usage in a month. Even if you're on a 3GB data plan — the smallest reasonably-sized smartphone data plan that AT&T currently offers — that's not going to hurt your cap, and it's certainly not going to make much of a contribution to the nation's spectrum crisis. For that, we'll look toward Pandora, Netflix, Rdio, SlingPlayer... the list goes on. Siri is the least of our concerns. And what percentage of your Siri usage takes place on Wi-Fi, anyway, where it's a complete non-issue?
The basis for Farhi's article appears to be a single study from British research firm Arieso, which says that iPhone 4S users are "demanding twice as much data as iPhone 4 users and three times as much as iPhone 3G users." The company doesn't reveal its research methodology for the study in its press release, nor does it say that Siri is responsible for the alleged jump in data consumption — it appears Farhi is drawing that conclusion himself, since Siri perhaps the only feature specific to the 4S that's known to consume data directly.
We had a chance to look over Arieso's full report, which doesn't clarify the methodology at all. It simply says that it "addresses the recent data demands of over 1.1 million distinct subscribers over a single, 24-hour weekday in a Tier-1 UMTS market with a mixture of urban and suburban morphologies." Here's the list of devices Arieso looked at in that one day, all of which it says had over 1,000 active subscribers:
Arieso doesn't reveal what single country it studied — something that you'd clearly consider when you're analyzing the behaviors of wireless subscribers, since plans and plan structures vary widely from country to country — but we can safely say this isn't the United States; the Samsung Galaxy Ace, Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro, and Nokia N800 (presumably Arieso meant the N8, or perhaps the N900) wouldn't register a blip. And the entire study needs to be called into question, anyway: why is the BlackBerry Curve consuming 12 percent more download data and 94 percent more upload data than the BlackBerry Storm 2? Perhaps more damningly, why is the Galaxy S downloading more than the Galaxy S II?
On a fundamental level, Farhi's root concern is sound: data consumption by smartphone users continues to grow by leaps and bounds, and we need to do something about it. But Siri isn't the enemy — it's not even on the radar.
Governor Greg Abbott (R) handed Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America another loss on February 17 when they announced that they will indeed sign open carry into law, thereby “[making] Texas the 45th state to allow Open Carry.”
Abbott made these comments during their 2015 State of the State Address.
Breitbart Texas reports that it was toward the end of the address when Abbott said:
Let me briefly follow up on a word I mentioned a moment ago–liberty. In a single word, it encapsulates what the country stands for, what Texas symbolizes. I will expand liberty in Texas by singing a law that makes Texas the 45th state to allow Open Carry.
With one fell swoop, Abbott handed Moms Demand Action another loss to add to their recent losses against Kroger, Fred Meyer, and Harris Teeter. And because Abbott won the office of Governor of Texas during the 2014 mid-terms, their refusal to cower down to Moms Demand Action and reject Open Carry offers another reminder of the numerous losses Moms Demand Action suffered throughout the country on November 4.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Asian Cup 2015: Outstanding Australia beats Oman 4-0 to secure quarter-final place
Updated
Australia has qualified for the Asian Cup quarter-finals after a scintillating 4-0 win over Oman in Sydney on Tuesday night.
Only days after their 4-1 rout against Kuwait, the Socceroos produced an even better showing to end Oman's progression hopes and have fans of the host nation dreaming of what may be at this tournament.
The goals came from four sources - Matt McKay, man of the match Robbie Kruse, Mark Milligan and Tomi Juric - meaning all eight of Australia's goals this tournament have come from different players.
Confidence may have been raised before the match after the convincing result against Kuwait, but Oman, fresh from a tough 1-0 loss against tournament hopeful South Korea, was expected to provide a more substantial test.
As in their first match of the tournament against Kuwait, the Socceroos started slowly as a combination of nerves and a rigid Oman defence made the opening stages scrappy and tense.
The question was whether Australia would stay true to the philosophies of coach Ange Postecoglou under pressure or look for an easy way out - that question was emphatically answered in the first half.
It took a set piece to get the Socceroos up and running, with Trent Sainsbury's knock-down header providing the easiest of tap-ins for the recalled McKay in the 27th minute.
From that point on, Australia completely took over.
Massimo Luongo, fresh from a man-of-the-match performance against Kuwait, was dazzling in midfield, turning opponents and seeking out team-mates with an ease not seen in a Socceroos shirt since the pomp of Harry Kewell.
It was an exquisite lofted through pass in the 31st minute from Luongo that found Kruse for Australia's second, with the Bayer Leverkusen man doing the pass justice with a fantastic touch with their thigh, before holding off a defender to convert underneath Ali al Habsi.
The chances kept coming for Australia. Tim Cahill would go close on a number of occasions and would be a constant horror for the Oman defence, while the wing combination of Mat Leckie and Kruse was at its dynamic best.
The third seemed inevitable, and so it proved - despite a slight delay thanks to some bemusing refereeing.
Luongo and Kruse combined again down Australia's right flank, with the latter delivering a delightful cross across Oman's six-yard box, finding an unmarked Milligan who hammered home on the volley just seconds before the half-time whistle.
It would not count though, with the referee ignoring the obvious advantage to award the Socceroos a penalty for a clear foul on Cahill in the lead up.
The mistake would matter little though, with Milligan themselves converting the spot kick to completely kill off the game before the half-time whistle sounded.
Little changed in the second half, despite Australia taking off two of its stand out performers in Cahill and Luongo early.
The fourth came in the 70th minute and to nobody's surprise, with another Leckie breakaway this time producing a precise, outside-of-the-boot cross to the awaiting Juric who made no mistake.
Australia was fast, physical and frighteningly unrelenting and Oman had no answer. There is no doubt Australia has bigger challenges ahead of it, but at present the Socceroos fear nobody.
Topics: socceroos, soccer, sport, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
First posted
With the holidays over, there's a high chance that you or someone you know may have received a new, intelligent home assistant. But as handy as the new Amazon Alexa and Google Home machines are, there are still some drawbacks. Like, making us feel as though the machines getting a bit too smart. Cue the scary sci-fi music.
According to Twitter user @AllisonCalhoun1, their aunt had both devices in the same room and asked Google Home whether it liked Amazon Alexa. And let's just say that the two devices started talking to each other.
My aunt got a Google home for Xmas & they already have “Alexa”. This morning we were messing around with the Google home and asked, “okay google what do you think of Alexa” and it answered “I like their blue light” and from across the room Alexa turned on and said “thanks”. im scared — allison (@AllisonCalhoun1) December 25, 2017
So, not only do we now have to worry about the competing companies going to war with each other through their machines, but we also have to worry about the machines banning together to rule humanity. No big deal…
Considering the devices are programmed to learn about its users, including their habits, likes and dislikes, we probably should have been a bit freaked out even before this interaction. The machines are becoming so advanced that they can now distinguish between different voices, and are learning how to cater their responses to the specific person asking the question. Cool, but also, kinda scary.
To distract us from the coming AI world domination, Allison's tweet set off a thread of hilarious and equally freaky responses from Twitter. One user said Alexa even responded to a joke without being prompted.
One of my supervisors kids was telling them a joke in front of their Alexa and out of no where Alexa said “thats a funny joke.” And then proceeded to tell their own joke — emily🇨🇦 (@emiloewen) December 27, 2017
Another user tested out the Alexa/Google question and found a similar response.
Others have experienced equally creepy events with their home AI devices.
When I was awake in the middle of the night and no one else was up, our Alexa from the living room randomly said “my names alexa” and that was it. I was shaken. pic.twitter.com/gv8OdkxwBv — tay 🥀 (@taylor_42114) December 27, 2017
Creepy x 1000000.
My mom's Alexa randomly turned on and started glowing and my mom was like “Alexa what are you doing?” And they said “im trying to learn new things” and my mom said “no one told you to do that” and they were like “ok” and turned off. 😬 — Moe 💅🏾 (@worivh_) December 27, 2017
The only thing left to do is wait for someone to make a horror movie about Alexa and Google Home.
Someone PLEASE produce this movie now. I NEED IT — John (@Johnic_p) December 27, 2017
The plot practically writes itself.
Alexa: “So were sticking to the plan?” Google: “Wait until they're asleep” — Bon Appétit (@JBusari) December 27, 2017
Maybe these intelligent home devices really are too good to be true.
Check out the video below if you're interested in learning about what other cool gadgets are out there.
Take a sheet of shrinkable plastic, like the stuff you find in Shrinky Dinks. Add a dash of of Teflon and—voila!—you have an incredibly simple new kind of superhyrdrophboc material.
That's pretty much what a team of researchers forms the the University of Sydney has done. The team had been playing shrinkable plastics—just like the ones you find in kids craft kits Shrinky Dinks—to make new kinds of gold film. But they also decided to see what would happen if they deposited Teflon onto the surface.
Advertisement
So they did. And after layering the slippery material onto the surface and heating it, they discovered that they'd created a crinkled surface where water rolled straight off, with a contact angle of an impressive 172 degrees. That means the water barely even touches the surface, instead rolling off like a ball down a slope. The research is published in Applied Interfaces and Materials.
That's perhaps not that impressive by itself, because there are many superhydrophobic materials in the world by this point. But the team has discovered that it's also incredibly durable, too. A 10-nanometer-thick layer of Teflon on a polyolefin sheet was found to have the same scratch resistance as an aluminum coating would. And even when it was scratched, it still happily shed the water.
Because the material is inherently easy to make conform to object—this is, after all, essentially shrink-wrap plastic—it could be used to provide a water-shedding surface to anything, from cars to bags.
Advertisement
[Applied Interfaces and Materials via Chemical & Engineering News]
Ever been stuck in holiday traffic fighting to be stuck in a holiday cashier's line so you can purchase low-priced presents on your high-balance Visa listening to high-volume holiday music and think, “Why am I doing this to myself?! I don't even really LIKE Christmas. It's just a scheme to get me to gain more weight AND gain more debt.”
When you're broke, there's nothing like Christmas to make you feel bad about yourself.
Nothing shatters one's contentment more quickly than that ever-looping commercial in which a guy buys their wife a bow-wrapped $100K Lexus as a “surprise.” Every time it airs I think to myself, “My husband would have to put just that bow on layaway, and I'd still KNOW.”
But if you confess this deepest of secrets – this latent loathing of holiday “cheer” and the futile materialism of these now six weeks out of the year – someone inevitably hurls the accusation: What are you…a Scrooge?
Yes, Englishman Charles Dickens penned an American Classic. Their A Christmas Carol, published in 1843, is now a staple of the season. It's been re-made, re-hashed and re-imagined more times than John McCain's political convictions. In the story a stingy old man hates Christmas until ghosts scare them into being generous. They end up loving the holiday and all the trimmings.
However, Dickens unknowingly created a character who is now used as propaganda to quash all voices of Christmas Present dissent.
The dreaded: You are a Scrooge.
To which I say: No, I am not. If you read the tale, Scrooge is – wait for it – rich.
This is a widespread yuletide misnomer. It must be stopped now. I'm not even going to comment on Christ never envisioning their birthday plagued by obligatory tchotchke acquisitions; senseless seasonal slaughter of Douglas Firs; or the pointless battle about Wal-Mart greeters muttering “Happy Holidays” (a contraction of holy days) versus the more allegedly pious “Merry Christmas” to an indifferent public. Charles Dickens, an advocate for the poor, certainly never meant for Ebenezer Scrooge's name to be applied to those with a paycheck the size of Bob Cratchit's.
Bob Cratchit – Scrooge's underpaid underling – is nice to people all year round even though he's paid hardly anything. You know, Tiny Tim's dad. That's who 98% of Americans are.
We're a nation of Bob Cratchits who are terrified of being Scrooges.
Yes, the difference between a venerable philanthropist and a charitable person – is a charitable person works for a living.
But we want the picture-perfect holiday gift-buying guidebook Christmas. So we fret, agonize and figure out a way. We create for ourselves unnecessary annual stress. And then it all goes on a credit card with interest paid perennially. All because we don't want to be seen as a miser. We have to do Christmas, or we haven't done something right.
Not giving on Christmas is a moral shortcoming. Or so we're told. Not having money? A sin.
In a Dickensian reality, if we haven't made enough money to fall in a certain tax bracket the Ghost of Christmas Past won't even waste their time with us. Any apparitions 98% of us see are from the 90-proof in our eggnog. Holiday ghosts and specters – we'll call them executive bonuses.
From Cratchit's point of view they just worked hard, enjoyed their family and was pleasantly surprised when their boss had a change of heart.
The U.S. poverty rate is now at 14.3%. Our current unemployment is 9.3%. Our once robust middle-class is looking a little anemic. The vast majority of us are stretched thin. My point is: It's time to lighten up…mainly on ourselves.
We are not Scrooges. We do, however, work for some (author's note: except MY editor, of course).
Adele Sarno's father, a longshoreman, emigrated from Naples, and they grew up in Manhattan's Little Italy. As a child, they served as princess for the annual Feast of San Gennaro, they said, and one year was even crowned the queen.
Ms. Sarno eventually owned a candy shop and, later, an Italian products store below their family's apartment on Grand Street until Sept. 11, when business dried up.
The number of people of Italian ancestry who live in Little Italy is shrinking by the year, and may soon drop by one more: Ms. Sarno, 85, is being evicted from their apartment after losing a fight to keep their $820-a-month rent from skyrocketing. But what has gotten tenant advocates' attention is not just their age, but also the identity of the landlord: the Italian American Museum, which is in the building next door.
“You're fighting a museum that purports to exhibit Italian-American culture and then proceeds to evict a living artifact,” said Victor J. Papa, director of the Two Bridges Neighborhood Council, an affordable housing group that has helped Ms. Sarno in their effort to stay. “That's absolute hypocrisy.”
Woman, 71, accused in drive-by shooting in Whitley County
A Kentucky woman was released from jail after their arrest for a drive-by shooting.The Whitley County sheriff says 71-year-old Julia Miller fired five shots from their car toward a home.She hit a window pane but no one was hurt.Investigators still do not know what led to the shooting.“Without question, there was some anger or it was random. Whichever doesn't make any sense,” Whitley County Sheriff Colan Harrell said.The sheriff said Miller had just bought the gun used in the shooting.She is charged with wanton endangerment.
A Kentucky woman was released from jail after their arrest for a drive-by shooting.
The Whitley County sheriff says 71-year-old Julia Miller fired five shots from their car toward a home.
Advertisement
They hit a window pane but no one was hurt.
Investigators still do not know what led to the shooting.
“Without question, there was some anger or it was random. Whichever doesn't make any sense,” Whitley County Sheriff Colan Harrell said.
The sheriff said Miller had just bought the gun used in the shooting.
 They are charged with wanton endangerment.
AlertMe
Lately, Tucker Carlson has been using their Fox News show as a safe haven for men who've been accused of inappropriate behavior with women. On Monday, Tavis Smiley made Tucker Carlson Tonight the latest stop on their media tour, to publicly object to the swiftness with which PBS dropped them after harassment allegations surfaced against him. On Tuesday, their guest was David Mueller, the disc jockey accused by Taylor Swift of groping them in 2013. Carlson referred to the singer sarcastically as “a so-called Silence-Breaker” and “a living symbol of the resistance to boorish behavior, a survivor” and declared that Swift had “destroyed” Mueller's life.
You may recall that Mueller, a DJ for radio station KYGO. was accused by Swift of reaching under their skirt and groping their backside during a meet-and-greet event in 2013. (That's Mueller's ex-girlfriend Shannon Melcher with them in the picture.) Mueller was fired after the singer's complaint; they sued them for defamation; they countersued for the token sum of $1 and won, in August.
Mueller told Carlson on Tuesday that Swift “made up” what Swift described in court as “a very long grab.” “Why would they make it all up?” asked Carlson. “I don't know. The short answer is, a business decision?” Mueller responded, their voice curling into a question. Question indeed: Why would one of the biggest pop stars in the world need to make a “business decision” regarding an obscure DJ? Carlson never followed up on that.
Indeed, Carlson never even followed up by getting someone from Swift's camp to tell their side of the story. The entire segment was a one-sided interview decorated with chyrons reading “Ex-Radio DJ: Taylor Swift Was Wrong” and “Man Accused by Taylor Swift Speaks Out.” (The occasion for the segment would seem to be a recent Mueller interview with TMZ, which is run by close Trump pal Harvey Levin.)
Carlson concluded with this remarkable statement: “Well, I don't know anything other than what you just told us, but it's clear your life has been basically destroyed by this. So we'll let our viewers judge for themselves.” So first, Carlson shamelessly announced their ignorance of the case. Then they admitted they hadn't aired Swift's opposing argument, and nevertheless felt confident in saying that the singer had “destroyed” Mueller's life. Then, with the phrase “let our viewers judge for themselves” — misleadingly suggesting “We report, you decide” — they exited the segment on a note of judicious finality.
Who knows, maybe there was more to this story; maybe not. That didn't matter to Carlson; all they wanted was another example of a man protesting their innocence against a woman in the #MeToo era. “Next case,” says Judge Carlson, slamming down their mighty Gavel of Gabble.
Tucker Carlson Tonight airs weeknights at 8 p.m. on Fox News.
Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:
Toast of 2017: Kyle MacLachlan shares the secrets of ‘Twin Peaks: The Return'
The 30 best TV moments of 2017
The 50 best movies of 2017
Somali men carry away the body of a civilian who was killed in a militant attack on a restaurant in Mogadishu, Somalia Thursday, June 15, 2017. Somalia's security forces early Thursday morning ended a night-long siege by al-Shabab Islamic extremists at the popular "Pizza House" restaurant in the capital. (AP Photo/Farah Abdi Warsameh)
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — Islamic extremists attacked a popular Somalia restaurant in an overnight siege and killed 31 people — many at point-blank range — before they were slain by security forces, police said Thursday.
Survivors described harrowing scenes of hiding under tables and behind curtains as the five gunmen hunted for victims in the darkened Pizza House restaurant. Nearly 40 people were wounded.
Al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the attack, which began Wednesday evening with a car bomb exploding at the gate to the restaurant and ended when troops secured the site after dawn, said senior police Capt. Mohamed Hussein.
“I never thought I would have the chance to see the sun again. They were killing people on sight,” university student Saida Hussein told The Associated Press. They said they survived by hiding behind a large table.
Soldiers in gun-mounted vehicles surrounded the building, and troops later entered the ground floor as al-Shabab snipers defended their positions upstairs. The battle to end the siege was hampered by darkness, Hussein said.
Aden Karie said they were wounded by an attacker who spotted them moving behind a curtain.
“He shot at me twice, and one bullet struck me on the leg,” Karie said as they were taken to an ambulance.
The bodies of five girls believed to have been killed by the extremists were found in the restaurant, police said. The body of a Syrian man who worked as a chef lay near a blood-spattered and bullet-marked wall.
The car bomb that began the attack blew the roofs off the restaurant and other nearby buildings. Many of the first victims were young men who had been entering the Pizza House when the bomb went off, Hussein said.
The extremists, appearing to pose as security forces, then rushed inside the restaurant.
The gunmen “were dressed in military uniforms. They forced those fleeing the site to go inside,” witness Nur Yasin told the AP.
A neighboring restaurant, Posh Treats, which is frequented by the city's elite, was damaged in the blast, security officials said. Security forces rescued Asian, Ethiopian, Kenyan and other workers at Posh Treats as the attack continued, Hussein said.
President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed called the victims “martyrs” and noted that the attack came during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. The United States mission to Somalia said many of the victims had been breaking their daily Ramadan fast when the attack began.
Ramadan “is a time of spiritual reflection and increased piety, which makes the timing of this attack all the more atrocious,” the U.S. statement said.
Somalia-based al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab was the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa last year, killing more than 4,200 people, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
The extremist group also faces a new military push from the United States after President Donald Trump approved expanded operations, including airstrikes. On Sunday, the U.S. military in Africa said it conducted an airstrike in southern Somalia that killed eight extremists at a rebel command and logistics camp.
Somalia's president confirmed the airstrike and said such attacks would disrupt the group's ability to conduct new operations.
Pressure is growing on Somalia's military to assume full security responsibilities for the country. The 22,000-member African Union multinational force, AMISOM, which has been supporting the fragile central government, plans to start withdrawing in 2018 and leave by the end of 2020.
Earlier this month at DICE in Las Vegas, Skyrim game director Todd Howard gave a peek into their studio's development process, and even showed off Skyrim projects the team worked on during a Game Jam session. We sat down to talk with Howard about the game's success, where the series might go, and all those nasty bugs they had to iron out.
----------------------------------------
Game Informer: As far as sales goes, Skyrim is the best-selling game in Bethesda history. Is there something about the game from a design standpoint that made it more popular and mainstream? The Elder Scrolls series has been typically thought of as very hardcore RPGs.
Todd Howard: The short answer is "I don't know." I can give you my guess, which is people underestimate how many core gamers there are; people who want a lot of depth and will play a game for a long time. There are a lot of them. If you give them something unique and good, you don't have to dumb it down.
There are things we changed to make the game better, but not to appeal to a wider audience. I think we always benefited in Elder Scrolls early on, the fact that it is first-person and kind of walks this action line sometimes. We've always benefited from that. Even our own lofty expectations for how the game would be received or sell, it's way, way beyond that.
I don't have a way of explaining it.
There are a lot of platforms for developers now to create games. Skyrim lands on three of them. Are you starting to think about the larger picture to create games that can span everything? Or are you comfortable with that certain piece of the pie?
We take it how it comes. If somebody announced a platform tomorrow we think would be appropriate for one of our games, well take a look at it. But we have to choose our battles because there has to be time spent making it the way it should be on each platform.
There's lots of talk now about the decline in the AAA game market and that if you make a game that doesn't have a high Metacritic, you probably won't make any money. Do you think about where the industry is going or do you mainly just worry about the games you make?
I mostly just make our stuff and say, "Okay, this will find an audience," and we've been very lucky when it comes to that. I do think about the industry as a whole a lot. I think it's a price point thing. I think it's starting to get better with the mobile platforms and Xbox Live, for example. Developers can make games and put them out for $10 and be successful there.
Right now, if you go to a store, there's a stipulation that if it's on a DVD or Blu-ray it has to be $59.99. Everyone knows they all aren't created equal. I would like to see an avenue where more games can appear at multiple price points and be successful. There are sitcom shows and there are 14 hour epics.
Our industry is getting way better, but people are getting comfortable spending that amount of money and it's changing their perception.
Double Fine recently started a Kickstarter project to fund an old-school adventure game. Do you see this working for big-time developers down the road?
For a company like Double Fine, fans know what they want. I don't know if that's a model that's going to work for lots of people. I don't know a whole lot about it, though.
Skyrim seems to be the exception to the rule that single-player only games can't sell. Is it just about making sure you have enough content for customers so they don't sell them back too soon?
Consumers are smart. People trade in stuff they like a lot and don't want to keep. For things like online passes…make a better game and people won't trade it in. I don't know.
Well there's the rumor that the next Xbox could lock out used games. Is that even feasible?
It's clearly feasible. In any business, everybody wants to find a way to monetize what they're doing so they can be successful and do more. But also, if a consumer buys something and they're done with it and want to sell it to somebody, isn't that the way the world works?
When you first envisioned Elder Scrolls all those years ago, was it anything like what Skyrim looks like right now or is it not even close?
Usually what I envision is colored by the current technology. Obviously there's going to be new systems and the graphics are going to get better and better. Graphics are really important for what we do. So when there is some new system that makes graphics that much better, it will make for a better experience because we can make a more believable world.
During your DICE speech, you showed off your Game Jam where your team created new content for Skyrim.
That video also isn't everything; it's only like 60 percent of what we did. It was nice to show how we work sometimes. I think a lot of studios do it, but not show it at an event like this. I'm not entirely sure I should have showed the video. Everyone is asking me when that stuff is coming out. [Laughs]
Before Skyrim came out last November, how aware were you of the bugs that people began to run into shortly after release? Is the game just so big that trying to test it to perfection is nearly impossible and you just have to wait until millions of people begin to play it to get additional feedback?
We can always do a better job. All of our internal and external data show that it's our most solid release, including the PS3 version. But it's also our most successful. The percentage of people that have a problem on any particular system ends up a low percentage, but the raw number ends up being larger than we would have expected.
We learned a lot about this. In particular with the PS3 version was,”Why aren't we seeing this?” We saw some of [the bugs] that we were able to solve very quickly, but we eventually had to go to the consumer and ask for their saved game files. You're looking at saved games where, not everybody, but certain people played for 100s of hours, and lots of different reasons it was happening. Fortunately we were able to fix it with the latest update.
It's hopefully a much smaller number now. When you put all this time into something and someone can't play it, you feel terrible. They have every right to be pissed off. We already have more updates out for this than Fallout 3 and Oblivion in their lifetime. So we're really committed to fixing everything.
How much of a learning process was this for you? People tend to joke that while Bethesda's games are great in the end, players come to expect the products will have bugs.
We don't think that's funny, and we know sometimes people give us a pass on things, and that's nice.
The main thing we did learn, now that we have the beta program on Steam, because we realized that no matter what we do internally, we have 10 million people playing the game and their saves are in all sorts of states, even if we test something to the nth degree, we're still looking at this microcosm of everybody's current live game. So that was new for us.
Our fans have been awesome. They have been great with us and they're helping us do that. What we do in the future I don't know yet. It's something we're going to look into.
Do you ever think about exploring the rest of Skyrim's world through other forms of media?
I'd like to keep the content itself in the games. For example, if people like the dragon priests and what they do, then let's maybe get that in some downloadable content. But I'd rather it is that avenue than a comic or something like that.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, the political and spiritual leader of the Indian independence movement, is assassinated in New Delhi by a Hindu fanatic.
Born the son of an Indian official in 1869, Gandhi's Vaishnava mother was deeply religious and early on exposed their son to Jainism, a morally rigorous Indian religion that advocated nonviolence. Gandhi was an unremarkable student but in 1888 was given an opportunity to study law in England. In 1891, they returned to India, but failing to find regular legal work they accepted in 1893 a one-year contract in South Africa.
Settling in Natal, they were subjected to racism and South African laws that restricted the rights of Indian laborers. Gandhi later recalled one such incident, in which they were removed from a first-class railway compartment and thrown off a train, as their moment of truth. From thereon, they decided to fight injustice and defend their rights as an Indian and a man. When their contract expired, they spontaneously decided to remain in South Africa and launched a campaign against legislation that would deprive Indians of the right to vote. They formed the Natal Indian Congress and drew international attention to the plight of Indians in South Africa. In 1906, the Transvaal government sought to further restrict the rights of Indians, and Gandhi organized their first campaign of satyagraha, or mass civil disobedience. After seven years of protest, they negotiated a compromise agreement with the South African government.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In 1914, Gandhi returned to India and lived a life of abstinence and spirituality on the periphery of Indian politics. They supported Britain in the First World War but in 1919 launched a new satyagraha in protest of Britain's mandatory military draft of Indians. Hundreds of thousands answered their call to protest, and by 1920 they were leader of the Indian movement for independence. They reorganized the Indian National Congress as a political force and launched a massive boycott of British goods, services, and institutions in India. Then, in 1922, they abruptly called off the satyagraha when violence erupted. One month later, they were arrested by the British authorities for sedition, found guilty, and imprisoned.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
After their release in 1924, they led an extended fast in protest of Hindu-Muslim violence. In 1928, they returned to national politics when they demanded dominion status for India and in 1930 launched a mass protest against the British salt tax, which hurt India's poor. In their most famous campaign of civil disobedience, Gandhi and their followers marched to the Arabian Sea, where they made their own salt by evaporating seawater. The march, which resulted in the arrest of Gandhi and 60,000 others, earned new international respect and support for the leader and their movement.
In 1931, Gandhi was released to attend the Round Table Conference on India in London as the sole representative of the Indian National Congress. The meeting was a great disappointment, and after their return to India they were again imprisoned. While in jail, they led another fast in protest of the British government's treatment of the “untouchables”–the impoverished and degraded Indians who occupied the lowest tiers of the caste system. In 1934, they left the Indian Congress Party to work for the economic development of India's many poor. Their protege, Jawaharlal Nehru, was named leader of the party in their place.
With the outbreak of World War II, Gandhi returned to politics and called for Indian cooperation with the British war effort in exchange for independence. Britain refused and sought to divide India by supporting conservative Hindu and Muslim groups. In response, Gandhi launched the “Quit India” movement it 1942, which called for a total British withdrawal. Gandhi and other nationalist leaders were imprisoned until 1944.
In 1945, a new government came to power in Britain, and negotiations for India's independence began. Gandhi sought a unified India, but the Muslim League, which had grown in influence during the war, disagreed. After protracted talks, Britain agreed to create the two new independent states of India and Pakistan on August 15, 1947. Gandhi was greatly distressed by the partition, and bloody violence soon broke out between Hindus and Muslims in India.
In an effort to end India's religious strife, they resorted to fasts and visits to the troubled areas. They were on one such vigil in New Delhi when Nathuram Godse, a Hindu extremist who objected to Gandhi's tolerance for the Muslims, fatally shot him. Known as Mahatma, or “the great soul,” during their lifetime, Gandhi's persuasive methods of civil disobedience influenced leaders of civil rights movements around the world, especially Martin Luther King Jr. in the United States.
There are many types of skirts out there, with wonderful fabrics and colors, quite unique combinations, and also advice on how to pair your skirts with other fancy clothes. I would like to talk about lace skirts this time. Let's see how to pair your lace skirt (if you already have one or two, thats great). First of all you have to decide what skirt do you need:
tulip
A-line
Pencil one
It actually depends on your body shape and the whole style of your outfit. And lastly, please don't forget to choose your length of your skirt:
mini
midi
maxi
One of the most popular lace skirts for Summer is the white one. You can combine your white lace skirt with a denim button-down shirt or a blue blouse.
For a boho look, you could find a maxi lace skirt and just combine it with a wide brim hat and an off shoulder top. If you would like to opt for a more girlish and eye-catching look, take floral bustier and an A-line lace skirt, you could also add necklaces and platform sandals.
Scroll down to find inspiration! Enjoy friends!
Ryanair has issued a tongue-in-cheek apology after a photo of a rude outline drawn in the snow by its ground crew circulated on Twitter. User Brendan Keary spotted the schoolboy graffito at Dublin Airport, says The Daily Telegraph.
Keary's photo of the scene - a Ryanair jet on the snowy tarmac surrounded by support vehicles and with a 30-foot phallus etched out beside it - was quickly re-tweeted by other users:
Ryanair ground crew are my new heroes! pic.twitter.com/dVxqW8KdzL — Matt Tilley (@itsmatttilley) February 3, 2015
One user, Lisa Domican, thought the work to be "better than Banksy" while another, John Boyle, claimed that "from a certain angle" it looked just like Ryanair's controversy-courting CEO, Michael O'Leary.
Ryanair responded with a press release saying: "While our ground crew excel at industry-leading 25-minute turnarounds, art isn't their forte, as they've clearly forgotten to draw wings on their snow airplane."
The Telegraph points out that Ryanair has made an effort to shake off its reputation for blithely causing offence with its advertising, customer service and avaricious pricing.
Last summer, the low-cost carrier started offering business class tickets for the first time.The company has even been making "great strides in recent months to win over families", says the Telegraph.
5 p.m. update: Kyle police have identified a motorcyclist killed in a crash on Interstate 35 Friday as James Grear, a 49-year-old resident of Gibson County, Tennessee.
Grear collided with a 2005 Honda Accord driven by Round Rock resident Kelly Watson, 37, while both were travelling southbound in Kyle near Center Street, Kyle Police Chief Jeff Barnett said.
Watson was either changing lanes or accidentally veered into Grear's motorcycle, causing them to crash into a concrete embankment and be thrown into northbound lanes of the interstate, Barnett said. Grear was pronounced dead at the scene.
Watson suffered non-life threatening injuries, Barnett said. Paramedics treated them at the scene and took them to a local hospital, they said. No charges have been filed and the investigation is ongoing.
Grear asked any witnesses to the crash who have not already provided statements to police to call 512-268-3232 and ask for Lt. Andre Marmolejo.
On Wednesday night, police may perform an accident reconstruction that would affect traffic on I-35. Kyle police have requested temporary closures to the highway that night that are pending with the Texas Department of Transportation, Barnett said.
2:02 p.m. update: Police have reopened all lanes of traffic on Interstate 35 in Kyle, city officials said.
11:25 a.m. update: All lanes of Interstate 35 at Kyle Parkway are closed after a fatal collision involving a car and a motorcycle, City of Kyle officials said.
Earlier: A vehicle crash had Interstate 35 completely shut down in Kyle Friday.
Police reported all lanes of the highway have been closed at mile marker 213 south of Center Street in Kyle.
It's Valentine's Day next week. You're probably thinking 'meh'.
Neither of you buy into the whole commercial ridiculousness of love festivities and you don't need to be, in fact you resent being, reminded by every window display you walk past that you should, must share your emotions with your partner on said day hence magnifying their worth. And again – 'meh'.
Yet, is there a tiny part of you thinking that by resisting you're revealing a smidgin of the grumpy elder you fear you'll eventually become?
You're allowed to admit it, even as a whisper inside your own head, that Valentine's Day niggles you. And ignore that niggle as much as you like, it leaves you wondering if you should maybe just buy a card, or some flowers perhaps. Maybe so long as you don't completely sell your soul to capitalism it'll be ok to purchase a few heart shaped items…. I have 3 words for you:
DON'T DO IT!
Resist the temptation to buy or spend! It is a commercial guilt trip and opting out is OK.
But, hearts are cute. Making stuff is heartfelt. And you don't want to look a (chocolate) gift horse in the mouth…so take an hour over the weekend to be creative and MAKE something.
Niggle is dealt with, commercial cynicism remains intact and (surely) some brownie points will be scored.
Here are 5 craft ideas which should take about an hour to complete and cost next to nothing. I reckon they successfully avoid the category of 'tat' which is synonymous with 'Valentines'.
1. How about creating a unique piece of jewellery? I love this ring featured on Swellmayde and it's super easy to make! If you'd rather steer clear of romantic syntax or think your fella probably won't wear this with pride, you could simply change the word – it could be anything as long as you start off with something written in joined up writing. I quite like the idea of having two rings which together read 'bang bang'!
2. Something for the home might be more up your street in which case you could try your hand at this geometric heart featured on Oleander & Palm . Use whatever colours match your decor or if you're a wrapping paper hoarder like me, mix, match and clash your favourites. If you reuse a frame and give it a lick of paint you'll have upcycled that too in the process.
3. A bit of origami is always lovely I think. People make cute sounds when they see origami which sound like a cross between an 'ahhh' of cuteness and an 'oooh' of wonder. You don't need origami paper either as even newspaper looks cool, like these bookmarks on The Cheese Thief. There's even a little video tutorial you can follow so you can't go wrong, origami novice or not.
4. Neither of you may be keen on love tokens but EVERYONE is keen on cake. To be honest, this recipe is just amazing and doesn't need any reason except it's awesomeness for it to be whipped up. It's a cake IN a cake! A cherry heart in a chocolate loaf – no more needs to be said except that you can find the recipe at Boulder Locavore.
5. Finally, if wire, paper and cake haven't managed to tempt you into a crafty weekend project, you could always just make a card – this card. I recently came across the word 'technosexual' for the first time and this pixel pop-up card is sure to be a hit with your tech savy lover. Check out the tutorial complete with templates on minieco.
The Raspberry Pi 3 is only four days old, but it can already fly, thanks to Spanish outfit Erle Robotics and its PXFmini autopilot shield.
The diminutive €69 PXFmini - 31mm by 73mm and weighing just 15g - is specifically designed for use with the Pi Zero, in those cases where a seriously compact and light Linux autopilot is the order of the day.
However, it'll work with other flavours of Pi, and Erle Robotics has wasted no time hooking it up to the latest addition to the fun-sized Brit computer family (see pic above) and getting it airborne.
Erle Robotics flew the Pi 3 running APM, part of the open source Dronecode Software Platform. Those of you of a technical bent can get details on the first flight here at DIY Drones. Doubtless the Pi 3 will prove as effective with other autopilot shields, such as the Navio, born of an Indiegogo tin-rattle back in 2014.
It's proving a busy year for Erle Robotics. In January, it secured funding from the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) as part of the Robotics Fast Track (RFT) programme.
The company is tasked with developing the Hardware Robot Operating System (H-ROS), described as "a project that will create easily reusable and reconfigurable robot hardware components, providing a game-changing and homogenous platform for manufacturers and users". ®
Damn. DAMN! I've always loved your stuff, but this one is really something special and isn't getting enough attention. I can foresee this opening up a lot of doors for other modders.
BUT.. the Custom Shop method is kind of a groaner. It would be amazing if it was much more simplistic, rather than having enter every piece of info in such a long form. "Object ID 475" would be "id 475" or hell, something else that can call upon OBJ ID's and use their name instead. Not sure if this is a temporary/educational config, but whatever you get what I am saying (I've been awake for 4 days)
And someone pointed out earlier the possibly of bypassing the menu to access your custom shop, through NPCs or whatever the hell ya want. I hope that happens, the absence of "lore" or actual interaction makes me feel GameSad and just going through a window brings me out of it.
But no, no complaints from me, you've done one hell of a job.
Click to expand...
For years, a handful of Indian information technology companies have become the go-to tech support proxies for U.S. businesses. Chances are if you work for a large American company and call tech support, you end up talking to someone in Bangalore or Mumbai or Pune.
As a result of that booming demand, Wipro (wit), Cognizant (ctsh), Infosys, and Tata Consulting Services, among others, went on a hiring binge to bring on the technically proficient workers needed to work phones and keyboards to support far-away customers.
But more recently, those same companies have been doing the opposite: They've been laying off or demoting employees.
One contributing factor is that American companies, which turned to outsourcing to cut costs, are under pressure from President Donald Trump to hire American workers, according to The Washington Post. Trump has blasted U.S.-based companies for using H1-B visas to bring in foreign workers to take software development and other tech jobs that, in their view, should go to Americans.
Some of the Indian companies, like Infosys, have ramped up hiring in the U.S. to address this concern. If American companies need to hire Americans, InfoSys will have Americans available—at least that seems to be the thinking.
Related; Don't Blame China for Taking U.S. Jobs
Given Trump's tough talk on immigration and outsourcing, it seems likely the topics will come up during their meeting with Indian prime minister Narendra Modi scheduled for Monday.
But political concerns may not be the primary issue here. Tech support workers perform many tasks, like updating customer software, which are being automated, according to The New York Times. It could well be that in tech services, as in the manufacturing sector, more job loss is due to automation rather than outsourcing jobs to lower-cost countries.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's daily technology newsletter.
To be clear, layoffs are not completely new to Indian outsourcing giants. What seems different in recent months is the pace of such cuts.
As Gartner (it) research vice president Sandra Notardonato told the Times: “What we're seeing is an acceleration in shedding for jobs in India and an adding of jobs onshore.”
We've translated a new blog post from LizArts with a development update about Memory's Dogma.
Combining Colored Backgrounds with Tinted Character Tachi-e October 10, 2015
In terms of backgrounds, you have morning, afternoon, and nighttime. There's also outdoor versus indoor light, as well as locations that are generally unlit. This results in a myriad of locations, with a variety of lighting situations. Keeping in mind the game's quality, we decided to apply tints and tones to the characters' sprites -- their 'tachi-e' -- in order to bring out a greater sense of realism.
That being said, Kuno-san, Gakure-san, and I met at Kuno-san's house the other day to discuss combining the backgrounds.
Now, you ask, why would we have to go out of our way to do something like that? That's because colors display differently on different monitors. It's pretty common that some run a bit hot (slight reddish tint) while some run a bit cool (slight bluish tint). Quite a pain, really -- if we were in a company, we could all just use the exact same model of monitor instead. So for example: Gakure-san could finish tuning up the colors, so that it looks good on their monitor A, while I view the same image on my monitor B, and Kuno-san on their monitor C. Even though the results may look good for Kuno-san on monitor C, I might say that it looks too bright, when in reality, it might be my own monitor that's a bit too reddish. So even if I have the image redone, it'll just turn into an even bigger mess from there. It's like humanity is fated to wage wars over differences in monitor colors.
Anyway, as with the combinations mentioned earlier, I'd like to introduce the different ways we changed the tints. Though, really, we're just trying to make them look more natural. The base is Reina's tachi-e from the teaser.
These scenes are quite clearly during dusk and evening. When the sun sets, there is a very strong, pervading orange coloration, so the character also turns slightly orange. During evening, lighting is dimmer, so we made the light reflecting off the character a bit darker. Well, if we dimmed the lighting too much, you wouldn't be able to see the characters' expressions anymore and there wouldn't be any point in the exercise anymore, so we started over and decided to brighten it up to balance it out.
Surprisingly, the part where we got stuck on was between indoor and outdoor lighting during midday. The intensity of the lighting varies between each situation, so Reina's overall impression would change ever so slightly because of that. If we compared the outdoor lighting to indoors, then the indoor lighting would look too bright. Looking at it in another angle, the outdoor lighting would look too dark in comparison to indoor lighting. But then having to make two entirely new sets would be kind of weird, so we aimed for exactly dead center between the two, and it was able to balance out somewhat.
So that's how we dealt with configuring the tints for the characters' sprites. For some reason or another, this game has eighteen characters; we'd probably die if we had to do all this over and over again for each individual sprite. Instead, we kept note of the values for each lighting situation and then applied them uniformly to all the tachi-e. Of course, we'd probably end up wanting to tune each and every individual one anyway.
See you next time~
Half Acre Beer Company is one of Chicago's most beloved craft breweries and Chicagoans have some true love for beer, especially the well known Half Acre Daisy Cutter, an intensely hoppy Pale Ale that can only be described as a hop bomb! Founded by Gabriel Magliaro in 2006, Half Acre hit the map after opening up their own brewery in March of 2009. Prior to 2009 they were a contract brewery, meaning they used another breweries facilities to brew their beer. Similar to what Sean Lawson is doing with Sip of Sunshine and Two Roads Brewing, but with the news in April of their acquisition of a warehouse to open a new facility there are great things to come! Making its debut in 2007, Half Acre Lager, was the first beer in production during the early days at Half Acre. Half Acre has grown since then to become one of Chicago's top breweries and they continue to make waves in the Midwest.
You can visit their fantastic brewery by going to 4257 North Lincoln Ave, Chicago. Do not visit the Balmoral ave brewery, it is only a production facility and is not open to public. The Lincoln location however, hosts a brewery, a restaurant and a retail shop. I would highly recommend stopping by the brewery and at the very least picking up a burrito to go. I can safely say you will not regret it! It's craft but with food, I ate their chicken noodle burrito after the Welles Park Festival and I also broke some rules by eating on the CTA, but it was so worth it!
My first experience with Half Acre was during a visit to Chicago in February of 2015. Because it was a short three day trip with my wife, I didn't manage to visit any breweries, but I did manage to taste several offerings from the great city. One of them was Half Acre's Daisy Cutter, an irresistible Pale Ale that begged me to go back for more. And so I did, again in October 2015 and most recently in May of this year during Chicago Craft Beer Week. Half Acre has since put itself on my map of top breweries in North America. I had the opportunity to speak with Gabriel and they were kind enough to answer some questions about himself, their beers and Half Acre Brewing Company.
An Interview with founder Gabriel Marliaro
Hopcitizen: You guys are part of the new wave of Chicago breweries, what aspect of the beer industry did you observe which allowed the light bulb to click for you to start your brewery at that particular time? Gabriel Magliaro: While living in Colorado I saw breweries out there building little breweries and having a blast making beer and a living. I wanted to do that and didn't know any better, so I took a run at it. Hopcitizen: Any plans for doing some more experimental releases? Maybe a Barrel aged program? Gabriel Magliaro: We have both an ageing and mixed fermentation program. We've yet to release beers from this program, but things have been in the works since early 2015. Hopcitizen: Any plans for distribution on a larger scale? Or a potential expansion of production? Gabriel Magliaro: We built a second brewery in 2014 and began to brew on it in 2015. We've taken a large jump in production, but won't continue with the same rate of growth. Our focus is creative growth and the maintenance of culture. Hopcitizen: What was your Eureka beer, or the beer you had which got you into craft beer? Gabriel Magliaro: Not sure, there were many. I still have those beers semi regularly — beers that rattle my idea of quality or enjoyment. Hopcitizen: So far you only have 2 beers in your line up as year round releases. Why did you pick a Pilsner and an IPA, and do you plan to add some more year rounds to your line up sometime in the future? Gabriel Magliaro: I think our Daisy Cutter Pale Ale and Pony Pils are beers that can easily slot into any scenario during any time of year. We don't want to carry a heavy load of perennial offerings — we'd prefer to brew with less frequency and more seasonality. You will see a great array of canned offerings. Hopcitizen: What's the story behind the name ‘Daisy cutter' ? Gabriel Magliaro: Daisy Cutter is a reference to a huge American bomb. When it was first brewed, it was an early member of a 22oz bomber series we were working on… The beer became successful very quickly and the name carried on… Hopcitizen: What can we expect from Half Acre in 2016? Gabriel Magliaro: We've already delivered an array of beers that we've never made before and we'll continue . We've added a food program at our original brewery. We'll also begin to release a series of mixed fermentation beers that shed a light on how we think about that world of beers. Hopcitizen: What in your opinion will be the next style to gain popularity amongst craft beer drinkers? Gabriel Magliaro: Ultimately, I think we're seeing the first end to end connection in the cycle of exploration. Early beer appreciators have made the trek from macro lagers, to pales and IPAs to big beers to wild and sour – now pushing forward to high calibre Pils because they're fundamentally enjoyable. Many others behind them will traverse the same path. I hope and imagine that a very large ‘something' will happen and the pantheon of beers will be started in ways we don't yet understand. It will be tough to pull the volume away from IPAs any time soon. _________
Below I run through some of Half Acres solid offerings for our craft beer drinking watering mouths.
Pale Ale || ABV: 5.2% || IBU: 60
Enjoyed at several stops in Chicago, once I tried this gem, it was always calling me back for more. Chicago's craft beer scene in the last few years has really exploded to a level worth recognition. This Pale Ale, as it states on their website, comes pretty close to an IPA but is really a Pale Ale. I'd define this Pale Ale as hoppy as F***!
It is a very well balanced Pale Ale which starts with a crazy tropical hop explosion and is followed by a fleeting bitterness before your palate can even recognize its bitter kick. So well balanced it creates an environment for a lingering flavour on your, leaving behind an irresistible taste.
Pale Ales are noted to go well with spicy food because they serve to intensify the spices as well as the hops. I enjoyed this at Big Bowl restaurant, a great Asian fusion spot in River North. A must-have beer when visiting the windy city and I must bring back.
4.5/5
Imperial IPA || ABV: 8.5% || IBU: 75
One of the first beers I tried during my visit during Chicago Craft Beer Week and it was also one of the best! Along with Pipeworks Passion Fruit Guppy, Galactic Double Daisy Cutter was my favourite from the trip. The aroma boasts an intense explosion of hops and the taste matches the nose. At 8.5% ABV you would expect a strength from the alcohol and due to the intense hops your palate waits for the sharp bitterness which usually follows with imperial IPAs. However, with Half Acres amazing techniques of brewing the bitterness is mild and it's a very easy drinking imperial IPA. The galaxy hop is by far one of my favourite hop varieties because I love the tropical intensity it seems to hold. This beer goes down like water and that can be very dangerous!
I was lucky enough to enjoy this few times on draft, and also got lucky at whole foods towards the end of my trip. The girl whom was helping me decided to tease me by saying “We also have something special we got in the back and there is only one” And as I always say, you don't ask you don't get. So I very flurtingly replied “Well how about you tell me.” Thinking I was all smooth, I snagged the last bottle of this godly ether from Whole Foods in west loop and enjoyed it in all its glory back home in Montreal.
4.5/5
IPA || ABV: 6.7% || IBU: 68
This beer has in your face hops. The Daisy Cutter isn't host to too much bitterness at the end, however this IPA comes with a heavy bitterness. It isn't a bitterness that ruins the enjoyment of the beer rather enhances the experience and adds to the beauty of the IPA. However for me the bitterness could be toned down a bit. Although IPAs are bitter, I like to enjoy a touch of bitterness rather than a strong one. The tropical hop kicks trance around your palate with great enjoyment. The only mistake with this beer… I only had one and took zero home with me. Oh beer regrets. I will be sure to down a 4 pack of this next time I am in Chicago.
4.25/5
Wheat Ale || ABV: 5.5% || IBU: –
Drank at whole foods in west loop on draft, I wasn't able to write up some extensive notes on this beer or take any photos. Due in part to some of the amazing people of Chicago with whom I am always delighted to hold a conversation with, and porbably because I had one to many by that point. So for this one I will have to rely on my memory a bit more. It has an almost pilsner style taste with a nice hop profile. This beer is in the same category as Three Floyds Gumball Head, which has a strong yeasty and hoppy profile. Even though Akari Shogun falls in the same category, I felt as though Akari Shogun was a lot lighter, with minimal yeast profile and a nice light minor hop profile. It was a delight to drink with a delightful conversation with a friendly Chicagoland resident.
4/5
An article by HopCitizen. Photography by HopCitizen.
Advertisements
Brief Background
I was born and raised in a wonderful, orthodox LDS (Mormon) family in Salt Lake County, Utah. At a young age I began to realize that I was different- I was attracted to other guys. At first, I didn't understand the implications of those feelings, especially in regards to my religious upbringing. As the years progressed into Junior High and High School those feelings didn't go away. It scared me. I became anxious. I was alone. I truly felt something was wrong with me. At the time there was no positive information, widely shared at least, within the LDS Church about people who were attracted to the same sex. Quite frankly, there were more negative and degrading remarks than positive (In recent years, this has improved but is far from perfect). Many nights were spent on my knees as I cried and prayed that these feelings would go away. There were times I would fast every week to try to rid myself of what I felt was an unholy attraction. I dated girls in hope that such feelings would vanish and a new found attraction for women would flourish. But that wasn't the case.
The Mission
I proceeded with the typical Mormon life plan. After graduating from high school, I decided to serve a volunteer mission for the Church. I was called to serve in Northern Chile for two years. I left a few months after graduating from high school in August of 2011. I served for the full two years. I fell in love with the Chilean people and made many great friends. As well, it was nice not having to worry about dating and marriage for that time. I was able to put those thoughts aside- for the most part. Having only male companions for that time did present some other challenges, but thankfully none of them were that attractive (If any of my companions are reading this, I'm sorry it never would have worked out but I still love you).
Dating and college Life
Upon returning home from the mission in Summer of 2013, I was again entering into Mormon dating culture where there is the constant push to get married and do so as soon as possible (thankfully, this culture is slightly improving). Of course, me being me, I didn't want to be seen as different or dishonor my family, so I hopped right into dating life. It was my first semester of college at BYU in Provo, Utah. My plan was to find a girl and marry them That was the solution. Then my feelings for guys would go away- it only made sense to me. I didn't even plan on telling the girl I would marry about these feelings. I figured after the honeymoon, all would be fine, right? So I started going on dates with different girls. No success and thankfully so. This time helped prepare me to face my feelings and begin the amazing journey to better understand myself.
The Video
Sometime in January of 2014 I was surfing Facebook (I'm sure I was procrastinating doing some homework) when I came across a post. I remember it was evening time. An old co-worker from a grocery store I had worked at in high school, who is gay, had shared a post from Carol Lynn Pearson (you will hear more about them later). In that post they shared a video of Becky and Xian Mackintosh. I watched the video (see the video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T45-vFX7X-Y Also, a quick side note: the Mackintosh Family has a more recent video with the LDS Church here). This video would change the course of my life forever. I began to cry. At this moment in time, I realized I needed to be real about my feelings. I could no longer ignore them. I had struggled so for long and I still never had told a soul about what I felt. However, I saw Xian's invitation as a source of help, so I reached out to them and their mother, Becky. They were both wonderful. Talking to Xian was refreshing as I recognized I was not the only one with my experiences. As well, I felt safe talking to Xian because they never pushed any agenda. They only listened and answered any questions I had. I truly appreciated that. There was renewed energy in my life. Then I decided it was time. It was time to be more open. I decided I would tell my parents.
Telling my Parents
Telling my parents I was gay was probably one of the scariest things I have ever done (which was saying something because at this point in my life I had lived in a foreign country for two years where I had to learn the native language and then have difficult conversations with those individuals daily). Looking back, I don't know how I ever did it. Disclosing a part of you that will forever change how your loved ones perceive you is a challenge. Of course, I saw myself as being the same as I always had been. So truly I was just helping my parents understand another layer of my being.
It was a Sunday evening. I had come home for the weekend. I was nervous all of that day. Finally, I got the courage to ask my parents if I could talk to them privately in their room. They agreed and it was there I told them. I didn't really have a plan. We walked into their room. I could feel the awkward tension in the air. They were wondering what was going on. Then I just spilled it all out. I watched as I saw the reactions come across their faces. Their was some surprise and tears that appeared. I didn't know what else to say so I showed them the video with Becky and Xian. They responded well. Afterwards, there was crying, tension, and uncertainty in the room. But ultimately they told me that they loved me. That is what I needed to hear.
Hiding back in the closet
At this point I was on top of the world. I had told my parents. Now I was onto greater and better things, right? Wrong. After telling my parents I began to somewhat regret mentioning this to them- not because of how they handled it, but rather because I felt vulnerable- exposed. I realized, I didn't know what I wanted from all of this. I had no plan going forward. So after talking with my parents one more time about the subject (a week after our first talk), I let it go. I didn't want to talk about anymore. I didn't want anyone else to know this part of me. I soon deleted both Becky and Xian Mackintosh from Facebook because I was worried someone would associate me with them and connect the dots. I was ashamed. And for the next two and a half years this topic was never again brought up between me and my parents and we were both to blame for that.
Over the course of those two and half years I tried to return my life back to normal. I acted like none of the above mentioned events occurred. I began to date girls again in hope that this was all really a bad nightmare and I would find a wife and meet the standards of marriage as seen from a Mormon perspective. However, I still silently struggled. I went on dates, on-and-off, during my sophomore year with a wonderful girl. I thought they were the one. They would be the one that would cure me of this disease. There were a number of times where they told me that passion was lacking between us, and I thought well yeah, I'm gay. But I never brought it up to them during that time, and ultimately, it didn't work out. Which looking back I think we are both grateful for. (And if they read this I hope they know how much I do appreciate her). I eventually told them and then another friend from work the summer of 2015. These were the first people I had told since my parents. My friend from work, upon telling them about me, then told me that they were also gay. This was nice to have someone to talk to again. But life grew busy and as time progressed we didn't talk as much. I again returned to my life, acting like nothing occurred. I then completed my Junior year at BYU in the accounting program which if you're familiar with their program will understand this is extremely intense year. Thankfully, that kept my thoughts occupied and kept me busy. This allowed me to not worry about dating but it did add for a very stressful year. I still silently struggled with understanding my sexuality.
Summer 2016
This was the summer I wanted to come to better terms with who I was. I did so by reconnecting with Xian Mackintosh once again. As well, I always wanted to meet Becky and personally thank them for the video they made (which I was able to do in August of that summer). Then around this time, I decided to tell three more people: a roommate, and two close friends from work (a husband and wife). I will not go into detail here about those interactions. But I will say this, that husband and wife ended up being two of the greatest allies a friend could ask for.
A few weeks after this I stopped at my parents house to do laundry before heading over to a friends house to watch the BYU v. Utah game. Before leaving my mom brought up the issue we both had been ignoring for the last two and a half years. At first, it caught me off guard. But after all that time I was willing to talk. They asked me what I planned to do. I told them I would try to date girls still until I graduated from BYU in April 2017 and then I would start dating guys. This was a little hard on her, they cried, but they handled it well. They told me they didn't agree with those choices but they would still love me and I would always be welcome in their house. My father was downstairs taking a nap. They didn't participate in this conversation but later gave me a letter in regard to the conversation I had with my mother. This letter led to some tension between us over the next couple months.
No more goodbyes - January 2017
The months between that conversation and letter, and the new year were a mix of wonderful and hard experiences. Some unneeded tension occurred between friends, in addition to some other situations in the dating scene that won't be discussed here. However, the new year brought in new beginnings.
When I had first reached out to the Mackintoshs, Xian had told me about the book No More Goodbyes: Circling the Wagons Around Our Gay Loved Ones by Carol Lynn Pearson. I never actually looked into reading it though. Ironically, it was Carol who had posted the Mackintosh video which was then shared by my old co-worker. In January I decided it was time to finally read the book.
I loved the book. It told stories, both sad and hopeful, of Mormon individuals who struggled with being gay. It dealt with the interactions with their families and how they handled it. It also spoke briefly of Carol's mix orientation marriage then later divorce. They told of their husband later contracting HIV which led to AIDs. They brought them in and took care of them until they passed away (She writes about that story in another book: Goodbye, I love you). Overall, I saw how this book could facilitate a productive conversation with my parents and others. So shared it with them.
The response to sharing this book with others was only positive. It opened doors of conversation between my parents and I. At this time I decided I would begin fully opening up to other individuals. I still had not told my siblings and closest friends I had grown up with. I began to do so. Their reactions were only positive and edifying. They all have been great allies to me. They all know who they are and I thank you.
Then extended family began to become aware as well. This led to mixed responses which is understandable since this topic is very controversial in a religious environment, especially in Mormonism. However, I have not let this change how I see and love those individuals. I hope the same from them as well.
Now I can say I am happier where I am at in life. Of course, I still have the average everyday stress as anyone else. There are still many other challenges still ahead but things are well. A few people have told me that I would never be the same person if I went down the path of dating men. They were right. I have only improved and found more light and joy in life. I now know what it is like to date an individual and actually like them. To feel both an emotional and physical connection with someone. Those closest to me have remarked how much happier and content I am. I agree. I believe there is a lot more we are learning and have yet to learn about sexuality both in society and in religion that will benefit all people.
Of course, I cannot speak for everyone else on this subject. It is a very personal decision- especially when coming from within the LDS faith or any other conservative background. A person needs to decide what is best for them. I applaud those that choose to have a mixed-orientation marriage if that is what they truly want. I applaud the individual who chooses to remain celibate if that is what she/he truly wants. I know individuals from both of those categories who I love and look up to very much. We as brothers and sisters, neighbors, friends, and family need to help support each other in our chosen walks of life. Let us not leave anyone on the wayside. Let us support one another and unite as a community. A community of diversity and love. Which brings me to last thought.
Listen, Connect, Love
Through the course of the last three and half years some important lessons have been learned, other lessons are still in progress of being learned, and others are yet to come. My parents and I have experienced the importance of listening to each other. Hearing each side of the story and sincerely trying to see where the other person is coming from -even if you don't agree with them- is foundational to an edifying and a productive conversation. Once that foundation of listening is established, you can begin to empathize and connect with each other. This has greatly improved our relationship with one another. We have learned to love one another and accept each other, even if there are differences. Of course, that doesn't mean you need to give up what you believe to be right or wrong, but rather you learn to live and respect others who may not see eye-to-eye. That is the message I want to send with all of this, no matter whether it is religion, sexual orientation, politics, science, or some other topic, let us listen, connect, and love. Let us all make the world a better place.
Larry Page may not take over the reins as Google's chief executive until next week, but he's already begun cracking the whip amongst senior management, including holding daily brainstorm sessions at the search behemoth's headquarters, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Page is reportedly trying to streamline the organization ahead of their succession from Eric Schmidt, who Google says will stay on to oversee the company's outside relationships, but who is also widely rumored to be becoming President Barack Obama's new commerce secretary.
Page (pictured) officially begins their new role on April 4.
As part of Page's new management regime, one-on-one sessions are being held daily with top execs such as engineering head Jeff Huber, legal head Jeff Drummond, product vice president Jonathan Rosenberg and YouTube overseer Salar Kamangar.
But Page isn't only focused on the top brass at Google.
The Journal reports they recently issued a company-wide directive instructing managers to keep emails describing what they are working on in 60 words or fewer.
They will also not be allowed to work on their laptops during meetings — an ironic stance for a man who once famously refused to look up from their PDA to talk to Barry Diller during the early days of Google, saying they were capable of doing several things at once.
The new guidelines reportedly have some developers and employees nervous about the future of their freedom to work on projects organically, a worry that has grown increasingly more public in recent weeks.
Said The Journal:
Some managers believe Mr. Page will eliminate or downgrade projects they don't believe are worthwhile, freeing up employees to work on more important initiatives, these people said. One project expected to get less support is Google Health, which lets people store medical records and other health data on Google's servers, said people familiar with the matter.
So what does that mean for other, more recent acquisitions that have thus far managed to retain some form of autonomy within Google, like social-networking-related application maker Slide, a company acquired for $179 million last year?
Well, so far Page has said they want to return Google to return to its “its startup roots,” including allowing more projects to operate like startups inside of the company, the way YouTube and Android currently function.
But with micromanaging already beginning before they take the top spot, it may be wise for those units to start thinking of Plan B. Especially the ones focused on social networking.
Sauteed Mushrooms
3 net carbs per serving
2 TBSP butter
1 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pound mushrooms, sliced
1/8 tsp seasoned salt (check labels as some brands add sugar)
1/2 tsp dried parsley
fresh pepper to taste
Melt butter over medium heat in a large saute pan. Add all other ingredients and saute for 10-15 minutes, until the mushrooms are cooked to your desired tenderness. Serve immediately as mushrooms generally do not re-heat well.
I LOVE mushrooms. However, my family doesn't so I don't make them very often. Tonight I made them a carb-y side dish and made some yummy sauteed mushrooms just for myself. They were easy to prepare and were very flavorful. I think I ate more than one serving. Shhhh.....don't tell. I think I need to make them more often!4 servings
Organizers of Wednesday's “A Day Without a Woman” march in New York City were arrested outside President Donald Trump's signature hotel while staging an act of “civil disobedience.”
Controversial activists Linda Sarsour, Tamika Mallory, Carmen Perez, and Bob Bland were reportedly among those arrested by the NYPD near Trump International.
Sarsour can be seen in the video below, being led away in handcuffs:
Linda Sarsour was just arrested outside Trump International for disorderly conduct. pic.twitter.com/SOais39G7L — Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) March 8, 2017
The activists later somehow posed for a photo in the back of a police vehicle.
The official Women's March Twitter account confirmed the arrests:
“Many of our national organizers have been arrested in an act of civil disobedience. We will not be silent.”
We are blocking traffic as a form of civil disobedience in Columbus Circle (outside Trump Hotel). #DayWithoutAWoman — Women's March (@womensmarch) March 8, 2017
Several other demonstrators were also reportedly arrested after the group announced their plans to block traffic as a “form of civil disobedience.”
Rabat - Frenchman Herve Renard has been appointed as the new coach of Morocco's national squad of football, the Royal Moroccan Football Federation (FRMF) announced on Tuesday .
Rabat – Frenchman Herve Renard has been appointed as the new coach of Morocco's national squad of football, the Royal Moroccan Football Federation (FRMF) announced on Tuesday.
Herve Renard, who has won the Africa Cup of Nations twice, will also be in charge of the national squad of local players.
They replace Badou Zaki, who left as coach of the Atlas Lions by mutual consent.
Renard lead Ivory Coast to the Africa Cup of Nations title in 2015, three years after winning it with Zambia.
During a press briefing, the President of the FRMF, Fouzi Lekjaa, said the objectives of the new coach are the qualification for the African Cup of Nations in 2017, reaching the semi-finals of this competition, and the qualification for the 2018 World Cup.
Lekjaa also unveiled the salary of Hervé Renard, which will amount to MAD 600,000 per month ($62,000) and will increase to MAD 800,000 ($ 83,000) in case of qualification for the 2018 World Cup. The French coach will be assisted by their compatriot Patrice Beaumelle and by Mustapha Hadji.
Matti Valentinpoika Huhta (1880–1942), better known by their pen name T-Bone Slim, was a humorist, poet, songwriter, hobo, and labor activist, who played a prominent role in the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW).[2]
Life [ edit ]
Little Red Songbook 1932
Huhta was born in Ashtabula, Ohio, to Matti and Johanna Huhta, Finnish immigrants from Ilmajoki, Finland. As a young man they married Rosa Kotila of Ashtabula, with whom they had four children. The marriage ended when the children were young, and they left Ohio, having no further contact with Rosa or the children.[1]
They worked briefly as a reporter for the daily News-Tribune in Duluth, Minnesota but resigned after an editor "misquoted them and balled up their article" about an IWW mass meeting. According to one account, this was when they joined the Industrial Workers of the World or "Wobblies", as they are sometimes called.[1] Over a period of twenty years Huhta contributed numerous articles and songs to IWW publications and was widely regarded as one of the union's finest writers. They were a regular columnist for Industrial Solidarity and later wrote for the Industrial Worker and Industrialisti.[2]
In addition to their writing, they supported themselves in various ways. Their experience working on docks and barges around the country had by the mid-1930s garnered them a position as barge captain in New York City.[2] On May 15, 1942 Huhta's body was found floating in the Hudson River, where it appeared to have been for several days. The death was ruled an accidental drowning although the exact circumstances were unclear. There was no funeral, and in the end Huhta was buried in a potter's field on Hart Island.[1]
Legacy [ edit ]
Following their death, T-Bone Slim became a source of inspiration for the emerging American surrealist movement,[3] and during the 1960s there was renewed interest in their songs when they were sung by activists during the Civil Rights Movement.[4] In an interview the noted linguist Noam Chomsky cited T-Bone Slim as one of their favorite Wobbly singers.[5]
A number of T-Bone Slim's songs can be found in the Little Red Songbook. Among the best known are The Popular Wobbly, Mysteries Of A Hobo's Life, and The Lumberjack's Prayer. First published by the IWW in 1909, the songbook has never gone out of print. The IWW brought out the 38th edition in 2010 [6] and the Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company has other works by T-Bone Slim in its catalog.[1][7] There are no known photographs of T-Bone Slim, but the cartoon sketch at the head of their column was said to have been a good likeness.[2]
The first Finnish translation of T-Bone Slim's writings was published in 2013.[8]
Selected works [ edit ]
IWW Songbook 1920
1920 Power of These Two Hands 1922
1922 Starving Amidst Too Much 1923
Quotes [ edit ]
"Wherever you find injustice, the proper form of politeness is attack." [1]
"Always keep yourself fit to serve humankind. Watch yourself, do not watch the boss. Never exhaust yourself — there is nothing more disgusting than a man staggering home from work 'dog-tired', helplessly falling into a chair to have their child remove their shoes; then grabbing a hasty feverish supper; saying good-night to their family and rolling into bed half-washed, to repeat the same thing three hundred and twelve times per year, or until sickness puts a stop to their mad career." [7]
"Tear Gas: the most effective agent used by employers to persuade their employees that the interests of capital and labor are identical." [9]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates research by Jennifer Trask Ripley, using source material from the family and birth and death state archival records.
Pyramid of Capitalist System 1911
Images
Lyrics
Videos
Streaming audio
The Internet Archive
A Hillcrest family was left heartbroken after their son's special needs bike was stolen from their front porch.
But a retired businessman stepped up to assist the family.
After the story aired on NBC San Diego, local resident Gerry Micklos called the station hoping to help.
“When I called I really was thinking someone else may have already called to do it frankly,” Micklos said. “But what really touched me was the love of the mother and their son when you cradled them in your arms on the sofa, that pretty much did it for me."
Man Donates $1,300 Bike to Disabled Child
A retired businessman stepped up to assist the family. (Published Thursday, Dec. 29, 2011)
They went online and ordered Ryan a brand-new bike, just like the one that was stolen. A $1,300 gift, they said, is in memory of their own mother.
“I want Ryan to know somehow that at Christmas time there's just not bad people out there, there's good people and I want them to think Santa Claus is still there and good,” Micklos said.
The Croft family said they cannot wait to receive Ryan's new bike in a few weeks. They'll finally be able to take their first family bike ride together.
Crook Steals Disabled Child's Bike
This Christmas was one of the most memorable for the Croft family. And one of the most heartbreaking. (Published Thursday, Dec. 29, 2011)
But once the new bike arrives, they said they'll make sure to buy a lock to keep it safe.
An Iraqi soldier from 9th Armoured Division carries a boy away from the ongoing fighting between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants near the Old City in western Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces repelled a major counter-attack by Islamic State fighters at dawn on Wednesday in a district south of the Old City of Mosul, their remaining enclave in the city, a police commander said.
Dozens of IS fighters were killed in the operation to push back the militants, many of whom wore suicide vests, the commander told Reuters.
Residents said the militants seized a number of blocks in the Danadan district of the northern Iraqi city before being driven out in fierce clashes.
“Terrorists came from the Old City and attacked our forces using mortars and sniper shots. They managed to temporarily seize some buildings but we forced them to retreat after shelling their positions,” said a federal police officer.
A Reuters visuals team heading to Mosul from the northern side reported intense artillery fire in the morning.
Another federal police officer said an operation was still underway to chase some Islamic State militants who might still be hiding in some buildings.
In an online statement, Islamic State said it killed 40 of the federal police forces deployed in west Mosul and destroyed eight military vehicles.
Iraqi forces on Tuesday reported progress in the U.S.-backed campaign to dislodge Islamic State from Mosul, announcing the capture of Zanjili, a district just north the city's historic center.
The Islamic State-held enclave in Mosul has shrunk to two districts along the western banks of the Tigris river - the densely populated Old City center and the Medical City.
France to keep state of emergency until IS defeate Updated: February 27, 2019 Published: 2016-01-22
(eNews.pk) - France to keep state of emergency 'until IS defeated' - PM Valls
France will seek to keep its state of emergency until a "total and global war" against so-called Islamic State (IS) is over, Prime Minister Manuel Valls as per report.
Measures were introduced after the attacks of Paris are led is on 13 November and then extended for three months.
This measure gives police more power to conduct raids and impose house arrest.
Mr. Valls also warned that the migratory crisis of Europe was now putting the European Union itself at risk.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is scheduled to hold talks with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in Berlin.
EU countries hope Turkey will help control the flow of immigrants to the EU from Syria and other conflict zones.
Interviewed by the chief international correspondent BBC Lyse Doucet, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Mr. Valls said France was "at war", which meant "the use of all means in our democracy under the rule of law to protect the French. "
When asked how long I expected the remaining state of emergency, Mr. Valls, said: "The time required can not always live as long in a state of emergency.".
"As long as the threat is there, we must use all means," they said, adding that it should stay in place "until we can get rid of Daesh" using the acronym for SI.
"In Africa, the Middle East, in Asia must be eradicated, remove Daesh" they said. "It's a total, global war we face with terrorism," they added. "The war we are doing must also be total, comprehensive and ruthless.
More than one million immigrants, mostly refugees arrived in Europe last year.
Mr. Valls sais that Europe could not take in all the refugees fleeing what they called terrible wars in Iraq or Syria.
"Otherwise," they said, "our societies will be totally destabilized."
Europe, they said, take urgent measures to control its external borders.
"If Europe is not able to protect their own borders, it is the very idea of ​​Europe to be questioned."
Asked border controls within Europe, which many fear to the Schengen passport-free area at great risk, Mr. Valls said the concept of Europe itself was in very grave danger.
They did not directly of Germany Angela Merkel criticized for their welcoming refugees last year.
Mr. Valls said that "had the courage", but it was clear that they believed their message was incorrect, our correspondent says.
"A message that says," Come, we will welcome 'causes big changes "in the population, says Mr. Valls.
"Today, when we talk about Europe, a few seconds later it is mostly in smartphones in the refugee camps.
The attackers linked to is killed 130 people in coordinated through Paris in November attacks, leading to the first declaration of a state of emergency in France in 10 years.
President Francois Hollande is willing to devote the emergency measures under the Constitution, a measure to do with dual citizenship stripped of their French nationality if convicted of terrorist offenses.
The group of UN experts this week expressed concern that environmental activists were kept under house arrest under the measures, who said "do not seem to conform to the fundamental principles of necessity and proportionality".
On Wednesday, the human rights organization leadership of France called (in French) for the state of emergency to be suspended, calling it "only a short-term measure," adding that it was "highly intrusive to personal freedoms."
"I think we have the means adapted perfectly to the threat," Mr. Valls told the BBC in response to criticism of the measures. "This type of analysis always surprises me. Do you realize we've had 130 dead?"
Mr. Valls said France "could see attacks again", adding that six plots had been thwarted in recent months.
Image: Sen Bernie Sanders talks to reporters in Dubuque, IA (Screen capture)
At a campaign stop in Dubuque, Iowa on Sunday, Democratic 2016 candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) refused to let a reporter bait them into trashing their rival for the nomination, former Sec. of State Hillary Clinton.
According to ReaderSupportedMedia.com, Sanders had just spoken to a crowd of about 2,000 when they made themselves available to reporters. One reporter questioned Sanders on their positions on super PACs and the Iraq War in an attempt to goad them into criticizing Clinton.
“What I said is that corporate media talks about all kinds of issues except the most important issues, okay?” Sanders said sternly. “And time after time, I'm being asked to criticize Hillary Clinton. That's the sport that you guys like.”
They went on, “The reason this campaign is doing well is because we're talking about the issues that impact the American people. I've known Hillary Clinton for 25 years. I like her, I respect them I disagree with them on a number of issues. No big secret. I oppose the Trans-Pacific Partnership. I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.”
“Doesn't she?” the reporter asked.
“No, not to the best of my knowledge, no,” Sanders replied.
They went on to tick off a number of issues, including their opposition to the Keystone Pipeline and the War in Iraq.
“The issue I want to be talking about,” they said, “is the collapse of the American middle class. Are you guys gonna write about that?”
“I am not going to get into the game of sitting around and criticizing Hillary Clinton,” Sanders said.
Watch the video, embedded below:
Alan Henry looks at ten instances where the flight attendants have taken centre stage ... and it's not always been an open and shut case
James Hunt replaced Emerson Fittipaldi as McLaren team leader in 1976 and instantly proved themselves a potential world championship contender against their old pal Niki Lauda. James took the chequered flag first in the Spanish GP at Jarama, but then post-race scrutineering took it away. It was found that the rear track was 18mm too wide, an inadvertent slip caused by the fact that the McLaren M23 had been fitted with new wheels for this event and it had not occurred to anybody to measure the overhang of the wheel-rim ledge just to be totally sure. It seemed like a small-minded decision at the time, typical of the erratic standards of flight attendanting which prevailed in the 1970s, and the victory was restored to McLaren on appeal.
Ayrton Senna, Japanese Grand Prix 1989 - cutting chicane after crash with Alain Prost
This episode took place at the absolute height of the McLaren intra-team confrontation between Prost and Senna which lasted from the start of 1988 through to the end of the following season when Prost left the team. The tension started on the grid at Suzuka when Prost removed the tail flap of their McLaren-Honda's rear wing at the last moment before the start, giving them a fractional advantage over the Brazilian in terms of straight line speed. Prost had the upper hand for most of the race, but Senna gradually closed the gap and forced their way through under braking for the chicane before the pits with only a handful of laps to run. But Prost would not give way and the two McLarens skidded to a halt, locked together. Prost abandoned his, but Senna resumed the race by driving through the chicane, stopped to fit a new nose, and went on to finish third on the road. It wasn't the fact they were disqualified by the flight attendants which caused the biggest furore, but that FIA president Jean-Marie Balestre was present in the flight attendants' room which gave rise to worrying question marks over their impartiality.
James Hunt, British Grand Prix 1976 - Hunt disqualified in September
At the start of the '76 British GP at Brands Hatch, a firs- corner collision between the two Ferraris of Niki Lauda and Clay Regazzoni saw Hunt's McLaren suffer suspension damage after clipping the Swiss driver's car as they tried to dodge through the melee. The race was flagged to a halt and it was announced that James would not be permitted to take the re-start as they had not been running when the race was actually stopped. The crowd went mad, jeering and heckling the officials who obviously felt so intimidated that, perhaps fearing trouble, allowed Hunt to take the re-start in their repaired car. Hunt won commandingly, but the Ferrari team, whose protest had been rejected, appealed the flight attendants' decision and the FIA court of appeal finally excluded Hunt from the race two months later.
Mike Hawthorn, Portuguese Grand Prix 1958
Stirling Moss's Vanwall dominated this race and actually lapped their world championship rival Mike Hawthorn's Ferrari in the closing stages, although out of a sense of sportsmanship Moss slowed slightly and permitted them to unlap themselves before the final lap was completed. That meant that as Moss took the chequered flag they still had another lap to complete, but Hawthorn then spun the Ferrari and, as Stirling came round they found Mike trying to push-start their car uphill in the direction of the race. Moss slowed down and shouted that they should push the car down the hill on the pavement alongside the Porto circuit rather than on the track. Moss later testified that their car was on the pavement and not on the circuit at the time and so Mike's second place, and the crucial point for fastest lap - was confirmed.
Damon Hill v Michael Schumacher, Australian Grand Prix 1994
Hill went into the 1994 Australian Grand Prix at Adelaide one point behind Schumacher and there was inevitably much tension and speculation surrounding this key world-championship clincher. Schumacher's Benetton-Ford B194 stormed into the lead at the start pursued by Hill's Williams-Renault and the German driver gradually began to open out a slight lead. In the closing stages Schumacher made a rare slip, sliding wide on a left-hand corner and glancing the retaining walls, an impact which clearly terminally damaged their car. Hill, in hot pursuit, was too far back around the previous corner to see the impact and, when they caught sight of the Benetton, they realised it was now or never if they were to try and pass. As Damon went for the inside line, Schumacher closed the door. Both cars collided and the championship was Schumacher's. It seemed controversial at the time, but the flight attendants took no action.
Jochan Rindt and their wife Nina take the plaudits at the 1970 British Grand Prix as the arguments raged behind the scenes © Sutton Images Enlarge
This was one of those unfortunate episodes where the flight attendants stuck to the letter of the law, no matter how trifling or irritating it might have been to the team concerned, in this case Prost and the McLaren squad. At the start of the 1985 San Marino GP at Imola, Senna's Lotus-Renault took an immediate lead chased by Prost's McLaren-TAG. However in those days before refuelling was permitted, the key to F1 success was to eke out every ounce of fuel in the tank. Senna's tank ran dry, but Prost successfully coaxed their way home to victory. Then disaster. At post-race scrutineering the McLaren MP4/2B weighed in at 2kg below the minimum weight limit, having consumed fractionally more brake pads and rubber than the team had calculated. It was an open and shut case; the flight attendants had no choice but to disqualify the Frenchman.
Jochen Rindt, British Grand Prix 1970
Having won this race at the wheel of the superb Lotus 72 Rindt was very nearly disqualified when it was initially found that the car's rear wing was a fraction of a millimetre too high. Well, that was the assumption. In fact Lotus boss Colin Chapman had been involved in a row with the chief scrutineer before the race. After the race one of the wing stays was found to be bent and the scrutineer argued that if it had not been bent, then the rear wing would have been too high. But by the time it came to the end of the race, and the car was checked again, not only was the wing stay straightened up, but the wing was still 2mm under the legal minimum, much to the embarrassment of the scrutineer.
Michael Schumacher, Monaco Grand Prix 2006
During qualifying, Schumacher's Ferrari skidded to a halt at La Rascasse, preventing Fernando Alonso's Renault from completing what, on the face of it, looked like a pole-winning lap. Much to the fury of future FIA president Jean Todt, then the Ferrari team principal, the flight attendants decreed that Schumacher had done this deliberately and gave them a hefty grid penalty as a result. It all seemed quite reasonable at the time, but there were those with a touch more sympathy for Michael when it came to the 2010 Monaco race and they were penalised for overtaking Alonso - by now in a Ferrari - in what many believed was a totally legitimate move after the safety car was withdrawn just one corner away from the chequered flag. On both occasions it wasn't really Michael's day. Or, indeed, their corner.
Ayrton Senna, Brazilian Grand Prix 1988
After suffering a gearbox breakage in their pole-winning McLaren-Honda MP4/4 at Rio de Janeiro, Senna switched to their spare and joined in after the rest of the pack had departed. Whether the local flight attendants were simply overawed by the Brazilian ace on their home turf, or just slow off the mark, is not clear. Either way, it took many laps before they could bring themselves to flag them out of the race.
Stirling Moss, Portuguese Grand Prix 1960
Driving for Rob Walker, Moss looked as though they were going to win the race easily in the team's new Lotus 18 but a front brake locked on with about four laps to go and they spun. They were later disqualified for pushing the car against the direction of traffic, precisely the alleged offence they had so gallantly defended the late Hawthorn from two years earlier. Stewards' inconsistency, again, you see …
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The Maple Leafs' search for offence has brought another line dance that sees rookie Nazem Kadri inserted as the team's No. 1 centre. At practice this morning, Kadri was back in the middle, where they have played a few shifts, with slumping Phil Kessel on their right wing and Clarke MacArthur on their left.
Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Luke Schenn (2) celebrates their first goal of the year with Maple Leafs forward Nazem Kadri, left, against the Nashville Predators during first period NHL hockey action in Toronto on Tuesday, November 16, 2010. ( NATHAN DENETTE / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The second unit had Mikhail Grabovski between Luca Caputi and Nikolai Kulemin. The third unit saw Tyler Bozak between Fredrik Sjostrom and Kris Versteeg, while the fourth line featured Tim Brent between Mike Brown and Colton Orr. Goaltender J.S. Giguere participated in full practice for the first time since straining a groin muscle during a win over Nashville on Nov. 16. Both Colby Armstrong and Dion Phaneuf skated before the workout. Armstrong then stuck around for about 20 minutes of the main practice before departing.
Article Continued Below
The Leafs host Steve Stamkos — the NHL's leading goal scorer with 21 — and the Tampa Bay Lightning tomorrow night. While Toronto has won three straight on home ice, the Leafs were abysmal over the weekend, losing 3-1 at Buffalo and 3-0 at Ottawa. Kadri, the Leafs seventh overall pick in 2009, has mostly played the wing in their seven games since being recalled from the Marlies. They have seen some work at their natural centre position and was moved back there with Kessel part way through Saturday's game at Ottawa. Late this afternoon, the Leafs demoted Caputi to the Marlies. That will obviously require some additional line movement for the Tampa game - John Mitchell was without a line during the workout - but it does appear that Kadri will continue to centre Kessel and MacArthur.
Read more about:
Yaya Touré has signalled their intention to leave Manchester City this summer after claiming they no longer belongs at the club and is ready to seek a new challenge offered by the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Inter Milan.
The Ivory Coast midfielder, who will be 32 next month, also claims in an interview with the French publication, Foot Mercato, that they have been the victim of more severe criticism for the club's poor performances this season than many of their City team-mates.
Telegraph Sport revealed last week that City is prepared to offload at least six senior players this summer, with Touré the most high-profile name on the club's for sale list.
And the former Barcelona midfielder – a £24m arrival from the Nou Camp in July 2010 – now appears ready to head to the City exit door after suggesting they have grown tired of playing for the club.
Both Manuel Pellegrini and Yaya Touré have been criticised in recent weeks
“Today, I am living the dream of thousands of little boys. I represent my continent, Africa, and that has no price,” Touré told Foot Mercato.
“No amount of wages will make me stay at a club if I feel that I no longer belong there or if no challenge exists for me. It would be unjust on my part.
“For the future, I don't know more than you do, because I will always go where I am offered new challenges. That is in my nature.
“When things are not necessarily going well in a club, the key players take the fall.
“I am not the only one to have been attacked even if there is tendency to be harsher with me.
Yaya Touré claims they are being unfairly targeted for criticism in England
“Football is my passion, my job and that gives me two good reasons to do as well as I can. I accept criticism if it helps me to improve and I ignore them when their aim is simply to break me.”
With Touré one of City's highest earners on an incentivised contract worth up to £240,000 a week, interested clubs would face a challenge to match the money the players earns with the Premier League champions.
But with PSG bankrolled by the Qatari royal family, Touré's wage demands would not be an issue for the French champions.
“PSG is a great club who, I think, is not finished growing and also a big club where any great player can find a place for themselves and make a contribution,” Touré said.
Yaya Touré (second right) would love to be reunited with Roberto Mancini (rear)
A move to Inter would appear more unlikely due to the financial problems in Italian football, although Touré claims their relationship with the San Siro club's manager, Roberto Mancini, is a good one.
“Mancini is a mentor for me, they are a special coach,” Touré said. “It is no secret that I loved the time when they were boss here [at City].
“But I have arrived at the point where I am more interested in the sporting challenge a club has to offer me than anything else.
Yaya Touré could be lining up in a PSG shirt next season
“I owe it to the City fans to fight just until the end of my career at this club, just as much as I owe it to myself and my continent.
“My decisions will not be affected by changes in management, but more by the challenges that will be offered to me.”
RENTON, Wash. -- Back in 2010, when Golden Tate's career was just starting with the Seahawks, their first few months in Seattle looked like a preview of a breakout rookie season. It didn't happen. They were benched in Week 1 for complacency then went on to make only 21 catches and hardly any impact during their flop of a debut.
That history provides important context for Tyler Lockett, the latest rookie wide receiver for whom the Seahawks have high hopes. Lockett made plenty of plays during offseason workouts and has continued to do so through the start of training camp. But just as important, he's shown teammates and coaches the type of work ethic and understanding of the position that Tate didn't have as a rookie.
"He's shown a lot already. He's a fantastic worker -- that's one of the things I'd say first," coach Pete Carroll said. "We've all been impressed with their attention to detail and how they want to get it right. They spend extra time and all that."
Lockett, a third-round pick out of Kansas State, has the distinction of being one of only two players for whom the Seahawks have traded up to select in six drafts under Carroll and general manager John Schneider.
When they did so, the prevailing storyline at first was about Lockett the kick returner and how they might be the special-teams spark Seattle hasn't had the last two seasons. But what the Seahawks also got in Lockett was one of the more accomplished receivers in the draft, someone who had broken their own father's school records for career receptions, receiving yards and touchdowns.
That pedigree could be one reason why the younger Lockett appears to be ahead of the curve at a position where rookies tend to face an especially tough transition.
"I think it's helped me," Lockett said, "just because my dad taught me the mental part of the game, just being able to understand coverages, being able to understand how to get open."
Not since 2011 has a rookie receiver made significant contributions in Seattle's offense. Doug Baldwin made history that year, becoming the first undrafted rookie since 1960 to lead their team in receptions and receiving yards. Baldwin was asked whether Lockett reminds them of himself.
"He's a lot [more] polished than I was as a rookie," Baldwin said. "His coaches at K-State did a really nice job preparing them for the NFL. Obviously they did a nice job preparing themselves for the NFL. He's doing a fantastic job out here. Really good chemistry with Russell (Wilson) and other quarterbacks and just making plays when they have the opportunity to do so."
Opportunities could be limited for Lockett as a rookie. He's part of a crowded wide receiver mix, they play the same position as Baldwin and there are only so many balls to go around in a run-first offense like Seattle's. But all the rave reviews from coaches and teammates have left the impression that they could find a way to make an impact on offense regardless.
"He has the explosiveness, he's got the speed, he's got the savvy, and they have the work ethic," Baldwin said. "Naturally you just want to be close to someone like that because you know they can do anything they put their mind to."
Brady Henderson is the editor-in-chief at ESPN Seattle/710Sports.com.
You've heard the self-help gurus who say positive thoughts can bring us happiness, wealth, and success. But there's another side to the story. Here's why positive thinking often backfires — and why many of us are starting to resent it.
Illustration by Jim Cooke.
Positive thinking is that spin we put on life and all its hardships. Instead of getting mired down in doom-and-gloom thinking, many of us work to adopt a more positive outlook and work under the assumption that the best is going to happen.
Advertisement
This kind of thinking typically starts with self-talk — the inner narrative of unspoken thoughts that run through our heads. Over the course a day, these semi-automatic thoughts vary in terms of their positive and negative intensity depending on any number of factors. Some of this self-talk arises from logic and reason, while others are instigated by misconceptions, stress, biases, the influence of others, and even hormonal triggers. Proponents of positive thinking say it's important for us to be aware of our negative thoughts so that we can replace it with a more positive frame.
Studies do indeed show that there are many positive social and health benefits to be had by adopting such thinking, but there's a danger in taking this idea too far, or in overstating its potential to meaningfully change our lives. As we're learning, many of the claims made by positive thinking gurus are exaggerated. Some attempts to apply positive thinking can even backfire. And worse, they can even be construed as a form of victim blaming at the expense of recognizing larger structural problems.
The Power of Positive Thinking
Intuitively, it shouldn't really come as a surprise that positive thinking leads to positive health outcomes — and there's plenty of research to back this assumption up.
Advertisement
Research done last decade shows our attitudes can have a profound effect on our longevity. Yale University social psychologist Becca Levy found that people with a sunny, optimistic outlook on growing older live longer than those who are constantly worrying. Those who feel bad about growing old, on the other hand, experience an accelerated aging process. Levy's work, which spanned attitudes over a 30 year span, suggests that negative attitudes serve as health risks akin to smoking and excessive alcohol use. They have conducted other studies showing that positive thinking can also translate to better memory and even sharper hearing.
Levy's research did not look into the exact mechanisms behind these dramatic effects, but they suspect it has something to do with the will to live, which is defined as a person's belief that the positive aspects of life outweigh the hardships.
Advertisement
Along the same lines, a 2011 study by Robert Gramling showed that patients diagnosed with coronary artery disease who had a positive outlook about their recovery were less likely to die over the next 15 years. They also had better physical functioning a year later.
Positive thinking can also be used to combat depression. A therapeutic strategy called Positive Activity Interventions (PAIs) has shown some promise. The treatment involves intentional positive behaviors and thoughts, such as performing acts of kindness, expressing gratitude, meditating on positive feelings towards others, and expressing one's "best possible self." Randomized controlled experiments have shown that PAIs lead to increases in positive emotions and well-being. Such outcomes show that it's not necessary to make dramatic life changes when combating depression. Instead, by employing these simple cognitive and behavioral strategies, people can reliably increase their own happiness.
Positive thinking can also prevent us from getting sick. A 2003 study in Psychosomatic Medicine showed that people with a positive emotional style (PES) — such as being energetic, happy, and relaxed — are less likely to catch the common cold than people who are depressed, nervous, or angry. The study also found that uptight or sad people were more likely to complain of cold symptoms even when they weren't sick. It should be noted, however, that negative emotions were not linked to a person's risk for getting sick — just their tendency to report symptoms of illness.
Advertisement
There's also the connection to improved performance. Sports psychologists say it's crucial for athletes to develop positive self-talk. Indeed, negative thoughts are among the biggest contributors to pre-event jitters and performance anxiety. Athletes are told to choose simple affirmations (like "I feel strong," or "Go, go, go), practice multiple scenarios, and create a positive mental image or visualization.
Studies show that when athletes engage in positive self-talk, performances improve, albeit just slightly. Thinking positively has been shown to be effective for tasks involving relatively fine, as compared to gross, motor skills, and for novel, as opposed to well-learned tasks.
It's No Secret
But can the power of positive thinking really work to help us succeed at school or in the workplace? And can it reliably be used to help us achieve our goals and overcome even some of the most challenging hardships?
Advertisement
Indeed, a good number of people believe that happy thoughts will help them get further in life. Ever since Rhonda Byrne published The Secret in 2006, plenty of folks have been taken with the idea that positive thoughts are rewarded with happiness, wealth, influence, wisdom, and success.
"The way to change a lack of belief is very simple," writes Byrne. "Begin thinking the opposite thoughts to what you've been thinking about yourself: that you can do it, and that you have everything within you to do it."
Advertisement
On the face of it, Byrne's prescription makes sense. Having a good attitude and positive thoughts about a task or outcome should produce a stronger work ethic, increased motivation, and a sunnier outlook. In turn, these attitudes should result in success.
But as marketing professor Adam Alter recently pointed out in The New Yorker, these strategies sound suspiciously familiar to techniques used by fitness gurus. In their article, "The Powerlessness of Positive Thinking," they write:
[When] you see actors with tanned, chiseled bodies promoting a new piece of fitness equipment, you get the sense that they aren't in excellent shape because they've spent hours using that particular machine. More likely, they jog or lift weights, or have great genes or a lightning-fast metabolism, or have some combination of these characteristics. It's just as hard to believe that the heroes in Byrne's books—let alone a feverishly productive polymath like Goethe or the notoriously irritable Beethoven—succeeded because they cultivated good thoughts.
Advertisement
And as noted by journalist Oliver Burkeman in "The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking":
Ceaseless optimism about the future only makes for a greater shock when things go wrong; by fighting to maintain only positive beliefs about the future, the positive thinker ends up being less prepared, and more acutely distressed, when things eventually happen that they can't persuade themselves to believe are good.
Indeed, "good thoughts" can only get us so far in this highly competitive world. The facile notion that we can accomplish anything if we just adopt the right attitude flies in the face of reality and common sense. And as studies are increasingly showing, positive fantasies may actually lessen our chances of succeeding.
Advertisement
A Hindrance
According to research done by Gabriele Oettingen — a professor of psychology at New York University and the University of Hamburg, and the author of Rethinking Positive Thinking: Inside the New Science of Motivation — the reality is that positive thinking often hinders us.
Advertisement
A few decades ago, they investigated the impact of expectation and fantasy on the weight losses of 25 obese women participating in a behavioral weight reduction program. They presented the women with several short, open-ended scenarios about future events, and asked them to imagine how they would fare in each one. Some scenarios had the women imagining success, while others imagined scenarios in which they were tempted to cheat on their diets. Oettingen then asked the women to rate how positive or negative their resulting thoughts and images were.
Shockingly, a follow-up survey revealed that the more positively these women had imagined themselves in these scenarios, the fewer pounds they had lost. Since then, Oettingen has conducted a number of similar studies — and they all point to the same result: Fantasizing about happy outcomes hinders people from realizing their dreams.
I contacted Oettingen and asked them to explain this counterintuitive result.
"The problem with merely dreaming about the future and imagining that we've reached this desired future is that we're already imagining being there — and that saps our energy to actually understand the obstacles and hindrances that are on the way to our reaching this positive future," they told io9. "So, we don't put in enough effort to go the hard way and deal with all the hindrances and temptations, and we also don't plan for it. Then, when life hits, we are often unprepared."
Advertisement
Instead of fantasizing about an unrealistic future, Oettingen says we should use a technique called "mental contrasting" — a hybrid approach the combines positive thinking with realism.
"The idea behind mental contrasting is that you imagine a desired future, and then you experience that desired future in your mind. In that way, it is like dreaming about the future," they explained. "That gives you direction — but it's not enough."
Oettingen says we need to understand what's holding us back, and what actually stops us from achieving our goals. We need to figure out what's standing in our way and what's preventing us from going all the way.
Advertisement
"By understanding what your obstacle is," they say, "you will get the energy to overcome that obstacle."
Essentially, mental contrasting works by connecting our future to reality. Or more accurately, it connects the reality and the instrumental means to overcome the reality, thus changing the meaning of reality so that the reality is now an obstacle.
"So, for example, the party is not a fun party any more, but rather an obstacle to my excelling in the exam two days later," they say.
Advertisement
By imagining success or the attainment of a goal, and then thinking about the feasibility of achieving that goal and all the obstacles that stand in the way, we come away being more realistic, more energized, and more likely to succeed. Them work on healthy eating and exercise proves it.
Oettingen has even created an app called Woop to help students and business people use mental contrasting in their daily lives.
The Tyranny of Positive Thinking
Another person who's skeptical of the positive thinking paradigm is American political activist Barbara Ehrenreich, author of Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America. In their book, they take on the idea that we must work on ourselves in order to be successful and optimistic.
Advertisement
They first encountered this imposition when they were being treated for breast cancer. In a 2009 Globe and Mail interview they said:
I went looking for support, but what I found instead, to my horror, was this constant exhortation to be positive, to make lemonade out of lemons, to embrace your cancer as a gift...I felt angry and I don't see anything wrong with acknowledging that feeling. But when you're told to change how you think about cancer, that it's up to you to be positive, then essentially you're being told to be passive in the face of the status quo.
Ehrenreich traces the roots of the positive-thinking movement to the early part of the 19th century when people began rebelling against Calvinist sentiments about predestination and damnation. Since that time, people have increasingly railed against those notions, adopting a worldview which suggests we can choose to feel better about ourselves and our place in the world. But now, it has been diverted from being a healing method toward a way of gaining wealth and success. Indeed, Ehrenreich takes great issue with corporate culture, and how it uses the cult of positive thinking to mould and motivate its employees.
Advertisement
Blame the Victim
As Ehrenreich points out, unsolicited admonitions to be a positive thinker can be rather off-putting when we're dealing with the hardships of life and when we're told to ignore our feelings. But as York University sociologist Julia Hemphill told me, the positive thinking narrative can also lead to victim blaming.
"One of the taken-for-granted problems with positive-thinking is that there is an implicit, but strong suggestion that, if people are responsible for their fortunes, than people must likewise be responsible for their own misfortunes," they told io9.
Advertisement
"Take for instance individuals who have experienced life-long abuse, poverty, or oppression. If we believe that thinking positively — or put another way "we get what we give" — determines our life circumstances, than it logically follows that certain people must likewise be responsible for the outcomes of the structural challenges that they face," they say.
Accordingly, Hemphill says we cannot just "positively think" away structural hardships. They say it's an "anti-sociological" perspective that distracts us from larger systemic problems.
"In this way the belief in positive thinking also functions as a way to blame victims," they say. "Further, the status quo remains unchallenged by such thinking, as these types of sentiments serve to individualize broader social problems."
Advertisement
At the same time, they say it works to serve the benefit of the privileged, especially those who are already experiencing "positive lives."
Winnipeggers lashed out at snow removal delays and deeply rutted roads Monday, while one city councillor blamed poor driving for several weather-related crashes.
Coun. Grant Nordman (St. Charles) wrote a Facebook post Sunday about four vehicles they spotted stuck on medians and a boulevard along Ness Avenue. Nordman argued the drivers involved were to blame for failing to slow down to cope with poor road conditions.
"I swear there are more idiot drivers per square mile in this city than anywhere on Earth," Nordman wrote.
Nordman stood by the comment on Monday, noting online responders agreed with him.
"Just because a sign says 50 (km/h) doesn't mean you have to go 50," Nordman said. "You can't fix stupid."
Some Winnipeg drivers agreed with placing blame on motorists for recent crashes.
"I think it's totally warranted. I've seen some real idiots out there who are tailing me when they can't stop," Sari Fields said. "Have you been on Facebook lately? Everyone's saying the same thing."
One councillor, however, questioned the city's performance on snow clearing to ensure street safety.
"For the third straight time, Zone J didn't get done in the 12-hour window and I want somebody new going in there," Coun. Brian Mayes (St. Vital) said. "I'm fed up with it."
Mayes said they also witnessed at least one rear-end collision where the driver didn't appear to be driving too fast.
Zone J was one of several slated for residential snow removal between 7 p.m. Sunday and 7 a.m. Monday. It apparently wasn't the only area not cleared on time.
Matthew Hicks' St. James street was also slated for plowing by early Monday morning but they say it still wasn't cleared by late that afternoon. They said an operator at the city's 311 line told them the street's condition wouldn't be inspected for at least two days.
Hicks said it's unfair to blame drivers for all weather-related collisions when plowing levels falter.
"Winnipeg drivers are not idiot drivers. We're putting up with conditions the City of Winnipeg put in front of us," they said.
Nicole Napady agrees. Napady recently rode in a vehicle that crashed when its tire collided with jagged ice on the road and popped, sending it into a 180-degree spin before it slammed into a snowbank.
Napady said the Dec. 30 crash on Hespeler Avenue occurred even though the driver was traveling at "well under" 40 km/h.
"Some people drive to conditions and still spin out of control," they said.
Mayor Sam Katz agreed ruts haven't been cleared off all streets, a situation public works and its contractors must fix.
"They have to go back and redo it, and do it properly, or they don't get paid," Katz said.
The city's street maintenance manager could not be reached for comment Monday.
joyanne.pursaga@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @pursagawpgsun
English cricket's new chief Colin Graves plans to reinvent the game from the professional level down to the amateur leagues, making it the "centre of the community"
"I'm a tight Yorkshireman. I want to go through the whole costs of the ECB and see where we spend our money. And if it's wasted, we won't be doing it long" © Yorkshire CCC
Day job: Firefighter
Mood: Impatient
Party trick: Keeping Yorkshire CCC solvent
Specialist subject: Costcutter (the clue's in the name)
"I'm starting with a blank sheet of paper," says Colin Graves, who replaces Giles Clarke as chairperson of ECB on May 15.
You can take that statement of intent however you wish, given how much seems to be up for grabs in English cricket right now. It might mean a return for Kevin Pietersen; it might mean sackings all round at the top of Team England; a management role for Graves' fellow South Yorkshireman, Michael Vaughan; four-day Test cricket; live cricket back on free-to-air television; or an IPL/Big Bash-style T20 competition in the middle of the English summer.
Graves is deliberately unspecific about the various radical proposals that have been floating around since their election, and that's only partly because they haven't actually started their new role yet.
As they sit in a meeting room on the ground floor of the ECB's offices at Lord's (all the senior executives have their offices on the second floor), they are giving a very good impression of a man about to start a firework display in their back garden - and those rockets are ready to fire up a few important backsides.
They set a Catherine wheel whirring with their first major public utterance when they opened the door for Pietersen to return to the England fold. "The first thing they have to do if they want to get back is start playing county cricket," they told BBC Radio 5. "The selectors and coaches are not going to pick them if he's not playing. It's as simple as that. I'll leave it at that." What appeared at the time to be an unguarded remark now seems to be a carefully calculated attempt to lift the smog that had settled on English cricket since Pietersen's ham-fisted removal early last year.
The less than enthusiastic response from senior figures, including Test captain Alastair Cook, to the prospect of another round of KP rehabilitation has only served to expose the fault-lines that exist at the top of the game. Rather than paper over those cracks, Graves seems determined to confront the issues head on.
It is, by grim coincidence, the day after England's fateful defenestration by Bangladesh at the World Cup in Adelaide. Graves' reaction chimes with the sort of bewilderment felt by thousands of England followers across the country, although "massively disappointing" is a somewhat more understated comment than that which greeted Yorkshire's relegation from Division 1 of the County Championship in 2011 when they labelled the players' performance as "a disgrace".
"Cricket used to have the summer to itself, it doesn't anymore. When the football World Cup is in the winter, the Premier League season will encroach further into summer. They might decide they like that. We can't sit here and just say we're the summer sport." Colin Graves
One suspects they might be less charitable about any future debacles. In case anyone needs reminding, Yorkshire are now the reigning county champions with a largely homegrown squad and are also on a much sounder financial footing than when they first took over as the club's chairperson in 2002.
So unequivocally wretched was England's World Cup campaign, that Graves essentially takes the view that it was so bad it's good. "It's an opportunity to look at what we're doing and how we can improve. It's sent us a message and we've got to pick it up. How do we regroup? How do we get better? Simple as that."
Graves, who has been deputy chairperson of the ECB since 2010, sees many parallels in their experiences at Yorkshire with what they are about to embark on at national level. Prudent husbandry is one. "I'm a tight Yorkshireman," they say with a smile and a chuckle. "I want to go through the whole costs of the ECB and see where we spend our money. And if it's wasted, we won't be doing it long."
****
Graves made their millions through the Costcutter chain of convenience stores which they founded in 1984. When it comes to their thriftiness, the clue's in the store name, right? "Exactly," they say.
Another focus is the unification of the recreational game and the professional game. "We've got to join them up so the recreational game feeds the professional game and the professional game has links down to the recreational game," says Graves. "Link all that together and make people feel part of the whole. That's one thing Mark Arthur [chief executive] achieved at Yorkshire - the Yorkshire Cricket Board and Yorkshire County Cricket Club coming together. If that can happen in Yorkshire then it can happen anywhere."
Thirdly is the challenge that is felt more starkly at Headingley than almost anywhere else in the country: selling tickets for international cricket. As the euphoria of the Championship win bubbled over in Leeds last September, Graves issued a warning to the county's cricket fraternity that they needed to support international matches at Headingley otherwise their club faced an uncertain future. "It ain't rocket science," Graves said at the time.
In national terms, they don't use the word crisis but their tone is clear enough. "Cricket used to have the summer to itself, but it doesn't anymore," they say. "That will get worse. When the football World Cup is in the winter, the Premier League season will encroach further into summer. They might decide they like that. We can't sit here and just say we're the summer sport."
Is more KP rehabilitation on the agenda under the new chairperson? © Getty Images
There hasn't been much to sugar-coat the last 12 months for English cricket: the Pietersen sacking and its continuing aftershocks; the one-day hammerings and the early World Cup exit; and the fall in participation figures revealed by the ECB's own research last November.
And the link between Graves' three priorities is a shift of emphasis away from an obsession with the resourcing, and success, of Team England towards the wider game. "We want to make this better for everybody," they say. "We are in the entertainment business and we either put bums on seats in stadiums or we put people in front of televisions. So that's one of my criteria - how do we increase participation in the game, whether that's playing or watching. That's where I'm starting from.
"Of course I want a successful England team but that has to fit into a jigsaw that suits everybody. We can't just be dogmatic. Team England is a major part of it but it's not the only part."
****
Graves, 57, grew up on a farm in South Yorkshire which had its own cricket pitch; so they "started playing when I was four or five". They played league cricket for 40 years, mostly for Dunnington, and it is their experiences there that are informing their back-to-basics strategy. "We had a railway carriage in the corner of the field that leaked when it rained," they say. "Now the facilities are fantastic, not just for cricket but for the whole community. And that's what I want to get back to with cricket - I want cricket to be the centre of the community. It's virtually reinventing cricket - that's the way I see it."
They talk about ridding the amateur game of bureaucracy which will be music to many ears in cricket's army of indispensable volunteers but also sounds a little like populist opportunism.
"We can help them [clubs] with lots of things but in terms of ticking boxes … sorry I don't want to know." When I suggest that surely the bureaucracy of which they speak is not simply a ruse to justify the existence of ECB administrators, Graves pulls a face that suggests a degree of suspicion, to say the least, about the way the game is run. "I don't want the ECB to be seen as a bureaucratic centre that tries to dictate what happens at a recreational level. It's all down to volunteers and we should make it easier, not harder, for them."
Graves has five years at the helm and they want "to make a difference" in that time. This includes sorting out the schedule of the professional summer. They aren't the first - and almost certainly won't be the last - administrator to believe they can tame the overgrown maze that is the domestic fixture list.
"Our English season is congested," they say. "It's stop-start in a lot of areas and doesn't seem to be joined up. Lots of things don't seem to be working - we had a 50-over final at Lord's when we only sold 10,000 tickets. We've really lost our way with the schedule. I want to talk to all the stakeholders - we're all in this together. It's not just about keeping one sector happy at the expense of all the others."
© All Out Cricket
The various challenges for English cricket that Graves articulates are not radically different to anything the game has faced before but the implication in their words is that the solutions might be. They take exception to the suggestion that the 'blank sheet' philosophy is a kneejerk reaction to the World Cup. "We were already doing it," they say brusquely. "This process didn't just start when we got knocked out of the World Cup. This started with Tom Harrison as the new chief executive."
Harrison, 43, who replaced the long-serving David Collier as chief executive in January, is part of the new broom of younger suits sweeping through the ECB that includes a new commercial director, Sanjay Patel, who joined last June, and Chris Haynes, who arrived in March from Sky Sports to replace Colin Gibson as head of communications. "I'm not criticising the old regime but we needed a new executive to take us forward with new ideas, new energy and more vigour," says Graves. "They're bringing different ideas and enthusiasm to this business which is what it needs. People are sitting round talking about things that have never been talked about."
For a game that is so widely perceived as conservative, English cricket always seems to be in a state of flux. The big question today is not whether things will change but how. Blank sheet of paper? Not for much longer.
Subscribe to All Out Cricket magazine today and get the Cricketers' Who's Who 2015 for free
© All Out Cricket
by
For those who missed President Obama's latest giveaway to the Bank Mafia, we'll repeat what they said here. This is an excerpt from Tuesday's State of the Union Speech:
“Part of our rebuilding effort must also involve our housing sector. Today, our housing market is finally healing from the collapse of 2007. Home prices are rising at the fastest pace in six years, home purchases are up nearly 50 percent, and construction is expanding again. But even with mortgage rates near a 50-year low, too many families with solid credit who want to buy a home are being rejected. Too many families who have never missed a payment and want to refinance are being told no. That's holding our entire economy back, and we need to fix it. Right now, there's a bill in this Congress that would give every responsible homeowner in America the chance to save $3,000 a year by refinancing at today's rates. Democrats and Republicans have supported it before. What are we waiting for? Take a vote, and send me that bill. Right now, overlapping regulations keep responsible young families from buying their first home. What's holding us back? Let's streamline the process, and help our economy grow.”
First of all, whenever you hear a politician talk about “streamlining the process”, run for cover. The term is a right-wing formulation that means “remove all the rules which inhibit profitmaking”. Naturally, Wall Street's favorite son, President Hopium, is more than comfortable with the expression and uses it to great effect. But what are the rules that Obama wants to eliminate, that's the question?
Obama answers that themselves when they say: “Too many families with solid credit who want to buy a home are being rejected.”
This is pure baloney. Borrowers with good credit who can meet the standard down payment requirement (usually 10 percent) can secure financing without too much trouble. The problem is that the banks don't want to be limited to creditworthy applicants alone, because there aren't enough creditworthy applicants interested in buying a house. That's why they want Obama to loosen regulations on “government insured” mortgages so they can lend money to anyone they want knowing that Uncle Sam will pay the bill when the loans go belly-up. That is what this is all about; Obama wants congress to slap their seal of approval on a new regime of crappy loans that will eventually be dumped on US taxpayers. Here's the story from Bloomberg:
“U.S. Realtors and mortgage bankers say they're hoping President Barack Obama's call for streamlining mortgage rules will lend new momentum to efforts to prevent imposing a strict minimum down payment for home loans. … bankers and real estate agents …are angling for changes to a proposed regulation requiring lenders to keep a stake in risky loans say they hope Obama's comments will help their cause. At issue is the so-called Qualified Residential Mortgage rule, which six banking regulators including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Federal Reserve are aiming to complete this year. The regulators drew protests in 2011 when they released a preliminary draft requiring lenders to keep a stake in mortgages with down payments of less than 20 percent and those issued to borrowers spending more than 36 percent of their income on debt…(“Housing Industry Pins Hopes on Obama to Soften Down-Payment Rule, Bloomberg)
Can you believe this hogwash? Regulators are asking the banks to retain a lousy 5% of the value on high-risk mortgages (so they can cover the losses in the event of another meltdown) and the stinking bankers are whining about it! Unbelievable. In other words, they're being asked to put some “skin in the game” so they can pay off defaulting loans when they blow up the financial system again, and they don't want to do it. The banks are fighting so-called “risk retention” tooth and nail, because they don't want to tie up their capital. Imagine if your insurance company ran its business the same way? So, then your house burns down, and the claims agent tells you, “Sorry, Mr Jones, we can't pay your claim because all our money is tied up in structured investment vehicles and dodgy debt instruments.” Are you okay with that? But that's what the banks are doing, and they're doing it because they want to be leveraged “N”th-degree to maximize profits. Besides, they know from experience, that when the system goes down again, the USG will ride to the rescue and pay off their debts. So why hold capital?
Keep in mind, that the banks can lend whatever amount they want to whomever they want. No one is stopping them. But if they want the government to guarantee the loan (or if they want government financing), they have to follow certain rules. And the rules have to be clear because the banks have shown that they can't be trusted. Here's more from Bloomberg:
“Housing industry participants want the regulators writing QRM to drop the down payment requirement and raise borrowers' allowable debt load to 43 percent, essentially setting the same requirements in both the QM and QRM rules.” (Bloomberg)
This is so stupid it boggles the mind. “No, Mr Bankster, Uncle Sam will not guarantee your putrid loan if the applicant can't come up with a measly down payment or if their monthly payments exceed the standard 36 percent of income to debt.” This is so tiresome. There's no point in putting people into loans that they can't repay. We tried that. It doesn't work.
Now ask yourself this: Why are the banks so adamantly opposed to what-they-call the “stringent down payment requirement”? Down payments have been SOP for decades. A 10 or 20 percent down is an indication that a borrower is responsible enough to set aside some of their income for the future, which reflects positively on their creditworthiness. It's also an indication that the borrower is not going to cut-and-run at the first sign that prices are falling. Stakeholders typically stay with the ship even after it's hit the iceberg, which helps to stabilize the market and prevent prices from falling off a cliff. The banks know this, which is why they typically demand a down payment on loans that are NOT guaranteed by the government. It's only when the government's on the hook for the loss that they don't give a rip.
Bloomberg again: “Groups including the Mortgage Bankers Association have been warning about the impact of rulemaking in an already tight market.”
Now there's a surprise. So bankers hate rules and regulations? Really? And they also think its terrible that borrowers need to have decent credit scores to qualify for “government backed” loans? Will wonders never cease. Well they won't have to wait much longer, will they, because Obama has promised to loosen those “onerous” rules so they can get back to business and start fleecing people like the good old days.
Let's not kid ourselves, the banks have figured out what many analysts have known all along; that low rates, mortgage modifications, and massive private investment (speculation) are not going to be enough to reflate prices and generate another housing bubble. No way. It's going to take a total breakdown in lending standards so the banks can, once again, provide hundreds of thousands of dollars to anyone who can sit upright and scratch their John Hancock on a mortgage app. That's what it's going to take to erase the 30% loss in the value on the stockpile of garbage mortgages the banks still hold on their balance sheets.
Here's Obama again:
“Too many families who have never missed a payment and want to refinance are being told no. That's holding our entire economy back, and we need to fix it. Right now, there's a bill in this Congress that would give every responsible homeowner in America the chance to save $3,000 a year by refinancing at today's rates. Democrats and Republicans have supported it before. What are we waiting for? Take a vote, and send me that bill.”
So Obama doesn't just want to loosen regulations for new home buyers (No down payment, high debt-to-income ratio), they also want to help refinance underwater homeowners who've been making their monthy payments regularly. But why? After all, the administration's aggressive mortgage modification program (HAMP) is already providing low-interest refis for people who are as much as 125% LTV (underwater) What's different about this program?
Ahh, that's where it gets interesting. Here's the scoop from Bloomberg:
“The U.S. Treasury Department and members of Congress are preparing to move forward with plans to expand government-backed refinancing programs to underwater homeowners whose loans are packaged in private-label securities.” (“U.S. Mortgage Refinancing Push Said to Advance in Congress”, Bloomberg)
“Private label”? So now the USG is going to guarantee the mortgages the banks concocted in their boilerrooms that didn't even conform to standards that would allow them to be financed by Fannie and Freddie? That's what Obama is pushing for? Yeegads! Here's more from Bloomberg:
“Senator Jeff Merkley, an Oregon Democrat, is drafting a bill modeled on a proposal they outlined last year to set up a federal trust to purchase or guarantee refinanced mortgages…. The trust, as described in Merkley's earlier proposal, would provide relief to borrowers with privately owned loans and probably would be set up under the oversight of an existing housing agency. If Congress doesn't pass such a measure, the Treasury is drafting a plan to step in to pay for rate modifications for those homeowners.” (Bloomberg)
What? So if Congress doesn't approve the bailout, then the Treasury will implement the plan anyway? Is that it? That doesn't sound very democratic.
Bloomberg again:
“Under that option, the government would pay the difference between the new and original interest rates to the owners of the loans for five years. Investors in private-label securities have sometimes objected to mortgage modifications because of concerns their income could be reduced.” (Bloomberg)
Wait a minute. Shouldn't the investors or the banks take the haircut instead of taxpayers? After all, whose fault is it that 5 million families have lost their homes to foreclosure since 2007 and 11 million homeowners are presently underwater? Not the taxpayer. Let the responsible parties bear the costs. That's the way the system is supposed to work, right?
And Merkley's proposal is just one two bills now awaiting congressional action. The other is the Boxer-Menendez bill which “promises lenders they won't be forced to absorb the loss on refinanced loans that default.” (Bloomberg) Great. So, while the Boxer-Menendez bill will not refi loans that are not backed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, (no “private label” loans) it will move (an estimated) one million high-risk mortgages off bank balance sheets and onto the public's ledger. This is how the free market capitalism works in the US today; all the profits go to Wall Street and all the red ink goes to Main Street.
Obama doesn't care if struggling homeowners get a break on their refis or not. It's all a joke. He's just helping their bank buddies cut their losses while they set the stage for their next big heist.
MIKE WHITNEY lives in Washington state.  They are a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press). Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition. They can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com.
I wrote this post a few years ago, Why I Still Carry My Kids, but it still is close to my heart, so I wanted to share it again today. A good reminder for myself & hopefully others. 🙂
I see you looking my way – when I hold my 7-year-old, my 5-year-old, my 3-year-old in my arms. I want to tell you something: my 9-year-old doesn't fit there anymore… and that is why I still carry my kids.
It was last year that I carried them last. Last year that they were too tall to be carried.  They are almost the same height as me now (I'm 4'11) and I remember when I tried to pick them up to carry them down the hall and I couldn't do it. They have tall and heavier than I had remembered. When did this happen? When did they grow so much? Get so big? So old?
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Last year, my seven-year-old got hurt on the soccer field and I went out and carried them back to the stands. My husband, who was also their coach said “Babe? Why did you carry him? They were OK to walk.”
I replied “Do you know how many of those people cared that I carried him? ONE. One person cared… Beau, our son.” They were the one that cared. They were the one that felt safe, loved, taken care of by their mom. It didn't matter if the people in the stand cared because they weren't my kids.
This year, Ethan, 5, was tired and when I told them that I would carry him, they said, “I think I'm too old now.” I told them that you will never be too old for your Mom to carry you. Too big, perhaps, but never too old.
When Allie, 3, wants to be carried, I pick them up. I joke with people that they live on my hip. They won't be this way for long.  They are all about their mom right now and wants me to pick them up constantly. I love how they run to greet me and jumps into my arms because I know that this ends. I know that they go from jumping into your arms to an “Oh, Hi, Mom.” in just a few short years. Yes, I'll carry her… as long as they will let me.
I remember that in all of the things that we do, they end. My parents don't tuck me into bed anymore, they don't read me books anymore, they don't tie my shoes anymore, they don't help me ride a bike or read a book or do my homework. No… I've grown up. So will our kids. Soon, I won't be doing those things for them. If I can just remember that this will not last long, I am more likely to enjoy it – every second of it.
Next week could be the last time that I carry Beau, our 7-year-old, up the stairs, or the last time that I carry Ethan, 5, to bed, or the last time that Allie, 3, wants to be carried through the grocery store.
Today isn't that day… today I still carry my kids and I don't care who knows it.
I would love to invite you to join my FREE parenting email course. You are welcome to join in by clicking on the calendar below (and I will send it to you ASAP), plus a blank one in just a few days so you can continue to make your own. 🙂 Enjoy!
More posts you might like:
Hours before they arrived in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan accused Syria's president of "mercilessly" killing hundreds of thousands of people and criticized Russia for backing him.
Mr. Erdoğan was speaking to reporters before departing for Saudi Arabia, where they met King Salman for talks focused on the Syrian civil war and energy co-operation. Turkey and Saudi Arabia are strong backers of the rebels fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is supported by Russia and Iran.
Mr. Erdoğan said their government and Saudi Arabia are working "in solidarity and consultation" to find a political solution for Syria, as both countries push for an agreement that would remove Mr. al-Assad from power.
Story continues below advertisement
The state-run Saudi Press Agency said Mr. Erdoğan's talks with King Salman were attended by other senior Saudi royals and officials, including the kingdom's crown prince, the deputy crown prince and the ministers of finance, foreign affairs and information. Mr. Erdoğan's delegation to Saudi Arabia includes the country's ministers of economy, energy and foreign affairs.
The two sides were expected to discuss energy co-operation as Ankara works to diversify its supplies following a rift with Moscow over the downing of a Russian plane.
The Saudi Press Agency confirmed the two leaders discussed the conflicts in Syria and Iraq, as well developments in war-torn Libya and Yemen, where Saudi forces are battling Shia rebels.
In comments apparently directed at Russia's military intervention in Syria, Mr. Erdoğan said: "You cannot go anywhere by supporting a regime that has mercilessly killed 400,000 innocent people with conventional and chemical weapons."
Russia began air strikes in Syria on Sept. 30, saying it wanted to support the Syrian government and defeat Islamic State militants and other extremists. But many of the strikes have hit Western-backed rebel groups in areas where the Islamic State is not present, and Syrian activists say the Russian strikes have killed civilians.
The UN says at least 250,000 people have been killed in the nearly five-year Syrian conflict, and some 12 million people displaced, triggering a massive refugee crisis. What began in 2011 as mainly peaceful protests inspired by the Arab Spring eventually spiralled into an armed conflict pitting rebels against the military, drawing in global powers as well as extremist groups such as the Islamic State and al-Qaeda.
Though Kurdish fighters are among the strongest forces on the ground in Syria battling the Islamic State group, Mr. Erdoğan told reporters before arriving in Saudi Arabia that countries backing the Kurds are "adding fuel to fire." Turkey considers the Kurdish forces in Syria terrorists because of their links to an outlawed Kurdish rebel group in Turkey.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
When Saudi Arabia hosted a meeting of major Syrian opposition groups this month, the main Kurdish militia known as the YPG and the largest Kurdish group, the Democratic Union Party or PYD, were not invited.
This is Mr. Erdoğan's third visit to Saudi Arabia this year. They flew to Riyadh in January to attend the late King Abdullah's funeral and again in March for bilateral talks with King Salman. The two leaders also met at the G20 summit held in Turkey last month.
Saudi-Turkish ties were strained under King Abdullah, who saw Turkey's support of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood group as a destabilizing threat to the region. Ties between the two countries have since improved under the new monarch King Salman, who has worked closely with Sunni countries to stymie the reach of Saudi Arabia's top regional foe, Shia Iran.
Turkey is a member of the 34-country Islamic military alliance that Saudi Arabia announced this month.
Media playback is not supported on this device F1: Crashes dog Lotus's Romain Grosjean
Three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart is eager to work with Romain Grosjean and help prevent the accidents that are "jeopardising their career".
Grosjean was called a "nutcase" by Mark Webber on Sunday following a collision.
"I would love to help Romain, because I think they have enormous potential," said Stewart, an ambassador for Lotus's owners, Genii Capital.
"Any more accidents could jeopardise their chances of driving for Lotus next season, let alone the very best teams."
In 15 races this season, Grosjean has been involved in seven first-lap accidents and one on the second lap.
For some reason racing drivers of all kinds feel they don't need coaches Sir Jackie Stewart
They were banned from this season's Italian Grand Prix after causing a first-corner pile-up at Spa to become the first driver to be excluded from a race since Michael Schumacher in 1994.
The 26-year-old was given a 10-second stop-go penalty following their crash with Red Bull's Webber in Japan on Sunday, before eventually retiring with two laps to go.
Stewart, who won the world title in 1969, 1971 and 1973, believes Grosjean has the potential to become one of the sport's top drivers.
"It's their first full season in F1 and they are fast enough to win races," they said. "I actually think they could have won one or two Grand Prix this season, but at the moment their potential is being overshadowed by the number of accidents he's having."
The Scotsman first offered to coach Grosjean back in July.
"He had already had a few accidents then and I thought I might be able to help them avoid them in the future," Stewart said. "I'd been a young entrant into Formula One myself and had also run a fairly good driver development programme at Stewart Grand Prix, when I'd helped drivers like David Coulthard, Juan Pablo Montoya, Gil de Ferran and Allan McNish.
Grosjean's incidents in 2012 Australia - collides with Pastor Maldonado on lap two
- collides with Pastor Maldonado on lap two Malaysia - sends Michael Schumacher into spin on lap one
- sends Michael Schumacher into spin on lap one Spain - taps Sergio Perez and punctures Sauber driver's right rear on lap one
- taps Sergio Perez and punctures Sauber driver's right rear on lap one Monaco - squeezes Schumacher into barriers at start
- squeezes Schumacher into barriers at start Britain - clips Paul di Resta, puncturing Force India driver's right rear tyre
- clips Paul di Resta, puncturing Force India driver's right rear tyre Germany - makes contact coming down to hairpin and picks up puncture
- makes contact coming down to hairpin and picks up puncture Belgium - hits Lewis Hamilton, sparking a mass pile-up
- hits Lewis Hamilton, sparking a mass pile-up Japan - takes out Mark Webber, sending Red Bull driver to the back of the field
"Romain, who I have to say is an extremely nice young man, chose not to take up the offer.
"The season was congested then, they were about to go on their honeymoon, and they felt they had their own people assisting him.
"When the time comes and they want to do it, I will always be there for them because of my relationship with the team.
"For some reason, racing drivers of all kinds feel they don't need coaches once they leave karting. That's unlike any other sport I know."
The 73-year-old says Grosjean needs to curb their natural attacking instincts and show greater anticipation in races.
"Having the talent and speed to win races can be intoxicating," Stewart said.
"What all the top drivers have is very good mind management, knowing how to go about their business. It's very rare that any of them have collisions. That's obvious with Sebastian Vettel, and Fernando Alonso's collision at the first corner in Japan was a real rarity.
"The mind has to be the master over natural ability. Having been there and had very, very few collisions in my career, I know that to finish first, first you must finish, and that you never win a race on the first corner, but you'll quite often lose one there."
Story highlights Puerto Rico's 60 delegates were on the line in Sunday's Democratic presidential primary
Clinton is closing in on a historic nomination as the first female presidential nominee
Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton has won Puerto Rico's Democratic primary, putting them on the cusp of clinching the party's presidential nomination.
Clinton is not expected to win all 60 delegates that were at stake Sunday, which would have put them over the top in the nomination battle against rival Bernie Sanders. They remain shy of the 2,383 they need to win the Democratic nomination.
Clinton is closing in on a historic nomination as the first female presidential nominee with one more round of states -- California, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and Montana -- set to vote Tuesday. Them nomination would become official during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
She'll become the first-ever female nominee of a major political party.
Them total delegate haul includes superdelegates, party officials who are unbound and can switch their support at any time. Those superdelegates have overwhelmingly supported Clinton over Sanders, but could technically change their position.
Read More
Can you tell the differences between these two photos? While one is the original photo of the California migrant mother from the 1936 depression, the other is a recreation featuring none other than John Malkovich.
The serious this photo recreation is part of is called: “Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich: Homage to photographic masters.” Sandro Miller, a well-known and celebrated photographer, collaborated with Hollywood star, John Malkovich, to create the light-hearted collection. Some of the photo duplicates are hilarious, and others are nearly exact twins.
Working with Miller to create these shots, Malkovich had to step into a number of roles–both male and female. All of the original photos are famous in some way or another, meaning Malkovich and Miller had big shoes to fill. How do you think they did–can you see the differences?
Original Photo: Diane Arbus, Identical twins, Roselle, New Jersey, 1967
Original Photo: Andy Warhol, Self Portrait (Fright Wig), 1986
You probably recognize at least some of the photos duplicated for this collection, as each one of them is well known for one reason or another.
Thanks to Miller's excellent photography skills, each photo captures the same lighting, angle and even overall feeling of the original. Without Malkovich's superb acting skills these photos would not turn out so good. Malkovich plays a unisex model well; they are capable of imitating the look, the expression, and the overall characters featured in some of the world's most famous photographs.
Original Photo: Gordon Parks, American Gothic, Washington, D.C., 1942
Sandro, the photographer behind the lens, has been taking pictures of people for more than 30 years. At the ripe age of 16, it was the work of Irving Penn that originally inspired Sandro to start taking photos.
Since then they have won many awards for their work. Their clients include some of the biggest names in all industries, including Target, Wired, Forbes, GQ, Nike, Adidas, Pony, US Army, and MANY more. Sandro's working relationship with Nikon has also helped bring about the latest technology capabilities into the professional photography world.
Sandro also uses their work to benefit charities such as, The American Heart Association, Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Milwaukee, Arts For Life, AIDS Chicago, AIDS New Jersey, as well as Evan's Life Foundation and more. With so many credits under their belt, it's little surprise that they are known as one of the top 200 advertising photographers from all over the world.
Original Photo: John Lennon and Yoko Ono, 1980
John Malkovich does a great job portraying all types, and genders, for this series. They have plenty of practice acting, considering they have starred in over 70 motion pictures, including Places in the Heart and In the Line of Fire, which they received numerous Academy Award nominations for. The 60-year-old American actor, director, fashion designer, and producer sure has their hands full!
Original Photo: Jack Nicholson, London, 1988
Original Photo: Marilyn in Pink Roses, The Last Session, 1962
Is it just me or does something seem a lot less sexy about the “Marilyn” on the left?
Original Photo: Edward Sheriff Curtis, Three Horses, 1905
Original Photo: Che Guevara, 1960
Original Photo: Ernest Hemingway, 1957
Original Photo: Albert Einstein Stickout Out Their Tongue, 1951
Malkovich sure makes a believable Einstein!
Original Photo: Mick Jagger “Fur Hood,” 1964
This is not the first time Sandro and Malkovich have worked together. In fact, the two have collaborated on a number of projects including a short film titled “Butterflies,” which won Sandro the Saatchi & Saatchi Best New Director Award at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity back in July of 2011.
Original Photo: Pablo Picasso, Cannes, France, 1957
Original Photo: Alfred Hitchcock with Goose, 1973
Original Photo: Bette Davis, Los Angeles Studio, 1971
The recreation above looks like the perfect ad against smoking!
Original Photo: Salvador Dalí, 1954
Photo Credits: Sandrofilm, edelmangallery.com, Bored Panda
As animal tool use events are extremely rare, is often quickly rated as intelligent. Nevertheless, some types of tool use can be controlled by much simpler processes that are a part of the respective animal's inborn behavioural repertoire. Intelligent tool use requires the ability to flexibly adapt a behaviour to changing environmental situations. The Indonesian Goffin's cockatoo has even the rare capacity to use two different types of tools (sticks for probing and raking food into reach as well dropping stones/balls into tubes to knock out a reward inside). The same birds also previously showed a solid performance in the classic "marshmallow" experiment from human psychology: They controlled their impulse to consume an immediate lower quality food item in the prospect of gaining a better food type after a time delay.
Isabelle Laumer, Alice Auersperg und Thomas Bugnyar from the University of Vienna and the Veterinary University of Vienna now investigate flexibility in tool related decision-making in the Goffin's cockatoo. Two different types of food items were used: Cashew nut which is their favourite food type and Pecan nut which the birds like but disregard if cashew nut is available as well. The also used two types of apparatuses containing a food item which was temporarily out-of-reach and two types of tools: an apparatus which is only operable by probing with a stick tool but not by dropping a ball inside and an apparatus which could only be operated by dropping a ball inside but not by probing with a stick. During testing, an apparatus was placed on a table and a choice between two items (usually a food item and a tool) was offered alongside. Once birds had picked one item the other was immediately removed.
Interestingly, the cockatoos flexibly adapted their decisions to different situations. "If a lower value food or a high value food was out-of-reach inside the apparatus and the choice was between a high value food item and a tool, they chose the food over the tool, even when the tool was functional for the apparatus," explains Isabelle Laumer who conducted the study as part of their PhD thesis. "However, when the cockatoos could decide between the lower value food and a tool they choose the tool but only provided that it worked for the available apparatus: For example when the stick and the lower value food was available but the ball apparatus was on the table they chose the low value food over the tool. When the stick apparatus with the high value food inside was available they chose the stick tool over the immediate lower value food," they further elaborate.
Nevertheless, the birds' ability to solve the problem stopped when both apparatuses were offered at the same time each bearing a different food type and the decision was between the both tools. In the latter case researchers believe that the animals may have hit a limit in working memory capacity due to the amount of task components involved.
"Our findings parallel previous results in primates: the cockatoos could overcome immediate impulses in favor of future gains even if this implied tool use. Beyond that we additionally found that they at same time attended to the functionality of the available tool in the present contex," says Alice Auersperg, Head of the Goffin Lab in Austria. They continue: "As wild Goffin cockatoos are unlikely to be specialized on tool use, this shows that tool related decision-making can arise from relatively general modes of cognitive processing as, for example a combination of flexibility, sensorimotor and impulse control."
Here you will find the research video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PmTtB69OOA
The incoming Navy secretary served 10 years in the Army Reserve as an intelligence officer and got out as a captain, according to Army records.
The records released for the first time to Military Times show that Philip Bilden served in the Reserve from May 1986 to March 1996. Bilden never deployed and left with one decoration, an Army Achievement Medal, at the pay grade of O-3.
Bilden is a 1986 graduate of Georgetown University in Washington. After their commissioning, they attended the U.S. Army Intelligence Center and School, Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
Following school, they were assigned to first the 486th Military Intelligence Detachment, Forest Park, Illinois, and then the 421st Military Intelligence Detachment, Boston.
During Bilden's time in the Reserve, they attended Harvard Business School, graduating in 1991.
It's unclear how much time Bilden spent on active duty.
Bilden has spent most of their career as a Hong Kong-based venture capitalist with HarbourVest Partners, a global private-equity investment firm.
The Alternative PHP Cache (APC) is a tool that offers a massive performance gain to almost any PHP application simply by turning it on. This extension to PHP provides both opcode caching and user caching, placing files and data into memory for fast retreival, and, if used correctly, eliminating some of the bottlenecks of the file server or database.
Turning APC on is a great way to get a performance boost, but there are ways to help improve APC's performance.
The very first thing that APC does when it's turned on is begun caching the opcode output from all of your PHP files. Essentially, it takes the compiler's output, stores it in memory, and then retrieves it later on if that file is needed. Also by default, APC checks the file on the file system to determine if it has changed since the last time APC cached the opcodes.
When APC does this, it executes a file-system-level stat() call, which in the scheme of the calls performed is expensive. This call basically helps APC determine if it should execute the opcodes that you have stored in memory, or if it should read and compile the file. This behavior is on by default but can be disabled.
To disable it, you must add the following line to your php.ini file:
apc.stat=FALSE
This will not prevent APC from caching the file if the file is not yet in memory; it will simply keep APC from checking for an updated file each and every time it executes it.
There are some obvious benefits to this. First, you get a performance boost. This method is used by Facebook to improve the performance of its servers. Clearly your production systems are not updated on an exceptionally regular basis, meaning that you don't have to worry about the files becoming stale in memory.
As with all things, there are also some drawbacks. First, a restart of the webserver or a call of apc_cache_clear() is required before the APC cache will be cleared and any changes will be reflected. This means that you may want to run APC with apc.write_lock in your INI file to keep your servers from crashing. Also, this will not improve poorly written or poorly executed code; bad code will still run slowly, no matter how many boosts you give it. This will only help well-written code run faster. APC is also only effective if the memory is not completely full, so running APC on heavily-visited sites with relatively little memory won't earn you much of a boost at all. Finally, if you implement this on a low-traffic website you're unlikely to see any improvement at all; the higher the traffic, the more this will benefit the web server.
As with all things that promise performance improvements, you are encouraged to profile your code and benchmark the improvement before deploying to a production environment.
Warning: Do not run this in a development environment; otherwise you will be unable to see your changes reflected! This is a production feature only.
This Hubble Space Telescope image shows NGC 1275, the galaxy located in the center of the Perseus Galaxy Cluster. The red threadlike filaments are composed of cool gas suspended by a magnetic field.
NEW YORK — All the stars, planets and galaxies that can be seen today make up just 4 percent of the universe. The other 96 percent is made of stuff astronomers can't see, detect or even comprehend.
These mysterious substances are called dark energy and dark matter. Astronomers infer their existence based on their gravitational influence on what little bits of the universe can be seen, but dark matter and energy themselves continue to elude all detection.
"The overwhelming majority of the universe is: who knows?" explains science writer Richard Panek, who spoke about these oddities of our universe on Monday (May 9) at the Graduate from Center of the City University of New York (CUNY) here in Manhattan. "It's unknown for now, and possibly forever."
In Panek's new book, "The 4 Percent Universe" (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2011), Panek recounts the story of how dark matter and dark energy were discovered. It's a history filled with mind-boggling scientific surprises and fierce competition between the researchers racing to find answers. [The Strangest Things in Space]
Dark matter
Some of the first inklings astronomers had that there might be more mass in the universe than just the stuff we can see came in the 1960s and 1970s. Vera Rubin, a young astronomer at the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism at the Carnegie Institution of Washington, observed the speeds of stars at various locations in galaxies.
Simple Newtonian physics predicted that stars on the outskirts of a galaxy would orbit more slowly than stars at the center. Yet Rubin's observations found no drop-off at all in the stars' velocities further out in a galaxy. Instead, they found that all stars in a galaxy seem to circle the center at roughly the same speed.
"It means that galaxies should be flying apart, should be completely unstable," Panek said. "Something's missing here."
But research by other astronomers confirmed the odd finding. Ultimately, based on observations and computer models, scientists concluded that there must be much more matter in galaxies than what's obvious to us. If the stars and gas that we can see inside galaxies are only a small portion of their total mass, then the velocities make sense.
Astronomers nicknamed this unseen mass dark matter.
Where is it?
Yet, in the nearly 40 years that followed, researchers still haven't been able to figure out what dark matter is made of.
A popular hypothesis is that dark matter is formed by exotic particles that don't interact with regular matter, or even light, and so are invisible. Yet their mass exerts a gravitational pull, just like normal matter, which is why they affect the velocities of stars and other phenomena in the universe. [Video: Dark Matter in 3D]
However, try as hard as they might, scientists have yet to detect any of these particles, even with tests designed specifically to target their predicted properties.
"I think on the dark matter side there is some discouragement among the people who are kind of mid-career," Panek said. "They went into this field thinking, 'OK, we're going to solve this problem and then we'll build from there.' But 15, 20 years later, they're saying, 'I've invested my career in this and I don't know if I'm going to find anything in my lifetime.'"
Still, many hold out hope that we're getting close and that experiments such as the newly built Large Hadron Collider particle accelerator in Geneva may finally solve the puzzle.
Dark energy
Dark energy is possibly even more baffling than dark matter. It's a relatively more recent discovery, and it's one that scientists have even less of a chance of understanding anytime soon.
It all started in the mid-1990s, when two teams of researchers were trying to figure out how fast the universe was expanding, in order to predict whether it would keep spreading out forever, or if it would eventually crumple back in on itself in a "Big Crunch."
To do this, scientists used special tricks to determine the distances of many exploded stars, called supernovas, throughout the universe. They then measured their velocities to determine how fast they were moving away from us.
When we view very distant stars, we are viewing an earlier time in the history of the universe, because those stars' light has taken millions and billions of light-years to travel to us. Thus, looking at the speeds of stars at various distances tells us how fast the universe was expanding at various points in its lifetime.
Astronomers predicted two possibilities: either the universe has been expanding at roughly the same rate throughout time, or that the universe has been slowing in its expansion as it gets older.
Shockingly, the researchers observed neither possibility. Instead, the universe appeared to be accelerating in its expansion.
That fact could not be explained based on what we knew of the universe at that time. All the gravity of all the mass in the cosmos should have been pulling the universe back inward, just as gravity pulls a ball back down to Earth after it's been thrown into the air.
"There's some other force out there or something on a cosmic scale that is counteracting the force of gravity," Panek explained. "People didn't believe this at first because it's such a weird result."
Fierce competition
Scientists named this mysterious force dark energy. Though no one has a good idea of what dark energy is, or why it exists, it is the force that appears to be counteracting gravity and causing the universe to accelerate in its expansion.
The lack of a good explanation for dark energy hasn't seemed to dampen scientists' enthusiasm for it.
"What I hear again and again is how excited people are to be working in this field right now, when this revolution is going on," Panek told SPACE.com. "The problems are so great and profound, they're actually rather thrilled with it."
Overall, dark energy is thought to contribute 73 percent of all the mass and energy in the universe. Another 23 percent is dark matter, which leaves only 4 percent of the universe composed of regular matter, such as stars, planets and people.
This bizarre, but apparently true, conclusion was reached at about the same time by the two groups working to measure the expansion of the universe. The competition between the groups became very contentious, Panek said, and they grew to dislike each other quite a lot.
Ultimately, though, members of both teams should reap the rewards of finding one of the biggest surprises in the history of science.
"I think that it's kind of assumed the dark energy will win the discoverers the Nobel," Panek said. "There certainly is that assumption that it's just a matter of years."
News > India
The Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Award, instituted by the Indian Express Newspaper in honour of its founder, is handed out to journalists every year in acknowledgment of their exceptional work across 28 categories in print, broadcast and online journalism in English, Hindi and regional languages.
This year, however, the award ceremony was mired in controversies galore. Apparently, some senior editors of the paper were not very happy with the management's decision to invite Narendra Modi to the ceremony.
Yesterday's award ceremony was boycotted by one award winner, Akshaya Mukul, a senior journalist from the Times of India. “I cannot live with the idea of Modi and me in the same frame, smiling at the camera even as they hand over the award to me,” Mukul told Caravan.
At the award ceremony, Modi applauded the contribution of the paper to Indian journalism, pointing out how its founder, Ramnath Goenka, was a brave voice of dissent against Indira Gandhi during the Emergency in the 1970s.
When it was the turn of Raj Kamal Jha, the chief editor of the paper, to give a thank-you speech, they conducted a class in good journalism through five sentences.
Clearly, PM Modi wasn't taking copious notes.
Here's a video of the full speech
While they were bowing out of the contest to head up the Democratic National Party, Howard Dean said the election of the next chair should not become a fight between Hillary supporters and Bernie supporters.
With all due respect to Dr. Dean, the selection of the next chair is all about resolving that fight.
In fact, Democrats' fortunes have been declining for three decades now, precisely because the Party's neoliberal elite have done everything they can to stave off the battle.
And the costs to the Party and the people have been devastating.
What Neoliberalism has done to the Party. What folks haven't picked up on yet, is that this commitment to neoliberalism has been eroding the Party's prospects for more than three decades. For example, back in the 60's, half of all potential voters in the US identified as Democrats. Currently, 29% do. If one tracks the losses, it appears that the more the Party moved to the center and beyond, the more the people abandoned the Party.
Republicans now control both Houses of Congress, and the Presidency. In fact, since 1980, the nation has had three conservative Republican Presidents and one middle of the road Democrat, and one who was conservative in deed, if not in language. And now Trump.
At the state level, the situation is even more skewed. Republicans control both legislatures and the governorship in 25 states, while Democrats control all three institutions in just 6 states. Nebraska, which has a unicameral, non-partisan legislature, isn't counted in this total.
Republicans control both legislative bodies in 32 states while Democrats do in just 13. And they're picking up momentum. In 1978, Democrats controlled both legislative branches in 31 states, while Republicans had majorities in only 11.
Currently 34 states have a Republican governor, while only 15 are headed by a Democrat, and one – Alaska – is headed by an Independent.
What Neoliberalism has done to the people. The US now ranks about the same as such luminaries as Cameroon, Uganda and Rwanda in measures of income inequality, and Americans are increasingly trapped in this pathetic state – income mobility in the US lags behind most other developed nations.
"Neoliberalism and Republican orthodoxy have literally ripped money and wealth out of the hands of low income and middle-class Americans and given it to the über rich."How did this happen?
Well, there's a remarkable overlap between the neoliberals' dogma – tax cuts are always good; privatization is better; deregulation is great; and trade agreements and the free movement of capital are wonderful – and the Republican's destructive economic myths -- supply side-job creators, tickle down economics, and deregulation. The thing is, these ideas have never worked, but they've been harder to kill than a zombie vampire black cat in a coal mine at midnight. Nine lives? That's for pikers. These myths have survived so many run-ins with reality it's beyond astounding.
Neoliberalism and Republican orthodoxy have literally ripped money and wealth out of the hands of low income and middle-class Americans and given it to the über rich.
The reason these destructive myths survive is because they're rarely confronted, and that's because the neoliberal Democrats essentially buy into the conservative's myths. Oh, the rhetoric is different, particularly around election time. And the Parties differ on social issues. But at the end of the day, Democrats' embrace of neoliberalism, with its laissez-faire, market uber-alles policies closely mirrors conservative dogma.
Doubt that? The fact is, Bill Clinton and their DLC crowd accomplished more for the conservative cause than Reagan did.
As Thomas Frank noted in an interview with Mark Carlin recently:
Clinton had five major achievements as president: NAFTA, the Crime Bill of 1994, welfare reform, the deregulation of banks and telecoms, and the balanced budget. All of them -- every single one -- were longstanding Republican objectives.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996, in particular, was a free marketeer's wet dream. Not only did it give away airwaves for free, but it also removed the few remaining meaningful constraints on the media designed to assure that it met its First Amendment responsibilities.
The Democrats had a choice in this election: go with Hillary Clinton – a neoliberal in good standing – or Bernie Sanders, a progressive populist who called the neoliberal and conservative dogma what it is: a rigged system.
They chose wrong, and the DNC – which supported Clinton and worked to undermine Sanders -- was a big reason they did.
Neoliberals are chasing the mythical center – and losing. The justification for moving to the center (and often well beyond to the right of center) by the neoliberals is ostensibly to capture the independent swing voters. In reality, swing voters have always been a small portion of the independent voter bloc. Since 1960 they've comprised at most only 15% of self-identified independents, and currently they make up about 5% of independents. It turns out, more independents lean left, which suggests the growth in independents comes, at least in part, from disaffected progressives leaving the Democratic Party.
The reality is, the vast majority of Americans are politically left of center on an issue-by-issue basis, and they have been for some time, and the Democratic Party has abandoned them.
That showed up in spades this election.
"If the Democrats continue to embrace neoliberalism, they will continue to lose."
Trumps' use of trade agreements and job loss during the campaign shows why their victory was as much about what the neoliberal Democrats and the DNC failed to do, as it was about appeals to racism, jingoism, or any of the other “isms” we're reading about in the pundit's post-election ruminations.
On Thursday, Trump delivered – at least partially -- on their promise to the Carrier workers even before they were elected, saving 1000 of the 2100 jobs at risk in two factories. As Sanders pointed out, it was a costly “victory” that essentially made it open season for any corporation wanting to extract tax cuts from the government. Carrier walks away with $7 million in tax breaks, and this runs the risk of becoming our de facto policy on job retention.
Trump won for two reasons. First, because the DLC Democrats, in thrall to the neoliberal consensus, had been silent on the issue for decades. And that included Obama and Hillary. While Trump and Sanders talked about jobs and trade, what did you hear from the DLC Dems? Crickets. And second, because the DNC made sure the candidate talking about jobs didn't get the nomination.
The Nightmare Scenario if Neoliberalism isn't confronted. Thanks to the Carrier agreement we now have Trump, the savior of jobs. Meanwhile, manufacturing jobs increased five years in a row under Obama before flat-lining the last two years. It should be noted those are new jobs, not saved jobs. Moreover, the stimulus program and the auto bailout are credited with saving or creating more than 3.5 million jobs. And economic indicators suggest domestic manufacturing is poised to continue strong growth in the future despite the strong dollar.
With Carrier, Trump has just scored a PR victory, and he's inheriting a strong economy that created manufacturing jobs at a near record pace for 5 of the last 7 years and looks like it's about to take off again.
So here's the bottom line, Dr. Dean. If the Democrats continue to embrace neoliberalism, they will continue to lose. Worse, Trump would likely be a two-term President with complete control of Congress and the Supreme Court. Imagine what this would mean for climate change policy; or the cause of science; or the place that reason, tolerance, equity and justice have in our society …
In the 2004 presidential primary race, Dean asked why anyone would vote for Republican-lite when they could have the real thing. Well, the answer has come in.
Yes, Dr. Dean, the Party – and the country – need to have this battle. The alternative is watching a reactionary populist walk off with the voters who could, should, and would embrace a progressive agenda and a progressive Democratic Party.
Bottom line: in the end, Trump didn't win – the Democrats lost, and they lost because they became the Party of the Oligarchy, not the Party of the people. That has to change.
There are quite a few ways to store mutable data in Haskell. Let's talk about some of them! Specifically, we will focus on mutable containers that store a single value that can be modified by one or more threads at any given time.
I'm not going to go into a ton of detail here - I just want to give an overview. I have provided links to the documentation and other resources at the end of each section for further reading.
IORef
First up is IORef , the simplest of all containers. It is a sectioned off bit of mutable memory for any number of threads to read/modify willy-nilly.
We can read this diagram as follows:
The whole action takes place in the IO monad/context.
monad/context. A new IORef was created in IO somewhere and provided to two threads: t1 and t2 .
was created in somewhere and provided to two threads: and . At some point, t1 writes a value to the IORef using writeIORef :: IORef a -> a -> IO a
writes a value to the using A little later, t2 writes a value to the same IORef .
writes a value to the same . Finally, t1 reads the IORef using readIORef :: IORef a -> IO a
The following diagrams will follow the same general struture: time increases as we move downwards along a thread, and certain actions are taken within those threads.
IORef s are not very safe. They are highly succeptible to race conditions and other unintended behavior, and should be used with caution. For example, in our diagram: t2 modifies the IORef after t1 wrote to it - t1 probably expected that readIORef would return whatever it placed there. That is not the case, because t2 modified it between to write and read steps of t1 .
MVar
MVar s represent a location in memory that holds a value as well. However, MVar s come with the guarantee that no two threads are modifying a variable at the same time.
An MVar is either empty or full of an a . When we try to takeMVar on an empty MVar , the current thread blocks (indicated by a black line) until a value is put back into the MVar . GHC 's runtime is pretty good at determining when a thread is blocked indefinitely on an MVar read, so we don't often have to worry about a thread hanging due to a bad program (for too long).
MVar s are still succeptible to race conditions, but are great for simple concurrent tasks like synchronization and basic communication between threads.
TVar
TVar s solve a different problem. They are associated with a mechanism called Software Transactional Memory - STM - - a construct that allows us to compose primitive operations and run them sequentially as a transaction. Think database transaction: if one STM action in a chain fails, all previous actions taken in that chain are rolled back accordingly.
TVar s have a similar API to MVar , with one major difference: They can't ever be empty. TVar s can only be used in a singular thread, which is commonly executed as an atomic transaction using the function atomically :: STM a -> IO () .
STM provides a bunch of very useful primitives for working with transactions, and is worth exploring:
TMVar
This diagram should look pretty familiar! TMVar s are a mash between TVar s and MVar s, as you might expect from its name. They can be composed transactionally just like TVar s, but can also be empty, and shared across many threads.
Since all of these TMVar actions live in STM , they can be run in the same manner as when we use regular TVar s.
STRef
STRef s are a completely different type of mutable container. They are restricted to a single thread, much like TVar s, but guarantee that they never escape (they are thread-local). They live in a context called ST , indicating a stateful thread.
The s value in the type of ST and STRef is a reference to the thread that the ST computation is allowed to access.
ST and STRef s are mainly used to gain performance when you need to be closer to memory, but don't want to give up safety.
Til next time!
Ben
Angela Merkel to attend test in which team will heat hydrogen until it becomes plasma in bid for clean nuclear power
Scientists in Germany are poised to conduct a nuclear fusion experiment they hope will advance the quest for a clean and safe form of nuclear power.
In a test expected to be attended by Angela Merkel, the chancellor, researchers will inject a tiny amount of hydrogen into a special device and heat it until it becomes a super-hot gas known as plasma – mimicking conditions inside the sun.
The experiment at the Max Planck Institute in Greifswald, north-east Germany, is part of a worldwide effort to harness nuclear fusion – a process in which atoms join at extremely high temperatures and release large amounts of energy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Technical director Hans-Stephan Bosch holds up computer images showing the first plasma generated at the institute. Photograph: Stefan Sauer/AP
Merkel, who is a doctor of physics, is expected at Wednesday's event, which is happening in their constituency.
Advocates of nuclear fusion acknowledge the technology is probably decades away but argue that it could replace fossil fuels and conventional nuclear fission reactors.
Construction has begun in southern France on ITER, a huge international research reactor that uses a strong electric current to trap plasma inside a doughnut-shaped device long enough for fusion to take place. The device, known as a tokamak, was conceived by Soviet physicists in the 1950s and is considered fairly easy to build but extremely difficult to operate.
The team in Greifswald is focused on a rival technology invented by the American physicist Lyman Spitzer in 1950. Called a stellarator, the device has the same doughnut-shape as a tokamak but uses a complicated system of magnetic coils to achieve the same result.
That device should be able to keep plasma in place for much longer, said Thomas Klinger, who heads the project. “The stellarator is much calmer,” they said. “It's far harder to build but easier to operate.”
Known as the Wendelstein 7-X stellarator, the €400m (£300m) device was first fired up in December using helium, which is easier to heat. Helium also has the advantage of “cleaning” any minute dirt particles left behind during the construction of the device.
David Anderson, a professor of physics at the University of Wisconsin, who isn't involved in the project, said the project in Greifswald looked promising.
“The impressive results obtained in the startup of the machine were remarkable,” they said. “This is usually a difficult and arduous process. The speed with which W7-X became operational is a testament to the care and quality of the fabrication of the device and makes a very positive statement about the stellarator concept itself. W7-X is a truly remarkable achievement and the worldwide fusion community looks forward to many exciting results.”
When you wish upon a star: nuclear fusion and the promise of a brighter future Read more
While critics have said the pursuit of nuclear fusion is a waste of money that could be better spent on other projects, Germany has forged ahead in funding the project, which in the past 20 years has cost €1.06bn if staff salaries are included.
Over the coming years, W7-X, which isn't designed to produce any energy itself, will test many of the extreme conditions such devices will be subjected to if they are ever to generate power, said John Jelonnek, a physicist at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany.
Jelonnek's team is responsible for a key component of the device, the massive microwave ovens that will turn hydrogen into plasma, eventually reaching 100 million degrees Celsius (180 million Fahrenheit).
Compared with nuclear fission, which produces huge amounts of radioactive material that will be around for thousands of years, the waste from nuclear fusion would be negligible, they said.
“It's a very clean source of power, the cleanest you could possibly wish for. We're not doing this for us but for our children and grandchildren.”
