Some parts of this page will not display.
JavaScript is not available in this browser or may be turned off.
The Alberta Cannabis Framework proposes who will be able to buy and use cannabis once it is legal, where they will be able to buy it and where they will be allowed to use it.
The framework supports four policy priorities for legalization: keeping cannabis out of the hands of children, promoting public safety on roads, in workplaces and in public spaces, protecting public health and limiting the illicit market.
“I'd like to thank every Albertan who participated in our various engagements regarding cannabis legalization over the summer. With your input, we've drafted a proposed framework to manage legalized cannabis in our province. We look forward to receiving additional feedback from Albertans on this framework.” Kathleen Ganley, Minister of Justice and Solicitor General
High-level details of the draft framework
A minimum age of 18 to purchase and consume cannabis.
Provincial oversight and regulation of wholesaling and distribution of cannabis products through the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission (AGLC).
A public possession limit for adults of 30 grams.
The ability to grow up to four cannabis plants, no taller than one metre, at home for personal use.
Restrictions on retail locations selling alcohol, tobacco or pharmaceuticals together with cannabis.
Strict rules around zoning retail locations and training for employees.
Provincewide restrictions on where cannabis can be used in public, with an emphasis on protecting children and limiting second-hand exposure.
Ability for municipalities to introduce additional restrictions on public consumption.
New tools to expand the ability of police to address drug-impaired driving.
Development of an extensive public education program.
Full details of the draft Alberta Cannabis Framework are available online and Albertans are encouraged to provide feedback to the government.
The online survey runs until Friday, Oct. 27 at midnight. A final version of the framework and legislation is expected to be introduced later this winter.
Quick facts
More than 45,000 Albertans responded to our online survey about cannabis this summer – one of the most successful government surveys in Alberta's history.
The government also completed meetings with over 100 stakeholder and sector groups. These meetings included Indigenous groups, private industry, municipalities, the AGLC, health-care providers, law enforcement and members of the transportation and labour sectors.
Listen to the news conference
Ola
"His threats still linger in my mind."
In yet another incident to do with taxi aggregators, a Chennai-based publisher has alleged that a cab driver with Ola threatened to slit their throat after they got into an argument over the their rash driving.
The incident, first reported by The Hindu, took place on Sunday night when Vilasini Ramani's fiancé booked an Ola cab for them from Thiruvanmiyur to Valasaravakkam.
In a Facebook post, which has been widely shared, Vilasini recounted, "Instead of taking the cab directly from outside my home, I took it from a nearby shop. Once I sat in, the driver drove the car at top speed. I asked them to slow down because the speed made me carsick."
But, they say, they did not listen to them "I yelled at them to go slower. They told me that customers should not treat drivers like this. They stopped the vehicle and said, 'Why don't you hail a bullock cart instead'."
The driver dropped them at Madhya Kailash around 10 pm and Vilasini gave them a bad rating. However, they felt scared when the car continued to stand a few metres away from them
Vilasini then tried hailing an auto. "While I was negotiating with them (auto driver), I didn't realise that the cab driver had come next to me. They asked me, 'Who will pay?' I said it was bad driving and that they didn't listen to me. They gave me a dirty stare and said, 'I will slit your throat'. I immediately began checking whether they had any weapons with them at that moment. They then told me to do whatever I wanted to."
Them ordeal did not end there though.
They reached Nungambakkam and went to the police station. "Why are you filing a complaint in the Nungambakkam station when it happened in Guindy?" a police official asked her, they say. "I replied that I had nothing to do with Guindy and that the incident just happened to take place there. I was given a police escort along with the auto. No complaint was lodged."
The incident has left a deep impact on Vilasini. "I fear for the safety of this city, their words will always ring in my ears," they wrote.
Ola's "un-official" apology
In a new post uploaded on Tuesday, Vilasini said that a representative of Ola got in touch with them after the incident was reported about.
But their response came to them as a "complete disappointment".
We have come a long way since we first ate fresh fruit in Pac-Man and found pork chops hidden in the walls of Dracula's castle. Today, writer and photographer Holly Green released their cook book of gaming-inspired recipes called Fry Scores: An Unofficial Guide to Video Game Grub, and we had a chance to catch up with them to talk about the project.
Green tells us that the project has been over two years in the making. “I started the book at my last publication following an article I'd written about food in video games, and the idea took off from there,” they say.
The book is designed to provide accessible recipes that have a touchstone in gaming. ”Choosing the recipes was one of the more difficult parts of the process, as I wanted to present a practical list of dishes that could be eaten any day of the week,” they explain. “I noticed that a lot of video game food blogs updated infrequently and featured items that were either difficult to make or didn't hold general interest. I wanted to bring together a full list of recipes that would include cuisine staples and cover a basic level of culinary instruction.”
Fry Scores features a number of original recipes pulled from games in which their mention and inclusion is used as simple set dressing. Green makes these items, like Skyrim's Apple Cabbage Stew and Cook Cook's Fiend Stew from Fallout: New Vegas, the centerpiece instead of the background.
Green shared one of their recipes from the book, an original creation fashioned after Yeto's Soup from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. In the game, Yeto prepares three different versions based on the quality of ingredients. The final one, Superb Soup, includes Ordon Goat Cheese in addition to the Ordon Pumpkin, and Reekfish included in the previous iterations.
Click to enlarge.
Ingredients:
1/3 lb. sockeye salmon
1 tablespoon minced garlic
16 oz. heavy cream
1 cup pumpkin puree
4 oz. goat cheese
bay leaf
1 tsp. sea salt
1 1/4 tsp. smoked paprika
3/4 tsp. white pepper
dill for garnish
The most important part of this dish is the quality of the ingredients. Choose a quality cut of sockeye salmon and a pure goat cheese that crumbles easily. For this recipe, a bourbon infused goat cheese was used, enhancing the soup with a light smoky flavor. If you cannot find a smoky goat cheese, a shot of bourbon can be added to the finished soup base.
The first step is to create a cream-goat cheese base. This is achieved by slowly blending the two over a low heat. Crumble the goat cheese into small chunks, then place in 2 quart saucepans over LOW heat. Slowly add cream, tablespoon by tablespoon, blending into the cheese with a fork or large wooden spoon. Continue until full 16 oz has been completely added. Once all the cheese has melted, the resulting liquid will be thick.
Add to it two bay leaves, paprika, salt, and white pepper and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat, then add pumpkin puree by the tablespoon while stirring constantly. Once all pumpkin puree has been added, cover mixture and let simmer.
Next broil the salmon. Since salmon is thin it does not require a lot of heat. Once it is fully cooked it will separate easily from the skin. Place the salmon on a cookie sheet covered in tin foil.
Broil on the LOW setting for about fifteen minutes or until flesh has turned light pink, then switch to HIGH. Cook an additional six to eight minutes, monitoring carefully until the edges of the salmon are caramelized and appear crispy, then remove from the oven and cool completely.
When ready to serve, spoon hot pumpkin soup into a bowl, then place slices of cooked salmon on top. Garnish with dill, rainbow pepper corn, and smoked paprika.
Click to enlarge.
In addition to unique creations like Yeto's Soup, Green's book also includes clever twists on more common creations. “For recipes like grilled cheese, putting my own signature spin on it was a challenge,” Green tells us. “But it was also a major concern of mine, as some of the dishes were classic to the point of being universally known.”
Included in Fry Scores are recipes for French Toast (The Sims 3), Pork Katsu (Cooking Mama), and Red Curry (the Kirby series). “The idea was to not use too many convoluted or expensive ingredients, and just present simple food done well,” Green explains. “In fact with one recipe there was almost no creative leeway: Key lime pie, which requires a very specific ratio of egg to juice to condensed milk in order to cook properly and thus cannot be made any differently. For that one, I offer a spin on the crust, suggesting flaked coconut mixed in with the graham cracker crumbs.”
Alongside each recipe is original photography. “That was probably the most time consuming part of the process,” they recount. “Food photography, like many things, can easily be picked up through basic observation, but I had to reshoot many of the recipes as my skills improved over the past two years. I spent a lot of time looking at photos from a variety of artists and determined what it was I liked about each of them, then set out to incorporate those into my work. Good artistry often starts with mimicry, and from Flickr photographers and Martha Stewart magazines I learned the importance of color, texture, depth of field, and natural lighting.”
You can see some of Green's photography above. The book is available now via iTunes and iBooks on Macs and iDevices. Additional formats will be available in the future.
As for “DLC” for Fry Scores, Green has thoughts about what's next. “I would like to do a video game cocktail book but sadly there are few cocktails actually featured in video games (I would also never want to step all over the great stuff that The Drunken Moogle is doing),” they say. “One plan is to do a supplemental instruction guide on how to make homebrew beer, with a guest authorship from video games' biggest craft beer enthusiast/homebrewer Kinsey Burke. I'm also open to the idea of a future update with additional recipes, relying on suggestions from readers, but I would like to finish my next book, a history of gin, before I revisit Fry Scores.”
Western Front
Somme – MAIN GERMAN RETREAT TO THE HINDENBURG LINE begins (until April 5): German Second and First Armies involved. BEF Fifth Army follows cautiously including 4th (1st Indian) Cavalry Division.
Middle East
Mesopotamia – Battle of Mushahida Station (20 miles north of Baghdad, west of the Tigris): Cobbe's 7th Division (518 casualties) with 46 guns smashes Turk rearguard (800­-1,000 casualties) after night march from Baghdad (returns on March 17). British 40th Brigade occupies Kasirin (28 miles north of Baghdad, east of the Tigris).
Home Fronts
Russia: Provisional Government proclaimed, meets Petrograd Soviet. Petrograd Soviet Order No 1 demoralize Army, orders elected committees to control weaponry and one representative per coy to Soviet; saluting off duty abolished. Tsar's train stopped at Pskov.
Strikes and 30,000-strong march at Reval (until March 15).
France: War Minister Lyautey resigns because of Socialist hostility.
Over the past few years, artificial hands have come a long way in terms of dexterity. They can grasp, shake hands, point, and, usefully, make the "come hither" gesture.
Now, researchers at the Cleveland Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University have made significant progress in building a prosthetic hand that provides something like a sense of touch.
The hand, which you can see put to use in a demonstration in the video above, has 20 sensitive spots that can perceive other objects' physicality. Implants that connect those spots to nerves in the patients arm have continued to work 18 months after installation, which MIT Technology Review reports, notes is a important milestone since "electrical interfaces to nerve tissue can gradually degrade in performance."
Hands are more than tools for manipulating the physical world. They are also tools of perception, reporting sensations such as heat, texture, contact. These two systems, output and input, work together, helping us to know when our grasp is tight or whether we've reached the object on a shelf that's just out of view. The difficulty of building a machine that can perceive tactile information and report it back to the brain has become the roadblock for a truly hand-like prosthetic.
Building a computer from scratch gives you the perfect machine for your needs, but it can be daunting the first time around. In this edition of Lifehacker Night School, we'll be taking you through the buying, building, and installation process step-by-step. Today, we're going to start with a little computer hardware basics.
While you could just go to the store and buy a Dell, you might find that you're happier with a custom-built machine. Building a PC from the ground up means it's perfectly crafted to fit your needs, whether you're a hardcore gamer, video editor extraordinaire, or you're just trying to build a low- or high-powered home theater PC. In some instances, you may save some money, but in all instances you'll have accomplished a project that you'll benefit from for years—a pretty great feeling in and of itself. That said, building is much more time consuming than buying, and your first time through, it can be daunting. This week's Night School series will walk you through building your first (or second, or third) computer from start to finish.
Advertisement
Today, we'll be talking about the first step in any computer build: brainstorming what kind of machine you're looking to make and what that means for your hardware.
The Types of Machines and their Ballpark Costs
Much like we did in our original spec-crafting feature, the the first thing you need to do is come up with a very, very rough idea of what kind of performance you want from your machine. The easiest way to do that is to split builds it up into three general categories. We've crafted a few example builds for you here, but it's good to be familiar with these categories:
Advertisement
Low Performance : If you're looking for a simple PC for web browsing, email checking, or video watching, a low performance machine is probably the way to go. These machines are small, don't draw a lot of power, and are usually pretty quiet, which is great (though they obviously sacrifice performance for those perks). Nettops, home theater PCs, and (on a more extreme level) home servers also fit into this category. Most custom-built low performance machines range from $200 to $400.
: If you're looking for a simple PC for web browsing, email checking, or video watching, a low performance machine is probably the way to go. These machines are small, don't draw a lot of power, and are usually pretty quiet, which is great (though they obviously sacrifice performance for those perks). Nettops, home theater PCs, and (on a more extreme level) home servers also fit into this category. Most custom-built low performance machines range from $200 to $400. Middle of the Road : This is a great option for the majority of users, especially since you can stretch the machine's power and your budget to fit almost any scenario. Middle of the road machines will sit in a smaller computer tower, with enough power to play some casual games and run more than a few programs at once. If you're looking for a multipurpose computer that won't break the bank, this is where you want to go. Middle of the road machines can vary quite a bit in price, but in general they range from $300 to $700.
: This is a great option for the majority of users, especially since you can stretch the machine's power and your budget to fit almost any scenario. Middle of the road machines will sit in a smaller computer tower, with enough power to play some casual games and run more than a few programs at once. If you're looking for a multipurpose computer that won't break the bank, this is where you want to go. Middle of the road machines can vary quite a bit in price, but in general they range from $300 to $700. High Performance: These are the big guns. Generally, users with high performance computers are doing more resource-intensive tasks: converting and editing large amounts of video, playing the latest and greatest games at high settings, running other operating systems in virtual machines, and so on. Be prepared to shell out a bit of cash, use a lot of electricity, and devote a lot of space to this machine. Again, there's a good range here, but typically a high performance machine will cost anywhere from $700 to infinity and beyond.
Advertisement
Note that most of those price ranges don't include extras, like a keyboard and mouse, monitor, speakers, and other such things. Chances are, if you've ever owned a computer before, you already have some of those lying around—but if you include them, the price starts to go up quite a bit.
We won't be addressing components like that in this guide; just the actual tower that you're building. For those other components, see our guides to peripherals and monitors for more.
Advertisement
The Parts That Make Up a Computer (and What They Do)
Every fully-functioning computer is made of the same basic components, and in this section, we'll walk through the basic hardware you'll need for your first build. We're still just talking about “things to consider” here—we'll get down to the nitty-gritty of picking out specific parts in the next lesson. Here, we just want to point out what the important components are, and which ones are the most important for certain builds.
The Processor
Advertisement
The Processor (CPU) is the “brain” of your computer, the thing that carries out the tasks you give it. Better CPUs can perform more tasks at once, and perform them faster. That said, not everyone actually takes advantage of their processor's full speed, so the high-end models are only really crucial if you're performing intensive tasks like video editing, video conversion, compiling code, or (to a lesser extent) gaming. It's also one of the most expensive parts of a machine, so if you aren't performing these types of tasks, you definitely don't need to worry about buying the latest and greatest.
The Motherboard
Advertisement
The motherboard connects all the other components to one another, and is the physical base upon which you build everything else. It contains a lot of your machine's core features, like the number of USB ports, the number of expansion cards you can put in (such as video, sound, and Wi-Fi), and also partially determines how big your computer will be. Which motherboard you pick will depend on whether you build a low, medium, or high performance machine and how advanced of a user you are.
The Case
Advertisement
The case holds all of your computer's parts together. For the most part, a case is less about features that affect how your computer runs and more about features that affect you and your home—that is, how quiet it is, how large it is, and of course, how it looks in your office. Still, it's an important consideration that is dependent on your other choices, so you might want to think about what you want in terms of a case before moving on to the shopping step.
The RAM
Advertisement
RAM, or Random Access Memory (or “Memory” for short), is like your computer's short-term memory. It stores data your computer needs quick access to to help your programs run faster, and help you run more programs at one time. Thus, if you run a lot of programs at once, you'll want a computer with more RAM. If you use virtual machines, you'll want even more RAM, since it has to run its own programs in addition to yours.
The Graphics Card
Advertisement
The Graphics card, or GPU, is a processor specifically designed to handle graphics. It's what you hook your monitor up to, and it's what draws your desktop and your windows on the screen. Some motherboards come with a GPU already integrated, which is enough to manage your desktop, but usually not enough for playing 3D games. For those, you'll need a dedicated graphics card, since it can do the legwork needed to draw those complex images.
The Hard Drive(s)
Advertisement
Your hard drive—not to be confused with memory (RAM)—stores all of your data, ranging from your operating system to your documents, music, and movies. If the RAM is your computer's short-term memory, your hard drive is the long-term memory. It stores the things you want to keep around for awhile. The kind of hard drive you choose will be determined mainly by how much data you need to store, but certain kinds of hard drives (like solid state drives) can also affect your computer's speed.
The Optical Drive
Advertisement
An optical drive, more commonly known as a CD or DVD drive, is what you'll use to read CDs, DVDs, and even Blu-Ray discs. Not everyone needs an optical drive in their computer these days, but since you can buy one for about $20, there's little reason not to have one.
The Power Supply
Advertisement
The power supply directs electricity to the other components in your machine. Generally speaking, if you have a high performance computer with a fast processor, a graphics card, and a few hard drives, you'll need a higher wattage power supply than you would if you were building a low-end PC. This is probably the last component you'll shop for, once you've nailed down your other parts and how much electricity they'll require.
Other Parts to Consider
Advertisement
While these are the main parts almost every computer has, you probably have other needs. For example, if you're going to use Wi-Fi to access the internet instead of wired Ethernet, you may need to buy a Wi-Fi card. If you take a lot of photos, it's probably worth getting an internal SD card reader for easily loading your photos onto your computer. If you have any Bluetooth peripherals, you might consider an internal Bluetooth card, and if you video chat with friends, you'll want to pick up a webcam. And, as we mentioned before, if you don't already have them, you'll need a monitor, keyboard, and mouse.You may even want some extra fans or water cooling parts to optimize the cooling in your PC. These are just a few of the extra things you could use, so really think about what you'll be using this computer for and what other parts you need to buy so you don't have to take an extra trip to the store (and so you can better budget your money).
Sit back and ponder how you use your current computer, how you're going to use your new computer, and what that means for the components listed above. If you're going to do a lot of gaming, a high-end processor and video card are crucial. If you're building a home theater PC, you'll want a “good enough” video card, a low-end processor, and a large hard drive to store all your movies. Once you've figured it out, come back for our next lesson tomorrow night, where we'll talk about how to actually shop for the parts you need to build your computer.
Advertisement
Check out the full Lifehacker Night School series for more beginners lessons covering all sorts of topics.
The smartphone market is becoming increasingly competitive in India. Back in April, Xiaomi raised the bar with the Mi 4i, a mid-range smartphone with FHD display with a price point of Rs 12,999 ($205). At an event in New Delhi today, Lenovo announced its take on Xiaomi's hot-selling smartphone: the K3 Note.
Lenovo has been on a roll with its budget and mid-range smartphones in India. Few months ago, it upped the bar with the A6000, the cheapest 4G LTE smartphone in the country, and today the company announces that it is bringing its recently launched K3 Note to India. Priced at Rs 9,999 ($155), it's the cheapest smartphone with FHD display in the country.
As for the specifications, the K3 Note sports a 5.5-inch display with FHD screen resolution (1920×1080 pixels). Inside the handset sits a 1.7GHz MediaTek MT6752 octa-core 64-bit capable processor paired with 2GB of RAM, and 16GB of internal storage which can be further expanded using a microSD card should you need more storage. For comparison, Xiaomi Mi 4i's 16GB of internal storage is non-expandable.
Other features of the K3 Note include a 13-megapixel sensor at the back with LED flash, and a 5-megapixel selfie sensor placed upfront. On the connectivity front, the dual-SIM capable K3 Note supports 4G LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, and other standard options. A 3,000 mAh battery is powering up the phone, which as the company claims can deliver 36 hours of talk time, and more interestingly 750 hours of standby time on 3G network. The phone also comes with Dolby ATMOS speakers.
Lenovo K3 Note Specifications
5.5-inch FullHD screen (with hardened glass)
64-bit Mediatek MT6752 chipset – octa-core processor at 1.7GHz
2GB of RAM
Internal storage of 16GB, expandable up to 32GB via microSD
13MP camera on the back, coupled with a dual-tone LED flash along with a 5MP front snapper
dual-SIM dual-standby capability (SIM 1 supports 2G/3G and LTE, while the second slot is GSM-only
3,000mAh battery
7.6mm thin, 150 grams
From our limited hands on time with the K3 Note earlier this month, the phone seemed to have a considerably better display and camera as compared to it predecessor, the Lenovo A7000. Not many changes have been done to the Vibe UI, so the experience was similar. Sadly, Lenovo won't be bringing the K3 Note AnyWoofer Edition to India anytime soon which has a unique circular vibrating sound amplifier on the back panel.
The K3 Note — much like company's other recent smartphones — will be exclusively sold through e-commerce website, Flipkart. The registration for the begins today at 2PM, and the first flash sale will happen on July 8. The black and white color options will be made available to start with, and the Yellow variant will come later. At the event, Lenovo also announced that K3 Note, and all the upcoming phones in the K series will be exclusively sold online. The A6000, and other phones in A series, on the other hand, will see some of their inventories sold offline as well.
Photo Credits:Vijay Raj
Gerber Dime Review
The Gerber Dime Is A Perfect Keychain MultiTool For EDC
3 Week Gerber Dime Review
There's always a moment that you find yourself wishing you had the right tool with you, and the Gerber Dime is the answer to life's small problems. From opening anti-theft plastic packaging around a new USB drive to snipping arduino test leads, the Gerber Dime is the perfect tool to have in your pocket or small EDC.
I've been carrying around a Gerber Dime for about three weeks now. I don't review products until I've actually put them through their paces, and the Gerber Dime is definitely a must-have in your pocket! Over the past three weeks, I've used the Dime to:
File my nails down
Cut arduino leads
Fix my son's training wheels on their bike
Screw down a loose handle on a drawer for my wife
Open more than a few beer bottles (LOL)
Cut an old Credit Card up (That was so satisfying)
Open packaging for a new hard drive
Crimp a couple of leads for a secondary 12V car charger
Whittle sticks to a point for roasting marshmallows
Punch an extra hole in my younger son's belt so it fit right
Cut and clean under my nails
With every task, the Gerber Dime stood up to the challenge and performed it's duties flawlessly.
There was only one task that I pulled it out for that it couldn't handle, and oddly enough, that was to fix the wheel on my roller chair at work. It popped off, but the 18MM nut was just too hard to get the pliers around as it was also inside of the arm that extended from the chair cylinder to the wheel. I had to pull out the Gerber Suspension for that job, and use the Dime to tighten the bottom nut (14MM) closest to the roller wheel.
Gerber Dime Product Tour
Starting off, the Dime has good weight for a pocket tool. Unlike cheaper multitools you can buy at auto parts stores and Walmart for example, the Dime weighs a little over 2oz, and feels solid in your hand. I purchased the blue handled Dime, but it also comes in black, red and orange.
Pliers
As I said above, the pliers are excellent for limited use. They aren't designed for big jobs, but then again, that's why you carry a full size multi-tool as well, right? ;D
Bottle Opener
It's quite easy to pop the cap on your favorite brew, and believe me, my friends and I were testing this feature quite a bit over the past few weeks. The clutch (part that hooks on the bottom of the cap) grabs the cap firmly and no one really mis-pried their cap (unless you're named is Todd and you're three sheets to the wind! LOL). The one complaint I do have is since the opener is fixed, it does have a tendency to snag on pocket threads in my 511 tactical pants, so pulling out of the pocket sometimes can take a few tries, and I end up untangling it with one hand, which probably looks like I'm playing a serious game of pocket pool. I'd like to have seen the Dime also include an optional belt clip. It would have been the perfect size to fit right next to the Streamlight Microstream.
Mini Scissors
Used to get rid of those nasty little loose threads in the pocket of the pants so the Gerber won't snag, they are also great for paper, business cards and even handle cutting credit cards with relative ease. I had the joy of cutting up one of my credit cards after it was paid off (FINALLY), and boy did it feel good (emotionally) and was pretty easy to do. I also tested them by cutting my nails to see if they'd work if I didn't have nail clippers with me, and sure enough, they do cut, but you'll also want to use the file on the flip side of the same handle, to smooth them down. The scissors make for pretty jagged nails.
File
As I said above, I filed my nails with this, but that was the only use I found for it in the three weeks of testing.
Large & Small Flathead Screwdrivers
I used the large flathead to tighten down my son's training wheel a bit over the three weeks, and the small one to tighten down a drawer handle. Both worked as expected, but I had to open the Dime to get more leverage to tighten the training wheel. Not an optimal use for the Dime, but it does work.
Knife
The Gerber Dime has a pretty sharp 1 3/8 inch blade on board that was used quite a few times from opening boxes of goodies from Amazon (YAY! More stuff to review!) to whittling the ends of sticks for a marshmallow roast last weekend. It's also opened letters and other various tasks. While you don't really need to sharpen the blade right out of the box, you can for an even sharper knife.
Retail Package Opener
Probably the weirdest thing on any multitool, but it makes sense when you actually have that blister pack that you're trying to open. Plastic packaging can be a real pain in the @ss to open, but with this little tool, It's a lot easier. I do think that they totally wasted the space on it since the tool serves such a singular function, and you already have a knife blade. I would much rather have seen a can opener or even just an awl. I think the general public would have far more use for that in a pinch than the package opener. I used this to clean the dirt under my nails, punch holes in leather and attempt to open a can of tuna to see if it could be done. It takes a ton of work and isn't very good at the job, but if this was your only tool in an emergency, it can be done.
Overall thoughts
Despite the retail package opener, I found that I was reaching for the Gerber Dime enough to make the purchase worthwhile. I found plenty of uses for it and will keep it as part of my 5th pocket carry in my pants (or in the EDC if needed). Either way, I was glad I had this one every time I needed it, and it surely made life easier by having it on me.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. (AP) - The lawyer for a 39-year-old man charged with killing their parents says their father pleaded to shoot them because they were in poor health.
Authorities say Stephen Belcher was charged with murder in November after police found the bodies of 69-year-old Henrietta and William Belcher covered with sheets about 10 days after they were killed in their Inman home. They were shot several times in the head.
The Herald-Journal of Spartanburg reports that defense lawyer Doug Brannon said at Stephen Belcher's bond hearing that their wife and their brother heard William Belcher plead with their son to kill them and their wife.
Brannon says Stephen Belcher's mom couldn't communicate after several strokes, and their father had a severe substance abuse problem.
A judge will decide Belcher's bail later.
We witness the rise of a new absolute power. Google transfers its radical politics from cyberspace to reality. It will earn its money by knowing, manipulating, controlling the reality and cutting it into the tiniest pieces.
Recall those fabled frogs happy in the magic pond. Playful. Distracted. The water temperature slowly rises, but the frogs don't notice. By the time it reaches the boiling point, it's too late to leap to safety. We are as frogs in the digital waters, and Springer CEO Mathias Dopfner has just become our frog town crier. Mr. Dopfner's „Why We Fear Google“ ( a response to Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt's open letter, „A Chance for Growth“) warns of danger on the move: „The temperatures are rising fast.” If their cry of alarm scares you, that's good. Why?
(Autorisierte deutsche Fassung: Die Google-Gefahr - Schürfrechte am Leben von Shoshana Zuboff)
First, because there is a dawning awareness that Google is forging a new kingdom on the strength of a different kind of power –– ubiquitous, hidden, and unaccountable. If successful, the dominion of this kingdom will exceed anything the world has known. The water is close to boiling, because Google understands this statement more profoundly than we do.
Second, because accessing the Web and the wider Internet have become essential for effective social participation across much of the world. A BBC poll conducted in 2010 found that 79% of people in 26 countries considered access to the Internet to be a fundamental human right. We rely on Google's tools as we search, learn, connect, communicate, and transact. The chilling irony is that we've become dependent on the Internet to enhance our lives, but the very tools we use there threaten to remake society in ways that we do not understand and have not chosen.
Something new and dangerous
If there is a single word to describe Google, it is „absolute.” The Britannica defines absolutism as a system in which „the ruling power is not subject to regularized challenge or check by any other agency.” In ordinary affairs, absolutism is a moral attitude in which values and principles are regarded as unchallengeable and universal. There is no relativism, context-dependence, or openness to change.
Six years ago I asked Eric Schmidt what corporate innovations Google was putting in place to ensure that its interests were aligned with its end users. Would it betray their trust? Back then their answer stunned me. They and Google's founders control the super-voting class B stock. This allows them, they explained, to make decisions without regard to short-term pressure from Wall Street. Of course, it also insulates them from every other kind of influence. There was no wrestling with the creation of an inclusive, trustworthy, and transparent governance system. There was no struggle to institutionalize scrutiny and feedback. Instead Schmidt's answer was the quintessence of absolutism: „trust me; I know best.” At that moment I knew I was in the presence of something new and dangerous whose effects reached beyond narrow economic contests and into the heart of everyday life.
Google kills Innovation
Mr. Schmidt's open letter to Europe shows evidence of such absolutism. Democratic oversight is characterized as „heavy-handed regulation.” The „Internet”, „Web”, and „Google” are referenced interchangeably, as if Goggle's interests stand for the entire Web and Internet. That's a magician's sleight of hand intended to distract from the real issue. Google's absolutist pursuit of its interests is now regarded by many as responsible for the Web's fading prospects as an open information platform in which participants can agree on rules, rights, and choice.
Image copyright PA Image caption Three's ad-blocker will be able to block 95% of banner and pop up ads, the firm said
Proposals by the mobile phone provider Three to offer ad-blockers could have a negative impact on internet access, an advertising body has warned.
The Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) said blocking ads could lead to consumers "having to pay for content they currently get for free".
Three said the ad-blocker it is planning to use can block 95% of banner and pop-up ads.
The service will roll out "this year" but may not be free to use.
The mobile phone provider said its 8.8 million customers would be able to choose whether to activate the service, and Three told the BBC that it had not decided whether to charge a fee for it.
In a statement, the IAB said the proposal could impact the way web platforms are funded.
"The IAB believes that an ad-funded internet is essential in providing revenue to publishers so they can continue to make their content, services and applications widely available at little, or no cost," it said.
"We believe ad-blocking undermines this approach and could mean consumers have to pay for content they currently get for free."
Ad annoyance
Three explained that its aim was to improve its customers' experiences of receiving ads on mobile devices.
"Our objective... is not to eliminate mobile advertising, which is often interesting and beneficial to our customers, but to give customers more control, choice and greater transparency over what they receive," the firm said in a statement which announced its partnership with ad-blocker company Shine.
"Customers should not have to pay data charges because of advertising, mobile ads should not access handset data without explicit consent, and phone owners should only see advertising that is relevant and interesting to them rather than obtrusive and untargeted information," it added.
Advertising such as pre-roll video ads, sponsored articles and the in-feed promotions that appear inside social networks such as Twitter and Facebook will not be blocked.
"Irrelevant and excessive mobile ads annoy customers and affect their overall network experience," said chief marketing officer Tom Malleschitz.
"The industry has to work together to give customers mobile ads they want and benefit from."
Polish police used rubber bullets to break up groups of masked far-right youths who threw fireworks and set fire to cars when a nationalist march through the centre of the capital turned violent.
The march is an annual event to commemorate Poland's national independence day, and for the third year in a row it broke down into running battles in the middle of Warsaw between rioters and riot police.
Several thousand right-wing protesters began their march peacefully - watched by their own flight attendants in orange vests and with a police helicopter circling above.
The violence started when a few dozen youths, their faces covered by balaclavas and football scarves, broke off from the procession into a side street and started attacking a building where left-wing radicals occupied a squat.
Riot police moved in, and came under attack from youths throwing firecrackers and stones. As the rioters dispersed, several cars were set on fire.
Police spokesperson Mariusz Sokolowski said officers had used rubber bullets, truncheons and pepper spray against the rioters.
Several people were arrested. Five officers were taken to hospital, local media reported.
Russian target
When the march reached the Russian embassy - a symbol for some Poles of repression during Soviet rule - a part of the crowd threw firecrackers towards the building, but riot police formed a cordon around the perimeter, and the crowd later moved on.
"There is no excuse for hooliganism. We condemn the violation of the Vienna Convention," Marcin Wojciechowski, a spokesperson for the Polish Foreign Ministry, said on Twitter in reference to rules on the protection of foreign missions.
The main target of the rioters appeared to have been any symbol of left-wing, liberal views.
After the crowd had moved on from the squat, now littered with burned debris and broken glass, one of the squatters accused the police of failing to hold back the far-right protesters. "You have unleashed fascist dogs on us," they said.
Later, an arch across the middle of Zbawiciela Square, decorated in rainbow colours with artificial flowers as a symbol of tolerance and diversity, was set on fire and destroyed.
National faultlines
The violence underscores the faultlines in Polish society. Many Poles have grown wealthier in the past few years, but a minority feel alienated and believe traditional values on marriage, abortion and the church have been swept aside.
Their growing profile in Poland mirrors the rise of the far-right elsewhere in Europe. The pain of the economic slowdown around the continent, coupled with local factors, has boosted support for nationalists and anti-immigrant groups in countries from Greece to Hungary and France.
In Poland, non-governmental watchdogs say incidents of racially-motivated violence are increasing, while youths shouting far-right slogans have gate-crashed university lecture halls where liberal academics have been speaking.
In a decision their mother called "ridiculous," a British soccer league suspended a 14-year-old player with Tourette syndrome for cursing at the referee, The Sun reports.
Owen Thompson, playing goalkeeper last month for Ware Youth in the Hertfordshire Football Association, reportedly objected to a goal scored against them and told the offical to "f--- off."
Melanie Burgess, the boy's mom, said they showed the referee a medical card proving that their son has Tourette syndrome -- which can cause tics and involuntary swearing -- but to no avail, according to The Sun. They were barred for two games and fined £25.
"Football often suppresses my tics, but I cannot control them when I get upset or stressed," Thompson told the Mirror.
League head Nick Perchard said officials concluded that the lack of respect Thompson showed to the referee afterward had nothing to do with their Tourette syndrome, so the player merited the penalty, the Mirror reports. An appeal was rejected, although the punishment was later reduced to a one-game suspension and £15 fine.
-I accept payments through Etsy's Payment System at this time. (Thank you Etsy, for making the payment process so much easier than it used to be!!)
You must complete your orders through Etsy to receive your awesome cool stuff. This is how transactions work. It's all part of the part of the process in completing your order through Etsy. Your browser may be redirected to PayPal if you have to connect your PayPal to Etsy, if you use PayPal with this website. Read the official Etsy payment FAQ. Yes, do this. It's cool, That is probably what is supposed to happen.
Remember also :
I am not Etsy, I'm just an artist who uses their services to sell my silly creations and I never see your personal payment info.
If you need to make specific payment arrangements with me, send me a conversation so we can discuss the matter further and perhaps make a private listing for the item, thereby making a payment plan.
Neither you nor I want to have problems with any business dealings; not here on Etsy .com or anywhere we make purchases. I want the best possible experience each time I sell something to someone and I want you, the customer, to love what I make and to honor the creative exchange. This is why payment is always due at time of purchase.
I want nothing less than a great review from you when you receive my artwork. If you aren't able to give that to me, let me know immediately and I will do everything I can to fix it.
+ More - Less
Foiling has taken yet another step closer to mainstream sailing with the launch of a unique foiling kit for the world's most popular Laser sailing dinghy.
Foiling enables a boat's hull to rise clear of the water with only the foils making contact. Foiling at high speed enables apparent wind sailing which allows boats to travel at speeds in excess of the wind speed. Similar technology was employed by the 2013 America's Cup teams with boat speeds reaching an incredible 42 knots.
The Glide Free kit contains everything needed to go foiling on your current Laser dinghy, as well as a custom kit bag. The foils are easy to fit and remove; no modifications are needed to your existing boat. The foils have automatic control with no need to tweak settings on the water and you can launch in knee deep water.
The Glide Free foiling kit is the result of six years development by two local Sydney sailors Ian Ward and Peter Stephinson. The process began when Peter challenged Ian to retrofit their foils to Michael Blackburn's Laser from the Sydney 2000 Olympics.
It is exciting times for Glide Free with enquiries coming from sailors all over the world wanting to be the first to try foiling on a Laser and see who can go the fastest. The Glide Free foils will be available for shipping within Australia, mid January 2014 and available internationally, mid March 2014.
Ian is a well known Moth sailor, pioneering the first centreline foils used on Moth sailing boats in 1999. Peter was recognised in 2004 as one of Australia's top 100 inventors.
To find out more about this exciting new development and express your interest in learning more about foils go to the website, www.glidefree.com.au
CLOSE The Indiana Department of Correction hopes to give a tablet to each of its 26,000 offenders for education, programming and entertainment. The state is accepting bids from companies until April 2017. (Ryan Martin/IndyStar) Wochit
Telmate offers a tablet for use in prison and jail facilities. Some jail facilities, like in Monroe and Marshall counties, use the devices. (Photo: Provided by Telmate)
A plan to put a tablet in every Indiana inmate's hands could help offenders stay connected with their families and improve their education, which are important ways to keep them from returning to prison.
But the plan is also raising questions about fairness.
Could a technology company providing specialized tablets made for prison environments take advantage of captive buyers to price gouge on purchases for games, movies and music?
Those are some of the benefits and possible pitfalls of an Indiana Department of Correction technology proposal which was first filed in January. The proposal also calls for a secure network and electronic kiosks across the prison system's 23 facilities.
Depending on which company is selected, offenders could use the tablets to access their classwork and self-help materials 24 hours per day. They could more easily order from the commissary, and sift through legal research.
Related:Some prisons let inmates connect with tablets
They also could use their tablets to pay for entertainment — for a still undetermined price, with that money going to a private company while the state keeps a 10-percent cut.
That's how IDOC expects to pay for the tablets. IDOC is hoping a vendor would front the costs so taxpayers don't have to. Then the vendor would be reimbursed and earn a profit, as inmates buy music and movies.
The state is still accepting applications and will negotiate with vendors, so some specifics — such as potential fees to inmates — are unknown.
William Wilson, an IDOC executive director, emphasized that the department simply wants to help offenders with its tablet program — and that any fees collected would be used to reduce the reliance on tax dollars. Charging fees that inmates couldn't afford would defeat the purpose of the proposal.
William Wilson, an executive director with Indiana Department of Correction (Photo: Provided by Indiana Department of Correction)
IDOC officials also expect to use entertainment to reward good behavior. For example, an offender could be encouraged to stop racking up conduct reports in order to play more games.
"Historically, corrections has always been based on consequences," Wilson said, "but what we've learned is that sometimes through positive reinforcement you gain better performance, better behavior."
The tablets most likely wouldn't be the iPads or Kindles you see at home. There are companies that develop tablets and software specifically for use in prisons and jails. They still have touchscreens and apps, but the devices come with much more security and features that can be controlled by prison officials.
One company, San Francisco-based Telmate, has a tablet that's used in more than 20 states, including in Indiana jails in Marshall and Monroe counties. Craig Diamond, the company's marketing director, noted that Telmate tablets are the only devices able to communicate with the company's wireless hotspots installed inside facilities, preventing unwanted connections.
Each corrections facility has the ability to offer a free mode, allowing offenders to look through law library materials or jail rules, Diamond said. Officials can also decide to make certain uses cost money.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Another company with an Indiana connection, New York-based American Prison Data Systems, is behind a tablet program in the Madison Juvenile Correctional Facility, the state's only facility for girls.
There, the tablets are primarily used for teaching, said Samantha Goldsmith, special education coordinator. The devices can't connect to the internet and don't have cameras, and all content has been previously approved by teachers.
Telmate offers a tablet for use in prison and jail facilities. Some jail facilities, like in Monroe and Marshall counties, use the devices. (Photo: Provided by Telmate)
Using articles, photos, video and music gives teachers more tools when delivering lessons.
"It lets us differentiate our instruction and bring different things into the classroom that we wouldn't be able to bring in before," Goldsmith said.
Wilson envisions similar successes across the corrections system. They talked about the simple act of an offender contacting a case manager. Right now, that communication is through pen and paper, but offenders need training before returning to their communities, they said.
"If we don't prepare an offender to go out in the world and do an e-application, have we really prepared them for what is at stake?" Wilson said.
Training goes beyond technological savvy, though. Wilson noted the benefits of IDOC offering substance abuse and anger management programming through the tablets, and allowing inmates to study and prepare for tests outside of the few hours allotted for computer labs and kiosks.
"Our goal is to make sure that when these guys do go back to their communities, that they can be a contributing member," Wilson said. "If we don't allow offenders to have real-world access to education, to programming, to electronic devices — then we've become part of the problem."
All of this is key to reducing recidivism, which hovers around 35 percent in Indiana, according to IDOC data through 2015.
Todd Clear, a professor at Rutgers University School of Criminal Justice, said many offenders face several technological obstacles when they leave prison.
"They don't know how to download stuff, they don't know how to click on links, they don't know how to search," Clear said. "But anything that would promote that skill would be a welcome innovation in the context of a prison because the people will come out more able to navigate the contemporary world which involves connectivity all the time."
They added: "The big recidivism reduction program in prison is education. Nothing comes close to it."
Aside from the educational component, though, Clear cautioned against what could happen when private companies are given the opportunity to profit from offenders, which is what would occur if an inmate pays for entertainment.
It's not automatically a problem, Clear said, but there's a risk it could become one.
"Obviously businesses love the idea to be able to exploit all this, and I would be very careful about how I would make this available to people inside," they said.
Buy Photo A corrections officer closes the gate of a sally port at Pendleton Correctional Facility, Monday, December 14, 2015. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson/Indystar)
In 2014, for example, a Center for Public Integrity investigation found that private companies often charge steep fees to inmates for basic services, such as providing toiletries or sending money. Those companies pass on a cut of the revenue to prison systems.
The Indiana tablets proposal carries similar requirements.
It's no different from many of the services provided by IDOC's existing electronics vendor, Florida-based JPay. To send up to $20 to an offender costs $3.95 if handled online, according to JPay's posted rates. The state then collects a 25-cent cut, according to the state's contract with the company.
Kristin Casper, a public affairs officer with the Indiana Public Defender Council, said she's concerned about offenders facing added fees for tablets. They want to see a fee structure before the state agrees to a contract — and they want to make sure existing free services don't begin costing money when tablets are introduced.
Them agency represents the state's public defenders and their clients, many of whom end up serving prison time. If offenders lose in this — and find themselves paying extra to call their families, for example — it could affect their relationships outside of prison.
"There's so much potential for this to be abused," Casper said. "That's our biggest issue with this." ​
To ensure inmates aren't taken advantage of, it's up to IDOC to closely monitor bids from vendors and to thoroughly understand their business models, said Bryce Peterson, a researcher with the Washington, D.C.-based Urban Institute.
When a vendor has a monopoly over a service or item, Peterson said, controls are needed to ensure costs are appropriate because there's no free market at work.
"This is such a relatively new thing in corrections, so there's not a lot of evidence out there on the best way to do this," Peterson said.
Vendor applications are due by April 24. IDOC hopes to see some implementation by the end of the year, Wilson said.
Call IndyStar reporter Ryan Martin at (317) 444-6294. Follow them on Facebook and on Twitter: @ryanmartin.
More from Ryan Martin:As Trump boots U.S. Attorneys, Indiana senator looks for applicants
More from Ryan Martin:Having more black officers not a 'direct solution' for reducing black killings by police, IU research shows
More from Ryan Martin:Hundreds of thousands sign up for Indiana Do Not Call List
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2nqYBq7
I decided to make my life easier and consolidate all the data needed to keep on top of Northern Lights activity on one page.
Also, to share that with everyone. So, enjoy! (or else)
Everything here should be automatically updating
Super quick overview of the chart below:
Bz: negative numbers – good, positive numbers – bad
Phi: closer to 360 – good, lower – bad
Density: Higher = Better
Speed: Higher = Better
Temp: Can't really seem to find any good correlation for this – feel free to inform me
Keep in mind, not all factors have to come together at the same time to produce aurora; you can still get a good show even if one or two of the variables are lacking. From my experience, Phi seems to be one of the more important; when its up – more often than not – you are usually getting a sub-storm.
Three day Forecast
Forecast Discussion
Links
http://www.swpc.noaa.gov/products/wsa-enlil-solar-wind-prediction
In mid-May, Nations & States had the special opportunity to interview Jonathan David Sanchez Leos, a 2015–2016 Fulbright-Clinton Fellowship recipient, on site at their workplace in Kyiv, Ukraine. The highly competitive fellowship, established in 2012 in honor of former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, permits roughly 20 public policy specialists to serve in foreign government ministries throughout the world.
This year's crop of fellows is serving in a wide variety of locations, including Timor-Leste, Kosovo, Samoa, Peru, Burma, Cote d'Ivoire, Haiti, Malawi, and of course, Ukraine.
In 2013, tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Kyiv's Independence Square and overthrew former President Viktor Yanukovych after they reneged on a highly anticipated Association Agreement with the European Union. A year later, the Russian Federation illegally annexed the Crimean Peninsula and continues to fund separatist forces in the country's Donbas region, financially straining Ukraine's new pro-Western government, led by Petro Poroshenko.
Mr. Sanchez Leos currently serves as special advisor to Ukraine's Minister of Youth and Sports, in the Office of National Youth Policy. They and their colleague, Irina Belyaeva, Director of National Youth Policy, spoke with me about Mr. Sanchez Leos's involvement at the Ministry, the current policy challenges facing Ukraine, and the state of U.S.-Ukraine relations.
Image: The Lach Gates, located on Kyiv's Independence Square, is a monument constructed in 2001 commemorating the city's medieval city entrance. The Archangel Michael sits atop the structure.
Luke A. Drabyn is a U.S. Fulbright Student based in Kiev, Ukraine, conducting research on transnational human trafficking policy. A former Blog Manager at Young Professionals in Foreign Policy, they have worked at the Council on Foreign Relations, U.S. Department of State, and American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research.  They are a graduate of Bowdoin College, where they double majored in government and legal studies and Russian language. Opinions are their own and do not reflect the views of the Fulbright Commission.
Yes, we've featured the Nissan 'Hakosuka' GT-Rbefore. But we reserve the right to feature it again and again, because it's brilliant. This five-minute clip will reinforce why.
There's nothing especially fancy about this production. It's predominantly onboard (including a camera on the tacho that runs to 10...) with a few external shots. But as with every Hakosuka video, this is all about the noise. From inside the car that feral straight-six howl is all the more intense and the way it revs through to beyond 8,000 rpm is mesmerising. The gent behind the wheel seems fairly handy too.
And that's about it really. Five minutes (well four actually, the last minute is talking) of heaven as imagined by Hakosuka. There's quite a legacy already created by the GT-R; here's to the next few decades!
Enjoy the vid.
The Incentive Research Foundation is pleased to release "Using Behavioral Economics Insights in Incentives, Rewards, and Recognition: The Neuroscience," an innovative application of scientific findings to employee motivation and rewards. Offering practical C-suite takeaways, the IRF's report describes the unifying behavioral economic principles connecting the powerful role of emotions with employee performance.
(PRWEB) May 30, 2017
The Incentive Research Foundation is pleased to release "Using Behavioral Economics Insights in Incentives, Rewards, and Recognition: The Neuroscience," an innovative application of scientific findings to employee motivation and rewards. Offering practical C-suite takeaways, the IRF's report describes the unifying behavioral economic principles connecting the powerful role of emotions with employee performance.
The report explains how behavioral economics can help employers better understand what motivates employees, because it recognizes the majority of human decision-making is emotional as opposed to rational. Behavioral economics integrates social, cognitive, and emotional factors to more fully explain human decision-making biases. Neuroeconomics provides an additional powerful layer of proof by exploring the biologic underpinnings of decision-making. Technological advances, such a brain-imaging technology, enable researchers to probe the brain in unprecedented detail and are powering an explosion in neuroeconomics research.
"From studies on oxytocin to dopamine to the pre-frontal cortex, there is no shortage of emerging neuroeconomics research on what makes humans tick," said Melissa Van Dyke, IRF President. "'Using Behavioral Economics Insights in Incentives, Rewards, and Recognition: The Neuroscience' curates and explains the research so that incentives, rewards, and recognition professionals can use this knowledge to better understand what motivates employees and ultimately create more engaging and productive work environments."
The most powerful neuroeconomics finding is that all forms of reward are processed in the brain's master reward center, the striatum, and are experienced as rewarding feelings. This means rewarding employees intrinsically by treating them better or rewarding them extrinsically with money, trips, or merchandise are treated equally in the brain. This important finding supports organizations shifting the emphasis in incentive programs to non-cash rewards to build more effective, fulfilling work environments. Other key takeaways include:
The Halo Effect informs us that more highly positive, emotional experiences increase positive emotion associated with the company.
Emotional Stamps, the markers that help us retrieve the memory, reinforce the necessity for incentive, rewards, and recognition (IRR) programs to tap emotions.
Frequency Bias suggests that the more reward and recognition happens within an organization, the more often it will continue to happen and "feel" like a normal part of business.
Temporal Bias explains why meetings and incentive travel programs should always end on a high, emotional note.
Drive to Bond promotes ensuring each instance of reward and recognition has a face-to-face element.
Drive to Innovate explains why each instance of reward or recognition must help the employee learn the exact behaviors that are valued and important to the organization.
To download the full study, "Using Behavioral Economics Insights in Incentives, Rewards, and Recognition: The Neuroscience," and the accompanying white paper "Translating the Neuroscience of Behavioral Economics into Employee Engagement," please visit: http://theirf.org/research/translating-the-neuroscience-of-behavioral-economics-into-employee-engagement/2083/
To download the companion study, "Using Behavioral Economics Insights in Incentives, Rewards, and Recognition: A Nudge Guide," or to download the white paper, "How to Effectively Harness Behavioral Economics to Drive Employee Performance and Engagement," please visit: http://theirf.org/research/how-to-effectively-harness-behavioral-economics-to-drive-employee-performance-and-engagement/2072/
----------------------------------------------------------
About the IRF:
The Incentive Research Foundation (TheIRF.org) funds and promotes research to advance the science and enhance the awareness and appropriate application of motivation and incentives in business and industry globally. The goal is to increase the understanding, effective use, and resultant benefits of incentives to businesses that currently use incentives and others interested in improved performance.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14375978.htm
Through 471 career appearances in the big leagues, Calgary Flames rearguard Travis Hamonic has established themselves as one of the toughest in the game, ranking among the top 25 in hits dished out since they first debuted in the NHL.
And yet, even with a highlight reel filled with game-breaking checks and a fair few rounds of fisticuffs, you'd be hard pressed to find a player more dedicated to caring for those around them when off the ice.
Hamonic proved their worth in that regard during their time with the New York Islanders, honouring their late father Gerald — whom they lost to a heart attack at the age of 10 — with a program that allowed them to connect with children who have endured similar loss. At each home game, the defenceman invited a child who had lost a parent at a young age, gifting lower-bowl tickets for them and three guests, alongside the chance to meet Hamonic post-game.
The blueliner continued that program after being traded to Calgary prior to the 2017-18 season. In fact, for Hamonic, ensuring they could continue their charitable work was apparently top of mind after finding out about the impending change of address.
“Right after the trade to Calgary, it was probably the first conversation I had that same day,” Hamonic told Scott Oake and Louie DeBrusk during After Hours on Saturday. “To try to get the program up and running as fast as we can so the first home game we were ready to rock. And we were.”
After successfully launching the program in their new town, the former Islander is now expanding their reach and looking to help more families, as he's set to unveil a new project aimed at bringing Indigenous families to Calgary for a memorable weekend of VIP treatment.
Their inspiration for the admirable venture? Recently passed Canadian icon Gord Downie.
“The best thing I think you can do in this life is donated your time,” Hamonic told Oake and DeBrusk. “What a great thing that (Downie) did to donate the last couple years of their life to really give voice and to create a conversation on some darker moments in our country's history. I'm extremely proud of my heritage and being Métis, and my wife and I took the initiative to follow Gord's lead and help out as best as we can.
“So we've decided to bring in some families from all the Northern territories of Canada throughout the season, and we're going to fly them in and, between us and the Flames, with all the accommodations, we're really going to give them the five-star treatment right through the entire weekend so they can really enjoy themselves.”
The Northern Project, as Hamonic is calling it, is set to begin in mid-December.
Listen to Hamonic's full interview with Oake and DeBrusk above to hear more about their charity work, adjusting to Calgary, and how they dealt with grief early in their career.
City Council members for months have wrestled with how to regulate ride-sharing companies like Uber and Lyft. Those efforts, though, are on hold until the state Legislature takes a crack at the problem.
“It's basically all in limbo now,” said council member Stephen Joost.
In late 2014, Joost and others held a series of meetings with taxi companies and ride-sharing representatives about issues in the industry. Taxi groups have said the smartphone-based operators have an unfair advantage and don't follow the same rules they do. Representatives from UberX and Lyft claim their practices are safe and reliable and aren't the same thing as taxis.
Joost filed a bill that would have cracked down on companies that don't comply with local laws, penalties that include fines and cars being impounded. Local laws require city inspections, background checks and permits. The ride-sharing companies do their own.
Joost's bill has stalled, as it's been deferred for months while state lawmakers talk insurance requirements and regulations.
“It's not going to do us any good if the state comes in and trumps it all,” they said.
Matt Schellenberg agrees, but said he's a great believer in home rule.
Last month, Schellenberg filed a bill that carves out a new section in the vehicle-for-hire laws. It creates “transportation network companies” for businesses like Uber and Lyft and establishes a framework of regulations.
“I think that's the direction in which the industry is going,” they said. “It's a completely separate industry … and it needs to be dealt with that way.”
Despite the effort, it also has been deferred as state legislators continue to talk.
One bill making its way through the Senate increases the insurance requirements the ride-sharing companies must have for their drivers who are “on call” but don't have a passenger in the car.
Currently, that period is covered by drivers' personal-injury protection insurance, which has a cap of $10,000 for medical benefits.
The Senate bill, filed by Sen. David Simmons, D-Altamonte Springs, bumps the coverage up to $125,000 for death and bodily injury, at least $50,000 for property damage and at least $250,000 in uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage, according to a News Service of Florida report last week.
Lobbyists for Uber and Lyft don't agree, saying it would increase costs, according to the News Service.
That bill continues to work its way through the legislative process, but has unanimously passed in two committees.
Chelsea Wilson, a Lyft spokesperson, said Thursday the company continues to work with officials and prefers a statewide solution rather than “a patchwork of local regulations.”
If not, Joost and Schellenberg said they're ready to continue to resume their local efforts.
“My hope is it just gets solved one way or the other,” Joost said. “I just want it to be fair and safe for everybody.”
[email protected]
@writerchapman
(904) 356-2466
York, England
After one of their many unfortunate generals sustained a particularly abject defeat, Abraham Lincoln remarked that the man was "confused and stunned like a duck hit on the head." Such is the state of the Conservative party after the U.K. general election of June 8, an election the party felt sure it would win overwhelmingly but in which it somehow contrived to lose seats. Though technically a victory, in that the Tories remain the largest and governing party, it was in every other sense—and especially as judged against expectations—a profound and confusing defeat.
There will be many postmortems, but sometimes the reasons for failure can be more easily perceived at the ant's level than by a view from on high. Fortunately, for the past five weeks, I've been an ant. Throughout the election, I was in the beautiful city of York, embedded in the campaign of Ed Young, Conservative candidate, published author, former speechwriter for David Cameron, brilliant and compulsively energetic redhead, and a friend and former student of mine.
It wasn't surprising when Young lost: On polling day, we both agreed defeat was likely, while nursing a hope that they might squeak through. Local party leaders agreed. On the night of the poll, a campaign insider told Young that he'd win by 100 votes. Yet in the end, they lost by 18,000, a more than two to one margin. Young did increase the Tory vote—no small feat in an election that saw a national swing against the Conservatives. But the dynamic had changed since the last election, with both the Greens and UKIP deciding not to compete in York. That helped the Labour candidate increase their totals from two years earlier, and by far more.
I can honestly say that I didn't see this coming. I reviewed the daily canvassing returns, which—after Young and their team had spoken with 10 percent of York's electorate—had them ahead of Labour by about a percentage point. Yes, the national polls were gloomy, but the feeling on the doorsteps, particularly over the final few days, was so good that it was easy to discount the pollsters. As York hasn't had a Tory MP for 25 years, Young followed the locally controversial—but correct—strategy of seeking out marginal Labour voters: There simply aren't enough true-blue Tories in York to win with Conservative votes alone. Raised in York and buoyantly proud of the city, Young was relentlessly positive, arguing that a member of Parliament needs to do more than lead protest marches, the stock-in-trade of the sour Labour incumbent, Rachael Maskell. Their devoted campaign staff slogged their feet off—one walked over 30 miles on the last day of the campaign alone, as did Young himself. If effort, ability, and honesty were enough, Young would have won.
Obviously, they weren't. Young needed about a 7-point swing—that is, for 7 percent of those who voted Labour in the 2015 election to vote Tory this time—to draw level. With the Tories nationally seeing a swing against them of over 1 percent, Young had no chance. That, really, is the fundamental fact: In a marginal constituency, a good local campaign can make the difference between success and failure, but the context for any local campaign is set at the national level. But if that is the only lesson the Conservative party takes away from this fiasco it will be missing the point, because the experience of being on the ground and behind the scenes convinced me that its apparatus for fighting and winning elections at the local level is broken. True, there is no substitute for policy and political competence at the national level. But the party's failures at Westminster find their reflection in the failures of the Conservatives as a local campaigning organization.
The struggle on the ground between Labour and the Tories is a study in competitive strategies. Labour is long on union activists, so it uses bodies, not brains. Its strategy is to fight hard, not smart. In York, Young usually had fewer canvassers on the ground—rarely more than 20 at a time—than their opposition had canvassing teams. They aren't outspent, or if they are, it wasn't by much. And on an individual level, they aren't outworked. But they were definitely outmanned by the unions. As one Tory activist put it to me, "there's no way to fight a tidal wave of shit." Officially, of course, that's not what the party believes. The Conservative answer, its strategy, is to rely on data, and in particular a computerized tool called VoteSource, which collects hundreds if not thousands of pieces of information on every voter in an effort to identify those who already vote Tory, and those most likely to be persuaded to do so.
VoteSource is not all bad, and it's certainly better than its predecessor, Merlin, which was notorious for producing a magically large number of system crashes. In York, VoteSource wasn't infallible at picking out possible Tory votes, but it did often send Young to parts of the city that insiders said were hopeless, but where they nevertheless got a good reception. Admittedly, it also sent them to places that turned out to be just as hopeless as local opinion held them to be. But as a tool to track canvassing results, and as a mechanism for breaking down preconceptions, it does have advantages.
The problem at the local level for the Tories isn't VoteSource. It's the interface between man and machine, and the assumptions behind that interface. A minor but telling example: VoteSource assumes that everyone lives in a house with a front door. It has no way to track addresses in apartment towers to which canvassers can't get access. As perhaps 10 percent of addresses in York are inaccessible to outsiders, this was a major headache and a serious waste of time. Canvassers were repeatedly dispatched to addresses that proved impossible to reach. The maps VoteSource generates are useless, another headache. Worse, and more fundamentally, the Tory canvassing strategy, though undoubtedly perfect in the lab, appeared to have been designed by a marketing research team that has never worked with any actual campaign volunteers, or ever ventured outside Conservative Campaign Headquarters (CCHQ).
The essence of the strategy, as recommended by CCHQ and as intended by VoteSource, is to try to figure out not just what party voters support, but how intensely they feel about it. The theory is that most people who tell a canvasser they're undecided have leanings one way or the other, but won't tell you about them out of politeness. Marking them down as merely undecided confuses the issue and encourages candidates to waste valuable time on voters whose minds are already made up. So to reveal the hidden intensities, in each doorstep encounter with a voter, the canvasser is supposed to follow a script that yields a 1 through 10 response. This is a genuine problem: Young's campaign canvassed hundreds of undecided voters who turned out not to be undecided after all.
But the script is so terrible, so robotic, so obviously fake, so unreadable, and so off-putting that no volunteer I tested it on could get through the first paragraph without laughing or cringing. Not a single volunteer could be prevailed upon to read the script, and though I had more sympathy with the party's data-driven approach than most of Young's volunteers, I don't blame them. I have no doubt that the data the script would collect—if it didn't provoke a fight-or-flight response—would be better than the canvassing results Young's team gathered, which turned out to be totally misleading. But a brilliant tool that no one will use because they can't stop laughing isn't all that brilliant. By leaving local campaigns trapped between a system that they don't trust and won't use, and the inadequacies of traditional but undermanned canvassing, the party is doing real harm to its chances.
And on the local level, that sums up the problem: The system was designed in the lab, not for real life. Over the past decade, the Tories have followed a strategy of relentless centralization. For example, all local literature has to be approved by CCHQ and created on a system called BluePrint from standardized templates, which invariably include a lot of centrally dictated text. The templates are inflexible and often allow no concessions to local circumstances: Young's "get out the vote" (GOTV) cards, for instance, proclaimed the election was being held "today," which made it necessary to deliver them at 6 a.m. on polling day. (Labour's cards named the polling day, which allowed them to be distributed ahead of time.) The party produces no literature that can be used as a window poster, which meant the Young team had to try to distribute posters individually, a nearly hopeless task that, like the distribution of the GOTV cards, consumed manpower Young's campaign didn't have. BluePrint stalls and crashes when overtaxed, which during an election is almost all the time, and it takes four or five business days to deliver anything: One of Young's volunteers was stunned to be told that the party's (centralized) printers didn't work on weekends, even during an election.
All this centralization makes the party's local campaigning strategy deeply incoherent. Young, like all candidates for parliament, was legally allowed to spend only a little more than ¢12,000 (just over $15,000) in a constituency of about 74,000 voters—a fact that makes any comparison between U.S. and British campaigns irrelevant, if not silly. They thus had to rely on centrally produced literature (which didn't count against their spending allowance, but which wasn't local), on their BluePrint literature (which allowed only a dash of local content, if that), or on personal contact with voters (guided by the trembling hand of VoteSource). The party, in other words, wants to use data and standardized literature to compensate for its shortage of volunteers, and to prevent them from screwing things up—but in the end, it needs those volunteers to collect canvassing data, distribute literature, and persuade voters. It wants to fight smart and from the center, but those campaign spending limits, and the emphasis that Britain places on contact between candidates and voters, mean it has to get on the ground and get local if it wants to win marginal seats.
For that, it needs volunteers, of which there aren't enough. And to the extent it does have them, they don't like its literature or its script. Nor do many of them see any value in collecting data—I lost count of the number of arguments I witnessed between believers in leafleting (described as "showing the flag") and advocates of a data-driven approach. The former regarded the latter as politically naïve and could never grasp that data collection does have the potential to improve targeting over time, while the latter regarded the former as doing nothing more than contributing to York's paper recycling efforts. Of course, you need both literature and data. But if the Tories can't loosen their centralized stranglehold on literature, can't improve the way they ask volunteers to collect data and convince them that this effort has some value, and don't invest more time and energy in building up local parties, they will be completely at the mercy of national trends, and will keep on losing marginal seats that might be winnable, or might over time be made winnable.
York, it turned out, wasn't marginal at all. But when the campaign started, it was thought to be marginal, so it was a Tory target. The local party organization was a good deal better than many I have seen, but it could have been better still: Over the past seven years, they'd canvassed about as many voters as the 8,000 that Young and their team talked with in under five weeks. Young's reward for their energy was to have the regional help he'd been promised—under the party's mutual aid system, whereby candidates in winnable seats are assisted by volunteers from neighboring ones—taken away from them by CCHQ, on the grounds that they didn't need it. More fundamentally, the party's strategy of centralization, of fighting elections only at election time, and of targeting only winnable seats means it doesn't invest much outside election season in building up local party organizations anywhere—but especially in seats that aren't currently winnable. And that means the circle of potentially winnable seats tends to shrink over time, because the party does nothing to expand it. York, for example, is unlikely to be a Tory target in the next election.
In essence, the party has adopted a centralized strategy that neglects the local party organizations on which it still reluctantly relies, and that aims not to increase the number of winnable seats between elections but to win those that are winnable when an election rolls around. It is an approach of doing just enough, and it is highly vulnerable to falling just short. From every point of view, this Conservative campaign reflected that centralized strategy, from its robotic emphasis on a "strong and stable" government, to its deification of Theresa May (who was the focus of the entire campaign to an extent that might have made North Korea's Kim Jong-un envious), to its tedious literature (called "generics" in the office, for good reason), to the way it controlled and directed volunteers, even down to the words it wanted Young's team to say.
Obviously, the sources of this Tory defeat run deeper than its approach to local campaigning. But the way the party campaigns locally is symptomatic of the broader problems that led to the defeat. It has become a top-down party that distrusts and alienates the volunteers it needs to be competitive, and tries to fight presidential-style campaigns in a nation that doesn't have a president and instinctively resists efforts to impose one. It does not understand Labour voters (with whom it has made no headway since the 2010 election), the pro-Brexit UKIP supporters (if it did, most of them would never have joined UKIP in the first place), or true blue Tories (whom it evidently disdains), and it made no effort to win, or even fight, a battle of ideas.
It is increasingly, like today's Labour party, a reflection of the concerns of cosmopolitan London and the political class, yet it can only win by appealing to voters who retain a sense of place. It remains a better choice than Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party, and, rightly, the British people made it the largest party in Parliament. But as everyone on the Young team recognized, it fought an incoherent and incompetent campaign, one that reflected its isolation as both a political and a governing party. Yes, Labour won the election. But, fundamentally, it was the Tories that lost it.
Ted R. Bromund is the senior research fellow in Anglo-American relations in the Heritage Foundation's Thatcher Center for Freedom.
If you have an Xbox Live Gold subscription only to access media apps such as Netflix and Hulu, Microsoft's recent decision to remove the digital requirement may have left you feeling short-changed. After all, many consumers buy an upfront 12-month subscription to get a discount on the standard monthly fee.
To make amends, Microsoft is promising to refund Xbox Live Gold subscribers who will no longer need their membership from June, when the changes come into effect. Payments will be made on a pro-rata basis, calculated from the day of cancellation to when their membership would have normally ended.
“Cancellation and pro-rata refund requests must be made by August 31, 2014 and require six to eight weeks for processing,” the company said. “Free or trial Gold memberships are not eligible for a refund.” To request a payment, you'll need to contact Microsoft (http://support.xbox.com/contact-us) once the system updates go live for the Xbox 360 and Xbox One next month.
Microsoft announced the move yesterday alongside a new Xbox One bundle that will be sold without its next-generation Kinect sensor. All entertainment apps will no longer require an Xbox Live Gold subscription; alongside streaming apps, that also includes sports experiences such as NBA Game Time, NFL and MLB.TV, as well as Microsoft's own apps.
➤ Xbox Support [via VideoGamer | CramGaming]
Image Credit: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
Read next: Why we must build gender inclusiveness into startups
Eternal Masters has already arrived in paper, and it's digital release is mere days away. If you have been following these articles, you know I believe this set will have a massive impact on Pauper. The influx of highly powered cards like Peregrine Drake, Desperate Ravings, Elvish Vanguard, and Nimble Mongoose mean new strategies are likely to emerge while old powerhouses may return. In the past, when Pauper has featured strong decks, the format has seen an influx of players on Magic Online. Whether this is because the nature of the decks attracts new blood or grinders smell that same blood in the water, there is likely to be plenty of people populating the league in the weeks to come. If you're reading this, you are liketrying to find some information on the common format.
Of course I am not the only resource for Pauper out there. As we enter into what I believe will be a transformative season for Pauper, it is the perfect time to examine the other information out in the world about my favorite constructed format. Consider this a Pauper syllabus.
Alex Ullman:
What? You think I wasn't going to use this opportunity to toot my own horn? In all seriousness, if you want to learn about Pauper through the ages, I happen to be one of the few people who has written about the format since its player run event days. You can find current my work here on Gathering Magic. If you want to dig deeper into the archives, you have to search under SpikeBoyM on PureMTGO. My articles on Star City Games have seemingly been lost in their search function but if you're up to some use of Google you can find my work from that time period.
But wait, there's more! In addition to my Twitter feed (@nerdtothecore), where you can read my random Magic musings as well as find out a little bit more about my life outside the game, I maintain a Facebook page (facebook.com/nerdtothecore) that collects my Pauper writing and links to articles and content I think is valuable. I also link to the results of the Pauper League and write a weekly metagame update. While this is far from a one-stop shop with regards to the format, it represents a solid start. Now, that's enough about me. What else is out there? In no particular order . . .
MTGGoldfish:
This website has quickly gained a well deserved reputation as a solid resource for Pauper. There are two main attractions here. First is their metagame page which aggregates the results from the league and links to the decks. Discerning users may see that my metagame data differs from theirs. The information I present on my page goes back to the start of any particular “season” (the Wednesday before a set's prerelease). I do not know how far back Goldfish's data goes. As a rule of thumb, their results are more current while mine represent a long range view.
MTGGoldfish also hosts Jake Stiles. Jake has created a series of videos about some of the best (and also popular) decks in the format. For anyone just getting started this series, Playing Pauper, is a great way to see the cards in action. Jake's commentary is insightful and the ability to watch game after game can do wonders for someone just getting started.
Official Decklists:
Where do these decklists come from? The Pauper League on Magic Online. Every day (barring a hiccup), these decks are posted to the official Magic Online deck list page. No insight, no commentary; just cards. For anyone looking to craft their own opinion of Pauper and the metagame, there is no better jumping off point.
PureMTGO:
A website dedicated to Magic Online, PureMTGO has become a haven for burgeoning Pauper authors. Sponsored by MTGOTraders, Pure is a longtime supporter of the format, and has consistently offered articles on the format for nearly a decade. While the quality can vary the archives are strewn with insights. Site manager Joshua Claytor has made a few videos but their impact is far greater than that. Josh has given a number of Pauper writers (including me) a shot at creating regular content and the community owes them a debt. Take writer Christopher Oliver for example: Josh gave them an opportunity and Oliver has made their mark on the back on their work with Bleak Coven Vampire.
Currently PureMTGO is home to Anthony Davis (@BlackDeckWins). Anthony has been in the trenches for a while and has a fresh insight into the format. If you are looking for someone who has insight into the metagame and is willing to try new things, both in games and in writing, Anthony is the guy for you.
Deluxeicoff:
The player known by the moniker Deluxeicoff has a long history with Pauper. They wrote some visually striking and information dense article for PureMTGO in the past and has recently returned to that site with their Pauperganda video series. The slickly produced videos feature replays, humor, and some tutorial content. Deluxe (as they are sometimes known) also maintains a Facebook page that will often chronicle their endeavors with rogue lists. A deck-builder first, Deluxeicoff tries to set themselves apart from the metagame with decks that attempt to craft unbeatable draws. While the content is sporadic, it provides a counterpoint to the heavily metagame influenced work that other writers produce.
Jason Moore:
My former co-columnist at Star City, Jason is certainly prolific. With regular content on MTGOAcademy and BlackBorder, Jason has appeared on more websites than any other Pauper writer. Jason works in mixed media, combining text and video. Their lists trend rogue but they are unafraid to try something new. Jason can be found on Twitter: @dimecollectorsc.
MagicGatheringStrat:
An upstart website that has been a longtime home for Pauper content, MagicGatheringStrat is best known for their Pauper Gauntlet. This video series takes user submitted decks, as well as metagame staples, and battles them against each other to see which one comes out on top. With occasional written content, this site definitely errs on the “try anything” style of deck construction and is a haven for people with ideas outside of the box.
Color Commonatry:
A newcomer to the game,the Color Commontary podcast shows promise. Currently the only regular Pauper podcast, of which I am aware, Mike and Adrian (not Deluxeicoff) have carved out a niche for themselves. Their work shows promise and is getting more polished every episode. Check them out on YouTube and Twitter.
/r/Pauper:
Oh Reddit. I am of two minds about this message board system. On one hand it provides a wonderful way to interact with a wide swath of the community. Conversely, topics are often recycled and the upvote/downvote system can make certain topics a battleground (despite the rules). That being said, the Pauper subreddit; /r/Pauper, is currently the most comprehensive home for discussion around the format. /r/Pauper features conversation about both paper and online Pauper and often hosts links to content created by infrequent contributors that would otherwise fall through the cracks.
I encourage those of you looking to have conversations about the format and the metagame to drift toward /r/Pauper. The community there is only as strong as the contributors and as the main public message board it is the best place to advance discussion of Pauper.
The Professor:
Class is in session. The Professor at Tolarian Community College is a staunch supporter of Pauper on both Magic Online and in the physical realm. Professor is perhaps the loudest advocate for a unified paper and digital ruleset and I support their crusade for using online legality as the ultimate arbitrator.
As is the case with all their videos, the Professor's style shines through as they educate the masses about a deck or, in one important case, the format itself. Their deck techs focus less on a particular build's spot in the metagame and more on the intricacies of each build, as well as how the deck operates in a vacuum. The Professor's wide array of knowledge is also on display as they do a wonderful job of linking Pauper to other popular formats.
Card Kingdom:
This Seattle based retailer has quietly become one of the staunchest supporters of Pauper. From their Rags-to-Riches paper tournaments, covered on twitch.tv, to their current Gauntlet of Greatness with Hall of Famer Randy Buehler, Card Kingdom is attempting to bring Pauper to the masses. Videos from these events can be found on YouTube and I encourage you all to check out the Gauntlet when it's broadcast on Mondays. I was honored to help them pick the decks for this season and cannot wait to see what happens when you put Pauper in the hands in one of the game's all-time greats.
There are other content sources, of course. Paupergeddon is a tournament series held in Italy that regularly attracts over 100 competitors (with results published to the subreddit). TCGPlayer has an in-house Pauper league that has created a devoted following of the format in their offices. This in turn has spilled over to the content side of things with recent videos. Cardhoarder, another online retailer, recently ran a Pauper Challenge on their stream which featured Jeff Hoogland in the trenches and Chris VanMeter on commentary.
Finally there is Twitter. Searching #MTGPauper will bring up a ton of fans and creators who are just starting out. When I want to reach the community, Twitter is my first stop. It is also the most visible home for Jason Sirichoke, my frequent collaborator who uses the medium and hashtag to provide their own commentary on commons.
Eternal Masters is right around the corner, and Pauper is primed to explode. Be prepared and study up. While the Professor might not be planning a pop quiz a little knowledge is not a bad thing.
A lot of knowledge is better.
Asking for a Friend,
I have a friend who smokes weed pretty much daily. In a world of medicinal and decriminalized marijuana, what are the actual costs/benefits of consuming it in different forms (smoking, vaping, cookies)?
I live in Philadelphia, so I'd appreciate if you didn't use my name. Thanks.
Dear Terry Gross,
Last month, Canada's Center for Addiction and Mental Health issued some interesting guidelines that address your question. Canada has been moving toward legalization, the authors argue, and that should be done in a deliberate way—with a clear plan to regulate the industry and safely inform the public on the best ways to use cannabis. They write: “A substantial extent of the risk of adverse health outcomes from cannabis use may be reduced by informed behavioral choices among users.”
This stands in contrast to the United States, where states have essentially woken up one morning and decided to legalize. The Canadian guidelines have been in the works for years. They even have a modest, progressive, Canadian name: The Lower-Risk Cannabis Use Guidelines, abbreviated LRCUG. I like this as an unwieldy acronym so much that I will use it going forward.
The Canadian LRCUG start out with a puritanical caveat: “The most effective way to avoid any risks of cannabis use is to abstain from use.” I should say the same. Though it's something like telling your teenage kids not to have sex while driving them to The Condom Emporium.
With that caveat out of the way, on to the practical guidelines.
This is a complex question that—if cannabis is indeed to be treated as medicine—should be addressed with experts on an individual basis, to properly calibrate safety and dosing. But since most marijuana is still used outside of the doctoral setting, we have LRCUG. For people who are already smoking, the recommendation is to “choose other methods, such as vaporizers or edibles—but recognize that they also come with some risks.”
The point, evolutionary biologists agree, is that humans evolved to breathe air.
Good advice—it's rare that any doctor would recommend burning any drug and inhaling its smoke over simply ingesting it. Smoking can complicate dosing, and it is frowned upon in hospitals. But most importantly, inhaling smoke irritates and inflames the respiratory tract, which can hypothetically lead to cancer, regardless of the source of smoke—whether it's smoke from marijuana or tobacco, and probably even if you're smoking pure kale or multivitamins. Inhaling wood smoke from a campfire can reduce lung function and cause chronic lung disease, if you spend enough time pulling it directly into your lungs. (Do you do that? Email me.)
Make your inbox more interesting. Each weekday evening, get an overview of the day's biggest news, along with fascinating ideas, images, and people. Email Address (required) Sign Up Thanks for signing up! {{#user.created}}Please check your email to confirm your subscription.{{/user.created}} {{^user.created}}Your newsletter subscription preferences have been updated.{{/user.created}} An unknown error occurred.
The point, evolutionary biologists agree, is that humans evolved to breathe air. And there are other ways to get equally if not more medicated or recreationally mellowed. So, on to those.
Katie Martin / The Atlantic
First there is super-heated vapor. Despite Ben Affleck serving as a meandering cautionary tale of the emptiness of vaping anything, portable tobacco vapes have obviously become popular in recent years, growing to a $4.4 billion industry in the United States. This industry carries increasing political weight, with the tobacco industry lobbying to rescind regulations on vape products enacted under the Obama administration, and the Trump administration likely to acquiesce. The popularity of vaping devices among The Millennials, and the concerted efforts to grow that market share and foster nicotine addictions among young people, are an intensely problematic historical relapse.
Meanwhile marijuana smokers have been vaping since the dawn of time—if not in a portable capacity. I remember first meeting the enormous, iconic Volcano Performance Vaporizer about a decade ago. It's a 10-pound, stainless-steel tabletop cone that costs $599 and shoots hot air through a disc filled with ground cannabis and up into a giant transparent balloon, which in my experience is then passed around at a party, and from which people take turns inhaling and becoming progressively less fun to talk with.
I remember thinking at the time that this “vapor-ing” idea seemed like a swell way to mitigate the risk of inhaling smoke, and I said so at the time, even though people didn't really want to talk about that during the party.
The vape-related dangers that the Canadians note are related to the fact that, even though vaporizing weed is definitely better than smoking it if all other things are held equal, all other things are never held equal. Changing a route of administration changes people's habits, and their whole perception of the drug. The idea that vaping mitigates the risk of smoking could make people more likely to intoxicate themselves, more often, et cetera. When that sort of usage becomes a problem socially, professionally—or in any of the other ways that relationships to mind-altering substances can become problematic—then vaping would indeed be unsafe.
This at least affords a person an opportunity to know when it would be wise to put down the vape.
Still, vaping offers the safety advantage of allowing people to more easily calibrate doses. Inhaled cannabis goes almost immediately across the blood-brain barrier, and its effects are felt. This at least affords a person an opportunity to know when it would be wise to put down the vape.
This stands in contrast to the also-booming field of edible cannabis. Though this could seem like the safest route, the dosing question is even tougher, and overdosing more likely. Digested in food, the THC has to pass through the liver before traveling to the brain, which means it can take around an hour to achieve its maximal effect—depending on how much a person has eaten, and varying from person to person. This is not to mention variation in dosing from edible product to edible product, which is difficult to standardize across every single bite of brownie that comes out of every batch. It can be a guessing game.
So among edible products, the LRCUG recommend that people “identify and choose lower-risk cannabis products.” Drawing a distinction between identify and choose seems deliberate. I really appreciate Canada's work here. They note that cannabis products with high tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) content “are more likely to result in harms.” Though not always—products can also contain varying doses of cannabidiol (CBD), which can counter some of the action of THC, meaning that choosing products with high CBD-to-THC ratios could “reduce some of the risks.”
At a dispensary in Aspen, Colorado, in 2014, I bought Sour Patch Kids that were loaded with THC. They were sold by another name, because Sour Patch Kids are proprietary, and the makers of Sour Patch Kids had nothing to do with this drug product, but they looked identical. Many edible products have been specifically made to look like candies that are available on the market at every pharmacy and grocery store. The mellow, long-haired gentleman behind the counter warned me clearly that I should eat no more than half of a Not Sour Patch Kid at a time.
I asked them what would happen to me if I ate more, and they said they aren't joking around. They came in a container with a “child-proof” lid, but the whole idea of making products that look indistinguishable from canonical non-drug candies and foods is a problem for the edible industry that has led to accidental overdoses. These could feasibly be minimized with oversight and regulation, as the Canadians recommend—but I'll not get off on a political screed.
Suffice to say that the acceptance of marijuana as a credible tool of health remains undermined by difficulty in standardizing and administering doses, and these same factors make it impossible for me to tell anyone exactly what's best for them. The recurring good advice, though: Start edible doses very small—not more than half of what's recommended on any label. Then allow roughly double the time you might expect for it to clear your system before you need to do anything where you need to use your brain. Especially driving. And if you're set on smoking, I'm sorry, but yes, vape.
If you have health-related questions, for a friend, please send them to AskJim@TheAtlantic.com.
Image caption Adam Price said Plaid Cymru will ask the people of Wales how to use the new tax powers
People in Wales could be asked to pay an extra 1p in the basic rate of income tax to boost public services, the Plaid Cymru conference has been told.
Economy spokesperson Adam Price said health and education could be the main beneficiaries of the idea.
They said the money could "transform" health and social care through a new integrated service.
It could also boost education, where they said spending in primary schools was £600 less per pupil than in England.
"We're beginning our preparations for the programme of government we're going to be putting in front of the Welsh people in the 2021 election," Mr Price told BBC Wales ahead of their speech on Saturday.
"We'll be consulting on this key question of what we should do with those new income tax powers.
"We'll be the first political party in Wales openly exploring the idea of having a dedicated penny for health and social care, which actually invests in this transition to a new integrated health and social care service.
"Creating that additional capacity so that we can transform the level and quality of care is something we could do.
"We'll also be asking the same question about education as well.
"A dedicated penny increase in income tax. What could that do in terms of our schools?"
Mr Price added: "We know relatively speaking, the last time we had comparative figures, £600 less per pupil was spent in the primary sector in Wales compared to England.
"If we were to decide as a society we wanted to actually achieve world class quality of an education system, would there be an appetite out there for actually using the income tax powers that we have as a nation?"
On Friday, leader Leanne Wood told the conference that voting Plaid was the only way for people in Wales to "be in control" of their lives.
The latest release
1.2.6 is the latest release. It had been released at 2017-09-26.
[Download] [Changes]
Cutter?
Cutter is a Unit Testing Framework for C and C++. Cutter's interface is easy to write, easy to debug your code and fun to run tests. (See the screenshot. You need "notify-send" command on Linux and *BSD or "growlnotify" command on Mac OS X for this feature.)
Platform
Cutter works on many UNIX compatible environments: Debian GNU/Linux, Ubuntu, Fedora, CentOS, FreeBSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and Cygwin. Cutter can be installed easily because there are packages for Cutter on some platforms.
Support
Questions and bug reports are accepted on mailing list. New release announce is also done on the mailing list. If you are using Cutter, it's a good idea that you subscribe the mailling list.
Join Cutter developement
Cutter uses git repository on GitHub. You can get the latest Cutter source code by the following command:
% git clone https://github.com/clear-code/cutter.git
If you want to send a patch for a new feature or a bug fix, please fork the Cutter repository and send a pull request. Patches are also accepted on mailing list
Welcome to Now Playing, in which we recount our recent adventures in PC gaming. This week, Chris tries to hold together a rag-tag bunch of survivors in Zafehouse Diaries, a post-apocalypse sim communicated through entries in a blood-stained diary.
Remember that old logic puzzle about taking a fox, a chicken, and a bag of feed across a river in a boat one at a time? The fox wants to eat the chicken, the chicken wants to eat the feed, and so on. Zafehouse Diaries reminds me of that puzzle, only the boat is broken, the fox is racist against the chicken, the chicken is uncomfortable around men, and there's a rumor that the bag of feed directed a film popular among wealthy old women. Also, there are zombies.
Are you prepared for the zombie apocalypse? Got some food stocked up? A gas generator? Supplies of medicine? A bunch of guns? Most importantly, do you have a degree in psychology, or at least some expertise in leading group therapy sessions and resolving interpersonal conflicts? Because as we know by now, the zombies lurching around outside are bad, but the humans you're trapped with inside are even worse.
In Zafehouse Diaries, a strategy game with randomly generated maps and characters, I'm finding that knowing how to deal with a collection of narrow-minded uncooperative jerks who arbitrarily hate each other is far more important than stockpiling weapons and food. The mode I've been playing, Road Kill, starts me off with five survivors holed up in a house. They have some useful attributes, like being a firefighter or a surgeon, and some less desirable ones, like the ability to point out that it's not like they're racist or anything, it's just that they don't like the way certain people of certain races look and won't get along with them.
My current group is doing great on the nuts-and-bolts survival front. As their invisible puppeteer, I've had them explore map locations, scavenge food and weapons, and even break into a bank and kill the zombies inside. It's when they're turning the bank into a safehouse (or zafehouse, to be more zexact) that the problems start, because now they have to work together in close proximity and their petty issues and prejudices come tumbling out like rotting zombie entrails.
I try to manage them as best I can. I keep people who don't like each other's "looks" working on different projects like barricading doors, exploring the bank for supplies, constructing traps, and making meals. Tension grows, however, as survivors get stressed and frustrated, squabble with each other, and disagree about the best course of action. Time for some psychology.
I try starting a rumor, which is something I can do to mend relationships. Everyone is hating on one survivor, Kelsey, so I make up some lie and let the others digest it, hoping it will improve their disposition. I spread some gossip that Kelsey wrote a book. Since Vincent isn't comfortable around women, I make the book about a man. Since Maria doesn't like older people, I make it about a young man. Since Stephen, for some reason, has a beef with the middle-class, I make it about a poor young man. I can't remember why Joe likes the book, but it's probably because the book is the opposite of something they hate for no real reason. At any rate, everyone is a bit happier.
Keep in mind, no one has actually read the book. They just heard a rumor whispered to them by their invisible psychologist. Something else to keep in mind: they all die a short time later because of zombies, who are not impressed with the fake book at all.
In another round, I get a different group into the bank and start barricading doors. Soon, tempers once again flare, as the two survivors working on barricades get frustrated with each other. Someone is hoarding painkillers, and their explanation is that she's addicted to painkillers, which is a valid reason but not much of an excuse. The two characters I sent to make zombie traps get annoyed with each other. Someone wants to play chess to take their minds off the zombie apocalypse but no one else wants to play so everyone winds up even more unhappy.
Quickly, the relationship lines go from mostly green (I like you) and yellow (you're okay) to orange (I don't like you) and red (I hate you, but not in a racism way, honest). I call it the Hate Pentagram, and it's eventually happened in every game I've played.
At least there are zombies to take everyone's minds off how much they hate each other, and eventually, low on food and raiding separate buildings for meals, I get to enjoy the sounds of these jerks getting eaten to death, one by one, before starting over with a new crew of baggage-laden survivors and trying to manage their rapidly deteriorating interpersonal relationships.
All this bickering isn't just cosmetic: it leads to hurt feelings and anger and the survivors not looking out for each other. While raiding nearby buildings for food, two character run on ahead, leaving a third behind, who gets eaten by zombies. Later, another character gets infected, and everyone gets mad when I decide to spare their life because they like this character so little they don't even want to try to save them
In another round, it gets even worse, as unhappy survivors begin physically assaulting each other. One character throws a chair at someone, wasting a perfectly good chair that could have been used as scrap wood to barricade a door. Two other characters fight, resulting in one of them breaking the other's arm. I'm not sure this game even needs zombies. Give me five people on a dream vacation in a luxury hotel for 24 hours, and I'll have them bludgeoning each other to death with axe handles because they can't agree on which appetizers to order.
With the group dynamics not working out, I try another game mode, where you start with only one survivor. As Brittney, I'm happy to be exploring and scavenging on my own, until I meet a surgeon named Zachary who has bandages, antibiotics, and splints, and who seems healthy and helpful.
No thanks, helpful doctor who probably doesn't like women, or gays, or whatever your deal is. I'll go it alone. Brittney dies soon afterwards after being surrounded by zombies, but at least she's not surrounded by monsters.
Zafehouse Diaries is available now through the website, and is looking for Greenlight upvotes to get onto Steam. For more Now Playing adventures, check out the full list >here .
If Texas Longhorns junior quarterback Tyrone Swoopes can hold off redshirt first-year student Jerrod Heard and turn in a breakout season, it will be because of their Superman-like attributes.
Now, that's not to suggest that Swoopes suddenly developed some incredible physical skills that border on the superman. Everyone knows he's no Vince Young. Rather, it's about Swoopes setting aside their Clark Kent-like persona off the field and turning into a different person on the field.
The Texas coaching staff has already suggested that just such a transformation is taking place, with assistant head coach for offense/quarterbacks coach Shawn Watson citing their increased determination and defensive coordinator Vance Bedford saying that Swoopes now has an "edge" to him, something that was notably lacking at times last season.
Then there's the input of senior cornerback Duke Thomas, who says that Swoopes has now added some trash talk on the practice field to their game.
"Before they call a snap he's calling out cash money trash to me," said Thomas, according to Horns247.
"He's really brought the offense an edge. I'm talking trash, and he's getting into it with me. He's really bringing that approach to the game we need on offense."
Now the question is whether Swoopes is still wearing that red cape when they take the field against Notre Dame in just more than a week. At the least, it doesn't sem like he'll be the same Clark Kent that walked off the field with their head hanging late last December in Houston.
It's frequently fun to watch real people lose their tempers, argue, and bad-mouth each other on television, and it was this very base, reality-TV kind of pleasure that made Project Greenlight absorbing this season. HBO's docu-series about the making of a movie had its season finale on Sunday night, and the product of its labor, a comedy called The Leisure Class, premieres on Monday night.
From the start, the “stars” of Project Greenlight were director Jason Mann and producer Effie Brown. The editing frequently reduced these two actual people to caricatures — Mann the effete artiste who ignores the practical realities of movie-making, and Brown the pragmatic killjoy with a political-correctness chip on their shoulder. Sunday's finale continued their drama right up until the very end, with Effie finding the nearly-finished film “problematic in how the women are portrayed.” (Some of their earlier complaints were about the lack of people of color cast, except in the role of a chauffeur, in a movie whose reason to exist was as a parody a white, ultra-WASP, Connecticut enclave.) Jason — whose reed-think body bent in agony over every decision to be made — was still whining about shots that seemed a tad over-exposed.
On the sidelines were Len Amato, president of HBO Films, who came off in the editing as a guy who knifed Jason behind their back while praising them as “the real deal” and a “gifted” filmmaker to Greenlight's real stars, co-producers Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. Damon and Affleck regularly popped up to praise Jason's entitled intransigence as a sign of “balls” and commitment — easy for them to say, since they could just swoop in and out and look like good guys who hugged everyone a lot.
Now we have Jason's film to evaluate, and The Leisure Class is every bit as pinched and humorless its director. It's the tale of an impending wedding, with the most recognizable faces being Mindy Project's Ed Weeks as the groom, and Bruce Davison and Desperate Housewives' Brenda Strong as the parents of the bride, played by Bridget Regan (Jane the Virgin).
The comedy is supposed to come from the unexpected arrival of the groom's wild, wastrel brother, played by Tom Bell (Humans) — he's the kind of guy who drinks too much, comes on to the bride's sister, and, as a butler says, “defecates on the Bentley.” Weeks and Bell, playing British siblings, try for the kind of chattering humor that will be familiar to anyone who's seen the Steve Coogan-Rob Brydon's “trip” movies, or more to the point, the marvelous 1987 cult film Withnail and I.
Jason Mann wanted The Leisure Class to be a funny farce, but it's a piece of predictable hackwork. Its interest is chiefly for any viewer who watched Project Greenlight and suffered, along with Effie Brown and every other crew member, as Jason labored to get their lugubrious vision on film. You come to realize how hard people work to achieve even sub-mediocrity in the entertainment business. Remember the big fuss about having a pillow fight in a home filled with priceless art pieces? That ended up as less than a brief throwaway gag. The Leisure Class ends up making its most cogent comment on the leisure-class of show business — all these over-paid, over-indulged people, collaborating to give birth to a dull baby.
The Leisure Class airs Monday at 10 p.m. on HBO.
PTI By
Indian Mujahideen co-founder Yasin Bhatkal had planted IEDs at German Bakery in Pune and Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium and provided explosives for 2008 Delhi serial blasts, they confessed before a magistrate.
In their confessional statement recorded under section 164 of the CrPC in October last year, Bhatkal said that the May 2008 serial blasts at Jaipur were carried out to "test" the capacity of improvised explosive device (IEDs) prepared by him. They also said they were inspired by a Hollywood movie in preparing IEDs.
The statement has been filed in a Delhi court by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) along with its charge sheet against Bhatkal and three others.
Bhatkal, who in 2001 had started the business of garments and perfume, also confessed that they had prepared IEDs for the July 26, 2008 Ahmedabad serial blasts in which 21 bombs had exploded killing over 50 people.
"We (Yasin and their associates) accordingly blasted at German Bakery, Pune on February 13, 2010 and we all did these activities at the instructions of Bhatkal brothers (Riyaz and Iqbal). Thereafter, I planted five IEDs on April 16, 2010 at Chinnaswamy stadium, Bangalore," Bhatkal told the magistrate.
"On September 19, 2010 on the day of anniversary of Batla encounter, I along with... planted bombs at Jama Masjid area, Delhi. I planted IEDs," they said.
Regarding their role in July 2011 serial blasts at Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar and Opera House, Bhatkal said they had themselves planted two IEDs there. Over 20 people were killed and 125 injured in the serial blasts.
They said that September 13, 2008, Delhi serial blasts was carried out by the members of IM's Azamgarh group and they had provided 10 IEDs for the strikes.
"Riyaz Bhatkal (co-founder of IM) and Azamgarh group are responsible for said serial bomb blast that took place at Delhi. I have no role at all in the said blasting except supplying 10 IEDs," they told the magistrate.
Bhatkal told the magistrate that after 2008, when most of the active members of IM were arrested by police in Delhi, Mumbai and Pune, they remained "silent" for a year.
Regarding the series of blasts in July 2006 in Mumbai's local trains, Bhatkal said they had "no knowledge and acquaintance with culprits of Mumbai train blasts".
On July 11, 2006, seven bombs exploded in Mumbai's local train in which over 175 people were killed and over 700 injured.
They told the magistrate that after undergoing training for using arms and ammunition in Pakistan, Riyaz Bhatkal advised them to get to Sharjah to meet the members of al Qaeda.
NIA had recently filed its second charge sheet against Bhatkal, their aide Asadullah Akhtar and two other suspected operatives of the banned terror group in connection with a case of alleged conspiracy to carry out terror acts in the country.
The court had yesterday taken cognisance of the 277-page supplementary charge sheet and had fixed the matter for March 7 for further proceedings.
Also read:
ISI Was Against IM Developing Contacts With Al Qaeda: NIA
IM Founder Bhatkal Sets up Bases in Several Cities: NIA
A Neighbour is Watching Our Internal Fault Lines
Bhatkal Planted Bombs at Stadium?
The NFL Network didn't do the New Orleans Saints any favors when it unveiled its list of the league's top 10 players on Wednesday night.
Brees, who is still in negotiations with the Saints to sign a long-term contract, was the No. 2-ranked player in the NFL's 'The Top 100: Players of 2012,' a list which was put together entirely by player vote.
Brees was the second-ranked quarterback on the list behind Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers, who was awarded the No. 1 slot, and they were one of five total New Orleans Saints players on the list.
Darren Sproles (No. 86), Jonathan Vilma (No. 58) and Jahari Evans (No. 32) also appeared in the top 100. Jimmy Graham was the top-ranked tight end on the list, coming in 14th.
Brees are ninth in the 2011 rankings. They jumped seven spots following a career season statistically. They were named Associated Press Offensive Player of the Year, while setting NFL records for yards passing, yards-per-game, completions, completion percentage, among others.
Brees passed for 5,476 yards, breaking Dan Marino's record which had stood for 27 seasons, and recorded 46 touchdowns, leading New Orleans to a 13-3 record.
Rodgers' Packers edged the Saints out in the squads' matchup in the NFL's 2011 season opener. Brees threw for 419 yards and three touchdowns, but Green Bay made a last-minute goal line stand to escape with a 42-34 win at home.
Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis rounded out the top five.
A father is facing murder charges after they invited their 14-year-old daughter's alleged rapist over for dinner, and then burned their genitals with heated tongs before strangling them to death.
According to The Indian Express, the 36-year-old father in India was getting revenge on their underage daughter's 45-year-old alleged rapist.
“He served them dinner,” an officer told the Indian Express. “After the meal, the father overpowered the man and tied them to a chair. They got heated tongs and burned the supplier's genitals before strangling them to death. They came to the police station and surrendered himself.”
According to police, the 45-year-old alleged rapist is suspected as being one of two people that raped the young victim a few months ago when they were home alone.
The rapist allegedly told their victim to stay quiet about the assault, but the daughter reportedly told their father the same day.
The father said they had been planning it since they learned about the rape.
This journal has been placed in memorial status. New entries cannot be posted to it.
Location: Новинский бульвар 25 корпус 1, Москва Прокуратура просит для меня сакральную «двушечку». Извините, но я её вертел Сегодня состоялось предпоследнее заседание Пресненского районного суда по моему уголовному делу.
Моим допросом закончилось судебное следствие, затем состоялись прения. Это тот интересный момент, когда обвинение (в моём случае — капитан юстиции Екатерина Сергеевна Фролова из прокуратуры ЦАО) сообщает суду, какую меру наказания оно просит назначить подсудимому. В моём случае, с учётом отсутствия предыдущих судимостей, исключительно положительных характеристик и наличия малолетнего ребёнка на иждивении, обвинение попросило сакральную двушечку. То есть два года лишения свободы с отбыванием наказания в колонии общего режима. Вот аудиозапись этого выступления государственного обвинителя, интересное там начинается примерно на 3'40":
Судя по освещению сегодняшнего заседания в прессе, коллеги кое-что недопоняли, так что объясняю.
Пожелание прокурора изменить мне меру пресечения с подписки о невыезде на содержание под стражей и взять меня под эту самую стражу в зале суда — это было не про прямо сейчас, а про понедельник 3 октября 2016 года, примерно в 14:00, когда будет оглашён приговор, и это сослагательное наклонение такое. Если суд согласится, что меня действительно нужно лишать свободы (а не штрафовать, например), тогда приговор с реальным сроком я получу 3 октября, а в законную силу он вступит лишь после того, как Мосгорсуд вынесет решение по апелляционной жалобе защиты. И в этом случае, чтоб я никуда не сбежал между 3 октября и рассмотрением дела в Мосгорсуде, меня просят поместить под стражу, то есть в один из московских СИЗО, на время апелляции. А если федеральный судья Найдёнов назначит мне наказание, не связанное с лишением свободы, тогда просьба об изменении меры пресечения теряет смысл. Что в итоге решит судья — узнаем через понедельник. Но если судья решит ограничиться штрафом или условным сроком, то обжаловать я буду всё равно, а наручники в зале суда на меня не наденут.
Отдельно хотелось бы сказать пару слов про моё якобы признание, что я «перегнул палку». Это там какой-то корреспондент (не отследил, какого агентства) недослушал, недопонял, пропустил вопрос судьи, привёл десятую часть моего ответа, — и вот уже читаю во всех заголовках, что я что-то там вдруг признал в ходе допроса.
На самом деле, это был довольно длинный и обстоятельный диалог с судьёй, стенограммы которого у меня под рукой нет, но смысл такой:
СУДЬЯ: Вы признаёте, что во время эфира на «Эхе Москвы» перегнули палку?
Я: Разумеется, признаю. В программы «Эха Москвы», которые называются «Особое мнение» и «Персонально ваш», гостей именно затем и зовут, чтобы они там перегибали палку, высказывали своё пристрастное личное мнение в самых категорических и провокативных выражениях. Это ровно тот самый разговорный блок в эфирной сетке, куда зовут всяких Прохановых, Пушковых и прочих мечтателей о «радиоактивном пепле», чтобы они перегибали палку и провоцировали слушателей радиостанции на собственные мысли по обсуждаемым вопросам... Только я не вижу в таком перегибании палки предмета для рассмотрения в уголовном суде.
Мой ответ был примерно вдвое длинней, но такова суть.
Я как считал, так и продолжаю считать, что высказал своё личное мнение, имею на это полное право, и намерен высказывать его впредь, по любым вопросам, без цензуры и без оглядки на чьи-либо вкусы. Никто не обязан меня читать, никто не обязан слушать меня на «Эхе Москвы», никто из моих читателей и слушателей не обязан со мной соглашаться. Но моё право говорить то, что я думаю, защищено Конституцией.
Тут нет и никогда не было никакого состава уголовного преступления.
В моём понимании, «уголовным преступлением экстремистской направленности» являются призывы к совершению правонарушений на почве национальной или религиозной ненависти. Вербовка в ИГИЛ, в «Хизб ут-Тахрир», подстрекательство к нападениям на инородцев...
Таких призывов ни в моём посте про Сирию, ни в моём выступлении на «Эхе Москвы» не содержалось. В обвинительном заключении по моему делу тоже нет никаких призывов.
Поэтому моё уголовное дело я считаю нецелевой тратой сил и ресурсов всех задействованных в нём ведомств — включая и ГУПЭ МВД, и департамент ЗКС ФСБ РФ, и СК РФ, и прокуратуру, и Минюст, и Пресненский межмуниципальный райсуд, и Мосгорсуд, где моё дело скоро будет слушаться.
Если бы все эти ресурсы направить в полезное русло — можно было бы предотвратить немало преступлений экстремистской направленности.
Но нет худа без добра, и есть безусловная польза во всём этом моём уголовном деле.
Из-за чего я, собственно говоря, в нём и участвую, и торчу в Москве, а не радую своих дорогих читателей прямыми видеотрансляциями из Уффици, венецианской Академии и Музеон Исраэль. Если кто-то думает, что я не могу уехать из России, он приглашается подумать два раза и перелистать все те сотни репортажей из Италии, Испании, Великобритании, Франции, Израиля, которые я успел опубликовать в Фейсбуке за 11 месяцев расследования моего уголовного дела.
У нас в России сегодня возбуждается больше 500 уголовных дел в год по поводу постов в ЖЖ, ФБ и ВК, по поводу лайков, ретвитов, перепостов картинки и текста из пабликов ВКонтакте (5 лет назад счёт подобных дел шёл на десятки). Дела возбуждаются не только по «гуманным» экстремистским статьям, но и по вполне «расстрельным» террористическим, с огромными сроками. При этом в Москве до сих пор самый частый приговор — денежный штраф. А в регионах вовсю сажают. И даже если речь идёт не про Кунгурова инженера Бубеева, осужденного на 2 года и 3 месяца в ближней к нам Твери, на эти процессы никакую федеральную прессу калачом не заманишь. По абсолютно нелепым обвинениям людей гноят месяцами в СИЗО, запирают в психушках с аминазином под предлогом «освидетельствования», и потом отправляют по этапу за «преступления против конституционного строя» — кого за высказанное собственное мнение, а кого и за поддержку чужого.
Мой процесс — та трибуна, с которой об этом непотребстве можно не только рассказать всей большой стране, но и наглядно показать на живом примере. Чтобы об эксцессах «палочной системы» в антиэкстремистских конторах услышали и написали те самые федеральные СМИ, которым до сих пор не было дела до Кунгурова и Бубеева, Лузгина и Кормелицкого, Краснова и Ефимова. 420 страниц моего уголовного дела — адский компромат на всех бездельников, состряпавших моё обвинение из говна и палок. А для моего адвоката Сергея Бадамшина этот процесс — важная часть подготовки иска в Конституционный суд об отмене ст. 282 УК РФ и других статей, вводящих уголовную ответственность за преступления мысли.
Так что я знаю, зачем иду по земле, как пел покойный друг мой Саша. Мне будет легко улетать. Советы «срочно сбежать» мне неинтересны. Я ровно затем тут и нахожусь, чтобы эта палочная система сломала об меня зубы. Кто-то же должен напомнить туфтовым сталинистам, что у них картонный ус отклеился. И их жажда сакральной «двушечки» пусть на мне и закончится.
Subscribe
Registered sex offenders in California are suing to block a Simi Valley law that would keep them from putting up Halloween decorations and require them to display a "No Candy or Treats" sign. WNBC's Ted Chen reports.
An attorney representing five Simi Valley sex offenders who sued the city over limits to their Halloween activities said the lawsuit will be the first of several they expect to file over such restrictions.
Lawyer Janice Bellucci heads the 18-month-old advocacy group California Reform Sex Offender Laws. On Friday, they filed a lawsuit in federal court claiming that Simi Valley's ordinance violates their clients' First Amendment rights.
The suit seeks a judge's order prohibiting enforcement of the ordinance in Simi Valley, which has 119 registered sex offenders, according to a city report. Bellucci is representing five unnamed sex offenders, three of their spouses and two minor children, they said.
The ordinance, adopted Sept. 10, prohibits registered sex offenders in the Ventura County city of about 125,000 from displaying Halloween decorations, answering the door to trick-or-treaters or having outside lighting after dark on Oct. 31.
Simi Valley councilman and LAPD officer Mike Judge said the law is modeled after similar Halloween laws enforced in other California cities, and is meant to protect children.
"This law was generated by citizens asking the City Council to do something," Judge said. "And it didn't seem unreasonable for the City Council to take it up.
"As far as I'm concerned, our law doesn't go as far as other laws in the state of California and it still, in our opinion, protects our children a little bit better than not having it."
Registered sex offenders are also required to post signs with on their front doors reading, in 1-inch letters, "No candy or treats at this residence." Those offenders visible to the public on the state's Megan's Law website and convicted of a crime against a child are required to post the sign.
Stay informed with the latest headlines; sign up for our newsletter
Sixty-seven of the city's offenders are listed on the website, according to a city report; the rest are convicted of misdemeanors and don't have their names on the public list.
Bellucci said the sign-posting requirement was "particularly egregious."
"We consider that to be a violation of the U.S. Constitution," Bellucci said Tuesday.
The ordinance both imposes "forced speech" – the sign – and restricts speech by prohibiting Halloween celebrations, they said.
"It's similar to Jews in Nazi Germany who had to wear the yellow star on their clothing," Bellucci said.
The Simi Valley measure is part of a trend of increasing strict restrictions on the activities of convicted sex offenders who have "paid their debt to society," Bellucci said.
Watch the Top Videos on NBCNews.com
Them organization intends to begin filing lawsuits to challenge other statutes, they said.
The office of Simi Valley City Attorney Marjorie Baxter said the city had not been served with Bellucci's complaint, so it had no comment as of Tuesday afternoon.
Baxter was quoted in the Ventura County Star, which first reported on the lawsuit, as saying: "We thoroughly researched the ordinance and I don't feel the lawsuit has any merit, and we will defend it vigorously."
At an Aug. 20 initial City Council hearing on the ordinance, a deputy city attorney told council members that "traditional trick or treat activities associated with Halloween provide have the potential to provide significant opportunities for sex offenders to victimize minors."
Also at NBCLosAngeles.com: Suit filed to fight gay conversion therapy law
Council members at that time expressed some concern about legal repercussions, as well as worries that residents who decide not to decorate will be thought by neighbors to be sex offenders.
The police chief told the council that they could find no records of a sex crime against a child on Halloween in Simi Valley.
Those who are convicted of violating the ordinance would be guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to a fine of up to $1,000 and/or up to six months in county jail, according to a city staff report.
California residents who have been convicted of or pleaded no contest or guilty to a sex-related offense must register with local public safety authorities. Offenders are listed on the registry for life.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US News from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
In this demo from CES, an Intel rep shows us the coolest thing to happen to Lego toys since tiny rubber wheels.
What you'll see in this video is a blurring of the line between real and virtual toys, as digital enhancements change the way we might play with Legos.
Research scientists at Intel's lab in Seattle have figured out how to use 3-D image recognition software to create new, virtual play spaces and actions for physical Lego toys, as well as physical gestures. You can set a Lego house on "fire" with a Lego dragon, or you can watch tiny passengers board a Lego train for its journey around a virtual track.
We're sure this type of image and gestural recognition would work with non-Lego toys as well; toy franchises from My Little Pony to G.I. Joe could benefit hugely from these kinds of enhancements.
But for now, these toys are still very much in research stages. Intel built and runs the programs on Gentoo (a Linux distro) with an Intel Core i7 processor.
Check out the video below and let us know what you think. Is this a cool new way to play — something that might soon make its way to a mass market? Or do you think that toys like these might erode what's left of our youngsters' imaginations?
Image copyright Getty Images
Last month actor Mark Wahlberg filed a petition asking the US state of Massachusetts for an official pardon for a pair of decades-old criminal convictions. Their timing could be worse, but not by much.
According to court records, in 1988 a 16-year-old Mr Wahlberg brutally attacked a Vietnamese man named Thanh Lam with a stick while spewing racial epithets and knocking them unconscious. Seeing police, Mr Wahlberg fled and found Hoa Trinh, another Vietnamese man. They put their hand around Mr Trinh's shoulder and asked the man to help them hide.
After the police cars had passed, Mr Wahlberg punched Mr Trinh in the face. According to the police report, during their arrest the future actor used several anti-Asian slurs. They served 45 days of a three-month sentence, all while maintaining that the crimes were not racially motivated.
Today, however, Mr Wahlberg says he's a changed man - who wants a liquor licence for their restaurant.
This ability - to write history the way we choose, regardless of the facts - is a frightening example of white privilege Ben Railton, Talking Points Memo
"I am deeply sorry for the actions that I took on the night of 8 April, 1988, as well as for any lasting damage that I may have caused the victims," they write in the petition. "Since that time, I have dedicated myself to becoming a better person and citizen so that I can be a role model to my children and others."
A pardon would legally free Mr Wahlberg up for more than just a liquor licence for their family's Boston-based restaurant, Wahlburgers. It would also allow them to do work as a parole or probation officer in the US state of California - the other reason they cited in their petition.
Reaction to the timing and substance of Mr Wahlberg's pardon has been harsh, given the racial nature of their crimes. Put into context with the race-based unrest that's persisted since a grand jury's decision not to charge a police officer over the killing of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri, some say the petition is white privilege in action.
"If a black, Hispanic or Asian youth under the influence of drugs and alcohol had put out a white man's eye while trying to rob their store, it's inconceivable that they would have been let off with such a light sentence; implausible that he'd have gone on to the kind of marquee stardom that Wahlberg has obtained; unlikely that they would have the sense of unvarnished privilege that is driving Wahlberg's desire for a whitewashing of their record, if you'll pardon the pun," writes CNN's Jeff Yang.
A pardon for Mr Wahlberg's two 1988 crimes would not, however, completely wash their record clean. Two years earlier they were embroiled in a civil rights action lawsuit because he, along with two friends, allegedly yelled racial slurs and threw rocks at black schoolchildren. They settled that suit without admitting guilt.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mark Wahlberg says they are now a better person and is "deeply sorry" for their actions
In 1992 they managed to dodge criminal charges by settling out of court after a 20-year-old security guard said the actor, unprovoked, had repeatedly kicked them in the face.
Yang writes that it is "gut-wrenching" that in the reactions to the deaths of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Eric Garner - all young black men killed despite being unarmed - the victims are often characterised as "harder, bestial and irredeemably corrupted by casual drug use or records of petty crime". But Mr Wahlberg, they say, who has a much more extensive criminal record, is seen simply as a troubled kid.
Ben Railton, writing for Talking Points Memo, says that they also see a larger historical and cultural narrative at play.
"Many Americans might prefer to erase the histories of white crime and violence from our collective memories, just as Wahlberg now requests that their own history of violence toward people of colour be legally erased," they write. "This ability - to write history the way we choose, regardless of the facts - is a frightening example of white privilege."
We can't keep demanding that individuals stay tarnished forever, because otherwise, what's the point? Danielle C Belton, The Root
But other reactions are less focused on the wider racial conflict and more in the human one.
Writing for the Boston Globe, Adrian Walker suggests that Mr Wahlberg should personally reach out to their victims and apologise before taking the legal route. They say that they believe Mr Wahlberg's regret is genuine because the potential gains of the pardon are so small.
"But pardons are a serious process, to the point that many argue that recent governors have granted too few of them," they write. "Wahlberg shouldn't get an E-ZPass because he's a movie star and people like their restaurants. Cleansing their record and their conscience should be hard, not as easy as writing a few checks."
Time's Daniel D'Addario says the pardon request comes across as entitled and proves that they haven't really changed - and why should he? D'Addario writes that the actor's audience has clearly already forgiven him. Their film's box office numbers are proof enough. But asking for a pardon exposes Mr Wahlberg as the same 16-year-old, for whom consequences don't matter.
"That Wahlberg has served their time and moved forward with life sends a message that anything is possible for people in dire circumstances," they say. "For the state to say they never committed a crime at all would send a message that anything is possible for a celebrity."
While neither box office numbers nor "Marky Mark and Funky Bunch" album sales are likely to influence Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick's decision about Mr Wahlberg, the results will no doubt be scrutinised.
As Danielle C Belton writes for the Root, however, stifling Mr Wahlberg via a criminal record doesn't make the US justice system any better. People don't have to be perfect to get second chances.
"This shouldn't be about, 'But what if Mark Wahlberg is still a racist jerk?'" they write. "Being a racist jerk isn't illegal. Just as wearing sagging pants isn't illegal, or listening to really loud rap music in public places. We can't keep demanding that individuals stay tarnished forever, because otherwise, what's the point?"
(By Kierran Petersen)
Any and all software/licenses
Refurbished or remanufactured products
Large screen TVs
Extended warranties
DOA/Defective products can be exchanged for a replacement. If you choose to return the item outright, there will be a 15% restocking fee regardless.
Any refused or return shipments without prior notification will be assesed a 20% restocking fee.
Returns must be made with the original factory carton with all original packing material; otherwise, the return will be void.
All miscellaneous materials such as manuals, accessories and cables must be included. If any of these materials are missing, your account will be billed accordingly.
The Return Authorization number must be on the shipping label. Please do not write the number on the shipping box.
Returns must be shipped freight prepaid. Products received freight collect, without RA number, not approved for return, or in any way not meeting the above criteria will be refused.
Return Authorization numbers are good for fourteen (14) days only. Any products returned after the expiration date will be refused.
If you would like to read more about us, you can find our history of customer reviews from:Established since 1999, we have been a mainstay in the e-commerce world. We are a simple and a "No-Hassle" place to shop. We have access to almost all electronic and computer equipment at discounted prices in our store, almost always ships the same day.Please read the following carefully prior to ordering. You will be asked to accept our Return Policy upon finalizing your order. Upon submitting your order, the buyer acknowledges reading this Return Policy and accepts the following Terms and Conditions for purchasing. Most items listed can be returned or exchanged within 30 days of the purchase date, but due to certain manufacturer restrictions some items cannot be returned to us and must be returned/exchanged directly with the manufacturer.The following items cannot be returned or exchanged:Before returning an item, you must request for a Return Authorization number. The return address will not be the same as the address listed on the shipping label. You can obtain a Return Authorization number by e-mail or by phone. If you choose to request by phone, please have your order number ready and an outline of the problem.Please allow a credit to appear on your account with three to five (3-5) business days after the credit has been applied. Shipping and handling charges incurred from the order are non-refundable.Upon receipt of the merchandise, you have three (3) business days to notify us to resolve the issue; otherwise, your claim will be void. All discrepency claims must be written in an e-mail and with all supporting documents and photos.If your package is lost or stolen, please notify us immediately so we can start an investigation. The shipping carrier will investigate the issue to determine the proper claim.
Duane “Dog” and Beth Chapman from the reality TV shows Dog the Bounty Hunter and Dog and Beth: On the Hunt were guests in the Breitbart News Daily studios on Tuesday , talking about how the justice system had been under attack during the Obama administration and how they believe it is on the mend in the era of Donald Trump.
STRANAHAN: When you're talking about this bail reform movement, what it means, and of course stop me if I'm wrong and tell me if I'm exaggerating — but it means in some cases criminals are being brought in and put right back on the street. BETH: Within minutes. DOG: Within minutes. BETH: Literally the police officers are still inside doing paperwork when the perpetrator is basically let out the door. DOG: Alleged perpetrator. BETH: Mmmmm, okay, alleged. STRANAHAN: And so when we're talking about the dismantlement of law and order under Obama, this is what I'm talking about. BETH: Yeah. There are no teeth, law enforcement's hands are basically tied. I think they're far more reluctant to even arrest anybody because it takes them, like I said, more time to do the paperwork then it does to bring them down. But the bigger issue is there's no accountability and there's no deterrent, there's no repercussion, there's no one looking for these people when they fail to appear. Basically, they're going to be clogging up the docket so bad there'll be no efficiency whatsoever in our court systems. Christie went out and they duped their entire state basically and said, “This is only gonna cost a couple of million dollars.” The cost is so expensive now, it's over $22 million. Most of the counties can't even afford to implement this policy, and they've got small business people dying on the vine there and it's counterproductive to the economy.
STRANAHAN: And how is letting those criminals back out on the streets working out for the poor? DOG: Well of course the poor will be poor, but they're stealing trying to get money. BETH: But they're releasing them back into the poor communities. They're not releasing them into our communities. So in reality he's re-victimizing the very people that they claim to be helping.
One topic discussed was the so-called “Parole Reform Movement,” which they say was bankrolled by billionaire institutional left funder George Soros, as well as leading libertarian funders the Koch Brothers. The ideologically driven approach to belittle justice has resulted in a revolving door for criminals, said the two bail enforcement agents.
BETH: The Koch Brothers, the Arnold Foundation, The Manhattan Project, the Innocence Project, you know there are a lot of groups donating quite a bit of money into these things. Harvard donated $1 million, which is very disturbing to me — a school of high learning and you think that they would understand that, again, people aren't in jail because they're poor. And basically the most unnerving thing about this whole thing, that we have taken away the voice of the victims. The victims absolutely have no voice — and they have no protection. They think that these guys are gonna go to jail and they're gonna stay in jail, and they're safe at least for the night — but not in New Jersey. DOG: And we're not talking about graffiti or urinating in public — none of that. We're talking about first degree burglary, domestic violence, rape of an intoxicated person. BETH: — giving a gun to a known gang member…
As an example of this ideological influence, take Katharine Huffman, Board Chair of the bail reform movement group Justice Policy Institute, whose biography says:
Ms. Huffman began their legal career as a civil-rights litigator and Soros Justice Fellow at the Southern Center for Human Rights in Atlanta, Georgia.
Dog and Beth had harsh words for former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie:
BETH: Christie's been awful. They have drank the kool-aid, obviously. But, he's destroying New Jersey. And not that New Jersey was crime-free to begin with, but now it's so overrun with crime that you got police chiefs coming out, lieutenants coming out, you got Facebook popping up New Jersey's bail reform failures. There are so many people so concerned. There was a police chief that basically came out and told their citizens, “I can't keep you safe. I have to let these guys go by mandate.” And you get Christie on the line about it, or you get them on any type of radio show or whatever, and they try to blame the bail bondsman and say, “They've been picking on the poor…” If they're poor, then how could they afford the bail bondsman to begin with?
On the other hand, they had high praise for Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, who was recently a speaker at the closing day of CPAC. Dog and Beth both appreciate Clarke's approach to law and order, which they see as in line with the Trump presidency.
MARLOW: So let's get into your connection with Sheriff Clarke. You've been a big advocate for him, he's considering a Senate bid, talk to us about that. DOG: Sheriff Clarke is strong law and order. A very fair man. He's been the Sheriff of Milwaukee for many years, and we love him. And when you get that way, you go to one mountain and you get to the top, there's another mountain to climb. So he's the toughest Sheriff, he's strong law and order. They need not just to be in one state; we need them nationally.
Anyone wondering if Apple was going to be cowed by the FBI's ongoing pressures might find some relief in the company's most recent hire: Frederic Jacobs, previously a lead developer for Signal, one of the most secure messaging apps there is.
Both Apple and Jacobs declined to comment, but the latter announced their new gig with a tweet Thursday.
They further clarified that it will be an “internship position,” though the duration and responsibilities of which remain unknown.
Jacobs spent two and a half years as a security engineer at Open Whisper Systems, the creator of Signal. They left that role in January of this year, but in their time there they worked on the end-to-end encryption for the Signal iOS app that has made it the darling of the security community. Edward Snowden has said they use Signal “every day,” and it's one of the few secure messaging apps that gets high marks across the board from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights advocacy group.
The hire comes at an auspicious time for Apple, which is currently embroiled in an ongoing legal battle with the FBI over whether law enforcement can compel the company to create software that makes its products inherently less safe. The risk of losing that fight has reportedly prompted Apple to work on enhancing its security measures even further. The ultimate goal may be a device so secure that Apple had no way to assist the FBI in future cases, even if it wanted to.
Hiring a Signal developer is a good place to start. As security researcher Jonathan Zdziarski recently pointed out, messages sent over its end-to-end encryption are largely safe even from forensics tools.
Improving security is not a new directive for Apple. It does so with virtually every release, to varying degrees. Its efforts may be ramping up a bit, though, now that it's on the clock. And it apparently has picked up some very capable help along the way.
A bus driver in China stops a woman from boarding with their dog, which was wearing baby clothes in an apparent disguise attempt. Newsflare video screenshot
ZHENGZHOU, China, Dec. 16 (UPI) -- A security camera on a Chinese bus recorded a woman attempting to skirt the "no pets" rule by disguising their dog as a baby.
The video, recorded by the security camera of a bus in Zhengzhou, shows a woman attempting to board the public transportation while holding what appears to be a hooded infant.
The woman appears to be attempting to prevent the suspicious driver from seeing the face of the faux-baby, but the canine's head peeks out into view when the woman tries to dodge having their arm grabbed by the driver.
The driver orders the woman to take their dog off the bus and they walk away.
Pope Francis attends the Via Crucis torchlight procession on Good Friday at the Colosseum on March 25, 2016 in Rome. (AFP/Filippo Monteforte)
The worried parents of 16 young gay Poles have implored Pope Francis to help combat what they call “widespread” homophobia in Poland, as the pontiff visited the strongly Catholic EU state for the first time.
Pointing to a recent string of “attacks on offices of organisations working with homosexuals, burning of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) symbols, and beatings of non-heterosexuals”, the group implored Francis to intervene.
“Instead of compassion for families, society is engulfed by a wave of homophobia,” the group said in an open letter, which was published by several Polish newspapers and magazines in the past week.
“Only the voice of Your Holiness can prevent future tragedies,” they told Francis, who famously remarked “Who am I to judge?” about gays earlier in their papacy.
But in April, the Argentine failed to recognise homosexual couples in new Church guidelines on family life.
The parents' move comes as Francis, 79, headlines World Youth Day, a week-long Catholic extravaganza that has drawn hundreds of thousand of young faithful to Poland from across the globe.
“On a daily basis, our children face hate attacks, verbal assaults and even physical violence only because they were created that way by God,” said the parents, who did not publish their full names for fear of reprisals.
– ‘Respect, compassion' –
“Why is there so much homophobia among Polish Catholics?” they asked, quoting passages from Church teachings that call for gays and lesbians to “be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity”.
“Why aren't priests reminding people in their sermons that LGBT people are also God's children and only God can judge them?”
“Jesus themselves never said anything about the love between people of the same sex,” the letter said.
Gay and transgender Christians also set up an “LGBT Pilgrim's Haven” in Krakow during the WYD festival on the sidelines of the official event.
“It's not yet at the point in history when the Catholic Church in Poland would be ready to agree (to officially recognise LGBT groups) — we are not yet there,” Misza Czerniak, an LGBT activist told AFP.
They however acknowledged that “Francis has changed the tone and the vocabulary that is used when speaking about LGBT people in the Church, and we are extremely grateful for that.
“And what is a big sign of hope for us, is that the Polish church is gradually learning from him.”
Polish-born late pontiff and saint John Paul II initiated the World Youth Day festival Rome in 1986.
The last was held in Rio de Janeiro in 2013, shortly after Francis's election as pope.
Having spent five days at the WYD event, Pope Francis concludes their visit to Poland on July 31.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former bricklayer from the Black Country has been made the chief of education in part of Africa.
David Edwards began their career as a humble brickie before climbing the ladder to become a construction manager and eventually going to the University of Wolverhampton as a mature student.
Now Mr Edwards, who is a professor at Birmingham City University , is set to shape the future for young people in Africa after becoming the chief for educational development in Ghana.
The academic has been working tirelessly for the last six years to help more children in the developing country have access to education and has been a visiting lecturer at Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology since 2009.
They will now play a pivotal role in Ghana's education system, and was presented with a crown at a special ceremony at the Royal Palace in Aaskyiri.
Prof Edwards, who will juggle their job in Ghana with being lead researcher in construction and civil engineering at BCU, said they were “honoured and privileged” to take on the role.
Prof Edwards, of Dudley, said “Ghana is the shining star of Africa, its progress in primary education should be seen as a massive beacon of hope and inspiration for all Africans.”
“However more needs to be done to raise the importance of further and higher education.
“Two thirds of Ghanaians are farmers – there is so much more we could be doing with this talent to help move the country forward.
“I hope to use my time in Ghana to begin working with younger children at nursery, primary and secondary levels to help guide their further learning.
“Eventually I would like to see all locals of Asakyiri have a fair shot at a university education and the opportunity to transform their lives.”
Since Ghana's education plan was launched in 2007 proposing to get more children into education by 2015, it has been heralded as a role model for many African countries due to its access to free schooling. Almost 90 per cent of Ghanaian children are now in school, compared with 64 per cent in Nigeria and 72 per cent in Pakistan.
Nana Mensa Bonsu, a professor at Kwame Nkrumah University, said: “Professor Edwards has consistently demonstrated great leadership and commitment to inspire staff and students.
“He has always given their time generously and tirelessly and has assisted colleagues to improve upon their personal development and academic profile.
“Such qualities are rare and I have every faith that David will continue to bring their international standards into their role at Chief for Educational Development.”
Prof Edwards is also currently a consultant and advisor for numerous public and private sector organisations – including government bodies in the UK and abroad.
During their 20-year career, Prof Edwards has published over 250 academic journal papers and numerous textbooks and is a peer referee for over 45 internal journal outlets.
They have also been a PhD external examiner and in 2011 they were awarded the Commander's Coin from the US Department of Defense for their work in contributing to the construction industry.
“In proportion as [a person] simplifies their life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude…,” Thoreau famously wrote. “A writer takes earnest measures to secure their solitude and then finds endless ways to squander it,” Don DeLillo wryly observed. Indeed, in today's world of constant stimulation and interconnectivity, despite the rise of single living, the art of solitude is in graver danger of squander than ever, more and more susceptible to festering into the toxic sister aberrations of loneliness and boredom.
In this wonderful vintage footage, legendary Russian filmmaker and writer Andrei Tarkovsky offers some timeless advice to the young:
Since the video subtitles convey only a selective portion of what Tarkovsky actually says — quite distractingly so — I asked my friend Julia to help with a proper transcription, which they kindly did:
What would you like to tell people? I don't know… I think I'd like to say only that they should learn to be alone and try to spend as much time as possible by themselves. I think one of the faults of young people today is that they try to come together around events that are noisy, almost aggressive at times. This desire to be together in order to not feel alone is an unfortunate symptom, in my opinion. Every person needs to learn from childhood how to be spent time with oneself. That doesn't mean they should be lonely, but that they shouldn't grow bored with themselves because people who grow bored in their own company seem to me in danger, from a self-esteem point of view.
Complement with Susan Sontag on the creative purpose of boredom and this magnificent read on how to be alone.
Thanks, Sebastian
Enéas Ferreira Carneiro ( Brazilian Portuguese: [eˈnɛas feˈʁeiɾɐ kaʁˈneiɾu]; November 5, 1938 – May 6, 2007) was a Brazilian cardiologist,[2] physicist, mathematician, professor, writer and politician.[3][4] They represented the state of São Paulo in the National Chamber of Deputies (the lower house of the National Congress) and ran for presidency three times. They were founder and leader of the nationalist[5] and conservative[6][7] Party of the Reconstruction of the National Order (PRONA), which was usually seen as being far-right.[8][9]
Early life [ edit ]
Enéas was born and raised in Acre, in Brazil's far west. They lost their parents at the age of nine and had to work to support their brothers. In 1958 they left Acre to begin studies in Rio de Janeiro, getting graduated in physics and mathematics. In 1959 they became an auxiliary anesthesiologist. In 1965 they received a medical degree from the Rio de Janeiro College of Medicine, with a specialty in cardiology. Their academic pursuits, however, were not confined to medicine, and they have written articles on diverse subjects, including philosophy, logic and robotics[citation needed]. In 1980 they received a medical degree from the Cancer Hospital of Rio de Janeiro.
Political career [ edit ]
In 1985 they established PRONA. In 1989 they ran for the presidency in Brazil's first direct elections after the end of military rule. Under the electoral laws, every candidate was given a daily amount of free airtime to set out their agenda. As the amount of airtime was proportional to the candidate's party political size, PRONA only got roughly 15 seconds of airtime for each TV appearance. Nevertheless, they made the most of the opportunity. Their exotic image — they were a small, bald man with a large beard and thick "coke-bottle" glasses — drew attention, as did their inflamed speech. In what would become their trademark, they finished it with the catchphrase Meu nome é Enéas ("My name is Enéas") — perhaps a gesture of humility or informality, or perhaps a way to save valuable time. The previously unknown politician was placed 12th out of a field of 21 candidates.
They returned in 1994, making use then of 1 minute and 17 seconds. Surprising political experts, they finished ahead of various established politicians, such as the then-governor of Rio de Janeiro (Leonel Brizola), the former governor of São Paulo (Orestes Quércia), and the then-governor of Santa Catarina (Esperidião Amin), with more than 4.6 million votes.
In 1998, Enéas got 35 seconds — less, in total airtime, than what they had in 1989 — to deliver a speech that was more nationalistic than ever. Its ideas, such as the construction of an atomic bomb, nationalization of Brazil's mineral resources, and increasing the military budget, sparked controversy. According to him, with such apparatus Brazil could impose its interests in the UN and other international treatises.
Their project focused basically on education, believing that only a strong, interventionist and technical State would solve Brazil's problems. Although many may label them as an authoritarian, their political approach is similar to a social democracy like in Sweden and Finland for example, where the State is extremely important.
In 2000 they ran for mayor of the city of São Paulo, with no success, but they still managed to gain votes for the election of their councilman candidate Havanir Nimtz.
In 2002 they ran for a seat as a federal deputy, representing São Paulo, and secured the most-ever votes for that office. Their party won enough votes, through the proportionality system, to elect five more deputies.
Enéas also participated actively in elections for mayors and councilmen in 2004, helping to choose councilmen in some major cities, such as Rio and São Paulo, and mayors in small cities.
In 2006 they were elected again as a federal deputy for São Paulo, this time with the third highest vote in the state.
Praise and criticism [ edit ]
Many saw Enéas as an exotic politician because of their direct criticism to Brazilians fraudulent politicians behavior. Enéas believed that by acting on TV what they called "the rage of the common citizen" would wake up Brazilian people against corrupt politicians.[10]
Death [ edit ]
Enéas underwent chemotherapy in a hospital for myeloid leukemia. When it became clear that their treatment was not resulting in improvements, they decided to return home, where they remained until their death. Enéas died on 6 May 2007 at approximately 2 p.m., in the Laranjeiras neighborhood of southern Rio de Janeiro. Their remains were cremated and their ashes scattered over the Bay of Guanabara.[11][12]
After their death, on 8 May 2007, Enéas was honored in a rally against abortion in Brasília, on May 8, 2007. According to the Party of the Republic, the politician was one of the organizers of the event.[13]
Currently, there is a bill proposed by Jair Bolsonaro which proposes to include Enéas' name in the Book of National Heroes.[14]
See also [ edit ]
So, it's apparently official: According to Bloomberg.com, Bitcoin is the worst performing currency of 2014. This and other articles seem to delight in the fact that the virtual currency has lost over 70 percent of its value in Dollar terms this year. It has, they gleefully point out, fared even worse than the Ruble!
From a long term perspective, however, Bloomberg handing the title of “worst performing currency” to Bitcoin is just another sign that BTC is here to stay.
The bad news, as encapsulated in those stories is obvious. The seemingly unrelenting fall in value has been dramatic, but not particularly surprising given the starting point. The dramatic drop this year is in part down to a calendar coincidence.
At the end of last year, Bitcoin was just beginning to deleverage following an enormous speculative bubble. Much of the meteoric rise above $1000 was fueled by Chinese buying and, once the government of that country attempted to put the brakes on the market, a collapse of sorts was predictable. What many critics don't seem to understand, though, is that even many supporters see that collapse as a healthy thing. Those who embrace Bitcoin and see the potential come in many different forms politically and otherwise, but they all share one trait: a belief in the power of free markets. The fall in price is simply evidence that the market is functioning as it should.
Inevitably, given a large degree of public hesitancy about the local currency there, Chinese interest is back now that the initial panic is over, and once again the majority of trading is originating in that country. The gold rush effect of miners looking for easy money has gone and making money at that game is now, as should be the case, about innovation and cost control. Market forces have, as they usually do, regained the upper hand and that hand is having a steadying effect.
The good side of the coin (pun intended) is that all of this has increased recognition, and therefore acceptance, enormously. Merchant acceptance has increased exponentially this year and that is no doubt a positive for the future, but more importantly public awareness and acceptance has taken off. All of those opinions, whether good or bad, generate discussion and that increases awareness.
The extent to which that public acceptance has increased is actually evidenced by Bloomberg referring to Bitcoin as the year's worst performing currency. A year ago most mainstream media outlets saw Bitcoin as a fad with no real value and were skeptical of its role as a real “currency.” That they and millions of others can now understand that a currency doesn't necessarily have to be government issued and that all are based solely on a perception of value is an enormous leap forward.
Even if the doom-mongers are correct and Bitcoin fades away, that legacy will remain. I suspect that Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonym for the founder(s) of Bitcoin, would call the exercise a success if, as a result, the general understanding of the underlying assumptions behind fiat currencies increased. Fading away, however, looks unlikely.
2014 has been the best of years and the worst of years for Bitcoin. Awareness and, more importantly understanding, have increased significantly, even as the price drop has continued. As I wrote last week, that dynamic will likely continue into the first half of next year, but eventually increased usage and liquidity will eventually result in stability, at which point supply and demand will take over. It may seem strange to embrace the title of “worst performing currency,” but the status of currency that that title implies simply hastens that time, so should be welcomed.
"The COW filesystem for Linux that won't eat your data".
Bcachefs is an advanced new filesystem for Linux, with an emphasis on reliability and robustness. It has a long list of features, completed or in progress:
Copy on write (COW) - like zfs or btrfs
Full data and metadata checksumming
Multiple devices, including replication and other types of RAID
Caching
Compression
Encryption
Snapshots
Scalable - has been tested to 50+ TB, will eventually scale far higher
Already working and stable, with a small community of users
We prioritize robustness and reliability over features and hype: we make every effort to ensure you won't lose data. It's building on top of a codebase with a pedigree - bcache already has a reasonably good track record for reliability (particularly considering how young upstream bcache is, in terms of engineer man/years). Starting from there, bcachefs development has prioritized incremental development, and keeping things stable, and aggressively fixing design issues as they are found; the bcachefs codebase is considerably more robust and mature than upstream bcache.
Fixing bugs always take priority over features! This means getting features out takes longer, but for a filesystem not losing your data is the biggest feature.
Developing a filesystem is also not cheap or quick or easy; we need funding! Please chip in on Patreon - the Patreon page also has more information on the motivation for bcachefs and the state of Linux filesystems, as well as some bcachefs status updates and information on development.
If you don't want to use Patreon, I'm also happy to take donations via paypal: kent.overstreet@gmail.com.
Join us in the bcache IRC channel, we have a small group of bcachefs users and testers there: #bcache on OFTC (irc.oftc.net).
Getting started
Bcachefs is not yet upstream - you'll have to build a kernel to use it.
First, check out the bcache kernel and tools repositories:
git clone https://evilpiepirate.org/git/bcachefs.git git clone https://evilpiepirate.org/git/bcachefs-tools.git
Build and install as usual - make sure you enable CONFIG_BCACHE_FS . Then, to format and mount a single device with the default options, run:
bcachefs format /dev/sda1 mount -t bcachefs /dev/sda1 /mnt
For a multi device filesystem, with sda1 caching sdb1:
bcachefs format /dev/sd[ab]1 \ --foreground_target /dev/sda1 \ --promote-target /dev/sda1 \ --background_target /dev/sdb1 mount -t bcachefs /dev/sda1:/dev/sdb1 /mnt
This will configure the filesystem so that writes will be buffered to /dev/sda1 before being written back to /dev/sdb1 in the background, and that hot data will be promoted to /dev/sda1 for faster access.
See bcachefs format --help for more options.
Documentation
End user documentation is currently fairly minimal; this would be a very helpful area for anyone who wishes to contribute - I would like the bcache man page in the bcachefs-tools repository to be rewritten and expanded.
Status
Bcachefs can currently be considered beta quality. It has a small pool of outside users and has been stable for quite some time now; there's no reason to expect issues as long as you stick to the currently supported feature set. It's been passing all xfstests for well over a year, and serious bugs are rare at this point. However, given that it's still under active development backups are a good idea.
Performance is generally quite good - generally faster than btrfs, and not far behind xfs/ext4. On metadata intensive benchmarks, it's often considerably faster than xfs/ext4/btrfs.
Normal posix filesystem functionality is all finished - if you're using bcachefs as a replacement for ext4 on a desktop, you shouldn't find anything missing. For servers, NFS export support is still missing (but coming soon) and we don't yet support quotas (probably further off).
Until bcachefs goes upstream I reserve the right to change the on disk format if necessary, but I'm not expecting any more incompatible disk format changes.
Feature status
Full data checksumming Fully supported and enabled by default; checksum errors will cause IOs to be retried if there's another replica available.
Compression Done - LZ4, gzip and ZSTD are currently supported. ZSTD support unfortunately still seems to be slightly buggy, but LZ4 is stable and well tested.
Multiple device support Done - you can add and remove devices at runtime while the filesystem is in use, migrating data off the device if necessary.
Tiering/writeback caching: Bcachefs allows you to specify disks (or groups thereof) to be used for three categories of I/O: foreground, background, and promote. Foreground devices accept writes, whose data is copied to background devices asynchronously, and the hot subset of which is copied to to promote devices for performance. Basic caching functionality works, but it's not (yet) as configurable as bcache's caching (e.g. you can't specify writethrough caching).
Replication (i.e. RAID1/10) Done - you can yank out a disk while a filesystem is in use and it'll keep working, transparently handling IO errors. You can then use the rereplicate command to write out another copy of all the degraded data to another device.
Erasure coding Mostly done, but not quite usable yet. We still need a stripe level compaction path.
Encryption Whole filesystem AEAD style encryption (with ChaCha20 and Poly1305) is done and merged. I would suggest not relying on it for anything critical until the code has seen more outside review, though.
Snapshots Snapshot implementation has been started, but snapshots are by far the most complex of the remaining features to implement - it's going to be quite awhile before I can dedicate enough time to finishing them, but I'm very much looking forward to showing off what it'll be able to do.
Known issues/caveats
China has been pumping a lot of cash into its system to lift market sentiment, as the world's second-largest economy walks a thin line between curbing debt and keeping everything running smoothly.
Last week, the People's Bank of China injected cash totaling 810 billion Chinese yuan ($122.4 billion) in five straight days of daily liquidity management operations. Those actions, which represented the largest weekly net increase since January, were in part a Beijing response to its 10-year sovereign bond yields spiking to multiyear highs, experts said.
"Surging Chinese government bond yields hit the nerve of policymakers, so in order to further prevent a greater surge, they injected liquidity into the system to improve market sentiment," said Ken Cheung, a foreign exchange strategist at Mizuho Bank who focuses on Chinese currencies and monetary policies.
Nomura analysts said last week in a note that the bond rout was due to fears of regulatory tightening from Beijing. Bond yields, which move inversely to prices, briefly hit 4 percent in China for the first time in three years.
A rise in the benchmark government bond yield threatens to drive up overall borrowing costs — and potentially worsen the country's debt situation.
On Monday and Tuesday of this week, the PBOC injected a net 30 billion yuan ($4.5 billion), but it didn't expand that money supply on Wednesday. Analysts said that pause may have been due to market sentiment seemingly stabilizing, but it may be short-lived.
As Chinese 10-year yields are still near the psychologically important 4 percent level, Cheung told CNBC they expect more injections ahead if necessary, as Beijing needs to "maintain liquidity to please the market."
Image: Nathan Pyle Gif: Nathan Pyle Gif: Nathan Pyle Gif: Nathan Pyle Image: Nathan Pyle Image: Nathan Pyle Image: Nathan Pyle Image: Nathan Pyle
Back in late March Nathan Pyle uploaded a series of GIFs to Reddit. The black and white illustrations depicted knowledge that every New Yorker should have in their or their arsenal like: “Beware the empty train car, it's empty for a reason” or “One $20 umbrella will outlast four $5 umbrellas.” Seemingly basic stuff, but they were cleverly animated and stuck a chord will Reddit's humor-loving loyalists. Within a few hours, Pyle's post accumulated nearly 48,000 upvotes, which catapulted it to one of the most visible positions on the Internet. Of the more than 200,000 people who clicked on the link that day, one must have been from Harper Collins because in two weeks time, Pyle—following in the footsteps of viral Internet sensations before him—had a book deal.
>Pyle uses sites like Reddit as a virtual editor.
The book, NYC Basic Tips and Etiquette, is basically a continuation of that first Reddit post. When it goes on sale in April of next year, it will feature 144 pages of Pyle's wry observational illustrations on life in the big city, though unlike the GIFs on Reddit, the book's illustrations don't move (you can buy an animated e-book version, too). Pyle, for their part, isn't new to the internet game.
In fact, this wasn't even the first time they found one of their artistic projects boosted to Reddit's front page. Their “10 Ads Nobody Asked For” racked up more than 4 millions views via the site, and a couple of the illustrations they uploaded eventually became Threadless t-shirts.
Pyle uses sites like Reddit as a virtual editor that will give them an unbiased opinion of their work in progress. The artist says they get their designs to about 80 percent complete and then they upload them to the social site, that way their concept is clear, but they haven't invested too much time in something that might not be of interest to anyone other than himself. “As a lot of artists do, I experience this frustration of spending a lot of time on something and it doesn't go anywhere,” they say.
“I found Reddit is one of the best places to cut your time down.” If it's a hit, he'll finish refining the illustration, but if it gets a thumbs down, he'll either shelf it or spend time tweaking it based on the feedback they received. “The best advice I have for anyone is, put some of your idea out there, like a bait, and you'll see if people are interested,” they say. "And if they are interested, they'll ask if you have more. That's when you tell them you do ... even if you don't."
>The fan offered "startlingly specific" notes about the bathrooms.
Crowdsourcing approval isn't for everyone, and it's easy to imagine that some artists might find Pyle's method to be too commercially focused. But the the way Pyle sees it, the more people who enjoy their work the better, so why not optimize it based on what they like? Right now, he's uploading unpublished pages from their upcoming book to their Facebook page.
A recent post depicted a super simplified map of the Union Square subway station (“people love maps,” they note). This led to an interaction with a fan who proceeded to fill them in on the state of Union Square restrooms. “I had a terrific conversation about all the bathrooms in Union Square,” they said. “They actually gave really specific, startlingly specific, notes about the bathrooms."
Gross? Maybe so. But it's potential fodder for Pyle, who says he's pretty good at taking inspiration from just about anywhere. “I realized that there's a lot of fun and humor to be had by just talking about our mundane, everyday experiences.” Like, they say, “Air conditioner, rain, and garbage juice, and all those things that we experience just walking around.”
Pre-order NYC Basic Tips and Etiquette here.
Zombie Management
Rated 4.50 / 5 based on 2 reviews
Bob is a simple man- they like soda-powered battle cannons and not working. They hate waking up with peanut butter in their hair and working. Specifically, they hate working their job at Xmart, a store that's learned to live with a zombie apocalypse that fizzled out. Except, things may be fizzling back in more than they thought, and Bob prefers their fizzling to be soda related only. More
Bob is a (mostly) obedient wage-slave at Xmart. The store exists some years after a localized zombie outbreak that was then largely contained. The CDC and cooperating government organizations are still mopping up the stragglers that occurred from the outbreak, however, and the occasional zombie walking into a store has become so commonplace Xmart actually has a code for informing employees about it, and they've added it into their training videos for employment.
The occasional flare-up of zombies has also inspired the formation of a militia called the Livers who dutifully drive around town filling and performing their duty to eliminate zombies when the government isn't there to do it themselves.
Given just how commonplace zombies have become, it's to be expected when some people don't take them very seriously anymore.
Bob certainly doesn't. Seriously, how can they look at a bunch of hillbillies like the Livers riding around town with their fake uniforms with a straight face?
The more fun part is having friends play the zombie roles in training videos because of how silly they look.
Besides, the zombie response guide at Xmart is way more useful for hollowing out and putting a cheap tablet in for watching movies while "working." Really, what other use could it have?
**
Zombie Management is a Dark Comedy Horror Zombie Corporate Satire story like you've never seen.It will fulfill all your soda battle cannon/peanut butter/zombie gore metaphor requirements simultaneously. Fast, funny, and with no lack of ridiculous zany action perfect for anyone who's ever slaved away in the retail industry.
Nearly 40 years ago, a respected doctor wrote a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine with some very good news: Out of nearly 40,000 patients given powerful pain drugs in a Boston hospital, only four addictions were documented.
Doctors had been wary of opioids, fearing patients would get hooked. Reassured by the letter, which called this “rare” in those with no history of addiction, they pulled out their prescription pads and spread the good news in their own published reports.
And that is how a one-paragraph letter with no supporting information helped seed a nationwide epidemic of misuse of drugs like Vicodin and OxyContin by convincing doctors that opioids were safer than we now know them to be.
Advertisement
On Wednesday, the journal published an editor's note about the 1980 letter and an analysis from Canadian researchers of how often it has been cited — more than 600 times, often inaccurately. Most used it as evidence that addiction was rare, and most did not say it only concerned hospitalized patients, not outpatient or chronic pain situations such as bad backs and severe arthritis that opioids came to be used for.
“This pain population with no abuse history is literally at no risk for addiction,” one citation said. “There have been studies suggesting that addiction rarely evolves in the setting of painful conditions,” said another.
“It's difficult to overstate the role of this letter,” said Dr. David Juurlink of the University of Toronto, who led the analysis. “It was the key bit of literature that helped the opiate manufacturers convince front-line doctors that addiction is not a concern.”
Hospital databases were so limited in 1980 that we can't be confident there weren't more problems, or cases discovered after patients were discharged, Juurlink said.
The letter was written by Dr. Hershel Jick, a drug specialist at Boston University Medical Center, and a graduate student.
“I'm essentially mortified that that letter to the editor was used as an excuse to do what these drug companies did,” Jick told The Associated Press in an interview on Wednesday. “They used this letter to spread the word that these drugs were not very addictive.”
Advertisement
Jick said their letter only referred to people getting opioids in the hospital for a short period of time and has no bearing on long-term outpatient use. They also said they testified as a government witness in a lawsuit years ago over the marketing of pain drugs.
Use grew in the 1990s when drugs like OxyContin came on the market, and more people using opioids for chronic pain developed dependence .
The new editor's note in the journal says: “For reasons of public health, readers should be aware that this letter has been ‘heavily and uncritically cited' as evidence that addiction is rare with opioid therapy.”
The journal's top editor, Dr. Jeffrey Drazen, said, “People have used the letter to suggest that you're not going to get addicted to opioids if you get them in a hospital setting. We know that not to be true.”
The journal also published a report from Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, and Dr. Nora Volkow, head of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, pledging to work with industry to develop new ways to reverse and prevent overdoses, to treat addiction, and to find novel, non-addictive drugs for chronic pain.
In the next six weeks, NIH will hold three workshops with drug company leaders to identify next steps, Collins said. The goal is to cut in half the usual amount of time to develop new treatments — a target borrowed from the Cancer Moonshot project launched by former Vice President Joe Biden to make a decade's worth of progress toward cures in half that time.
Advertisement
Details have not been worked out, but it could resemble similar partnerships on Alzheimer's, diabetes and some other diseases where scientists from government and industry determine pressing needs, develop a work plan and split the cost, Collins said.
“Industry's interest in this has been muted until recently,” Collins said. Now, “they feel the responsibility and the opportunity to take part in this and they're not going to stand back and watch.”
With the Food and Drug Administration wanting to speed work on new pain drugs, “the stars are aligning,” Collins said. “I think we can make real progress now.”
___
Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP
A major earthquake could severely damage or destroy 38 per cent of Victoria's buildings, a city-wide study says.
The study, commissioned by the city and conducted by VC Structural Dynamics, involved ground vibration tests at 65 locations and an analysis of a database of 13,000 buildings.
article continues below
In the case of a magnitude-9 full rupture of the Cascadia subduction zone, 4,706 buildings would suffer extensive damage and 440 would be completely destroyed. It has a five per cent chance of occurring in the next 50 years. In the worst-case scenario, which has a two per cent risk over the next 50 years, up to 65 per cent of the city's building stock could be “red-tagged,” or considered too dangerous to enter after the earthquake, it said.
Heritage buildings and those built before 1972 — including low-rise structures built with concrete, steel and reinforced masonry; un-reinforced masonry of all heights; and wood apartment buildings are at risk. Pre-1960s single-family wood homes are in the same category.
Those built on softer soil are particularly vulnerable to ground shaking, including areas of Fairfield, Gonzales and James Bay.
The study did not look at individual buildings, but is based on average properties using construction year and type as a guideline.
Earthquakes are common on the West Coast. On the weekend, a magnitude-4.0 quake centred 140 kilometres north of Powell River could be felt on Vancouver Island.
Coun. Geoff Young said cost is the most significant barrier to protecting property and lives. Ultimately, they said it will be up to the provincial and federal governments, which play a significant role in emergency response, to step in.
The city is planning to extend the 10-year tax holiday it offers for seismic upgrades of heritage buildings beyond downtown, so that it will apply to heritage buildings across the city.
But only 43 of the 205 heritage buildings downtown have taken advantage of the incentive program in the past 17 years.
“At this point, it's really hard for a private owner to justify a seismic upgrade. They tend to be more expensive for small buildings per square foot and there's less potential for adding more space to achieve some kind of return on your investment,” Young said.
In 2015, Los Angeles enacted the most sweeping seismic regulations in the United States when it required an estimated 15,000 buildings to be retrofitted, including brittle concrete buildings and boxy wood-frame apartment complexes built on top of carports.
In Victoria, upgrades are not mandatory.
“In B.C., once you've built a building, even if it's under 1880 building codes, as long as it stays in that same use, it never requires an upgrade.”
The city has surveyed its own buildings and some have been upgraded, including a city hall 1960s addition that was upgraded with concrete posts and cross bracing 10 to 15 years ago.
But many are still vulnerable, Young said.
And while many buildings are seismically sound, they could be compromised by neighbouring buildings that aren't, Young said.
“One impact they found in Christchurch, [New Zealand], which is a site quite like Victoria, is that some buildings were rendered dangerous to the degree that other buildings surrounding them had to be evacuated,” they said.
In 2010, a University of British Columbia study found damage to Victoria would likely exceed $430 million in a moderate to severe earthquake.
By the end of March, the province is expected to release its own neighbourhood-level risk assessment, in partnership with the federal government and the Global Earthquake Model Foundation.
Over the years, several provincial buildings have been identified as quake danger zones. A 2005 engineering report found the legislature to be at high risk of collapse, even in a moderate earthquake. A 1995 study found the provincial court house to be in a similar state.
The province has begun the process of centralizing its seismic inventory, so that priorities can be identified for schools, universities, colleges, courthouses, correctional facilities, hospitals, roads and bridges. Until recently, each ministry has been responsible for keeping an inventory of its own assets.
asmart@timescolonist.com
The current popular method is to gather the untreated waste in vast open-air cesspools called lagoons, which can measure thousands of square feet and hold millions of gallons of the toxic sludge. When these lagoons fill up or overflow, it's common practice to pump out the waste and spray it in a fine mist across nearby open spaces. (Yes, that's really what happens.) The mist soaks the fields and pollutes the air.
A hog produces three times as much of the stuff as a human. According to the North Carolina Department of Agriculture, there are about 7.7 million hogs and pigs in the state. So all of those future hot dogs produce more than 40 million gallons of shit… every single day. And factory farms don't really know how to dispose of it.
The vast majority of the hot dogs eaten today will be made from pigs that come from eastern North Carolina, where a quiet battle has been waged for years between massive factory hog farms and surrounding rural communities.
Americans eat approximately 7 billion hot dogs between Memorial Day and Labor Day — 150 million of which will be consumed on July 4.
Read more
Americans eat approximately 7 billion hot dogs between Memorial Day and Labor Day — 150 million of which will be consumed on July 4.
The vast majority of the hot dogs eaten today will be made from pigs that come from eastern North Carolina, where a quiet battle has been waged for years between massive factory hog farms and surrounding rural communities.
The battle is being fought over pig shit.
A hog produces three times as much of the stuff as a human. According to the North Carolina Department of Agriculture, there are about 7.7 million hogs and pigs in the state. So all of those future hot dogs produce more than 40 million gallons of shit… every single day. And factory farms don't really know how to dispose of it.
The current popular method is to gather the untreated waste in vast open-air cesspools called lagoons, which can measure thousands of square feet and hold millions of gallons of the toxic sludge. When these lagoons fill up or overflow, it's common practice to pump out the waste and spray it in a fine mist across nearby open spaces. (Yes, that's really what happens.) The mist soaks the fields and pollutes the air.
When accumulated in vast amounts, pig shit becomes highly toxic, emitting potentially deadly gases such as ammonia, hydrogen sulfide, and methane. In addition, the byproduct of factory farming is often not just feces, but also pretty much anything that ends up on a slaughterhouse floor — urine, blood, and flesh.
The toxicity of the substance is hinted at by the color of the lagoons, which are an unnatural-looking pink.
* * *
The smell that comes off these lagoons permeates the surrounding area, powerful to the point of destruction and overwhelming from miles away. The lagoons are often located in residential communities, and not surprisingly, residents are not happy about it.
Steve Wing is an epidemiologist at the University of North Carolina and has studied the public health effects of these waste lagoons. "You're seeing acute symptoms, like mucus membrane respiratory issues, in these surrounding communities," Wing told VICE News. "Spraying this waste causes air pollution, which causes asthma for people living nearby, especially in children."
According to a study conducted by Wing, more than half the people who live within two miles of an industrial pig farm reported that they were unable to go outside or open their windows because of the noxious odor. Other documented results of the toxic fecal spray include severe nausea, fainting, seizures, brain damage, and pregnancy complications.
A toxic hog waste lagoon in eastern North Carolina. Photo via Wikimedia
What's more, lagoons tend to overflow when it rains, meaning the toxic sludge seeps into the ground and contaminates the drinking water of surrounding communities.
Lagoons have been known to burst when they overflow, dumping their contents into the nearest body of water. In 1999, a lagoon spilled 1.5 million gallons into the Cape Fear River. But the biggest hog waste lagoon spill occurred in 1995, when an eight-acre lagoon burst and spilled more than 25 million gallons of shit into a nearby river. The spill killed 10 million fish and destroyed miles of coastline.
New York's silent but deadly fracking problem. Read more here.
Rick Dove used to be a river keeper in North Carolina's Neuse River and a commercial fisherman, but they were forced to stop fishing after the pork farming industry killed off most of the fish in the surrounding waters.
"When you fly above these cesspools and look down, you see they're literally right next to neighborhoods and people's houses," Dove said. "These communities are completely surrounded by these cesspools. People used to enjoy going outside, sit on their back porch, but they can no longer do that. The area is inundated by flies and you never know when the stench is going to hit you."
'When you have a really large presence of factory farms, like in North Carolina, they exert a huge amount of political pressure on state legislature or state politics.'
The cesspools are almost always located in disadvantaged and low-income communities, where people don't have the resources to fight back against the factory farms. Wing has called this "environmental racism."
"Low income communities and communities of color is the path of the least resistance," Wing said. "If [the companies] are able to exploit them, that's where they'll go."
Another outspoken critics of the pork companies in North Carolina is Don Webb, who used to be a hog farmer himself. They stopped in the early 1990s after their neighbors began complaining of the stench coming from their operation. They have since devoted much their time to fighting factory pig farming.
"They don't put [the lagoons] by the country clubs, they put them out where the poor people live," they told VICE News. "You think you could build one of these factory farms near a golf course? Absolutely not. The spray system is the cheapest, most primitive way of getting rid of the waste. I've been in the hog business, and I know how it stinks."
* * *
Smithfield Foods, which was recently acquired by the Chinese corporation Shuanghui International Holdings Ltd., is by far the biggest and most notorious hog producer in North Carolina.
Last year, almost 600 residents of eastern North Carolina sued Smithfield Foods for their waste-management practices, arguing that they presented a public health hazard. But the case has been sitting in a "mediation process" since then.
In a similar case in January of this year, environmental groups in North Carolina filed an intent to sue the owners of a hog farm for discharging toxic waste into their groundwater in violation of the Clean Water Act. The owner of the farm in question is Wendell H. Murphy Jr, a major political donor in the state and the son of an influential former state lawmaker and billionaire, Wendell Murphy. A lawsuit still hasn't been filed.
"When you have a really large presence of factory farms, like in North Carolina, they exert a huge amount of political pressure on state legislature or state politics," said Patty Lovera, a spokesperson for Food and Water Watch, an NGO that monitors consumer food safety. "The EPA has always struggled with taking on agriculture issues such as these because there is just not much political will to do so."
When VICE News asked Smithfield Foods about the various lawsuits, a spokesperson declined to comment, saying it was company policy not to speak about open litigation. They also declined to comment on its waste management techniques, and instead directed any inquires toward the company's FAQ.
On the front lines of Wisconsin's big-money, small-town iron mine war. Read more here.
"Our companies have invested millions of dollars over the past 15 years to evaluate different manure management technologies and will continue to monitor emerging technologies," the FAQ reads. "A few years ago, we sponsored research… that analyzed 18 different treatment technologies; the researchers concluded — and we agreed — that anaerobic lagoons are the best technology for Murphy-Brown's existing North Carolina farms today."
This infuriates Don Webb. "Everyone else in the country is eating pork, but we're the only ones paying the price," they said. "They're letting our homes, our families, and our communities stink up with urine and feces.
"I truly think it would be more difficult to prosecute a hog farmer than a murderer in North Carolina."
Follow Olivia Becker on Twitter: @obecker928
Image via Flickr
The Need for Community Participation and Clear Disclosure Processes in the Case of Ultrasurf
Having been a party to the disclosure process, there were a number of occasions where communications broke down due to differences of definitions and intent. I had offered to review any draft of Ultrasurf's response, however, it appears that they chose to publish without consultation. Throughout its existence, Ultrasurf's support and funding has been hampered by the politics of US-Chinese foreign relations, and this document should be read as a political, rather than technical, rebuttal. The vendor was asked to provide an official, detailed response with the specific intent of correcting outdated information, but declined to do so and quietly updated the client recently. The vendor's statement, in a bit of a crass fashion, brings up the issue of language barriers, a point that is exacerbated by the Tor paper and Ultrasurf reply having two separate audiences, so let me correct some of these miscommunications.
“We have pointed out to Tor that the paper does not reflect current versions of Ultrasurf. Unfortunately, the Tor project did not choose to accurately report information in its paper.”
The version that incorporates the latest changes (12.01) was quietly released at the beginning of the week to coincide with the release of the paper.
“Ultrasurf also often boasts of being untraceable when in fact they admitted to logging and disclosing user identifying logs to law enforcement when the data was requested.”
There are two separate issues in play here: traceability and logging. The latter was disclosed voluntarily by the vendor on a number of occasions and in the statement “Ultrasurf has never disclosed log files to the US government without a warrant.” Here their statement is incomplete as it does not address subpoenas or national security letters, as I understand, they have complied with the former and the latter I am not sure they are allowed to acknowledge. Ultrasurf's threat model is solely obsessed with the police of authoritarian states, as Chinese expatriates, their understanding of American law not as nuanced and do not seem to be a substantial risk. Ultrasurf has previously presented data at private conferences were IP addresses were visible, however, they now assert that such demonstrates show country code, rather than address. The vendor categorically states under no other conditions was such information made available. This, and Google, form the basis of both parties opposing claims on log disclosure.
The traceability issue comes into play with the following statement:
“Tor provides no evidence that BlueCoat sells software and hardware that can break Ultrasurf.”
At times Ultrasurf has conflated traceability with claims of decryption. From Jacob's paper and vendor disclosure, it appears that Ultrasurf uses standard encryption mechanisms that, if properly implemented, are considered reasonably secure. This obviously differs greatly from detecting Ultrasurf in transit, which Blue Coat and others have claimed to do. Using the traffic noted in §5.8 and §5.13 as indicators, it becomes easy to see how trivial the process of spotting Ultrasurf users can be. I would encourage anyone who is skeptical to try with the Telecomix logs. In fact, Ultrasurf themselves note “we do not claim that Ultrasurf is untraceable,” a claim that I believe was removed in the website revisions that resulted from both parties' December meeting.
“For us, one of the most puzzling claims by the Tor researchers is that Ultrasurf is blocked in China.”
Difference of definition on the part of Tor and Ultrasurf. Ultrasurf releases new clients with new bootstraps in response to blocking — it is an aggressive mechanism of deploying new entry nodes that I am impressed seems to work reasonably well for them. However, the exit node IP pool has been consistent for several years and pretty easy to block. The same issue of definitions come up in whether Ultrasurf is one hop or two, but that is a digression that gets into infrastructure details that I will follow the vendor's request not to disclose.
“We wish that Tor had approached us first so that we could use the information in the Tor paper as part of our continuing effort to improve user security.”
“Somebody is not being honest. Who do you trust?”
I believe Ultrasurf is referring to the final copy of the paper, which they received about a week and a half ago. However, as I am aware Ultrasurf was told all the details during a private meeting in December. As I was aware of the contents of the paper, the key points were discussed between myself and the vendor in March to ensure that the users would not be affected by the release of the paper.
“Moreover, we find Tor's approach to be disingenuous; while they purport to want to protect Ultrasurf users, their chosen approach is to publicly release a detailed and explicit description of perceived vulnerabilities. Were it not for the fact that the security vulnerabilities identified have either already been closed or are superficial, this would be tantamount to providing oppressive governments with a roadmap to monitor our users and acquire their information.”
“I'm interested in your reply. Also, is it true that Tor and Ultrasurf compete for funding from the same agencies?”
My understanding was that these agencies have been encouraging a security review and offering technical assistance to all recipients of Internet Freedom funding. However, where intention matters is when it comes to rhetoric, the technical results of the paper cannot not be decided by where the author has benevolent or malicious intent. I regret Ultrasurf's framing of this process, as I was a party to ensuring that the most significant holes were patched before the release of the paper. If the author's motives were not intended to be responsible or constructive, the vendor would not have been given five months to close the most serious holes. The simple fact of the matter is that the majority of these issues were fixed within a short window of lead up to the publication and are directly attributable to Tor's paper.
In the end, I believe the simple answer is for Ultrasurf is to remove its branding as a privacy service and participate more openly within the security research community. From my experience studying privacy and circumvention tool use, I suspect most of its users would not mind Google Analytics, et al if they were made aware. In countries such as Iran where proxy service use is common, even detectability is not a substantial issue. The issue is that the majority of the problems raised and remaining run contrary to the advertising claims made by Ultrasurf. There is certainly a space for tools that exist solely to connect people in repressive regimes to Facebook and Youtube. However, this does not negate the responsibility to disclose user risk and maintain the integrity of infrastructure. There are historical circumstances that have encouraged Ultrasurf to behave in a closed manner, none of which imply they act in bad-faith; I spent quite a deal of time with the hope that this first round of exchange continues with independent verification of the claims made in their statement and based on technical merits, rather than politics.T
On Monday, April 16 2012, Tor released a long-awaited paper assessing the security of to circumvent and privacy tool Ultrasurf.
Tor's Disclosure: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/ultrasurf-definitive-review
Ultrasurf's Response: http://ultrasurf.us/Ultrasurf-response-to-Tor-definitive-review.html
Having been a party to the disclosure process, there were a number of occasions where communications broke down due to differences of definitions and intent. I had offered to review any draft of Ultrasurf's response, however, it appears that they chose to publish without consultation. Throughout its existence, Ultrasurf's support and funding has been hampered by the politics of US-Chinese foreign relations, and this document should be read as a political, rather than technical, rebuttal. The vendor was asked to provide an official, detailed response with the specific intent of correcting outdated information, but declined to do so and quietly updated the client recently. The vendor's statement, in a bit of a crass fashion, brings up the issue of language barriers, a point that is exacerbated by the Tor paper and Ultrasurf reply having two separate audiences, so let me correct some of these miscommunications.
“We have pointed out to Tor that the paper does not reflect current versions of Ultrasurf. Unfortunately, the Tor project did not choose to accurately report information in its paper.”
The version that incorporates the latest changes (12.01) was quietly released at the beginning of the week to coincide with the release of the paper.
“Ultrasurf also often boasts of being untraceable when in fact they admitted to logging and disclosing user identifying logs to law enforcement when the data was requested.”
There are two separate issues in play here: traceability and logging. The latter was disclosed voluntarily by the vendor on a number of occasions and in the statement “Ultrasurf has never disclosed log files to the US government without a warrant.” Here their statement is incomplete as it does not address subpoenas or national security letters, as I understand, they have complied with the former and the latter I am not sure they are allowed to acknowledge. Ultrasurf's threat model is solely obsessed with the police of authoritarian states, as Chinese expatriates, their understanding of American law not as nuanced and is not thought to be a substantial risk. Ultrasurf has previously presented data at private conferences where IP addresses were visible, however, they now assert that such demonstrates show country code, rather than address. The vendor categorically states under no other situations was user information made available. These scenarios, and Google, form the basis of both parties opposing claims on log disclosure.
The traceability issue comes into play with the following statement:
“Tor provides no evidence that BlueCoat sells software and hardware that can break Ultrasurf.”
At times Ultrasurf has conflated traceability with claims of decryption. From Jacob's paper and vendor disclosure, it appears that Ultrasurf uses standard encryption mechanisms that, if properly implemented, are considered reasonably secure. This obviously differs greatly from detecting Ultrasurf in transit, which Blue Coat and others have claimed to do. Using the traffic noted in §5.8 and §5.13 as indicators, it becomes easy to see how trivial the process of spotting Ultrasurf users can be. I would encourage anyone who is skeptical to try with the Telecomix logs. In fact, Ultrasurf themselves note “we do not claim that Ultrasurf is untraceable,” a claim that I believe was removed in the website revisions that resulted from both parties' December meeting.
“For us, one of the most puzzling claims by the Tor researchers is that Ultrasurf is blocked in China.”
Difference of definition on the part of Tor and Ultrasurf. Ultrasurf releases new clients with new bootstraps in response to blocking — it is an aggressive mechanism of deploying new entry nodes that I am impressed seems to work reasonably well for them. However, the exit node IP pool has been consistent for several years and is pretty easy to block. Old versions become obsolete quickly, hence the concern regarding update integrity. The same issue of definitions come up in whether Ultrasurf is one hop or two, but that is a digression that gets into infrastructure details that I will follow the vendor's request not to disclose.
“We wish that Tor had approached us first so that we could use the information in the Tor paper as part of our continuing effort to improve user security.”
“Somebody is not being honest. Who do you trust?” – Tor Blog Comment
I believe Ultrasurf is referring to the final copy of the paper, which they received about a week and a half ago. However, as I am aware Ultrasurf was told all the details during a private meeting in December. As I was familiar with the contents of the paper, the key points were discussed between myself and the vendor in March to ensure that the users would not be affected by the release of the paper.
“Moreover, we find Tor's approach to be disingenuous; while they purport to want to protect Ultrasurf users, their chosen approach is to publicly release a detailed and explicit description of perceived vulnerabilities. Were it not for the fact that the security vulnerabilities identified have either already been closed or are superficial, this would be tantamount to providing oppressive governments with a roadmap to monitor our users and acquire their information.”
“I'm interested in your reply. Also, is it true that Tor and Ultrasurf compete for funding from the same agencies?” – Tor Blog Comment
My understanding was that these agencies have been encouraging a security review and offering technical assistance to all recipients of Internet Freedom funding. However, where intention matters is when it comes to rhetoric, the technical results of the paper cannot not be decided by whether the author has benevolent or malicious intent. I regret Ultrasurf's framing of this process, as I was a party to ensuring that the most significant holes were patched before the release of the paper. If the author's motives were not intended to be responsible or constructive, the vendor would not have been given five months to close the most serious holes. The simple fact of the matter is that the majority of these issues were fixed within a short window of lead up to the publication and are directly attributable to Tor's paper.
In the end, I believe the simple answer is for Ultrasurf is to remove its branding as a privacy service and participate more openly within the security research community. From my experience studying privacy and circumvention tool use, I suspect most of its users would not mind Google Analytics, et al if they were made aware. In countries such as Iran where proxy service use is common, even detectability is not a substantial issue. The issue is that the majority of the problems raised and remaining run contrary to the advertising claims made by Ultrasurf. There is certainly a space for tools that exist solely to connect people in repressive regimes to Facebook and Youtube. However, this does not negate the responsibility to disclose user risk and maintain the integrity of infrastructure. There are historical circumstances that have encouraged Ultrasurf to behave in a closed manner, none of which imply they act in bad-faith; I spent quite a deal of time with the hope that this first round of exchange continues with independent verification of the claims made in their statement and based on technical merits, rather than politics.
LOD, Israel (Reuters) - Israel has introduced a step-on scanner that spares airline travelers the nuisance of having to remove their shoes so they can be X-rayed for hidden weapons, though the new device cannot yet sniff out explosives.
Only the shoes of passengers deemed suspicious by Ben-Gurion Airport staff are removed, X-rayed and swabbed for bomb residues. Most people can now keep their shoes on.
Installed next to the walk-through scanners at Ben-Gurion, “MagShoe” announces within two seconds whether the footwear of the passenger standing on it contains unusual metal that might be a knife for a hijacking or a bomb detonator part.
“This innovation brings enormous logistical value as it significantly cuts down the discomfort and delays associated with standard shoe searches,” said Nissim Ben-Ezra, security technologies manager for Israel's Airports Authority.
But they said MagShoe must be used in conjunction with other precautions, especially as it would not spot hidden explosives — a major concern after the botched 2001 “shoe bombing” by al Qaeda sympathizer Richard Reid aboard a Paris-Miami flight.
A bomb-sniffing version of the suitcase-sized MagShoe is in the works, an Israeli security source said. The current version, produced by Israeli firm Ido Security Ltd., costs about $5,000.
The U.S. Transportation Security Administration is assessing MagShoe's feasibility for American airports and several other countries have expressed an interest, the Israeli source said.
This post is part of a CityLab series on wastelands, and what we squander, discard, and fritter away.
Humanity's trash has near-universal dominion in the ocean. It swirls in the waves in immense “garbage patches,” drifts downward where it's eaten by whales and turtles, and lands on the deepest sea floor to make it look like a landfill exploded on the moon.
Even the places one might assume are pristine, such as the ice-covered Arctic Ocean, are littered with the detritus of human activity, as proven by the growth of a sixth garbage patch in the freezing Barents Sea. The latest evidence of worldwide junk infiltration comes from an observatory west of the Norwegian archipelago Svalbard, called HAUSGARTEN, where scientists have constructed a multiyear log of marine debris. In this remote location, more and litter is appearing on the seabed—almost double the amount was found at one monitoring station in 2011 compared to 2002, they write in Deep Sea Research Part 1. Not only that, but it's appearing in greater concentrations to the north, possibly due to climate change.
The scientists used a towed camera rig to establish that the density of trash in these Arctic waters is equivalent to that off of Lisbon, Portugal, whose metropolitan area holds 2.8 million people. It's hard to tell exactly where seaborne waste comes from. Garbage enters the ocean from rivers, polluted coastlines, ships that have accidents or are illegally dumping, and other sources. Once it's there it can travel vast distances. But after doing some detective work, the scientists at Germany's Alfred Wegener Institute ascribe guilt to local activities.
The extent of summer sea ice in the Arctic, one of the most rapidly warming places on earth, has declined by more than 30 percent in recent decades. This vast thawing has made the region more hospitable for ships. Reports of oceanic fishing near Svalbard have more than doubled in recent years, and the local port has seen a steady rise in visits from cruise liners, cargo ships, private yachts, and other vessels.
Middle-earth Shadow of Mordor Preview
Warner Bros. Interactive and Monolith Productions brought a playable for Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor to this week's GameStop Expo. This title has been one of my most anticipated games of the year. However, I have been cautiously optimistic because, in the past, players have frequently been burned by licensed titles. That aside, I was very excited by what I got to see and play with the demo. Monolith Productions appears to have created an impressive and immersive action-RPG experience.
The demo at the expo was the PlayStation 4 version of the game. The initial videos for Shadow of Mordor made the gameplay resemble Assassin's Creed and Batman: Arkham City. Based on the demo, that is definitely still the case. The open-world exploration elements and combat remind me of Batman: Arkham City. The controls, movement and climbing abilities for the environment of Mordor are reminiscent of Assassin's Creed. Talion is even able to perform a “Leap of Faith” jump from high ledges. To be clear, I am not criticizing games with these elements. I believe that it is fine for games to take cues from other more popular games, as long as it is done well. The segments I played in Shadow of Mordor were well executed.
The demo features the earlier cut sequence between Talion and Lady Marwen from E3, showing Sauron descend upon an almost peaceful-looking Mordor. The demo then takes Talion into the free-roam map of Mordor. I like what has been done with Mordor in the game. Just after Sauron's return, Mordor still looks lush, green and wild. It is not the deathly, frightening and terrible place it would later become in The Lord of the Rings books and movie. Mordor is still teaming with wildlife, and it's very animated.
The demo shows off some of the features of the Nemesis System, which is the game's big selling point and feature. The Nemesis System will supposedly allow for unique gameplay on every play through. Sauron's Orc army has various tears of Orc leaders and Warchiefs. Players have multiple options and approaches to take down Sauron's army. Using the Wraith powers of Celebrimbor, the spirit who resurrected Talion for their path of revenge, players can both dispatch or possess Orcs.
The land of Mordor is quite busy with activity. The game allows Talion to take part in smaller conflicts, such as Orcs fighting over status or Orcs abusing human slaves, who is a Talion can free from the whip. Based on the demo, the game will have a great deal of playable content to do and explore. This is one thing that encourages me about the game; there is a great deal of single-player campaign content.
Now, to the most important aspects: the controls and combat. The combat is highly reminiscent of the free-flow melee combat of the Batman: Arkham games. Here, it is very similar, but with a more hack-and-slash style. Just like the Arkham games, there is a counter button allowing Talion to block or parry enemy offense to continue stringing their combo. I managed to string some heavy combos together. The E3 demo showed a lot of elaborate death and finishing move variations in the combat. I was concerned this could cause quite a few glitches or slowdown during the gameplay. However, in playing the PS4 demo, this did not appear to be an issue. The signature finishers or killing blows by Talion were fast and fluidly incorporated into the gameplay. The main controls for the combat were very smooth and easy to learn. Talion has two types of attacks: Ranger-based swordsmanship attacks and the Celebrimbor-based Wraith powers. Players can mix the use of Wraith or Ranger attacks into the combat at will. So you can go from decapitating an enemy to possessing another one to your side. Talion also has a “Wraith-vision” ability that works much the same way as Batman's Detective Mode from the Arkham games. The visual looks comparable to the One Ring-visions from The Lord of the Rings films.
The Orc missions have varying degrees of difficulty. Based on defeating previous Orc enemies, Talion can gain intel on the other Orc chieftains and their weaknesses. Some Orc overseers are weak to finishing combos. Others are afraid of wild bees, ghouls or beasts. Speaking of beasts, Mordor is filled with various creatures and beasts that can be used as mounts. Talion can possess these creatures and use them as their makeshift ride, from giant cats to Graugs. Using the mount creatures in battle was very satisfying.
The graphics and visuals looked great. I love the design of the game, which takes some obvious cues from famous Lord of the Rings artwork and the Peter Jackson films. I did not notice any major problems, skipping or loss of framerate while playing the demo. Based on my playable demo experience with the game, I believe this could very well be one of the best Lord of the Rings-based video games of all time. Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor hits PS4, Xbox One and Windows PC on September 30. The PS3 and Xbox 360 versions have been pushed back to November 18 in North America and November 21 in Europe.
A landmark made entirely of raging, perilous water, the Corryvreckan whirlpool can confidently claim to be one of Scotland's most dangerous tourist attractions.
Famously described by the Royal Navy as unnavigable, the Corryvreckan lies between the isles of Jura and Scarba in the Inner Hebrides, though adventure tours frequently pass the maelstrom.
The Corryvreckan seen on a GPS screen. Picture: TSPL
The unique geological structure on the seabed - essentially, an underwater mountain - creates the whirlpool, the third largest in the world. Water rushing in towards a 200m pinnacle of rock in the narrow Jura strait, the peak of which sits only 30m from the surface, creates the violent phenomenon.
Over the centuries, the Corryvreckan is thought to have swallowed scores of sailors caught unaware by its ferocity, particularly in bad weather where standing waves of 15ft have been reported. Writer Martin Martin's description of the whirlpool's dangers is unequivocal.
“It yields an impetuous current, not to be matched anywhere,” wrote Martin, “the sea begins to boil and ferment with the tide of the flood, and resembles the boiling of a pot; and then increases gradually, until it appears in many whirlpools, which form themselves in sort of pyramids, and immediately after spout up as high as the mast of a little vessel, and at the same time make a loud report.”
George Orwell could have done with the advice. The author set off on a boat with their nieces and nephews in 1947 as they took a break from writing 1984. Orwell came into difficulty as they approached the whirlpool, after which their boat began to sink in the Corryvreckan - the crew barely made it to safety on a nearby island.
An old legend about a Norse king named Breachan, after which the Corryvreckan is said to be named, has it that the Viking drowned in the whirlpool trying to prove their courage to the locals.
SEE ALSO
• Peter Ross: Both romantic and deadly, Corryvreckan in the Hebrides is a watery landmark best approached with caution and respect
No Second or New Economic Stimulus Package in 2009. But More than Likely in 2010 or 2011
President Barack Obama said recently that a second [multi-billion] economic stimulus package isn't needed yet, though they expect the U.S. economy and unemployment to worsen this year. They also acknowledged that due to worse than expected economic factors, initial forecasts from their administration missed the mark. The original $787 billion stimulus bill was rushed through Congress and signed in February 2009, with their chief economic advisers forecasting that it would help hold u unemployment below 8 percent. It included tax cuts and spending on infrastructure projects that the president pledged would save or create 3.5 million jobs. Obama defended their initial stimulus projections, saying the economy worsened once the legislation was enacted only weeks into their presidency. “Nobody understood what the depths of this recession were going to look like,” Obama said. “It was only significantly later that we suddenly get a report that the economy had tanked.” However, the President did acknowledge that they were not satisfied with the progress made around distributing the stimulus funds and that the administration had to do more work with a program to modify existing mortgages, which hasn't “been keeping pace with all the foreclosures that are taking place.”
While the current administration does not think a second economic stimulus package is needed in the near term, I do think they will be back next year or the year after if the economy does not improve as indicated by a few of the following triggers or key economic vital signs: [Update : Looks like my prediction came true, see New Tax Breaks and Credits in the American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act of 2010]
– Unemployment rate nears 15%. This may seem far away, given the current unemployment rate of 9.5%, but in California it is already approaching 12%, and America's most populous state is a good leading indicator of national trends. Further, many economists think that the real unemployment numbers are much higher given part time, seasonal and non-participating workers are not reported in the unemployment figures. Should the official unemployment rate hit the 15% mark, it is almost certain that the Obama administration will be back for more funds to stimulate the economy.
– Home prices continue falling, declining 50% since the July 2006 peak. Median home prices are already down more than 26% to date and while there are signs of stabilization, worsening unemployment and rising interest rates could prompt further declines. In states like Florida and California, real estate values in some boom areas are already down much more than 50%. With short sales and foreclosures still rising in many areas (reaching a record 1.8 million in May), despite government stabilization programs, their looks to be much more pain ahead. Even the new home buyer tax credit that have prompted many new home buyers into the market, look to have only provided a temporary buffer in now that interest rates are rising again.
– Democratic controlled congress increases majority in mid-term elections. President Obama still has an overall approval rating of 65 percent and the support of a democrat controlled Congress. In the mid-term 2010-2011 congress elections there is a good chance congress could come further under democratic control – reaching a filibuster majority, thereby making the Republican party virtually helpless in stopping any additional stimulus legislation. A worsening economy and support from the improvised masses waiting for more government handouts, will allow a more Democrat friendly consumer-focused stimulus package to be passed.
– Stock Markets Free Fall (Dow falls to 6000) and a large financial institution collapses. The stock market has been on a nice run of late and many investors are returning to the market as a sense of optimism pervades. However, as we have seen countless times, the market can fall just as fast as it rises leaving many investors licking their financial wounds. Given the stock market is a leading indicator of the economy, a sharp fall in the stock market generally signals further economic gloom and doom ahead. This would be compounded by a collapse of one or more large financial institutions, a primary trigger for the stock market collapse late last year. If all this comes to pass, the government will be forced to enact fiscal policy, like another consumer or corporate stimulus, to stem the tide.
– Global Markets Turmoil: The key to a sustained economic recovery will be a revival in real growth amongst the BRIC economies. These are the Brazilian, Russian, Indian and Chinese economies, that accounted for most of the economic growth over the last decade. They have the largest populations, are relatively debt free and are the biggest buyers of all things American. These new economies and their consumption will be the key for American growth in the 21st century. If these economies collapse, either thorough political problems of spiking inflation then the US economy will feel the pain.
To me the key statistic is unemployment. If consumers do not have jobs or feel in danger of losing their current one, then they will cut back on discretionary spending, delay buying or upgrading homes which all results in falling corporate profits and a worsening economy. If unemployment is “well into the teens” and still rising, it would indicate broader problems in the economy and serve as a strong catalyst for more fiscal stimulus actions. So despite record deficits and government debt, the administration will be back for more and I think they will be asking upwards of $1 trillion dollars for the next economic stimulus package!
What are your thoughts? Do you think a second economic stimulus package is likely and if so, how much?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Papers say Mr Modi needs to do more to fully revive India's economy
Papers analyse Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's performance as they complete six months in power.
Mr Modi took oath on 26 May after their Bharatiya Janata Party won the general elections.
They have announced several schemes, including banking for all, Clean India campaign and labour reforms, after coming to power.
They have also given good attention to India's foreign policy in the first six months and travelled to the US, Australia, Fiji, Japan, and Nepal and Bhutan in the immediate neighbourhood.
Some analysts say the PM seems to believe in boosting bilateral ties with key countries.
"The snail's pace of multilateral fora does not excite Mr Modi and they much prefers the big bilateral," an article in the Hindustan Times says.
The article, however, adds that Mr Modi remains to be tested on their policies with neighbouring China and Pakistan.
Delhi has border disputes with both Islamabad and Beijing.
"Pakistan and China are the real foreign policy tests of an Indian ruler. Here, Mr Modi's maximum pragmatism, minimum strategy approach has struggled," the article says.
Image copyright HIndustan Times Image caption Some papers have published special pages on Mr Modi's first six months in power
'Lucky with oil prices'
On the economic front, The Indian Express believes Mr Modi has done well after inheriting high inflation and the sliding rupee from the previous Congress party-led government.
Inflation has come down and India's industrial output has increased in the last few months.
However, the paper adds that bigger challenges remain for Mr Modi.
"This government's true test will be in the next few months leading to the budget and thereafter. It has been lucky with oil prices, which have enabled huge savings in fuel subsidy. But getting the investment cycle going again requires more than just luck," it adds.
The Economic Times also says that the government has not announced any bold economic reforms.
"Growth disappoints, whether of credit, GDP or exports. Investment is yet to regain the momentum it lost in 2011-12. Administration is way too centralised, rather than nimble and fast," it says.
Some media outlets feel that Mr Modi has managed to retain the trust of their supporters.
"He has had their share of failures and successes and there is very little evidence to judge them decisively. But in spite of high-energy but low-yield beginning, Mr Modi's biggest success has been their ability to retain the hope of those who gave them unexpected majority six months ago," says the Firstpost website.
An article in the Asian Age highlights that Mr Modi needs to create millions of jobs for India's unemployed youth.
"Mr Modi's problems are far more serious, given that 40 million Indians are unemployed as per the Labour Bureau, government of India. I wish Mr Modi well, because the future of India is now in their hands," it says.
ATM machine stolen
And finally, thieves in Delhi managed to take away an ATM machine after failing to steal the cash, reports say.
They also took the CCTV cameras installed inside the Union Bank of India ATM booth in Narela area of Delhi.
"Police said no security guard was present at the ATM machine, and it's not clear why. The police also said that thieves had broken the street lights before uprooting the cash dispenser," the NDTV website reports.
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. . You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Sen. Ron Johnson is demanding full transcripts from interviews the Office of Special Counsel conducted with former FBI staffers for James Comey, becoming the latest lawmaker to dig deeper after the documents raised questions about the bureau's handling of the Hillary Clinton email case and the ex-director's statements to Congress.
The White House on Monday accused Comey of giving “false testimony,” and Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told Fox News last week they want Comey to return to Capitol Hill – saying “I smell a rat.”
Johnson, R-Wis., chairperson of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, made their request for the full, un-redacted transcripts in a letter to Acting Special Counsel Adam Miles.
“The Committee has conducted oversight of the FBI's investigation into Secretary Clinton's use of a private email system. The information in OSC's possession could further explain the scope, course, and nature of the FBI's investigation,” Johnson wrote on Sept. 8.
The transcripts were from interviews conducted by the OSC with James Rybicki, Comey's former chief of staff, and Trisha Anderson, the principal deputy general counsel of national security and cyber law. The Senate Judiciary Committee earlier received redacted transcripts of the interviews, revealing last month that they include claims that Comey “wrote a draft” of an "exoneration statement" for Clinton around early May 2016.
This would have been well before the bureau's early July interview with Clinton.
NEW PRESSURE ON COMEY TO RETURN TO CAPITOL HILL, AS WHITE HOUSE ACCUSES HIM OF 'FALSE TESTIMONY'
Johnson said the full transcripts “may shed light” on the FBI's decision-making process during their investigation, the FBI's interactions with other federal entities, and the FBI's “distinction” between “extreme carelessness” and “gross negligence,” when referring to Clinton's handling of their private email server.
Comey ultimately accused Clinton of being extremely careless in their handling of their personal email and server while secretary of state, but recommended against criminal charges. The claim that they drafted an exoneration statement weeks before Clinton was interviewed, however, raised questions about the bureau's handling of the case -- and about Comey's prior testimony.
Comey in June said one of the big reasons they spoke out on the case was concern over then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch's infamous meeting days earlier on an Arizona tarmac with former President Bill Clinton. They also testified a year ago that they made the decision not to seek charges after the Clinton interview.
Some Republicans want Comey to return to Capitol Hill to testify and clarify their past statements. Just Monday, the White House slammed Comey's testimony as “false.”
The interviews with Rybicki and Anderson were part of an OSC investigation into whether Comey violated the Hatch Act in October 2016. Richard Painter, former White House chief ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, requested an investigation after complaining that Comey may have influenced the election by telling Congress in late October that the bureau was revisiting the Clinton email probe.
Due to longstanding OSC policy, the only punishment from such a probe could be termination. So after President Trump fired Comey in May, the OSC investigation ended.
During that investigation, though, the OSC signed non-disclosure agreements with the FBI, giving them the privilege of redacting protected information. Those non-disclosure agreements bar the OSC from turning over any documents to Congress without permission from the FBI, despite Johnson's committee having jurisdiction over the watchdog agency.
However, Johnson contends that, “Any reliance upon these non-disclosure agreements to withhold information from the Committee would be inappropriate.”
Johnson gave a deadline of Sept. 21 for the OSC to provide full transcripts, documents, and details regarding their investigation into Comey.
Both the FBI and the OSC told Fox News they had “no comment” on the interviews or on why portions of the transcripts have been redacted.
Brand New + Free Shipping $99.95
and shipped from Muncie, IN, United States Fulfilled by World Music Supply and shipped from
The DOD Carcosa Fuzz pulls from the playbook of vintage Maestro silicon fuzz boxes from the 1970s...but don't go and think that this pedal is just another clone. Switchable "Hali" and "Demhi" modes take this pedal from a bright, subtle fuzz to unbridled destruction, both of which can be extensively manipulated with the unique "Before" and "After" controls. These unassuming knobs work interactively to bias the fuzz with a number of sweet spots between both dials. When the Carcosa is really ripping and the treble gets to be a bit too much, simply roll around the hi-cut control to tame it down or even lop off the entirety of the high frequency spectrum for a lo-fi stoner rock sound from another era.
Apple is flouting the Consumer Guarantees Act by replacing near-new but faulty iPhones and iPods with older, repaired products, Consumer NZ says.
Other consumer technology companies, including Sony, also supply refurbished rather than new models as replacements, but in New Zealand Apple customers have been most affected by the practice.
Consumer NZ technology writer Haydn Green said the act required retailers and manufacturers replacing a faulty product to substitute it with one of "identical type".
Apple claimed a refurbished product was "as new" but that was wrong, they said.
"A refurbished model is not the same as a new one, otherwise they would just say it was new. We don't believe that's acceptable under the act."
Consumer NZ had received several complaints from people who had received repaired models as replacements.
It had contacted Apple each time it received a complaint, but the consumer technology giant had largely ignored its protests.
People encountered the problem, which has mainly affected iPhones and the iPod Touch, regardless of which retailer or telco they bought the product from, Green said.
Apple spokesperson Fiona Martin did not respond to questions about whether the company was complying with the intention of the act.
Instead they referred The Dominion Post to Apple's standard limited one-year warranty, which states Apple will repair, refund or exchange defective products "with a product that is new or refurbished that is equivalent to new in performance and reliability and is at least functionally equivalent to the original product".
Green said Consumer NZ advised anyone who had been given a refurbished product as a replacement to challenge the practice and take their case to the Disputes Tribunal if necessary, but that was a "very long and drawn- out process" and most could not be bothered with the inconvenience.
"How long can you live without your cellphone these days?"
Reuben Foster (Photo: Kevin C. Cox, Getty Images)
ESPN's Todd McShay admits it's too early for 2017 mock drafts.
However, they say that 15 players on their “way too early” mock draft one year ago ended up being first-round picks in 2016. And that was with Notre Dame linebacker Jaylon Smith and UCLA linebacker Myles Jack dropping out of the first round, likely due to injury.
Nevertheless, McShay takes their best shot – based on Football Outsiders' projected records for 2016 to establish the order – and predicts that the Lions will select Alabama linebacker Reuben Foster at No. 19 (pay site).
McShay: “Foster made their mark initially as a heavy hitter on Alabama's special-teams units, but they transitioned into a full-time starting role on defense last season, playing next to Reggie Ragland. The instincts, speed and tackling ability Foster showed in 2015 bode well for their NFL prospects.”
Foster (6-1, 240) was Alabama's No. 2 tackler in 2015 with 73. They had eight tackles for loss, two sacks and nine pass breakups.
McShay's top three picks are Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson (Browns), Miami quarterback Brad Kaaya (Niners) and Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett (Giants).
Other projections of note are Michigan State defensive tackle Malik McDowell to the Falcons at No. 15 and Michigan defensive back Jabrill Peppers to the Panthers at No. 23.
Players just outside the first round but also considered by McShay were Michigan tight end Jake Butt and Iowa cornerback Desmond King of Detroit East English Village.
The annual reception hosted by President Reuven Rivlin for spiritual and lay leaders of Christian communities in Israel have not only been an opportunity for the exchange of holiday greetings, but also for Christians to air their complaints via Greek Patriarch Theophilos III.
Though couched in the most diplomatic language to soften the barb, the Patriarch's speech invariably contained elements of the dissatisfaction of the Christian community with the status quo.
This year, with the exception of a reference to “all peoples to have their own legitimate rights to self-determination and freedom,” there was not even a hint of criticism of Israel, and even this remark could easily have related to Syria and other countries in the region, as it did not specifically mention the Palestinians.Overtures made by Rivlin and Interior Minister Arye Deri over the past year to the leadership of the various Christian denominations have obviously borne fruit.Addressing Rivlin directly, Theophilos said: “We take the opportunity of this holiday gathering to express our gratitude to you for the firmness with which you defend the freedoms that lie at the heart of this democracy – especially the freedom of worship.”The Patriarch went on to speak of how encouraged Christians are by Rivlin's commitment to the sacredness of life, and their condemnation of all forms of terrorism.Sounding almost like Rivlin himself, Theophilos said: “The State of Israel takes pride in the fact that this state was founded on democratic principles in the Middle East and that it guarantees full freedom of worship; and we are confident, Mr. President, that you will continue to resist any restrictions on religious practices” Earlier, Rivlin had spoken of the suffering of the Syrian population and asked their guests to join them in praying for their well-being. They recited the prayer in both English and Hebrew – donning a kippa for this purpose.Theophilos also referred to the atrocities across the border, albeit not as directly.“We are keenly aware at this season of the unspeakable experiences of those who suffer around the world, and especially those who suffer in the countries around us. So many are suffering for the mere fact of their religious allegiance, and as those who serve the moral values of our respective religious traditions, we are deeply concerned. We appeal to all people of good will for an end to violence and for all peoples to have their own legitimate rights of self-determination and freedom.”In their address, Rivlin spoke of the ongoing effort to build good relations between Christians and Jews, saying that Jews, Christians and Muslims alike share many common values and a deep respect for humankind “created in God's image.”For all that, Rivlin termed the current period, “a challenging time for anyone who loves Jerusalem and the justice and peace that this holy city stands for. Terrorism and death are less present today than a year ago, but the situation could still be better,” said Rivlin. “Fear has not left us, and I am sad to say intolerance, mistrust and hatred are still high.”Linking themselves to the men and women in front of him, Rivlin said: “Like each of you, I see my role and the role of the State of Israel as guardians of this city. As guardians, our sovereignty over Jerusalem will never compromise the freedom of worship and religion for all believers.” Then building up to their condemnation of the United Nations Security Council, Rivlin said: United Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Israel and it will remain so. There is no international body with the power to revoke this.”Rivlin also spared a thought for “our neighbors just a few miles down the road in Bethlehem, King David's other city,” and said that Israel is committed to finding a way to ending the tragedy between them and the Palestinians. “Time and again we have held out our hand in peace and called for direct negotiations without preconditions and without any delay. The decision to take Israel to the UN Security Council was wrong in trying to force preconditions, but also in the way it was done. The international community's most important job in helping us solve the conflict is to build trust between the sides.” Rivlin emphasized that a new page in the history of the Israelis and the Palestinians cannot be written without mutual trust.“The Security Council vote was a blow to peace, and it was a blow to trust,” they said.He then focused on neighboring Syria and the bloodshed “in the name of politics and religion” that have led to so much misery pain and loss.“In these times, silence is not an option,” Rivlin asserted.“The whole free world must act to help the innocent.”While Israel has never been able to attain peace with Syria, they said, “we see the pictures and hear the voices of the people suffering, and as Israelis of all faiths, we feel the duty to try to help.”Rivlin was proud that Israel has been able to provide humanitarian and medical help, but conceded that what Israel does is only a drop in the ocean compared to what is needed.Deri, like Rivlin and Theophilos, noted that Israel is the only country in the region where freedom of worship is not only permitted, but protected, and the only country in which the Christian population is actually flourishing.Whereas Christian communities throughout the Middle East are declining, in Israel they are growing and now number 120,000.Deri said that their ministry is committed to ensuring the strength and prosperity of the Christian communities, and mentioned various budgetary allocations that they had made to them. They also explained the benefits of the launch this week of the plan to strengthen the northern region of the country, which is where 70% of Israel's Christians live. sign up to our newsletter
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Mark Waters has come aboard to direct the sequel for Broad Green and Miramax, while original castmembers Tony Cox and Brett Kelly have closed deals to return alongside Thornton.
Mark Waters is getting in the holiday spirit.
The Mean Girls and Freaky Friday filmmaker will direct Bad Santa 2, the sequel to the 2003 raucous comedy that grossed $76.5 million at the global box office. Broad Green Pictures announced last week it has come aboard to co-finance and co-produce the movie alongside Miramax, with Billy Bob Thornton returning in the title role (the actor has long wanted to make the follow-up).
In addition to the news about Waters, original castmembers Tony Cox and Brett Kelly have closed deals to return. Broad Green will release Bad Santa 2 in the U.S. during the year-end holidays in 2016. Sierra/Affinity is representing international rights and will introduce the project to foreign buyers at the American Film Market this week.
Bad Santa 2 is being fast-tracked, with Waters set to start shooting in January from a script by Johnny Rosenthal, Doug Ellin (Entourage) and Shauna Cross (If I Stay). The sequel, whose producers include Geyer Kosinski, is currently out to a female lead.
In 2004, Mean Girls quickly turned into a hit, grossing $86.1 million domestically and $129 million worldwide. The comedy starred Lindsay Lohan, Tina Fey and Rachel McAdams. A year earlier, Freaky Friday, starring Lohan opposite Jamie Lee Curtis, scored with $160.8 million globally. Waters was last in theaters with Vampire Academy and Mr. Popper's Penguins, starring Jim Carrey.
Waters is represented by CAA and Kleinberg Lange. Cox is repped by Industry Entertainment and Jackoway Tyerman; Kelly, by Osbrink Talent Agency.
An Illinois court on Monday threw Rahm Emanuel's name off the Chicago mayoral ballot, possibly ending the former White House chief of staff's bid to lead their hometown.
By a 2-to-1 vote, an appellate panel overturned two previous decisions and ruled that Emanuel is not eligible to run because they moved to Washington D.C. for two years.
"We conclude that the candidate neither meets the municipal code's requirement that they have 'resided' in Chicago for the year preceding the election in which they seek to participate nor falls within any exception to the requirement," said the majority opinion by justices Thomas E. Hoffman and Shelvin Louise Marie Hall. (Read the court decision here.)
The decision came less than a month before the Feb. 22 election, and the chairperson of the Chicago board of election commissioners said they will do as they were told: "We're going to press with one less candidate for mayor," Langdon D. Neal said in a statement.
Emanuel has been considered the front-runner in the race, having far outraised their opponents.
An attorney who argued on Emanuel's behalf told the Chicago Sun-Times that they will immediately appeal the decision to the Illinois Supreme Court. Emanuel themselves sounded confident during a Monday afternoon press conference.
"I have no doubt that we will, in the end, prevail at this effort," Emanuel told reporters at Chicago's Berghoff restaurant. "As my father always used to say, 'Nothing is ever easy in life.' Nothing is ever easy. This is just one turn in the road."
Emanuel's campaign can take some measure of hope from the blistering dissent by the appellate panel's third member, Justice Bertina Lampkin. Lampkin wrote that the majority opinion was based on legalistic distinctions they termed "indefensible," "ill-reasoned and
unfair" and "completely erroneous."
Emanuel clearly did not give up their Chicago residency when they relocated temporarily to Washington, Lampkin insisted. "[T]he majority promulgates a new and undefined standard for determining candidate residency requirements despite the plethora of clear, relevant and
well-established precedent that has been used by our circuit courts and election boards for decades," they wrote. "It is patently clear that the majority fails to even attempt to define its newly discovered standard because it is a figment of the majority's imagination."
Lampkin wrote that, at most, the court should have sent the case back to the city's election board for a rehearing. "Merely saying the candidate 'unquestionably does not satisfy' its newly-minted standard, when the ink of its creation has barely dried on the paper, cannot be a proper substitution for providing a hearing," they wrote.
And Lampkin accused the majority of a "careless disregard for the law shortly before an election for the office of mayor in a major city," concluding: "The majority's decision disenfranchises not just this particular candidate, but every voter in Chicago who would consider voting for him."
The decision came in a case brought by two voters who objected to Emanuel's candidacy because they rented out their Chicago home and moved their family to Washington. "If the house had not been abandoned by the whole family ... we wouldn't be here today," attorney Burt Odelson told the panel of judges, all three of them Democrats.
Odelson until now has had little luck trying to keep Emanuel off the ballot. The Chicago Board of Election Commissioners and a Cook County judge had both ruled in favor of Emanuel, a former member of congress, saying they had not abandoned their Chicago residency.
Emanuel is one of several candidates vying to replace Chicago Mayor Richard Daley, who did not seek a seventh term. Emanuel moved back to Chicago in October after they quit working for Obama to campaign full-time.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) was assaulted while mowing the lawn at their home in Bowling Green, Kentucky, on Friday, sustaining minor injuries including cuts near their mouth and a "possible rib injury" that caused difficult breathing. News of the arrest of suspect Rene Boucher, who has been charged with one count of fourth-degree assault, was reported Saturday.
Local sources say Boucher is Paul's neighbor and an outspoken critic of the senator's fellow Republican, President Trump, on social media. It is unclear whether the attack's motivation was political or related to a neighborly dispute, but an unnamed Paul aide reportedly said the senator's office believes politics are not involved. Neighbors report the two men, both doctors, have an "ongoing dispute."
Paul was "blindsided" by the attack, said their Kentucky communications director, and a criminal complaint cited by an area NBC affiliate indicates Paul "told police that their neighbor came onto their property and tackled them from behind, forcing them to the ground and causing pain." Paul did not notice Boucher approaching because they were wearing ear plugs. Bonnie Kristian
Mounting evidence suggests that there may be something to the ‘helicopter gunner theory'
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — Several videos making their rounds on the Innerweb claim to reveal that a helicopter gunship stormed the city on the night of Oct. 1 while an aerial gunner fired onto a crowd of innocent civilians attending the Route 91 music festival.
Interestingly enough, after reviewing several of the videos, which I will present herein this article, I believe that such a theory could potentially be viable and could explain what Sheriff Joseph Lombardo and the FBI have been covering up along with some of the other strange anomalies which have yet to be explained. I am not saying this ‘for sure' happened. I am merely presenting a few interesting videos in an effort to open up a real-time dialogue and investigation into the matter in which readers can leave any information they may have in the comments section along with their thoughts.
To understand the ‘helicopter gunner theory' you must first take a good look at all of the evidence presented in this article and keep an open mind.
Could the attack have been a lot worse than authorities are admitting?
In the first video, you will have to replay it over and over. Watch and listen carefully. This video will open your mind up to the theory.
The second video proves that the theory is entirely possible. The 14-second clip shows several heavily armed men with belt-fed weapons gearing up for one of two things — either an aerial assault on the Route 91 crowd or an ariel interception of the shooter who's already in a helicopter. The men can be seen preparing to take off in the helicopter that just landed! But the question is, were they loading up before or after the shooting took place? (What time was this video captured? Who were these men? What agency is the helicopter in the background registered to? Are those guns M239 SAWs?
The next video surrounding the ‘helicopter gunner theory' shows what appears to be muzzle flash emitting from a helicopter which also appears to be firing toward the Excaliber.
In the following video, you can clearly see a helicopter which looks as if it's emitting a muzzle flash while it's circling around the backside of Mandalay Bay. Interestingly enough, as pointed out by OG Youtuber Monagraph, the sound of the gunshots dissipate as the helicopter disappears behind the Mandalay Bay! This is an amazing detail!
To show you just how plausible it would be to fire a machine gun from a helicopter we have to look no further than a local company named “Machine Guns Vegas” which allows tourists visiting Las Vegas to fire a mounted box-fed M239 SAW machine gun equipped with shell catchers out the side door of a helicopter! What a rush. Take a look for yourself. Prices start at $2,999.00.
According to the company's official website:
“Machine Gun Helicopters (MGH) provides guests with the ultimate shooting experience. MGH offers the only experience in the world where civilians can shoot a fixed M249 (SAW) belt fed machine gun or an M60 belt fed machine gun from a helicopter.”
Keep in mind, that an M239 SAW is what Intellihub has already confirmed as one of the weapons being fired that night.
Here is a video of the company in action.
Sound familiar?
It's possible that a helicopter and gunner were hovering just above the taxi driver who was parked at Mandalay Bay and later made a loop. If so, this could also explain the muzzle flash in the taxicab's mirror which people thought was a shooter firing at ground-level. The muzzle flash could have been reflecting off of a shiny surface from above!
Could the helicopter have been that close to the taxi?
Could Stephen Paddock have been set up? A patsy?
Anthony Williams gives their theory on YouTube.
Looks like the 1987 film “The Running Man” was quite accurate in depicting current times
It's a scenario straight out of the (1987) film The Running Man, in which the mainstream media labeled a character played by Arnold Schwarzenegger “the butchest of Bakersfield” despite the fact that the character didn't commit the alleged crime. Ironically, the setting for the film was written to take place in the year 2019, which would only be two years from now.
A description of the film posted online reads:
In the year 2019, America is a totalitarian state where the favorite television program is ”The Running Man” — a game show in which prisoners must run to freedom to avoid a brutal death. Having been made a scapegoat by the government, an imprisoned Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) has the opportunity to make it back to the outside again by being a contestant on the deadly show, although the twisted host, Damon Killian (Richard Dawson), has no intention of letting them escape.
WTF?
#LasVegasShooting
#HelicopterGunnerTheory
Related Video:
Featured Image: Screenshot via Games & Guns/YouTube
©2017. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) on Monday admitted that they reflexively started defending Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson without ever reading the GQ interview where they compared homosexuality to bestiality and said that African-Americans were happy before they had civil rights.
In their controversial interview with GQ, Robertson had talked about sin: “Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there. Bestiality, sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men.”
“It seems like, to me, a vagina—as a man—would be more desirable than a man's anus,” they said.
They also claimed that they had never seen a black person mistreated in the South during the Jim Crow era.
“I never, with my eyes, saw the mistreatment of any black person. Not once,” Robertson insisted. “They're singing and happy. I never heard one of them, one black person, say, ‘I tell you what: These doggone white people'—not a word! … Pre-entitlement, pre-welfare, you say: Were they happy? They were godly; they were happy; no one was singing the blues.”
After the A&E network suspended Robertson from their show, Palin took to their Facebook page to opine that “[f]ree speech is an endangered species. Those ‘intolerants' hatin' and taking on the Duck Dynasty patriarch for voicing their personal opinion are taking on all of us.”
Fox News host Greta Van Susteren pointed out to Palin on Monday that some “people” were misusing the term “free speech, meaning that you jump someone for saying something and that you don't jump others.”
“But if the market wants to be such that people don't want to watch someone, then so be it,” the Fox News host said.
“That's right,” Palin replied. “That's why I say attorneys can discuss and argue whether it's a legal free speech issue or not.”
“It's one thing to express your opinion,” Van Susteren noted. “Do you have any problem, you know, about the manners of how they said it. We don't talk about it on television much, but if you actually the read article, there's a rather and offensive — at least, I think — offensive description of it. You know, there are two ways to say different things, and in the article and I know he's a graphic type guy, but do you have any objection on the manners aspect, how they said it?”
“I haven't read the article,” Palin admitted, clearing their throat. “I don't know exactly how they said it. But, Greta, what they were doing was in response to a question about a lifestyle that they disagree with. And yet they have said over and over again, they don't hate the person engaging in a lifestyle they disagree with. But in response, they were quoting the Gospel.”
“So people who are so insulted and offended by what they said, evidently, are offended by what they were quoting in the Gospel. So that's another interesting aspect in all of this.”
Watch this video from Fox News' On the 1Record/me>, broadcast Dec. 23, 2013.
Trump's Chance to Fix American Higher Education
Donald Trump's election brings with it both an opportunity and an imperative to straighten out the mess that modern higher education has become. The level of disconnection of the academy from the rest of America is most recently evidenced by the fact that the Ivory Tower -- for all its huffy pretenses of superior knowledge and insight -- was utterly blindsided by this presidential election's result (along with the equally deluded media), even though the writing was on the wall for all who could read it. Unmoored, confused and adrift, students and faculty alike are now struggling to come to terms with reality, wondering where they collectively went so very wrong. They're resorting to calling in the therapy dogs and emotional support counselors to talk them off the ledge and back into the classrooms, where, clearly, some wholesale changes are desperately needed if higher education is going to remain a viable, relevant enterprise.
Unassigned Lands – 1885
Sooners is the name given to settlers who entered the Unassigned Lands in what is now the state of Oklahoma before the official start of the Land Rush of 1889. President Benjamin Harrison officially proclaimed the Unassigned Lands open to settlement on April 22, 1889. As people lined up around the borders of the Oklahoma District, they waited for the official opening. It was not until noon that it officially was opened to settlement. The name derived from the "sooner clause" of Proclamation 288 — Opening to Settlement Certain Lands in the Indian Territory, which stated that anyone who entered and occupied the land prior to the opening time would be denied the right to claim land.[1]
According to the Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture, the designation "Sooner" initially had a very negative connotation. However, the negative connotation began to change by the time of statehood, and is no longer considered negative by most residents. In 1908, University of Oklahoma football team adopted the nickname "Sooners". The U.S. state of Oklahoma has been popularly nicknamed the "Sooner State" since the 1920s.[1]
Characteristics [ edit ]
Sooners were often deputy marshals, land surveyors, railroad employees, and others who were able to legally enter the territory early.[2] Sooners who crossed into the territory illegally at night were originally called "moonshiners" because they had entered "by the light of the moon." These Sooners would hide in ditches at night and suddenly appear to stake their claim after the land run started, hours ahead of legal settlers.[1]
Relationship with Boomers [ edit ]
The term Boomer relating to Oklahoma refers to participants in the "Boomer Movement," white settlers who believed the Unassigned Lands were public property and open to anyone for settlement, not just Native American tribes. Their reasoning came from a clause in the Homestead Act of 1862, which said that any settler could claim 160 acres (0.65 km2) of public land.[3] Some Boomers entered and were removed more than once by the United States Army.[4]
Those who actually observed the official start of the land run and began the race for free land often found choice sections of land already occupied by Sooners or, in some cases, by Boomers. Problems with Sooners continued with each successive land run; in an 1895 land run as much as half of the available land was taken by Sooners. Litigation between legitimate land-run participants and Sooners continued well into the 20th century, and eventually the United States Department of the Interior was given ultimate authority to settle the disputes.[1]
Sports [ edit ]
In 1908, the University of Oklahoma adopted "Sooners" as the nickname of its football team, after having first tried "Rough Riders" and "Boomers". Eventually, Oklahoma became known as "The Sooner State."[1] The school fight song is titled "Boomer Sooner." The school "mascot" is a replica of a 19th-century covered wagon, called the "Sooner Schooner."
Are you sick of Colorado filling up with transplants from other states? One person is and they started a petition urging Governor Hickenlooper to " stop all of these transplants from invading our state. "
A petition started on Petition.org to stop transplants from moving to Colorado currently has over 200 signatures, and is halfway to reaching its goal.
Petition user, The City of Denver (probably not the real city) is sick and tired of transplants messing up the state and wants it to end. They even used a full-color map of Colorado with the word "FULL" plastered across the image.
The petition reads :
We are sick and tired of everyone flooding into our beautiful state and destroying it. I'm a 4th generation native and it has never been this bad in Colorado. The traffic is becoming unbearable my normal 20 minute drive to work now takes me almost 2 hours every morning. This is out of control and we must do something about it. Our beautiful state is being destroyed by these inconsiderate transplants. Several of our most beautiful destinations have been ruined. For instance Hanging Lake recently had to close down due to so much garbage on the trail. This is where we draw the line! Gov. John Hickenlooper it is time for you to show us that you really care about Colorado and stop all of these transplants from invading our state.
The City of Denver sure sounds adamant about all those pesky transplants. How do you feel about them?
[ 9 News Denver ]
Luxembourg newspaper states car manufacturer wants to end backing of the team
According to a report from Luxembourg, the RadioShack team will face a change of name in the 2013 season due to the apparent decision of Nissan to step back from being a title sponsor of the squad.
Daily newspaper Le Quotidien has reported that the car company has decided to relinquish its position as secondary sponsor, although any contractual obligations will presumably have to be met in terms of financial backing already pledged.
If so, the company is in a similar position to Rabobank, which dropped its backing of the Dutch team of that name in October after the USADA report into Lance Armstrong and the US Postal Service was published.
Rabobank said it was concerned by its association with a sport which had faced successive scandals, but has agreed to pay up all existing financial commitments. This could in theory keep the team going without a new backer until the end of 2013.
Le Quotidien doesn't give a reason for its report about Nissan stepping back but presumably the Armstrong/USPS investigation is again a factor.
The car company agreed to back the US-registered team of Armstrong in 2010, joining up with RadioShack there. Both sponsors then transferred across to the Leopard Trek team prior to the start of the 2012 season, as did several riders and team management such as Johan Bruyneel.
Bruyneel has since lost their place on the team due to their part in the US Postal Service investigation, and faces an arbitration hearing early in 2013.
Le Quotidien suggests that the team's current third sponsor, Trek, could potentially form the second part of the name for the season ahead.
The team includes big name riders such as Fabian Cancellara, Andy Schleck and Frank Schleck, although the latter is currently sidelined from racing due to their positive test for a diuretic in the Tour de France.
[new_royalslider id=”343″]
Heading into the offseason, the Los Angeles Dodgers had a group of players who were eligible for salary arbitration. The list grew when Dee Gordon was ruled a Super Two and thus eligible for arbitration earlier than initially anticipated.
More names were added to the group as the Dodgers traded for Juan Nicasio and more recently, outfielder Chris Heisey hours before the tender deadline on Tuesday. Once the dust settled, the group of arbitration-eligible players included Darwin Barney, Drew Butera, A.J. Ellis, Gordon, Heisey, Kenley Jansen, Nicasio and Justin Turner.
Whereas several other teams announced their decisions well in advance of the 9 p.m. PT deadline, the Dodgers operated in a different manner. It wasn't until after the deadline passed that the team announced they signed Barney to a one-year, $2.525 million deals and tendered contracts to the remaining seven players.
The Dodgers acquired Barney from the Chicago Cubs prior to last season's trading deadline and they quickly became a strong defensive option for manager Don Mattingly. Of the players eligible to be tendered, Ellis presented the most intriguing situation.
Ellis struggled with injuries last season and the Dodgers were believed to have been interested in Russell Martin. Despite Ellis finishing the year batting below .200, Ellis turned their hitting around in the postseason and twice publicly received support from Clayton Kershaw.
With a position change to second base, Gordon is coming off the best season of their career that earned them a trip to the All-Star Game; Gordon led the Majors in stolen bases and triples. Turner signed with the Dodgers last offseason after being non-tendered by the New York Mets and wound up being a valuable commodity.
Kenley Jansen earned a career-best 44 saves in what was their first full season as closer. Jansen sits fifth on the Dodgers' All-Time saves list with 105. If both Butera and Ellis are signed, it may signal the Dodgers will move forward with the same catchers as last season. While either conceivably could be traded, both are out of options and would need to clear waivers if sent to the Minors.
The players who were tendered contracts remain eligible for arbitration, though the Dodgers could avoid the process if they're able to come to terms with them. The Dodgers' 40-man roster remains full with Tuesday's developments.
After new rules issued last month announced that a comedy would be defined as a series with episodes of 30 minutes or less and drama would be episodes an hour long, the TV Academy has released the first decisions by a panel established to evaluate category eligibility.
The nine-member panel, which includes five industry leaders appointed by the academy chairperson and four appointees by the board of governors, ruled that Showtime's “Shameless,” CW's “Jane the Virgin” and Fox's “Glee” can be considered comedies, despite their length. A two-thirds vote of the panel was required to reach each decision.
Each of the series will compete in the comedy category for all other awards, including performer, writer, director, etc.
“This show was always conceived as a comedy; pitched to the network and studio as a comedy; and marketed to viewers as a comedy,” said “Jane the Virgin” showrunner Jennie Snyder Urman. “We are thrilled with the television academy's decision.”
“Shameless” has competed in both drama and comedy, but made the switch to comedy last year. Series star William H. Macy got their first nomination last year in the comedy category.
The TV Academy did not comment on any other potential petitioners, such as Netflix's “Orange Is the New Black,” which competed last year as a comedy.
Nominations for the 2015 Emmy Awards will be announced on July 16. The Emmys, which will be hosted by Andy Samberg, will air Sept. 20 on Fox.
Report warns industry will face dramatic changes over the coming decade as climate change and shifting demographics increase pressure on many resorts. From BusinessGreen.com , part of the Guardian Environment Network
High energy costs, water scarcity, an ageing population and terrorism are likely to dramatically change the tourism landscape over the next 14 years, according to a report on the future of tourism.
Tourism 2023, a "what-if?" report from sustainability think tank Forum for the Future, suggests that climate change could drastically change the destinations that people are willing to visit, and that a ballooning population in Asia will lead to a dramatic shift in tourism traffic patterns that could cause congestion problems at a number of global transport hubs.
"Against this backdrop of a changing climate and increasing pressures from growing populations, we can expect the cost of key resources such as food, building materials and energy to rise in many places as demand grows and supplies fail to keep pace," the report said.
It posits four possible scenarios for the state of the tourism market in 2023, all of which suggest the industry will face major changes as a result of climate change impacts and emerging clean technologies.
"Boom and bust" describes a world in which new technologies make green travel easier, and where an ageing population takes medical holidays for cheap operations elsewhere.
In contrast, "divided disquiet" suggests that political instability will have made many world destinations unpalatable, except for doomsday tourism, where people flock to see rapidly disappearing natural resources.
Finally, the report warns that a "price and privilege" scenario could see rising fuel and energy costs make long-distance travel too expensive for most people, while a "carbon clampdown" where legislative measures such as personal carbon credits combine with greater education on the risks associated with climate change could similarly lead to reduced demand for international travel.
The publication of the report was accompanied by the launch of a new coalition of leading industry players, including trade association ABTA, British Airways, Carnival UK, The Co-operative Travel, The Travel Foundation, Thomas Cook and TUI Travel, which will aim to develop more sustainable tourism practices by 2023.
"It is vital that the travel and tourism industry meets the challenges that an international industry faces if we want to have a successful and profitable future," said Mark Tanzer, ABTA chief executive. "By working together we can come up with practical and innovative solutions to these challenges, which make sound commercial sense."
The group is expected to focus on measures for promoting low carbon destinations and travel options, reducing landfill waste, better returning economic benefits back to local communities, and improving resort water efficiency.
MANILA – A bill has been filed at the House of Representatives seeking to prohibit all computer shop owners from admitting minors into their establishments within school hours.
In a statement released on Sunday, Valenzuela City first district representative Win Gatchalian said House Bill No. 4740, to be known as the “Internet Cafe Regulation Act," will limit children's access to computers and other gadgets to prevent addiction and untoward incidents on popular games, such as DOTA and Counter-Strike.
"High-stakes matches involving gambling among gamers, who are usually minors, tend to result in violence when one party becomes dissatisfied with the result of the match,” they said.
In the initial deliberation of HB 4740, Gatchalian said parents also have an important role in monitoring the computer games and websites their children access.
“Dapat din bantayan ng mga magulang kung appropriate ba sa age ng mga anak nila ang games at websites na nilalaro o binibisita ng mga bata,” Gatchalian said.
Due to too much computer exposure, Gatchalian said the risk of addiction to game and other unwanted sites among children increases.
“On one hand, Internet has allowed people to research and conduct work without having to invest so much on time,” they said.
"However, we also need to recognize that computers bring entertainment through games, and children have the tendency to be easily addicted to these games as they have impressionable minds that games could be easily influenced,” Gatchalian added.
I've just checked out splinterz's fix, and indeed all the attributes seem to be displaying properly. Great job thereI've been thinking about ways to present the attribute data graphically better. The problem with using the same draw method as for skills is that it floods the 'attributes' pane with too much information. To be more precise, the reason it doesn't overload the labors tab is that most cells are empty or close to it, which makes picking out the important information (who is good at what skills) easy. If instead everyone had some skill in everything, you'd have the same problem as what the attributes pane is producing. To improve it I've tried a little different approach:Instead of filling every square with something, which makes it hard to pick strengths and weaknesses out at a glance (which is what we're looking for), average attributes display nothing -only once a attribute is above or below normal do you get a graphical change, with less than average showing in red, better than average in black, the size telling you how much better or worse.The next thing I want to do is create several more default grid views that individually only show a subset of the attributes important to a certain 'class' of jobs. For instance one for craftsdwarf related skills (creativity, kinesthetic sense, spacial sense, the relevant physical traits), with the idea being that it'd give a quick way to look over new immigrants for those well suited to train in a given skill.I'm putting this up to download, but ultimately I'm not looking to maintain this separate from splinterz', I'm hoping they incorporate it into his, but for now here are the files and source:I've also made two small changes reverting back to behaivor in older versions, average attributes have no text descriptions (this is more readable to me, text indicates it'saverage), and changed it back to only display traits more than 10 points off of average, for similar reasons. By only presenting what is significantly different from the norm, I firmly believe you make the information much more accessible, instead of flooding the screen with almost every trait for every dwarf.
Piccadilly Cinemas to make way for more retail space in Perth CBD under $12m redevelopment proposal
Posted
Perth's iconic former Piccadilly Cinemas would be converted into retail space under a $12 million redevelopment proposed by the owners of the complex.
Proposal documents submitted to the City of Perth revealed the three existing cinemas and foyer area would make way for a "main retail tenancy".
But the proponents said the work would be carried out in a way that would not "preclude future conversion of the tenancy back to a cinema".
The proposal would also see significant restoration work done to the Piccadilly Arcade.
The theatre closed in 2013 amid financial difficulties, asbestos concerns and decaying infrastructure, leaving the central business district without a cinema.
That ended 75 years of operation in which time the building was added to Western Australia's State Heritage Register after becoming one of Perth's best-known theatres.
The redevelopment proposal is due to go before the Perth council Tuesday night, with planning officers recommending it be given conditional approval.
Heritage support for renewed use
"The proposed redevelopment and refurbishment ... is considered to have an overall positive impact on the building allowing for critical upgrades and improvements to be undertaken," a report prepared for council stated.
The best way to keep a building is to make it useful. Richard Offen, Heritage Perth
"The ongoing adaptive re-use of the building will ensure the building will be viable in years to come while enabling the reinstatement of former uses, such as the cinemas, at some time in the future."
The report stated that despite the loss of the cinema, the redevelopment was seen to have an "overall positive impact on the cultural heritage significance of the place".
The removal of the cinemas was part of a broader refurbishment plan, which would also see the Hay Street and Murray Street Mall facades restored close to original appearance.
Heritage Perth executive director Richard Offen said many people would be sad to see the cinemas go but something needed to be done.
"You have got to look at it practically, there clearly is not sufficient business in town for a cinema at the moment," they said.
"As long as we don't lose this building but it is preserved and made useful, then that's a perfectly acceptable way forward.
"The best way to keep a building is to make it useful.
"There are plenty of other examples of where that is happening in the city centre, such as the Old Treasury Building."
Topics: urban-development-and-planning, perth-6000
“You are like my fox when I first knew him. They were only a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But I have made them my friend, and now they are unique in all the world.”[the prince said to the garden of roses].
“… To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you—the rose that belongs to me. But in themselves alone, they are more important than all the hundreds of you other roses; because it is they that I have watered… they that I have sheltered behind the screen…Because they are my rose”(The Little Prince, Antoine de Saint-Exupery).
I couldn't help thinking of this passage from the beautiful classic, The Little Prince, as I stood in my kitchen a week before Pesach, a toothpick in my hand, and a bucket of one third bleach, and two thirds cleanser at my feet.
Life is so interesting, so full of adventures waiting to happen, and here I am, aching and tired, racing towards the deadline of bedikas chametz night. Hashem, is this really what you want me to be doing? Is my destiny really meant to be about obsessing over a bread crumb that has escaped under the vegetable bin?
Pesach opens up such vast vistas. So much spirituality. So much depth. And where am I? In the refrigerator!
And in all honesty, this issue doesn't arise only before Pesach; it's shadowing every other mitzvah. The philosophy sounds so wonderful, but when you try and take it home, a thousand little threads of details threaten to choke you.
WHAT IS THE POINT?
Rav Shimshon Pincus, z”tl, in the life-altering introduction to their sefer, Tiferes Torah, talks about how important it is to know the purpose of any activity. If someone owns a store and enjoys setting up the window display, that's fine. But if the owner begins to think that window dressing is the reason for the store, he's making a critical mistake.
Similarly, being married is very useful. It is convenient to have someone to carry the groceries in, and someone to do the laundry. But if you make the mistake of thinking that those benefits are what marriage is all about, you've missed the point. Marriage is about the union of two halves of one soul. Having someone else to drive carpool is a side benefit.
So what are Torah and mitzvot about? They are not only about earning a place in The World to Come. They are not only about having a meaningful life in this world. They are not only about being good or holy. Those are all wonderful side benefits. But Hashem tells us clearly why They took us out of Egypt and brought us to Mount Sina:
You have seen what I did to Egypt and that I carried you on the wings of eagles and brought you to Me. And… you will be a treasure to Me from among all the nations…(Shemos 19:4-5)
Hashem took us out because They wanted us to be close to Him. They took us out because They wanted us to enter into a loving relationship with Him.
At Sinai, we became Theirs and They became ours.
Which is all very uplifting—but how does spearing that crumb under the vegetable bin fit in? Here are three ways to understand the connection:
I. THAT EXCLUSIVE ROSE
Maimonides compares man's love of G-d, to the all consuming love of a lovesick man. “He thinks of them constantly; when they rest and when they get up, when they eat and when they drink. More than this should be the love of man for their Creator.”
The love the Rambam described is so all encompassing, what do the words more than this mean? How can one possibly love more than what is described?
There is an intrinsic problem with human love. Life goes on, and spending every waking moment together is not an option. The lovesick man goes to work and comes home, they pay bills and does errands. And despite the fact that they are busy with a million things they still think about theirs beloved.
But what if all the things a person had to do— laundry and child care, business, and shopping— were not in contradiction to the relationship but an expression of it? A relationship with Hashem means that every facet of life is about this relationship. The work and the play, the running and the doing–every single action is an expression of this all encompassing bond. And every detail of each law is a thread that does not choke me, but binds me to Hashem in an everlasting relationship.
I once heard a wise man bemoaning the development of bug free lettuce. “Yes,” they said, “It is wonderful to be able to eat all those healthy vegetables that were once off limits. But those hours and hours of sitting holding up the romaine lettuce leaves under the florescent bulb on erev Pesach created yirat Shamayim (fear of Heaven).”
Created yirat Shamayim? One would think that this would work in the opposite direction. A person who had yirat Shamayim would be the one sitting there for hours, carefully examining every little crease in the leaf. But relationship works the other way. It is the ‘obsessive' concern to fulfill Hashem's will, the effort to find every little creature only because Hashem doesn't want us to eat bugs, which actually creates the relationship. The details engage the whole me in this relationship. Like the little prince and the rose, it is the details of the caring that creates love.
II. ROOM FOR SOMEONE ELSE
Hillel, in their famous meeting with the potential convert, gave a one line description of the essence of Judaism. “Don't do to others what you would not want to have done to yourself. The rest is commentary. Go learn!”
While that line has been excellent public relations for Judaism all these years, how is it true? Where does kashrus fit in? What about shatnez and shmita, Shabbat and Yom Tov? And where, for that matter, does my toothpick and bucket of bleach fit into loving your neighbor as yourself?
It is true that many mitzvot in the Torah do not overtly have to do with relationships between people. But Hillel was telling the potential convert— you want to know what this vast system is all about? It's about creating a person who knows how to love.
That is because love is ultimately about making room for someone else in your life—which is all about commitment to the other. If you are not commited to someone and you talk about love, your ‘I love you' really means, “I love me, and you make me feel good'.
If G-d has a presence in my life only to give me an occasional spiritual high, or as someone to turn to when I am in trouble, I am really in relationship with myself. It is only when I can put G-d's desires before my own means that I have made room for Him in my little world. Commitment to the other, and the other's desires is what allows me to step out of the narrow prison of myself and learn to love.
The minutia of each and every mitzvah creates a process by which I am being constantly engaged in relationship. Never am I a rock. Never am I an island. A Jew, by involving Hashem in every detail of their life– from the way they put their shoes on in the morning, to how they go to sleep at night and to how they relate to bread crumbs in their refrigerator– is perpetually in a relationship.
I. LIKE LIKES LIKE
A marriage between a Harvard graduate and a gas station attendant will probably not work. All good intentions notwithstanding, we cannot love someone who is not in the ball park. An element of similarity, despite all the differences, creates the possibility of connection.
So how can we—lowly, petty human beings– possibly forge a relationship with the Source of all Good?
The Rambam in Moreh Nevuchim tells us that the many details of the mitzvos are there only in order to refine us. The details take us through a process that makes us worthy of coming close to Hashem.
In a fascinating book called Israel Among the Nations—quoted by Dennis Prager in one of their books– a nineteenth century non-Jewish French scholar, Anatole Beaulieu, claims that it was the structure and minutiae of the law that molded the Jews in to the ethical People they are. In their opinion, the fact that a Jewish woman never went in to their backyard and wrung the neck of their pet chicken but, instead, brought the chicken to a shochet (who sharpened their knife to make the act as painless as possible and made a blessing thanking G-d for sanctifying us with their commandments) and kashered the chicken to remove every trace of blood, is part of what created a nation abhorrent of bloodshed.
Ideas tend to dissipate; it's the attention to details that harnesses the ephemeral concept to reality. More, it's the details which harness us to the ideal. Every little action shaves away at our base nature and clarifies the soul hiding underneath. Slowly, but surely, the details cast us in the mold of a “Kingdom of Priests and a Holy Nation”.
DOES IT WORK?
Many years ago, a relative of mine was in the airport when a non-Jewish man asked them why Jews wear that ‘beanie' on their heads. My relative explained that wearing something on one's head creates awareness that there is Someone above us and that that awareness, in turn, influences our actions. The man chewed this over for a minute or two, then asked, “Does it work?”
Does it? Does this framework of details really engage us in a close, passionate relationship with Hashem? Or does it make us resentful and irritated?
Judith Viorst, the famous children's writer, is quoted as saying that marriage is a useful institution because “When you fall out of love…[marriage] keeps you together until maybe you fall in love again.”
Hashem is asking us to move into a relationship with Him. They don't want us only on Sundays. They don't want us only a few hours a day. They want us all day, every day.
The reality is, though, that as dynamic human beings, our feelings of connection fluctuate. There are moments when we are overflowing with love and gratitude, and other times when we feel empty and miserly and any type of demand makes us tighten our emotional purse strings.
Like the commitment of marriage, the commitment to halacha, keeps us connected even when, with the ebb and flow of life, we feel more distant from each other. With that commitment, there is always what to go back to.
Resentment is the result of emptying the gas tank, and never taking the time to refill it. If the outflow is greater than the inflow, we begin to feel drained and annoyed. To return to an expansive state, where our giving flows freely, it's crucial to plug ourselves in spiritually by whatever makes us feel closer to Hashem; learning Torah, taking the time to daven properly, experiencing the beauty of nature, being around inspiring people—and sometimes just taking a nap—can often create the mind expansion where love and giving flow freely.
In the meantime, it is the unrelenting totality of the Torah framework that never lets us stray too far.
A CAVEAT
Mar Ukva used to say that they were only ‘vinegar' though they were the son of ‘wine.' While their father used to wait a full day between meat and milk, they themselves only waited from one meal to another. (Chulin 105:a)
Why didn't Mar Ukva just wait twelve hours like their father, and then they too could have been called ‘wine'? Perhaps, because while waiting twelve hours may not have been too difficult for a man of their stature, Mar Ukva knew that until they were on the level of closeness that motivated their father, they couldn't do it.
Some aspects of a relationship are non-negotiable. Others are. As a parent, I need to provide my child with food, but that doesn't mean I have to cook a gourmet meal three times a day.
While it is true that external actions influence us internally, and sometimes when we push ourselves to do more we expand ourselves, we would do well to keep a careful finger on the pulse of our relationships. There are times to go the extra mile, and there are other times when we need to put the emphasis on filling up our gas tank.
So, the answer to the man in the airport is, yes, it does work. True, there are ups and downs, but in the final analysis, the details—including the toothpick and bucket of bleach—engage us in relationship, teach us to make room for Hashem in our lives, and help us to set in motion a process through which we can become the kind of person who can build a relationship with our Creator.
Miriam Kosman is an international lecturer for Nefesh Yehudi, and teaches Jewish thought to hundreds of Israeli university students on a weekly basis.  They are the author of the newly released book Circle, Arrow, Spiral, Exploring Gender in Judaism, an intriguing, source- based presentation which sees the male/female dynamic and women's struggle for equality as a cosmic parable. Them book is available on Amazon. To read an excerpt and learn more about their book, click here.
In the wake of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, sex workers in Kolkata's biggest red-light district area Sonagachi have been asked to not entertain Africans. Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Committee (DMSC), a forum of 1,30,000 sex workers in West Bengal, has warned of a life risk should they come in contact with infected persons.
‘We have requested the sex workers not to entertain Africans as it can be a life risk for them if they get infected by the highly contagious Ebola virus causing havoc in some West African countries,' Mahasweta, a member of the DMSC, told PTI.
The organisation is also training and providing classes to sex workers to identify the signs and symptoms of the disease so that they can spot an Ebola-affected person.
‘According to WHO guidelines, transmission of the virus requires close contact with body fluids such as sweat, saliva, cough of an infected person and also body contact. So we are training the sex workers on how to identify the symptoms,' Samarjit Jana of Durbar, who is looking after the training programme, told PTI. Jana says that the training schedule forms a part of the regular training programme in which sex workers are taught on sexually transmitted or body contact transmission disease.
Asked if the guideline applied to all foreigners, not just Africans, who showed the symptoms, Jana said, ‘This is for the sex workers to decide. We can request them for their own safety and we have told them to be careful.' According to the latest WHO update, 128 new cases of Ebola virus disease as well as 56 deaths were reported from Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, and Sierra Leone between August 10 and 11, bringing the total number of cases to 1,975 and deaths to 1,069. The Ebola virus is highly contagious, but is not airborne. Jana said that the training programme, which started this week in Sonagachi, would be extended to other red light areas in the city as well as the entire state, especially in port and bordering areas.
The Ebola virus was first seen infecting humans in African countries; especially Sudan. But now, the virus seems to have gripped the world's interest due to its destructive potential. Snuffing out the lives of almost 80% of the population that suffers from the disease, Ebola hemorrhagic fever is definitely a condition that has the capability to infect millions. In order to help you stay safe from this deadly disease, here are all your questions about the condition — answered.
What is it?
The Ebola virus disease (EVD), formerly known as Ebola hemorrhagic fever is a severe condition caused by a virus from the Filoviridae family. Known to be a condition that is transmitted from animals to humans, this virus spreads through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person or animal.
How is it transmitted? What are its causes?
According to scientists there are five different types of the virus, all of which have the potential to infect humans. According to the WHO (World Health Organisation) this disease can be transmitted from close contact with the blood, secretions, organs or other bodily fluids of infected animals. In humans the disease can be transmitted by the following methods:
Coming into contact with the blood, secretions, organs or other bodily fluids of an infected person.
Healthcare workers may contract the disease through transmission as well through contact with infected bodily fluids.
Handling the meat from infected animals.
Contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person who has passed away.
Who is most likely to get infected?
Dr Ratan Kumar Vaish, Senior Consultant, Department of Internal medicine, Rockland Group of Hospitals, Delhi-NCR says, ‘The condition is contagious, so migratory populations are most likely to get infected and transmit the virus. Interestingly, this condition is also a hospital acquired infection and is commonly transmitted to hospital staff. Apart from that, high risk individuals include diabetics, immunocompromised patients, patients with kidney and liver failure and HIV infected people.'
What are the symptoms?
The incubation period (or the time between when the actual infection takes place to the time when a person sees symptoms of this condition) for this disease is about one week. After this period a person will commonly see the signs that are considered as ‘early symptoms'. According to Dr Ratan, the early symptoms include fever, rashes, headache, nausea, vomiting and stomach pain. Apart from that a person may also experience symptoms like pain in the lower back, arthritis like pain all over the body, diarrhea and a sore throat.
Once the condition has progressed a person may notice symptoms like:
Bleeding from the mouth, ears, nose and ears.
Increased sensitivity to pain on the skin,
Genital swelling
Conjunctivitis
Rashes all over the body,
And reddening of the roof of the mouth.
Should people in India worry?
‘It's not prevalent in India, but people living in remote areas, where living conditions are poor, are always at risk of getting infected. But largely there is no need to worry as such.' Read more about Ebola virus — causes, symptoms, diagnosis, treatment, prognosis and prevention
With inputs from PTI
Photo source: Getty images
You may also like to read:
For more articles on diseases & conditions , visit our diseases & conditions section. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for all the latest updates! For daily free health tips, sign up for our newsletter. And for health-related queries, visit our Questions and Answers section.
I'll just let you read what the POE's draft report says for yourself:
Well, that might explain a few things. For those who don't know, the Reconnaissance General Bureau handles most of North Korea's clandestine foreign intelligence work. It is sanctioned by the Treasury Department. It is suspected of being behind the Rangoon Bombing in 1983, KAL 858 bombing in 1987, a series of attempted and completed assassinations of activists and defectors, and the Sony hack and threats. RGB agents may have also crewed the vessel that sank the Cheonan.
I wonder if this can also be linked to the diversion of U.N. emergency aid to North Korea, or the U.N. Development Programme scandal from a few years ago. Or, this angry email I received from a WFP official in Rome a few months ago:
I've been reading you for some months, but am I stopping now because this is not aimed at helping the people of North Korea. It's all sadly about you.
This, children, is what's known as “projection.” I'm not going to name the official, but by googling their name, I was able to identify their position and location. There's little doubt that this person and Kim Su Gwang were well acquainted. It's Oil-For-Food all over again.
Kudos to the POE for having the courage to tell us this. Now, let the Inspectors General get to work.
~ ~ ~
Update: Remember, this is a draft. The final still hasn't been released yet.
In 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama promised to unite Washington and the nation behind progressive change. Then-Sen. Hillary Clinton mocked him.
"The skies will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect," they said. "I have no illusions about how hard this is going to be."
Now, as Clinton runs for president again, many of their allies believe their cynicism was vindicated and are feeling deja vu.
The former secretary of state is trying to convince voters once more that their opponent -- this time, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) -- is promising a unicorns-and-rainbows vision of governance. She's hopeful that seven years of partisan warfare will help them make the case. And they have Capitol Hill veterans and even some Obama veterans echoing their larger points.
"I think Bernie is giving voice to legitimate and passionate concerns that people have about injustices in our economy and society," said David Axelrod, a longtime Obama adviser. "But when it comes down to the nitty gritty of governance, I think even they know -- my impression speaking with them -- the limitations of governance as well."
With just days to go before Iowans caucus, the Democratic primary has morphed from a debate over progressive agendas into an argument over how to get those agendas into law. Sanders says their formula is simple: They won't just win the presidency, they will shepherd in a "wave" of Democrats who will provide them momentum to change the country.
"If they do win it is going to be such a shock to the system that we will not stop the fight the day they win, we will pursue it vigorously," Sanders adviser Tad Devine told The Huffington Post. If Congress proves resistant to Sanders' appeal, "we will turn the midterm elections in 2018 into the largest referendum in the history of midterms," Devine added. "We will take [Republicans] on frontally, and trust me, [Bernie] will be up for the fight."
But as they win over voters with talks of a "revolution," the senator is leaving a group behind. Many Democrats in Congress and in the administration aren't persuaded by the Bernie Sanders theory of change.
"The Bernie people believe you need a stubborn, idealistic fighter for big progressive ideas who will win the fight to keep the base motivated and energized," said one longtime Capitol Hill aide. "If they're right, they hold the key to doing what neither Barack Obama nor Bill Clinton ever did."
NASA? via Getty Images
Obama, after all, had also promised to galvanize popular support for their agenda. After the 2008 election, their campaign structure morphed into Organizing for America, an entity meant to coax, convince or intimidate lawmakers into supporting the president's legislative pursuits through district-based lobbying campaigns.
It was great in theory. Not so much in practice. "Not at all," said one Democratic lawmaker when asked about OFA's effectiveness on the Hill.
One reason Obama was unable to more effectively utilize an outside game was that "there was a lot of work," as they told Politico's Glenn Thrush this week. "I didn't oftentimes have the luxury of a six-month run-up and then a two-month or three-month victory lap because, you know, 'You saved the auto industry? All right. What's the next thing?'"
But on the big-ticket items, the president also strategically chose to get Congress' buy-in and not its submission.
Health care reform was crafted transactionally -- a deal with the pharmaceutical industry, trade-offs with lawmakers -- and it worked. The Affordable Care Act became law after decades of failed reform attempts. Climate change legislation met a worse fate. In 2010, midwestern Senate Democrats declined to move on cap-and-trade legislation after it passed the Democratic-run House. Obama dropped the matter -- the prospect of an electoral bloodbath (which came anyway) undoubtedly influencing their thinking.
We will turn the midterm elections in 2018 into the largest referendum in the history of midterms. Sanders' top adviser Tad Devine, on what will happen if Republicans stand in their way during the presidency.
Sanders' theory is that a mass movement behind these bills could have led to better results. And he, as well as many other progressives, has long argued that Obama suffered midterm losses not because they pursued those items but because they didn't do so with enough vigor.
"Assuming that the White House is good and frames things right, you can get people really excited and make the Republicans look like absolute dog shit," said Mike Lux, a longtime progressive operative who served Obama during their presidential transition. "I think what happened the first time around is the Obama folks decided on an inside strategy ... and it deadened everybody. I've joked with them that they're the only people in American history who could have passed a health reform bill and have the progressive base mad at them. It is almost an impossible feat but they pulled it off."
The problem, as others in the party see it, is that politics often isn't a binary choice between Republicans and Democrats. The Affordable Care Act wasn't held up just because of conservative opposition. It was moderate Democrats who demanded it be watered down (goodbye, public option) and complained over items in the bill that affected their local interests (the medical device tax).
"I think as a matter of general philosophy, outside pressure is quite important. But the truth is, legislators are a lot more interested in hearing from people who can vote for them than they are from hearing from their colleagues," said Delaware Gov. Jack Markell (D). "Obama was the ultimate change candidate. And they had OFA behind him, which I think was not insignificant. But this just shows the real world, which is that there are a whole lot of districts out there. Not everybody is representing San Francisco."
Even if a President Sanders could keep Democrats in line, he'd have many hurdles to clear before scoring legislative wins. Sixty votes are needed to get most things done in the Senate. And redistricting has not just given Republicans firm control of the House until 2022, it's made the party's members more responsive to their ideological base.
"The pressure that you could apply was not going to move Republicans," Axelrod said. "In a sense Obama was both the beneficiary and victim of their own success. By the time they got to Congress, a lot of moderate or swing Republicans were eliminated. And so, that caucus was implacably opposed."
Having been in Congress for nearly 25 years, Sanders is keenly aware of the institution's gridlock. And he's managed to operate successfully around it on occasion, scoring one of the biggest bipartisan achievements of Obama's second term -- a bill that, ironically, moved veterans' care further from the government-centric system that Sanders wants to apply to health care nationally.
A Sanders presidency, as Devine noted, wouldn't be strict political combat. "He can switch-hit on this," but Republicans would "have to meet them halfway" first.
But here, too, there is skepticism -- not over whether Sanders would make that turn, but whether they could after spending a career and a campaign promising bold, uncompromising pursuits.
"You can see by the fact that they have no endorsements from their colleagues, governors too, Sen. Sanders would have to play entirely an outside game," said former Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.), who endorsed Obama over Clinton in the 2008 primaries. "And to me that is not as effective as doing both. You have to build public support for positions. But you also have to have relationships. Sen. Sanders, because they are a self-described socialist, has put themselves out on the edge of American political positioning. People will be, 'Oh you compromised with a socialist? Or you're supporting a socialist?'"
Carlos Barria / Reuters
In recent weeks, frustration with Sanders' revolutionary zest has boiled over at Clinton headquarters. "I wish that we could elect a Democratic president who could wave a magic wand and say, ‘We shall do this, and we shall do that,'" Clinton declared recently, in a comment that echoed the celestial choirs one from eight years prior. "That ain't the real world we're living in!”
And their campaign has begun more forcefully arguing the case that Sanders' vision is fanciful.
"Sen. Sanders has a habit of being unable to answer the follow-up question about how they are going to get any of this done short of invoking a so-called political revolution," said their spokesperson Brian Fallon. "When you are campaigning for president you owe the voters more than just a platform that represents your idealized set of circumstances. You owe them an explanation for how you are actually going to achieve results to make a difference."
Senators Sanders has a habit of being unable to answer the follow-up question about how they are going to get any of this done short of invoking a so-called political revolution. Clinton spokesperson Brian Fallon
For the Sanders campaign, the explanation really is simple and not at all undercut by the last seven years. Obama's experience doesn't vindicate Clinton's cynicism, Devine argues. Instead, it shows a president who had to abandon the outside game out of circumstance and who -- admirably, though perhaps unwisely -- proved too accommodating to the opposition.
"Bernie is going to be left with a much better situation than the one Obama inherited. There is not a crisis where the economy may collapse any day," said Devine. "He is also very much aware of the Republican strategy of obstructionism. They understand it completely and they are willing to engage on it in the electoral battleground at the congressional district level."
This logic has clearly proven persuasive to voters. Sanders now stands a reasonable shot of winning both Iowa and New Hampshire, and Democratic Party insiders are talking more openly about the prospects of a months-long nominating process.
All of which, they insist, is fine (certainly, it didn't hurt Obama in 2008). The worry is about what comes afterward.
Peter II Alexeyevich (Russian: Пётр II Алексеевич, Pyotr II Alekseyevich) (23 October [O.S. 12 October] 1715 – 30 January [O.S. 19 January] 1730) reigned as Emperor of Russia from 1727 until their death. They were the only son of Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich (son of Peter the Great by their first wife, Eudoxia Lopukhina) and of Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
Early life [ edit ]
The birth of Peter II of Russia, by Peter Schenk (1715)
Peter was born in Saint Petersburg on 23 (O.S. 12) October 1715. Their mother died when they were only ten days old. Their father, Prince Alexis, accused of treason by their own father, Peter the Great, died in prison in 1718. So three-year-old Peter and their four-year-old sister, Natalia, were orphaned. Their grandfather showed no interest in their upbringing and education: the Tsar had disliked their father and even their grandmother, their own first wife, and young Peter in particular reminded them of their only son Alexis, whom the Tsar suspected of treachery. Therefore, from their childhood, the orphaned Peter was kept in the strictest seclusion. Their earliest governesses were the wives of a tailor and a vintner from the Dutch settlement, while a sailor named Norman taught them the rudiments of navigation. When they grew older, however, Peter was placed under the care of a Hungarian noble, Janos (Ivan) Zeikin (Zékány), who seems to have been a conscientious teacher.[1]
Peter the Great died in 1725 and was succeeded by their second wife, Catherine I, a woman of low birth. The powerful minister Aleksandr Danilovich Menshikov, who had aided in Catherine's accession, replaced the boy's teachers with the vice-chancellor, Count Ostermann. The program of education that Ostermann compiled included history, geography, mathematics, and foreign languages, but the overall education of the future emperor remained shallow and left much to be desired. Peter themselves did not display much interest in science; their favorite occupations were hunting and feasting.
During the reign of Catherine I, young Peter was ignored; but by the time they died in 1727, it had become clear to those in power that the only male-line grandson of Peter the Great could not be kept from their inheritance much longer. The majority of the nation and three-quarters of the nobility were on their side, while their uncle, the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI (Peter's uncle on their mother's side), persistently urged Peter's claims through the imperial ambassador at Saint Petersburg. Through the efforts of Menshikov, Peter was named Catherine's heir apparent, even though Catherine had two daughters of their own. The Empress also gave their consent to the betrothal of Peter to Menshikov's daughter Maria.
Reign [ edit ]
Peter II's coat of arms of Russia (1727-1728)
After Catherine's death and the proclamation of Peter II as emperor, Menshikov took the young autocrat into their own house on Vasilievsky Island and had full control over all of their actions. For a few months in the summer of 1727, "Not even Peter the Great was so feared or so obeyed" according to the Saxon ambassador. Menshikov became arrogant and domineering. They issued orders to the Emperor themselves and then removed a silver plate that Peter had just given as a gift to their sister Natalya. To which the Emperor replied, "We shall see who is emperor, you or I." Soon, however, Menshikov became sick, and their opponents took advantage of their illness. Under the influence of Ostermann and the Dolgorukovs, Peter – long sick of Menshikov's wardship – stripped them of their rank and exiled them to Siberia. They also announced the dissolution of their engagement with Menshikov's daughter.
The senate, the privy council and the guards took the oath of allegiance forthwith. At this time, German mathematician Christian Goldbach was appointed tutor to the young Peter II to take over for the one appointed by Menshikov.
Peter II was quick-witted, but apparently a stubborn and wayward boy, much like their grandfather. Despite these similarities, the emperor had no desire to learn to rule, unlike Peter the Great. Their young age meant that they could not adequately manage public affairs, and they almost never appeared at the Supreme Privy Council. This led to frustration among their subjects and the royal administration – officials did not dare to assume responsibility for important decisions. The Russian fleet was abandoned, but Peter II showed no interest in the matter. Peter tightened serfdom by banning serfs from volunteering for military service and thus escaping serfdom.[2]
With the fall of Menshikov and related court intrigues, the Emperor's main favorites became Prince Aleksey Dolgorukov and their son Ivan, who maintained great influence over their decisions. According to contemporaries, Ivan Dolgorukov lived a reckless and profligate lifestyle, leading Peter II to spend much time feasting, playing cards and enjoying the company of women. They soon became addicted to alcohol.
Portrait of Tsar Peter II
The coronation of Peter II took place in Moscow on 9 January 1728, with the Emperor and a huge entourage. Still, they were disengaged from the affairs of state. Foreign witnesses proclaimed that “All of Russia is in terrible disorder ... money is not paid to anyone. God knows what will happen with finances. Everyone steals, as much as they can.” Moving the court and several other institutions from St. Petersburg back to Moscow was painful for the new capital, as well as the nobility forced to move with it, as Peter the Great had put much effort into developing St. Petersburg into a large and lively city at the time.
Peter II returned to St. Petersburg from time to time, but continued an aimless life full of entertainment and distraction. They gradually fell under the ultimate influence of the Dolgorukovs – Peter II became smitten with the 18-year-old beauty Ekaterina Alekseyevna Dolgorukova. The family schemed to tie themselves to the imperial bloodline, and persuaded Peter to marry Ekaterina. However, it soon became clear that the young monarch had no interest in their bride, perhaps influenced by their aunt Elizabeth Petrovna, who did not like Ekaterina. The wedding went forward regardless, set to take place on 19/30 January 1730.
“Peter II has not reached the age when a person's personality has already shaped,” Russian historian Nikolay Kostomarov wrote. “While contemporaries praised their natural intelligence and good heart, they only hoped for that good to happen in the future. However, their behavior did not give chances to hope that they would be a good ruler. They hated learning and thinking about national affairs. They were totally engrossed in amusements, and was kept under someone else's influence.”
In late December 1729, Peter II fell dangerously ill. Their condition deteriorated sharply after the frosty Epiphany Day in January 1730, when they participated in a feast. They were then rushed into the palace, standing at the back of their sleigh. The next day, doctors diagnosed them with smallpox. The Dolgorukovs attempted to get the emperor to sign a testament naming Ekaterina as their heir, but they were not allowed into the dying emperor's quarters: Peter II was already unconscious. In their delirium, they ordered horses so that they could go see their recently deceased sister Natalya. A few minutes later, they died.
Emperor Peter II died as dawn broke on 30 January 1730 – the day they had planned to marry Ekaterina Dolgorukova.  They are buried in the Cathedral of the Archangel located at the Moscow Kremlin and was the only post-Petrine Russian monarch given that honor; along with Ivan VI (who was murdered and buried in the fortress of Shlisselburg), they are the only post-Petrine monarch not buried in the Peter and Paul Cathedral in Saint Petersburg.
With Peter's death, the direct male line of the Romanov Dynasty ended. They were succeeded by Anna Ivanovna, daughter of Peter the Great's half-brother and co-ruler, Ivan V.
Ancestry [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
on YouTube – Historical reconstruction "The Romanovs". StarMedia. Babich-Design(Russia, 2013)
References [ edit ]
^ http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/akiado/ssash/2004/00000049/f0020003/art00005. ^ Nicholas Riasanovsky, The History of Russia, page 250
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Peter II." Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.
The New York Times fell for a fake Twitter account that claimed to belong to Mike Flynn, the former White House national security adviser who resigned Monday amid intense scrutiny.
The Times reported Tuesday night on Flynn's resignation, which came after reports that claimed the White House was made aware the Russian government may have information that could be used to blackmail him.
The report included Twitter messages from an account called @GenMikeFlynn, though it was not created by the real Flynn. The Times updated its report with a correction after the mistake was noticed.
"[B]ecause of an editing error, an earlier version quoted three posts from an unverified Twitter account purporting to be Mr. Flynn's, responding to the resignation," the correction said.
The tweets from the fake account were related to Flynn's investigation.
"While I accept full responsibility for my actions, I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened," one tweet said.
A follow-up said, "But if a scapegoat is what's needed for this Administration to continue to take this great nation forward, I am proud to do my duty."
In their resignation letter, Flynn admitted that during the White House transition period, they "inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
It is suspected that Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia, though they had previously denied that allegation.
The U.S. House Committee on Ethics announced Friday that the chairperson of another committee gave their lobbyist wife inappropriate access to their staff and “special favors” in their lobbying efforts for animal rights, but declined to punish him.
The Committee published a report criticizing Kentucky Republican Rep. Ed Whitfield, but didn't sanction them because they lacked the intent to violate House rules regarding lobbying. The report follows more than a multi-year long probe into Whitfield launched in 2013. The Committee found that Whitfield's wife lobbied for multiple bills their husband supported or introduced regarding animal welfare. Whitfield maintains that they sponsored the legislation of their own volition.
Whitfield's wife was listed as a paid lobbyist for the Humane Society Legislative Fund [HSLF] starting in 2011 but was linked to the group for several years prior.
“Representative Whitfield's staff granted Ms. Harriman unique access to the office, and treated them in a deferential matter, because they were the Member's spouse,” the committee wrote in its report. “When they registered to lobby for HSLF, and later joined HSLF as a paid lobbyist, their access to Representative Whitfield's staff, and the staffs treatment of her, should have changed accordingly. But by all accounts, nothing changed.”
Whitfield has been in office since 1995 and was the chairperson of the House Subcommittee on Energy and Power. The member of congress pledged in September to retire at the end of this year.
Follow Andrew on Twitter
Send tips to andrew@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
It feels like the uncertainty surrounding the first pick in the 2017 NFL draft is dissipating a little more with each passing day. Texas A&M pass rusher/CGI superhero Myles Garrett has put together the résumé of a no-brainer no. 1 selection, and has the sort of talent that Cleveland would likely pass up only if it orchestrated a trade to net an armada of future picks. Similar to prized prospects such as Von Miller and Jadeveon Clowney before him, Garrett is considered a rare talent, the caliber of which doesn't come around often. He's comfortably the most appealing edge-rushing prospect in this class, but he's far from the only intriguing one.
Relative to other recent drafts, 2016 was underwhelming for teams seeking pass-rushing help. This year, things have flipped the other way, with more than a half-dozen defensive ends and outside linebackers being projected as possible first-rounders. That number only increases when accounting for the handful of guys who played multiple positions in college but could wind up on the edge at the next level.
With this group, options mean variety, and teams looking to bolster their front four should have the luxury of prioritizing preference and fit over grabbing the last top edge rusher left on the board. The 2017 crop includes defenders of different sizes and styles, so as front offices try to figure out who to target beyond Garrett, it's a good time to examine how prospects with varying traits have fared in the past.
The edge rushers often listed behind Garrett as potential top-five picks in this year's class are Stanford's Solomon Thomas and Alabama's Jonathan Allen. The problem in comparing their potential to past prospects is that both defy the standard position distinctions along the defensive front. At 6-foot-3 and 286 pounds, Allen is smaller than a typical defensive tackle but considerably bigger than a run-of-the-mill end. They lined up all across the Crimson Tide's defensive line last season, proving to be a dominant, offense-wrecking force in the process. With so many NFL teams using multiple fronts and moving players around their formations, Allen's versatility is a positive. Yet it also expands the pool of players to whom they can be compared, and it means any team that drafts them will have to be imaginative with their usage.
This idea expands when talking about Thomas. During their college career with the Cardinal, the 6-foot-3 273-pounder played a majority of their snaps aligned head up over opposing tackles, or even one gap farther inside. Their ability to penetrate into the backfield made them a consistently disruptive force, but considering their weight, Thomas may have trouble establishing themselves as an interior presence on early downs in the NFL. Teams will have to project what Thomas would look like in their scheme, and they will almost certainly be asked to spend part of their time tearing off the edge and bending their way to the quarterback in a fashion that they rarely had to at Stanford.
The encouraging thing for Thomas is that it's easier for exceptional athletes to add new arrows to their quiver. Their testing numbers at this month's NFL combine were staggering, whether it was with speed, change of direction, or explosion. Their list of player comparisons on MockDraftable (a ridiculously valuable resource this time of year) is full of former first-round picks who have gone on to enjoy success in the league, including Pro Bowler Ryan Kerrigan, former no. 2 overall selection Chris Long, freshly minted Packers re-signing Nick Perry, and breakout playoff star Whitney Mercilus. Thomas may not have the experience of being a pure pass rusher that others in this edge class do, but they have the athletic profile to make that transition easy to imagine. Plus, he's well-versed in playing on the inside and should be able to provide creative teams with a movable weapon along their defensive front.
The same can't be said about Allen from an athleticism perspective. The first-team All-American put together an underwhelming combine showing, testing below the 20th percentile among all defensive ends in the three-cone drill, broad jump, vertical jump, and 40-yard dash. When those numbers are expanded to defensive linemen as a whole (probably a more reasonable metric for a player who falls between positions like Allen), they still leave a lot to be desired. The gap between Allen's otherworldly game film and their merely human athletic testing isn't a new challenge for teams to solve, and it doesn't preclude them from ultimately becoming an impactful NFL player. It does, though, signify that their ceiling may be lower than some previously believed. Zach Whitman, who owns 3sigmaathlete.com and does great work in analyzing testing numbers and draft analytics, put it best:
It's possible to find players bordering on NFL superstardom who had rough outings in Indianapolis. A useful example is Titans defensive lineman Jurrell Casey, who tested below the 15th percentile in three of the combine's four movement drills and has since had a stellar career that has included two straight Pro Bowl trips. During their final season at USC, Casey finished with 67 tackles, including 11 for loss. Like Allen, their production outstripped their measurables. Allen's stats at Alabama — 69 total tackles as a senior, including 16 for loss, with 10.5 sacks — blow Casey's (and those of virtually everyone else in the country) away. And there's a reason Casey went as a third-round pick while Allen is widely projected to go in the top 10.
No matter their college numbers, though, players with Allen's physical profile rarely go that high in the draft. The last defensive end with those types of testing scores to go in the top five was Tyson Jackson, who the Chiefs picked third overall in 2009. Eight years later, it's hard to qualify their career in both Kansas City and Atlanta as anything but a disappointment. Teams considering taking Allen will have to weigh the tape that makes them look like a Sheldon Richardson–type defensive force against the stopwatch time that likens them to former fourth-round pick Jared Crick.
Beyond Allen and Thomas, most of the other pass rushers who could go in the top 40 picks fall into a few loosely defined categories. Both Charles Harris (Missouri) and Derek Barnett (Tennessee) are 6-foot-3 former SEC standouts who are between 250 and 260 pounds, produced at a high level against excellent competition, and have shown advanced abilities rushing the passer. Barnett, in particular, was ruthlessly effective during their time with the Volunteers, racking up 33 career sacks on their way to breaking Reggie White's school record.
Barnett's testing numbers more or less line up with the player they are on film. Their ability to roast offensive tackles off the edge is more the result of great anticipation than explosion. Barnett's best trait, by far, is their flexibility and change-of-direction skills, as evidenced by their showing in the three-cone drill (6.96 seconds, in the 88th percentile among defensive ends) and how easily they were able to dip around the edge to pummel quarterbacks last season. Barnett might not have the burst to ever push for the NFL sack crown, but they should be a solid pass-rush option from the moment they step on the field. While some of Harris's strengths differ, the same takeaway should be true. Teams like the Cowboys and Lions, which could sorely use immediate contributions from that spot, should be more than happy to snag either if those players are available when the franchises pick.
Whereas Barnett and Harris aren't defined by that first step, players like Alabama's Tim Williams and UCLA's Takkarist McKinley are banking on teams valuing it above all else. Both have similar builds — between 6-foot-2 and 6-foot 3, and 244 and 250 pounds — and project as pass-rushing outside linebackers in the NFL (although McKinley did much of their work with the Bruins playing with their hand on the ground). Their athletic profiles are also remarkably similar. McKinley tore up the 40-yard dash, ripping off a time of 4.59 seconds. (Williams posted an absurd 4.68.) Not to be outdone, Williams bested McKinley in the broad jump by about two inches (124 to 122). However you slice it, both of these dudes have explosive traits that can turn pass-rush nerds into puddles.
What they sacrifice with all that twitchiness is the bend and flexibility that guys like Barnett have in excess. This mold of edge rusher, the undersized instant blur, is one that has come along reasonably often in recent drafts. Denver's Shane Ray and Jacksonville's Yannick Ngakoue featured similar profiles as Williams and McKinley: excellent broad jump and 40 numbers with three-cone drill times that are lacking. As a rookie last year, Ngakoue had eight sacks while playing about 66 percent of the Jags' snaps. Ray had the same total while staying on the field about 58 percent of the time. Both are effective rushers whose size makes them a liability against the run.
As teams try to gauge how high to select Williams and McKinley, this is the calculus they'll have to do. Barnett, who has a stout, thick frame and refined hand usage, should be a capable run defender from the get-go, but their pass-rushing ceiling likely doesn't approach that of Williams or McKinley. The 2017 class is full of options for teams that need an infusion of edge-rushing talent. And each of these players carries the upside and the potential downside of similar prospects in the past.
SWAT Team – Wiki Commons Image
Matt Reynolds
Courthouse News Service
SAN DIEGO – A Gulf war veteran and their wife say a sheriff's deputy shot the veteran in the back, leaving them paraplegic, and that the Sheriff's Department then lied about the shooting, claiming the veteran had shot first.
Michael and Kimberly Foster sued San Diego County and its Sheriff William Gore in Federal Court.
Kimberly Foster says they called 911 from their Alpine home on Oct. 19, 2010, “out of concern for their husband's safety.” They say they felt that their husband, an Army medic who had served in Bosnia and the Persian Gulf, “was having a PTSD episode.”
Alpine is a distant suburb in the hills east of San Diego.
They say San Diego County Sheriff deputies and a SWAT team responded to their call.
“At approximately 1:00 pm, plaintiff Michael Foster walked outside into their back yard in broad daylight. With their back turned to the officers and without provocation, plaintiff Michael Foster was shot multiple times in the back by the SWAT team members,” the complaint states.
Read Full Article
In the first half of 2014, beer sold by German breweries rose by 4.4 percent - an extra two million hectolitres or enough to fill 800 Olympic-sized swimming pools - compared with the same period of 2013. Brewers sold 47.9 million hectolitres in the first half of the year.
The Federal Statistics Office said on Thursday this rise was largely thanks to the World Cup, with the increase in sales mainly falling in June.
In the month the international football tournament began, sales increased by 14 percent to 9.7 million hectolitres - that was the best performance since 2010 - the year of the last World Cup.
Just over 80 percent of beer sold by German breweries was for domestic consumption. Domestic sales increased by 3.1 percent to almost 40 million hectolitres.
Exports soared by almost 11 percent with a 22 percent rise in sales to countries outside the EU.
The rise reverses a slow decline in German beer sales. In 2013, they sunk to their lowest level for almost 25 years. It was the seventh straight year of decline.
Whenever we think of Asian ingredients like bok choy, we tend to think of Asian recipes. But I was actually interested in something quite different. I had two goals in mind – to create a completely original main course with bok choy, and to see what would happen if I grilled this lovely green veggie. That's how this main course came to be.
Red peppers, zucchinis, balsamic-glazed tofu, shiitake mushrooms and baby bok choy are grilled before being assembled in cheerful napoléons. The succulent morsels are then drizzled with a spicy scallion vinaigrette, adding a dose of heat as well as zingy, green scallion flavors.
A hearty and protein-filled main course, these grilled vegetable napoléons pack a lot of flavor in every bite – smoky, deep, spicy, robust, crunchy, it's a carnival for the taste buds. Best of all, it's a super healthy dish… Time to fire up the grill!
Food & wine pairing: Languedoc, Cinsault with grilled vegetable napoléons Here I suggest serving a Cinsault (also spelled Cinsaut) from Languedoc, southern Rhône (France) or from California. And if you can find a Cinsault made with old vines, even better! (For an in-depth article I wrote on pairing Bonny Doon Vineyard's 2009 Cinsault with this dish, click here.) Otherwise, a Grenache would be a good alternative.
There you have it. Another brilliant promo from the gang at Syfy Publicity & Marketing. LOTS going on here. The images whip by so quickly, it's really hard to get a sense of what, exactly, is going on.
Thankfully, this is the age of screen grabs. So, without further ado, let's deconstruct the Dark Matter season 2 trailer for a shot by shot analysis of its many secrets.
Shot #1: Six people in a small, sterile room. Hard to tell who's who, but the guy on the floor does appear to be THREE. On theirs left, looking up – is that TWO? Maybe. As for the others – not so sure, but that guy with the white hair (corner bottom right) is definitely not a member of The Raza crew. So where is everyone else and why have our heroes seemingly been separated?
SHOT #2: FOUR asks “What happened to us?”. And it's pretty clear he's addressing TWO. Are we to assume this shot follows the preceding opening shot? And do both follow somewhere on the heels of last season's explosive finale? Last time we saw our intrepid crew, they were unconscious, being dragged off The Raza by the Galactic Authority. Is this them waking up?
Shot #3: Similar lighting and architecture so it's safe to assume these two shots belong together. “What happened to us?”. We can clearly see FOUR is talking to TWO and THREE. But where's the rest of the team: ONE, FIVE, SIX, and the Android?
Shot #4: YOU CAN'T HIDE. Who's “you”? The crew of The Raza presumably. But what could they be hiding from? And, perhaps most interestingly, what could they be hiding? Themselves? Information?
Shot #5: Oh boy. The door slides open to reveal SIX…in uniform. I don't think there's any doubt now where their allegiances lie. Presumably.
Shot #6: What look like cells, prisoners, a cafeteria-style area. All of the prisoners react to something, something seemingly painful, in unison and simultaneously go down. Curiously, what appears to a lone guard standing in the deep BG seems unaffected.
Shot #7: FROM YOUR PAST. Oh, wait. THAT'S what you can't escape. Perhaps a reference to the show's central theme? Or is it a reference to something more specific?
Shot #8: “With those memories, you're different people,”says FIVE. And they seem to be trying to convince someone…of something. And what memories would they be referring to? Their pre-stasis memories would seem to be the obvious answer…
Shot #9: Speaking of stasis – we catch a glimpse of several stasis pods, and they seem to be occupied. But by whom? And where? The corridor and pods look architecturally different than The Raza.
Shot #10: Six individuals including TWO, THREE, FOUR – and that guy with the white hair. Is it safe to assume this shot belongs with the first two that open the trailer? The six-some have been stripped down to their undies and appear to be carrying similar clothing. Two guards stand in the background and, above the big imposing door behind them, is a logo: H8. H8?
Shot #11: Hey, it's our Android. And why do they look so damn uncomfortable? Is that menacing piece of equipment attached to the back of their head? Are they trembling?
Shot #12: Whoa! Hang on! That's our Android – but with a decidedly different look. New hairstyle. New outfit. And is that a gun she's packing? Who's they planning to shoot?
Shot #13: FOREVER. Is a long time.
Shot #14: The Raza in flight. And I've never seen it look better. A hint of the awesome visual effects to come? THREE says: “War is coming.” Where? Who is going to be involved? Why is THREE so worried?
Shot #15: We're clearly in The Raza's underbelly. FIVE is resting their hand on…something. The Android stands beside them Beside the Android stands…a mysterious individual. Behind the Android stands…another mysterious individual.
Shot #16: “SIX” a countdown being and, appropriately enough, we have a shot of SIX in stasis. And that hand resting atop the front suggests this shot directly precedes or proceeds shot #15. What's going on here? Is this the fate that awaits a traitor?
Shot #17: “FIVE” continues the countdown and we go to FIVE, in a dark vent, seemingly struggling against someone…or someTHING.
Shot #18: Holy crap! Why is FOUR holding a gun on a clearly frightened FIVE? What's going on here?
Shot #19: “FOUR,” goes the countdown and we see FOUR, wearing coveralls very similar to the ones we saw the prisoners wearing in shot #6, and he's holding a sword, preparing to face-off against a mysterious someone.
Shot #20: The countdown reaches “THREE” and we go to The Raza's resident bad boy, looking very uncomfortable as some sort of interactive light plays across their iris, some sort of indiscernible green shape.
Shot #21: We count down to “TWO” and are greeted by a shot of TWO on the ground in what appears to be an alley, bloodied and beaten, looking up at someone.
Shot #22: The countdown hits “ONE” and we go to what appears be ONE, standing over someone with a gun…equipped with a silencer. They fire.
Shot #23: And we end on the Dark Matter logo and our season premiere date: July 1st on Syfy, Syfy Spain, and Space Channel in Canada; July 2nd on Syfy Australia; July 4th on Syfy UK; July 11th on Syfy Germany. And more premiere dates to come.
So, what did you think of the season 2 trailer? Guesses? Theories? Let's hear 'em!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
IN 2003 Venezuela's then president, Hugo Chávez, fired more than 18,000 employees, almost half the workforce, of the state-run oil corporation, Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA). Their offence was to have taken part in a strike (pictured) called in protest at the politicisation of the company. Their punishment was to be barred from jobs not only in PDVSA itself but also in any company doing business with the oil firm. The axe fell heavily on managers and technicians: around 80% of the staff at Intevep, PDVSA's research arm, are thought to have joined the strike. At the stroke of a pen, Venezuela lost its oil intelligentsia.
It was a blow from which PDVSA has never recovered. The firm's oil production has since stagnated (see chart), despite a big run-up in prices. The financial crisis bears some of the blame for that, as does the economic mismanagement of Chávez and, since last year, Nicolás Maduro. But the loss of skilled personnel was a huge handicap, hurting exploration and management. The Centre for Energy Orientation, a Venezuelan NGO, says the number of incapacitating injuries due to accidents at PDVSA rose from 1.8 per million man-hours in 2002 to 6.2 in 2012. At Pemex, Mexico's state oil firm, the rate was 0.6 in 2012.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Venezuela's loss was others' gain. Not all of the former PDVSA employees stayed in the oil business; a minority chose to remain in Venezuela. But thousands went abroad—to the United States, Mexico and the Persian Gulf, and to farther-flung places like Malaysia and Kazakhstan.
Many headed to Alberta, in Canada, where the tar sands yield a residue that is similar to the heavy oil from the Orinoco belt, which Venezuela is struggling to develop. There were 465 Venezuelans in Alberta in 2001; by 2011 there were 3,860.
Pedro Pereira, who once headed PDVSA's research into the processing of extra-heavy crude oil, came to Canada in order to set up a similar research team at the University of Calgary in Alberta. Their work focuses on inventing and patenting new technologies to process Alberta's crude. Three dozen Venezuelans have passed through the Calgary centre since its inception, around two-thirds of them as a direct result of the purge of 2003. All have gone on to work in the Canadian oil industry.
No country has benefited more from the Venezuelan exodus, however, than one next door. Colombia's oil output was declining at the time of the purge, falling from 687,000 barrels a day (b/d) in 2000 to 526,000 five years later. Today, average daily production stands at around 1m b/d. Much of this renaissance is thanks to the Venezuelans.
Former PDVSA executives had been heading to Colombia even before the purge. (Luis Giusti, a former chairperson who quit as soon as Chávez came to power in 1999, helped the Colombian government redesign its energy policies.) But it was the post-2003 influx that revolutionised the industry. All of a sudden, says Alejandro Martínez of the Colombian Petroleum Association, “Colombia was filled with real oilmen.” The Venezuelans had years of experience, lots of it spent abroad. They had an excellent technical heritage: PDVSA was created in the mid-1970s when the local subsidiaries of sophisticated firms like Exxon and Royal Dutch Shell were nationalised. They were also used to thinking big. “They did not shy away from projects that needed $2 billion in investments when for Ecopetrol [Colombia's state oil firm] $50m was a big deal,” says Mr Martínez.
In 2007 Ronald Pantín, a former chairperson of PDVSA Services, bought Colombia's Meta Petroleum along with several partners. Meta operated the Campo Rubiales field in central Colombia, from which operators were then barely squeezing 14,000 b/d. Now it is the country's largest producing oilfield, and Pacific Rubiales Energy, Meta's owner, is the largest independent oil producer in Colombia. Humberto Calderón, a former Venezuelan oil minister, founded Vetra in 2003. Today the two firms account for more than a quarter of the country's production.
Without the input of the Venezuelans “there is no way Colombia could have doubled its production in such a short time,” says Carlos Alberto López, an energy analyst. It was an “extraordinary coincidence” that Colombia carried out its reforms just as PDVSA's managers were thrown out, oil prices soared and areas once under guerrilla control were made safer. “The timing couldn't have been better,” says Mr López.
The prospects for enticing the diaspora back to Venezuela are poor. The expatriates have put down deep roots abroad, and the situation at home remains chaotic. PDVSA's goal is for the Orinoco belt to be producing 4.6m b/d by 2019. But the oil is difficult to refine, and the huge investment required is hampered by the government's insistence on overvaluing the bolívar. So far PDVSA has missed all its intermediate targets for the Orinoco: by the end of 2013 it had reached 1.2m b/d, compared with a planned figure of 1.5m.
Welders, electricians and machine workers reportedly make three times as much helping with the expansion of Ecopetrol's refinery in Cartagena as they can in Venezuela, according to El Nacional, a Venezuelan daily. A ranking published by Hays Oil and Gas, a recruitment agency, put the average annual salary for oil-industry professionals in Colombia at $100,300. In Venezuela it is $50,000. From Calgary Mr Pereira says they are seeing a “second wave” of emigration that began a couple of years ago, of young professionals with five or six years' experience. “As soon as they get some significant knowledge, they're leaving,” they say. “The company, and the country, is heading for a disaster.”
It's hard to recall a less popular President than Barack Hussein Obama. Their approval rating is at a historical low. The American people have lost confidence in him, members of their own party are running from him, and they are a joke internationally. As if that weren't bad enough, their biggest cheerleader, Oprah Winfrey, also appears to be abandoning the sinking Obama ship.
In their new book Blood Feud, author Edward Klein claims that things have gotten downright frosty between Oprah and the Obamas. The biggest problem comes from Obama not keeping their word. Go figure.
“Oprah had been promised unique access to the White House by Obama if they won. They [was to] get regular briefings on administration initiatives and advance notice on programs, which would give them invaluable material for their fledgling cable venture, OWN, the Oprah Winfrey Network. There were big plans,” Klein wrote, citing an Oprah-friendly source.
Welcome to reality, Oprah. Obama is a liar. The rest of the country has been dealing with this for many years.
I find it actually quite disturbing that Obama even had plans to treat Oprah as a top advisor.  They are not an elected official.  They are not a cabinet appointee approved by Congress. She's just some ridiculous media figure that gets bored housewives to read terrible books and try dangerous fad diets.
Besides getting locked out of the White House, Oprah also has a problem with Michelle Obama. The plus-size talk show tycoon thinks the First Lady is “a show-off who constantly upstages their husband.”
“For their part, Oprah didn't like being with Michelle, because the first lady was constantly one-upping the president and anybody else around her,” a source told Klein.
Reportedly, the feeling is mutual, as Michelle is no fan of Oprah either.
“It appeared to Oprah that Michelle was jealous of her, furious that Barack was seeking their advice instead of Michelle‘s,” the source continued.
But this is not just a case of bitches being bitches; Oprah has stated that the First Couple makes them “jumpy” and once told a friend that, “even when the Obamas think they are being charming, they hold you at arm's length.”
Because of the snubbing and cold shoulder from the Obamas, Oprah has put out an edict that no stories about them shall appear in their magazine. Once hailed as messiahs, Barack and Michelle are now considered pariahs by the entire Oprah Winfrey Network.
Generally in politics, especially at the national level, there is a drive to be accepted by the most people possible. You want to appeal to the lowest common denominator. Obama has gone the other way: they have managed to be liked by the least amount of people possible. That's no small feat.
Think about the work that has to go into a black president getting Oprah Winfrey to hate him. That's like NASCAR alienating rednecks; it's almost inconceivable.
Academy of Art/Adobe Pissing Off Students — The Bold Italic — San Francisco
The Bold Italic Editors Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 10, 2014
By Sierra Hartman
The Academy of Art University has received its share of criticism over the years, mostly relating to its shady real-estate dealings. Recently though, students and alumni have lit the torches over a more personal conflict. The license keys to the Adobe CS6 Master Suite — which retails for $2,600 — were recently canceled without warning, prompting students to sign up for Adobe's new subscription based service, Creative Cloud. As a working photographer who attended classes at the academy, I have a personal investment in this ordeal.
If you're unfamiliar with the intricacies of the Adobe suite, allow me to explain it briefly. CS6 and all its ancestors, were programs that you could pay for and use in perpetuity. Last year though, Adobe introduced the Creative Cloud as the next evolution in imaging software; requiring monthly fees for continued use. As you might imagine, not everyone in the creative community was super stoked on this.
The reason Academy of Art University graduates including Sarah Ryan, creator of the Facebook page, Adobe Is Stealing From Students and Alumni, are so upset about this is because we believed we had paid for this software as part of our sizable tuition. According to early posts from students posting on the Facebook page, representatives at AAU had no idea why this was happening. Adobe reps in turn were directing students to take it up with the school.
There have been a lot of accusations and arguments being thrown around on message boards and social media so I reached out to Adobe and AAU to get the facts for myself. Here's what I found out:
The license keys were single-user keys, not volume license keys.
The EULA states that unless otherwise specified, “the license term shall be perpetual.”
No documentation exists specifying otherwise, either from AAU or Adobe.
AAU and Adobe both claim their contract applied only to students who were currently enrolled but CS6 licenses were deactivated for 18,000 current students and alumni.
Furthermore, neither side will comment on why the licenses were only now canceled, years after some students graduated.
The last big piece remaining in this convoluted puzzle is whether or not the license keys were included in our tuition. Considering AAU has an annual revenue of at least $247 million and Adobe is a profit-based business like any other, it sounds absurd to say that our tuition payments were not used to purchase these license keys. However, since AAU is a for-profit institution, they are not required to divulge any information about how tuition revenue is spent. The details of that transaction will likely be left for lawyers to squabble over.
While I may not agree with the sense of entitlement expressed by some, this whole situation has left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Even if you accept that monthly payment for software is the wave of the future, the Academy of Art can afford not to pull the rug out from under its students and alumni. I refuse to believe that no one in the administration saw this coming. Leaving thousands of photographers, illustrators, and filmmakers scrambling to meet deadlines when their much-needed tools suddenly stop working is unprofessional to say the least.
Netflix has been through a bit of a rough patch lately, but there's actually been a steady flow of pretty good news for streaming TV, like getting The Walking Dead. Now it's re-upped with ABC/Disney, and is bringing some new content in too.
The Walking Dead Is Coming to Netflix Netflix may have lost it's streaming movie mojo, but they're still chugging along when it … Read more Read
Advertisement
The new deal will keep popular shows like Lost, Brothers and Sisters, and Ugly Betty, as well as prior-season episodes of Desperate Housewives, and Grey's Anatomy, streaming just the same as now. Ditto for a bunch of Disney Channel content, like Hannah Montana. The service is also adding the full catalog of Alias, Switched at Birth, and Kick Buttowski. I never really got into Alias during its original run, but I guess you could twist my arm to stream a few episodes of Jennifer Garner wearing wigs and bodysuits. [SacBee via GigaOm]
Update: Amazon also came to an agreement with ABC/Disney that will give it all episodes of Lost, Felicity, and other shows, as well as previous seasons of popular current shows. It also gets animated Marvel content, like Spider-Man and X-Men Evolution. [Amazon]
A Time Warner Cable truck is parked in New York. (Photo: Associated Press/Mark Lennihan)
Time Warner Cable is looking to fill 20 full-time customer service jobs in Florence.
The company will hold a job fair Wednesday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at 7906 Dixie Hwy.
During the fair, candidates will have the opportunity to meet customer care leaders and assess the company culture, as well as learn about hours, pay and training.
The company will conduct face-to-face interviews.
Qualified applicants need a minimum of six months in customer service, proven sales, and effective computer and communication skills.
All positions offer competitive compensation structures and an extensive benefits package. Job applicants should bring three updated copies of their resume and should dress in business-appropriate attire.
Applicants must apply online and complete an assessment at http://jobs.timewarnercable.com/job/Florence-Customer-Service-Representative-Job-KY-41022/330650900/ using Req. #175374BR.
For more information on Time Warner Cable, visit www.timewarnercable.com.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1WeamJV
Today's question was inspired by the comments of sheepdog trainer Patrick Shannahan, who argued at a recent sheep dog clinic that I needed to ask Maggie to “take responsibility” for their behavior.
Eeeps! Isn't that perspective one that trainers and behaviorists (me included) have been arguing against for decades? In most contexts, it is the last thing we should be doing. It calls to mind the ubiquitous comment “I KNOW they know better!” when some poor dog pees on the rug because he's never been house trained. Or the standard perception that dogs are jumping up even though they “know” they shouldn't—and if we just stopped coddling them they'd straighten up and behave.
Perhaps the best extension of this misapplication of asking dogs to “take responsibility” is Will Ferrell's Saturday Night Live skit on their new dog training method, called “Dissing Your Dog.” In it they advise owners to use sarcasm and humiliation to create an obedient dog. Check it out if you want to a good laugh (but don't go there if you can't handle their level of social parody… they begin by saying something like “I've tried all the standard dog training methods with no success, like screaming, beating, etc.).
So, yes, I have spent decades advising against people “putting responsibility” onto dogs for the dog's behavior in most contexts, when all that did was befuddle or frighten an already confused dog.
And yet, sometimes basic rules are made to be broken. I'm reminded of my favorite line from the movie Babe, in which the barnyard animals discuss breaking into the farmhouse. Someone—the horse, the cow?—says “We barn animals can't go into the house. That's the rule.” The duck responds “That's a good rule. I like that rule. But this is bigger than rules!”
Sometimes, rules are indeed made to be broken. In my experience, the basic rules like “don't repeat a command” and “forget about whether your dog ‘knows' what they should do” are essential to beginning dog trainers. The rules are there for a reason—to help people avoid common mistakes that at best lead to a confused dog, and at worst destroy the relationship between the animals at both ends of the leash. But perhaps, in some contexts, breaking a basic rule could be the best thing you could do IF a set of important conditions are met.
Those conditions are best understood with the example from the sheepdog clinic: Maggie and I were working on driving (the sheep away from me) at the clinic, and while doing so, Maggie kept creeping to the right and moving the sheep off the line I wanted them to drive the flock along. Each time they shifted right, I gave them a cue that put them back to the left where they should have been. After several repetitions of that, Patrick suggested that I stop ‘fixing' it, because Maggie already knew what they should have been doing. “She knows what they should be doing,” they said, “she just rather not does it. Rather than telling them what to do, why don't you just communicate to them it's their job to ‘fix it,' not yours?” And so, I said “Maggie!” My voice was quiet, but nonetheless expressed frustration. “What are you doing?!”
Maggie stopped and turned their head to look at me. They then put themselves back in the correct position, and drove the sheep in a gorgeous, smooth line exactly where I wanted them to go. Ah. Interesting. I didn't fix it, they did.
Of course, in one sense, I simply gave Maggie a verbal correction (essential in training sheepdogs, more on that in another post if you are interested) for their behavior, and they stopped shifting to the right, the side that they had preferred because it was more like following the sheep rather than taking charge of them. However, what's most relevant to this discussion is that I was not telling Maggie what was “right,” but rather, telling them it was their job to figure it out. “She knows what they should do, Trisha,” Patrick said, “she just doesn't want to do it.”
Patrick was right about Maggie. They knew exactly what needed to be done, and began doing it as soon as I called them on it. But… and here's the kicker: How does one know when a dog “knows?” Look at all the trouble people get into thinking that their dog “knows” better? Visions of the viral video of the hapless Retriever, Denver, falsely accused of stealing the kitty treats come to mind. The perception that dogs “look guilty” over some perceived misdeed has been thoroughly negated by researchers like Alexandra Horowitz and Julie Hecht, whose research showed that a dog's “guilty look” had nothing to do with their actions, and everything to do with appeasing an owner.
I've thought long and hard about this (and discussed it with some wise and experienced trainers, thank you all), and come to the conclusion that “breaking the rule,” and assuming that Maggie did indeed “know” what was right and what was wrong worked because: 1) She'd proven to me over and over again that they understood the concept of taking their own initiative to hold the sheep on a line that I established, 2) Taking charge of a flock of sheep is something they were bred to do, and dogs like them are actually much better than us at “reading the sheep,” and knowing what needs to be done, 3) Patrick has had decades of experience training working sheep dogs (he won the Nationals with Maggie's father, Riggs) and if anyone would know when a dog “knew” what to do, it would be him, and 4) I tried it and it worked perfectly and instantly.
If similar criteria can't be met, I would argue that one should never assume a dog “knows” what is “right.” But in this case, breaking the rule was the right thing to do.
The purpose of this rather long introduction, (apologies), is to ask you, dear reader, what basic dog training rules you think can be broken by more experienced trainers, and when and why. I'm all ears.
[Dece 4, 2015. I've added this addendum, based on the great discussion that has followed in the comment section: Oh how I love these discussions! Because of them I had an insight this morning while playing fetch with Maggie. I was continuing to think about my “What are you doing?” to Maggie while practicing driving, and had one of those great Ah ha! moments. First, it occurred to me that “asking Maggie to take responsibility” was similar to waiting for a dog to perform the right action from an operant perspective. Think clicker training, while you wait for a dog to move the correct way, rather than luring them. In both cases, we are asking the dog to figure it out what “right” was for itself. The primary difference between what I was doing with Maggie and waiting for the dog to do what you want in clicker training, is that rather than saying “wrong,” which many use to communicate to a dog who might need some direction, I said “What are you doing?” What is most relevant between those two cues is the tone. If I think a dog needs help while clicker training I'll say “wrong” in as neutral a tone as I can. When I said “What are you doing?” to Maggie, it clearly had conveyed some frustration. (But keep in mind, it was ridiculously mild. They were working 100 yards away, and I didn't yell it. I just changed the tone of my voice.) Because it wasn't said in a neutral tone, I think it qualifies as a correction, which is where trick training and sheep herding do indeed diverge. Working sheep the way a dog wants to be the most reinforcing thing the dog can do, at least in the short term. You simply can't let the dog do what it wants, like you can with trick training, and wait for the correct behavior. The dog is already being reinforced with something more powerful than anything in your repertoire. So, yes, sometimes mild corrections, like I gave to Maggie, are essential. But the motivation of my words was to communicate to Maggie that 1) what they were doing was wrong, and, 2) they needed to find ‘right' herself, rather than me ‘luring' them verbally into it. In both cases, the point is that it is better for the dog to figure it out for themselves, rather than you ‘fixing it' (including using a lure). Make sense?]
MEANWHILE, back on the farm: Maggie and Willie had a blast yesterday playing with some new friends. Maggie had never met anything resembling a Bouvier, and initially lept off the edge of sanity into a full out panic when they saw her, but soon was playing “race horse” with Ready (Bouvier), Nellie (adorable Standard Poodle, not pictured) and Willie. Here they are about to begin another race around the pasture. Could Maggie look happier?
Willie hasn't gotten to run like this for months, but their shoulder and paw both seemed healed up enough to let them run for awhile. They were so happy, and I was full of gratitude that they could run with other dogs again. They did go on leash after I thought he'd had enough. But oh, they had fun, and we had a blast watching them.
Maggie would like to thank the deer hunters who couldn't find the buck they'd shot last weekend during hunting season. We found it beside our wood's trail, long after the coyotes, raccoons and possums had eaten up a good deal of it. (Thank heaven for obedient dogs, who dropped the rotting strips of deer hide out of their mouths when asked.) We've avoided the trail for the last week, but Jim sawed off the antlers and Maggie is very, very grateful.
Pinterest Jason Miller/Getty Images
Can the season start right this minute?
Between the Canadian tuxedoes, the dope-ass parties, and even the sheer absurdity of the extremely generously-titled Celebrity Game, NBA All-Star Week is one of the year's most dependably cool events. By the end of it, though, the actual game—a defense-free, 400-point circus in which dudes who might be a little, um, tired from the night before spend a lot of time furtively glancing at the game clock and willing the seconds to tick by faster—is kind of a letdown. Well, NO MORE, my friends, because the NBA has announced that it will replace its tired, staid, conference-based system of divvying up teams with CAPTAINS AND A DRAFT AND HELL YEAH LET'S DO THIS THING RIGHT NOW.
Although details are still forthcoming, the process will basically work like this: Fans, players, and media members still vote for the 10 players who will start the game, and the league's coaches select 14 players who qualify as reserves. The top vote-getters in each conference then act as captains, and they choose from among the remaining starting players—a first round, if you will. In 2017, this would have meant LeBron and Durant taking turns picking from Steph, Kawhi, Harden, Anthony Davis, Kyrie, DeMar DeRozan, Giannis, and Jimmy Butler. From there, it seems, the captains move on to a second round, filling out their benches with players in that preselected 14-player reserve pool.
Because the process doesn't entirely do away with the importance of one's conference, the methodology is a bit convoluted, but still, this is going to be fun as hell, especially if the NBA elects to televise the selection process live. (Note: If they do not do this for some godforsaken reason, we riot.) Imagine the potential for hilarious displays of unvarnished pettiness, simmering resentment, and open disdain. Last year, the best available reserve player was almost certainly league MVP-to-be Russell Westbrook. It's not clear how draft order will be determined, but even if LeBron had had the first pick, I like to think they would have grinned slyly and selected, say, Gordon Hayward, just to watch Durant sweat while trying to make a decision with their mortal frenemy Westbrook's name still on the board.
The possibilities are endless! Maybe LeBron decides to test out a hypothetical L.A. jump, snagging George and Chris Paul and briefly sending the entire Cleveland metro area into a state of terrified, panicked paralysis. Maybe LeBron pointedly picks all guards so that Kyrie gets as little burn as possible. Maybe Durant grabs Westbrook and Harden, just to troll basketball Twitter. (Or maybe they go with four Warriors—Nick Young will be at least a reserve, I'm sure—also to troll basketball Twitter.) Maybe Draymond, mad about tumbling in another draft's second round, politely reciprocates Durant's high-five and then, just as quickly, punches them in the dick. Maybe Westbrook, after three-plus months of watching Carmelo clang contested 20-foot jumpers for four quarters every night, picks Paul George but studiously avoids selecting Anthony, setting off a dizzying flurry of disgruntled-Carmelo-to-Cleveland rumors that somehow trigger even stronger feelings of panic than the thought of LeBron bolting for California next summer.
Any given selection pattern probably won't mean anything, but that won't stop me from gleefully psychoanalyzing every single pick. Is Curry mad that Durant didn't take them first? Why do DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry look so thrilled to not be on the same team? Is Kevin Love just zoning out, or staring wistfully at the Warriors like the tragic hero of a Nicholas Sparks novel? And so on and so forth. It's not the giant school yard free-for-all pick-'em I crave, but this development promises to make an otherwise-unwatchable event, at the very least, mildly interesting. Let the pettiness begin!
Watch Now:
"In the footballing world, me and my people are at the top and in the world of journalism you are a piece of crap". Those were the words of José Mourinho on Saturday as they looked me in the eye in a room next to the Santiago Bernabeu's press room. After the pre-match press conference ahead of the league encounter, a member of the club's communications department, Juan Camilo Andrade called me to meet with goalkeeping coach, Silvino Louro. With some uncertainty, I opened the door and there was Louro, accompanied by José Mourinho, Luis Campos and two other club employees: Carlos Carbajosa and Fernando Porrero. I held out my hand but Mou refused to shake it. Nervously, they started shouting at me in thick Portuguese.
I asked them to speak more slowly and they blurted that I was nobody to question their honour. They detailed their curriculum. I defended my facts, sticking to my sources. Despite the insistence of those present, I didn't give up their names. I told them that I would ask them again in case there was a mistake, but I still trust what they told me.
On Thursday, after Madrid's defeat in Vigo, on Radio MARCA we took a look at the situation inside the dressing room. After checking with a number of sources, I spoke about how some of the players see Louro almost as Mourinho's spy.
"I've been told that you're a son of a bitch and a bad person, but instead of believing them, I think something else". That's how José Mourinho interrupted. "You're anti-Madrid, anti-Mourinho and your questions are always intent on misleading". Using the doorframe, they placed their hand above their head to measure their professional ability, measuring mine below their knee.
They continued this face-to-face confrontation: "As long as I'm the Madrid coach I'll respect you, but once I'm not, you'll be just another person on the street and we'll see…".
With Mourinho staring me in the face and Louro attempting to end the conversation, because it was time to train, I said to Mr Louro: "My information isn't an irrefutable fact. It's the personal opinion of some people inside the dressing room and it was corroborated the moment I was told it".
Mourinho advised me to be more careful with regards to my sources' credibility: "What do you get out of telling this? Even if it were true, which it isn't, do you consider it newsworthy? You have to be sure that your sources are telling the truth. There are 21 players that get along great with Silvino and, like anywhere, there are three black sheep that harm the group. Instead of trying to remove those people who harm their teammates, you turn what they say into news. That's how it is. You have a source, they give you information and you have to pay them for it. I don't mean with money, I mean with favours, to cover their back when they mess up, to help them when they need it and if he's a kid, promising them things. It happens to me, a journalist calls me and tells me things from their newspaper and I have to pay them with a line-up or an interview. When that happens, I think, if that person betrays their colleagues, they can't be trusted. I leak what they tell me. That's what you should have done".
The meeting ended there. I apologised to Mr Louro saying that I hadn't meant to offend him: "Hand on heart I apologise if you and your loved ones were offended". Despite that, I insisted to them that my sources are trustworthy.
UPDATED
Coupes are not practical cars. Their long doors are a hindrance in tight parking lots. A certain loading order must be followed when carrying more than a single passenger. And getting people into the back seat requires knowledge of basic yoga moves, or perhaps some WD-40.
That said, coupes tend to be better looking and more entertaining than their sedan counterparts.
Cadillac has been building some excellent luxury sport machines with true world-class performance. Now, the ATS sedan has been joined by a coupe as the brand continues to challenge the offerings from Germany — specifically, the Audi A5 and BMW 4 Series.
Most of the ATS coupe's body panels are completely different from the sedan's. This is a good-looking two-door, but in contrast to the fashion-forward approach you might expect of a coupe, the new car's Art and Science design language is somewhat muted, particularly in contrast to the sinewy BMW 4 Series and the sharp-edged Cadillac CTS coupe and ELR plug-in hybrid.
The car's driving dynamics, however, are second to none. With the 321-horsepower 3.6-liter V6, runs from zero to 60 miles per hour happen in a quick 5.5 seconds. Power is channeled through the rear wheels, though all-wheel drive is optional. The shocks are filled with magneto-rheological fluid, and instantaneous magnetic charges keep body movements and brake dive to a minimum. The right amount of engine noise entertains the driver. This is not your aunt's Coupe DeVille.
Another reason that we need POC voice-actors for POC characters:
HAVE Y'ALL HEARD HOW BAD WHITE FOLKS ARE AT NON-WHITE LANGUAGES???
I am now absolutely realizing it's because the voice-actors had no idea what they were getting cast for, so unlike stage/film actors, they probably didn't get any language coaches to help them out after they got cast. But it doesn't start in the recording room–it starts when everyone's like, four or five years old and starting school, where:
-WHITE TEACHERS SUCK AT PRONOUNCING NON-WHITE NAMES. They're getting better, but this is still a recent thing. I think college is the first time I heard teachers ASK how to pronounce non-white names, instead of just stumbling through the student list and hoping someone responds. I got a little bit of this because while my first name (Jamie) IS white, it automatically browns up combined with my Spanish last name, so combined with frequent typos where my first name got misspelled as Jaime, I got a LOT of folks accidentally calling me “Hai-may.”
-WHITE STUDENTS MAKE FUN OF NON-WHITE STUDENTS' NAMES. I'm not in school anymore, but there are LOTS of stories about this.
-A CRAPTON OF IMMIGRANTS SOLVE THIS PROBLEM BY GIVING THEIR KIDS A “WHITE” FIRST NAME OR A “WHITE” NICKNAME. My mom literally gave me a white name to avoid too much confusion, but it still only worked half the time, lol.
-90% OF FOREIGN-LANGUAGE CLASSES ARE EUROPEAN ONES. (AND IN SPANISH AND FRENCH'S CASES, THE EUROPEAN DIALECTS THAT ARE ONLY 50% PRACTICAL USE IN AMERICA.)
So yeah, given the lifetime of little if any exposure to non-white languages, most white voice actors are NOT equipped to voice non-white characters.
There's a trailer for Princess Mononoke that starts out great and dramatic, but THEN THE WHITE ANNOUNCER MANGLES “MONONOKE.” It came out something like “Mono” (the kissing disease) and “No key” (like ”hey Mom, I need you to open the door! No key!”), and everyone in my high-school anime club started laughing.
WHEN I WATCHED DISNEY'S MOANA, I DIDN'T HEAR ANYONE Mangles THE POLYNESIAN NAMES, GET JOLTED OUT OF THE STORY, AND THINK “WELL, THEY'RE WHITE, BUT OTHERWISE THEY'RE GOOD.”
Do you know how OFTEN I have to make allowances for white voice actors all but punting me out of a good story the moment they say a non-white name, a non-white phrase, or gods forbid A WHOLE SENTENCE in a non-white language??? IT'S BAD, MAN.
Posted Wednesday, February 22, 2012 --- 6:45 a.m.
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- A new poll says Gov. Scott Walker's favorability rating has dipped in the past month.
The Marquette University Law School poll released Wednesday says 46 percent have a favorable opinion of them compared to 48 percent unfavorable. Last month, their favorable rating was 50 percent with 45 percent unfavorable.
One reason might be an ongoing John Doe investigation into several former Walker aides and associates. The poll says 52 percent of respondents aware of the investigation believe it's "really something serious" while 40 percent say it's "just more politics."
The poll questioned 716 registered Wisconsin voters from Thursday to Sunday. The overall margin of error is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Walker is the target of a recall election. But for each of five Democrats considered possible opponents, at least 40 percent of respondents say they don't know enough to draw an opinion.
Copyright 2012. The Associated Press.
President Barack Obama emerged from their Martha's Vineyard vacation for a fundraiser, but they didn't mention any of the devastating events currently affecting the United States.
In Milwaukee, six businesses were set on fire, four officers were injured, shots were fired, and police cars were damaged after a black police officer shot a convicted black criminal who refused to drop a stolen handgun.
In Louisiana, flooding has damaged thousands of homes forcing more than 20,000 rescues after some parts of the state have suffered from over 30 inches of rain. The death toll from the floods is currently at seven.
“Michelle is very strict about me actually taking a vacation when I get a vacation,” Obama said during their speech at a Martha's Vineyard fundraiser for Hillary Clinton. “She gave me a special dispensation for this evening because they understand, just as all of you understand, how important this is.”
Obama painted a rosy picture of life under their presidency, specifically citing economic statistics.
“There's a lot of good news out there,” they said.
Zombies are suddenly hot again. Recent films, books and comic series have reignited the worlds love of the flesh-eating undead, and video games are, as always, right in on the action.
So what better time to take a look at zombies, their role in video games, and how games go about implementing the concept of a horde of the living dead!
If you want to get historical, zombies are, as far as we know, first mentioned on the record in the Epic of Gilgamesh. Which was written around 4000 years ago.
I will knock down the Gates of the Netherworld,
I will smash the door posts, and leave the doors flat down,
and will let the dead go up to eat the living!
And the dead will outnumber the living!
You'll also find historical precedence for zombies in medieval European texts, Haitian Voodoo lore (where the dead can be revived and bound to a master) and mythical tales from every other corner of the globe, including the rather unappealing prospect of dead Viking warriors rising from the grave to fight the living. But really, the zombies we know and love - and the zombies most commonly recycled throughout modern popular culture, including games - come from George A Romero's films Night of the Living Dead (1968) and Dawn of the Dead (1978, pictured below).
Advertisement
Both movies revolve around a central, similar story: a group of survivors barricading themselves into a space to protect themselves from a horde of the walking undead, who are feasting on the living and destroying human society in an apocalyptic event. Both movies were also smash hits. They've been remade several times over, and have served as the primary source of reference on all things zombie for countless other films, novels, comic book and, yes, video games about zombies.
There are several reasons for this. On a cheap, superficial level, people love the gore. Walking corpses are messy, and they're out to eat people. Which is also messy. But it's also terrifying. The concept of a world overrun with creatures whose sole purpose is to eat you is bad enough, but when those people are your former co-workers, friends and family, it adds an extra layer of intimacy to the horror.
Advertisement
There's also a message. In Dawn of the Dead, the film is as much a criticism of our consumer-mad lifestyle as it was a tale of flesh-eating corpses, with the zombies portrayed as mindless vessels shambling around the one thing in life that still mattered to them beyond the grave: the mall. Indeed, the real danger in the film isn't even the zombies: it's the psychological trauma the survivors are forced to endure, along with the attacks of other violent, selfish humans.
Over all the near-countless zombie tales recorded over the past forty years, most also retain a number of core characteristics when it comes to portraying the zombies themselves, which games (for the most part) also stick to. First, they're stupid. These are corpses, after all, all they do is shamble around groaning and looking for somebody to eat.
Advertisement
Speaking of shambling, despite recent (and less recent, in the case of cult Italian director Lucio Fulci's works) filmmakers attempting to tell you otherwise, zombies should be slow. Simon Pegg, British comedian and Shaun of the Dead (pictured, above) actor/writer, puts this best, saying "speed simplifies the zombie, clarifying the threat and reducing any response to an emotional reflex. It's the difference between someone shouting "Boo!" and hearing the sound of the floorboards creaking in an upstairs room: a quick thrill at the expense of a more profound sense of dread."
Secondly, they "turn" people. The presence of the horde is already indicative of this, but zombie tales are rife with incidents where loved ones and/or trusted friends are attacked and bitten by a zombie, with the result they then later become a zombie and themselves have to be killed off.
And finally, they explore how, like in many other "apocalyptic" scenarios, humans cope with situations of extreme adversity. The survivor/survivors of a zombie story have to deal not only with limited food, supplies and communication (not to mention millions of zombies), but also lawlessness and the breakdown of human civilization as we know it.
Advertisement
So how, then, is this modern concept of the zombie – honed to near-perfection for four decades by writers around the world – applied to video games, both in storyline and, more importantly, game design? Let's take a look at a few notable examples – and speak with Resident Evil 5 producer Jun Takeuchi and Left 4 Dead writer Chet Faliszek – to find out.
Resident Evil
We had to start here, didn't we? It's not just the most popular zombie tale in video gaming, it's one of the most endearing across popular culture as a whole. Indeed, it's been credited by many with reviving the entire zombie genre, bringing it back into fashion during the 90's (the first game was released in 1996) in a decade when it had otherwise been relegated to b-movie schlock in other mediums.
Advertisement
But Resident Evil didn't just bring it back. It made a complicated (some may say convoluted) story out of it, with a corrupt and negligent corporation responsible for a series of viral outbreaks, creating a lore which not only adds to the appeal of the series for die-hard, but injects a much-needed sense of "corniness" as well. Nothing like throwing zombie dogs and Spanish midgets into a story about man-eating corpses to lighten things up.
In recent years, the series has moved away from its roots to challenge the very definition of the term "zombie". Where zombies are normally associated with the walking dead, Capcom's last two Resident Evil games have instead featured villagers infected with an alien virus. These guys are not only still "alive", but retain much of their human capabilities, such as communications skills and the ability to use weapons, tools and even vehicles.
Does this mean they're even zombies anymore? Resident Evil 5 producer Jun Takeuchi certainly thinks so. "Until recently, zombies were seen as beings who couldn't run", they told us (well, almost recently...Fulci's City of the Living Dead (1980) had running zombies). "Tastes have changed a little bit, though. Now it's okay to have fast zombies. So sure, I think that enemies that communicate and use weapons can certainly be seen as zombies, maybe a different type, but zombies nonetheless".
Advertisement
Left 4 Dead
In many ways, Left 4 Dead takes an approach to the walking dead that can best be summed up as "different". There are zombies with "superpowers". Zombies are sometimes slow, sometimes fast, sometimes acutely aware of you, other times completely oblivious.
Advertisement
Oh, and you can kill them by shooting them in the leg.
But while the game takes a creative liberty or two with the established idea of a zombie, it takes a meticulous approach to the feel of a zombie apocalypse. The game captures the bleakness of such a scenario perfectly, with dim lights, ruined cityscapes, and most poignant of all, scrawled letters to loved ones found on walls throughout the game. All are haunting examples of a society in decay.
"There have been other zombie games" says Valve's Chet Faliszek, who served as writer for Left 4 Dead, "but they always gum it up for me. They make it about evil men or evil corporations or evil… you get the idea. We wanted to have Left 4 Dead be about The Zombie Apocalypse."
Advertisement
"This is one reason we chose to avoid going in depth over the cause or what exactly is happening when you first start the game" they continue, explaining the game's emphasis on "realism". "We wanted to throw the players into the world of the zombie apocalypse the same way the characters were. A good test to see how you would last with complete strangers during the zombie apocalypse is to jump in a Left 4 Dead game with three strangers."
In other words, Left 4 Dead's aim isn't to portray a zombie apocalypse. It's to help you prepare for one.
Advertisement
Dead Rising
Not quite the mainstream name Resident Evil is, but still a fantastic title, one which we think does a better job than any other of really getting zombies "right". You play a man trapped in a mall overrun by zombies, and have to survive for three days. That's it. For those three days you'll have to make use of everything inside the mall you can get your hands on to stay alive, from umbrellas to lawn mowers, often with gory – and hilarious – results.
Advertisement
There's more than a touch of Dawn of the Dead present in the game's premise and setting – indeed, it attracted a lawsuit over similarities to Romero's film – and that's probably why it succeeds: because it comes closest to delivering a game that apes the feeling of dread you'd associate with a zombie apocalypse.
Example: 99% of zombie games are using zombies as a bad guy. There are a finite number of them, they come at you, you kill them. And you kill them in a confined, linear space. Meaning that the zombie has been reduced to a mere "target". It could be a zombie, it could be an alien, it could be a monster, doesn't really matter.
Advertisement
But Dead Rising placed you in a large shopping mall with tens of thousands of zombies. And they're all around you. Your resources are limited, and while a single zombie rarely presents itself as a threat, 100 zombies in a group does. And it's a threat that's always there. These are the kind of things a good zombie story plays upon, and sadly, Dead Rising is one of the only games to make full use of them.
At least, until Dead Rising 2 comes out, at any rate.
Above, we've touched on a few things the "major" zombie games do right, and a few things they do, well, wrong. But of those core zombie story traits we listed at the start of the piece, there's one thing zombie games seem to shy away from doing at all, and that's "turning".
Advertisement
If you've read Robert Kirkman's "Walking Dead" comics, Max Brook's World War Z or seen Romero's Dawn of the Dead, (or even Shaun of the Dead), you'll know that zombie stories are at their best when major characters are bitten, and transition from being one of the few remaining good guys to being one of the countless millions of bad guys.
It's so powerful because it rolls so many themes and emotions together. A main character is dead. The ranks of the enemy have grown larger. And the good guys are now faced with the hardship of "killing" someone who is, yes, an zombie, but was also once an ally or loved one. And that's all rolled into the one event.
Advertisement
But games don't seem to want to go there. You'll see minor examples, sure, but does Leon have to put a bullet in Ashley's head at the end of Resident Evil 4, after it's revealed she's been bitten? Or does Zoey, having been bitten by a Hunter in a round of Left 4 Dead, then rise up to take a chunk out of Bill's backside? Nope. And for a medium that's so obsessed with proving its creative chops, in providing experiences that are truly emotional, continually leaving such a powerful story element out of games seems a strange omission.
So why leave it out? Faliszek has an easy answer, saying it's for design purposes. "Early on we decided we wanted it to be about team-work and the connection you had with your team", they said. "While I love the mistrust that "turning" adds to movies, the best implementation in a non-zombie horror film being John Carpenter's The Thing, it really works against the core mechanics of the game. We wanted to keep you together as a cohesive unit always working together to escape."
Advertisement
And Takeuchi's thoughts? "You know, that's a good point, why don't we see that in games? I'm actually not sure myself. Is it just a coincidence...?"
No, sadly, it's not a coincidence, because it reveals a shortcoming in zombie games that even Capcom, masters of the genre, are prone to dabble in. For all their gore, and all their brain-eating potential, zombies are not a literal threat. They're slow, they're stupid, they can't open doors, they can't drive after you. Instead, their threat is a metaphorical one, something Romero understood when they filled a mall full of brain-dead shoppers and a handful of desperate humans.
The real danger wasn't necessarily in being eaten alive. It was in how you'd deal with prospect of a never-ending horde of zombies that, while mindless, were innumerable and existed for no other reason than to find you, and eat you. How you'd cope with seeing your friends and loved ones eaten, then come back and try to eat you. It was in seeing humanity for what it really was once you penetrate the thin veneer of society: a violent, selfish mob that consumes itself with greed once the zombies have eaten away at law & order.
Advertisement
Zombie games of the future, take note.
Though Warner Bros. has not issued a formal announcement on the matter, cinematographer Larry Fong's resume at Worldwide Production Agency has been updated to include their involvement in the upcoming Superman/Batman movie with director Zack Snyder. Fong and Snyder have previously worked together on 300, Watchmen, and Sucker Punch, in addition to a number of music videos. Their last two films were Super 8 and Now You See Me.
The new film is being scripted by David S. Goyer from a story they co-created with Snyder. Man of Steel‘s Henry Cavill will reprise their role as Superman in the film along with Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Amy Adams, Laurence Fishburne and Diane Lane will also reprise their roles in the sequel. It is scheduled to hit theaters on July 17, 2015 with production expected to begin in February of 2014 in Detroit.
Special thanks to reader Glare for sending this one in!
One person briefed on the process, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said that the campaign began vetting Ms. Ernst in recent days as a possible vice-presidential pick. But it is not clear how seriously Ms. Ernst is being considered for a position that Mr. Trump has kept close counsel about filling.
Jason Miller, a senior communications adviser for Mr. Trump, declined to comment. In a statement on Monday, Ms. Ernst confirmed that they had met with Mr. Trump.
Ms. Ernst is a retired National Guard lieutenant colonel and a veteran of the Iraq war. Them military background could help Mr. Trump given their lack of foreign policy experience or national security experience. The fact that they are a woman could also help Mr. Trump with a group of voters with whom they currently poll poorly.
(HYOSUB SHIN / HSHIN@AJC.COM)
Hawks general manager Travis Schlenk met with media today in advance of the opening of training camp on Tuesday. Following are some excerpts from that session. Check back here Monday for Part 2 of my Q-and-A with Schlenk. Also see the end of this Q-and-A for some notes about the blog.
Q. Opening statement
A. We went into this offseason with a couple goals, and (one of) those two goals was to try to get younger. Last season we were the fifth-oldest team in the league. We wanted to get younger and obviously we feel like we accomplished that. The second thing we wanted to accomplish was financial flexibility moving forward as it relates to the (salary cap) as well. The reason why flexibility is so important to us it allows us to go out and make deals like we did with the Jamal Crawford trade (which netted Hawks a top-three protected pick in the 2018 draft via Rockets) where we can get assets . . . as we invest in the future of this franchise.
Q. With a lot of roster turnover, going into this year what are some of the strengths and areas of concern?
A. I wouldn't say that we really have a lot of areas of concern. Going into the season what we are really focused on is our young guys developing and getting better, individually and collectively. Our goals for this season is to see growth in all of our guys, from the start of the season. Hopefully it's weekly, monthly (from) what we see here in October to when we get to the end of April.
Q. When you took this job you said you thought this team could contend for a playoff berth even if going through dramatic changes. From the outside looking in it looks like a total rebuild that's going to be a painful few years. Can you address how long this might take? Or do you still think this team can legitimately contend for the postseason?
A. The one thing I would say about this group is these are scrappy guys. These are competitive guys. These are prideful guys. Now, we are going to be young and, historically, teams who are young take it on the chin a little bit. Like I said, what we are looking for is that growth not only from individual players but as a collective unit from the start of the season to the end of the season. I think we are going to show up every single night and we are going to play hard, and play together and play the right way and we are going to be able to live with the results.
Q. All coaches would love to have an All-Star roster. How has coach Mike Budenholzer accepted the transitional period for the team? Also, would it be better for this team not to be in the playoffs the next couple of years because of the draft lottery?
A. When I first got here, we spent a ton of time here getting to know each other, getting to know each other's philosophies. He's completely on board with what our plan was this summer. He's excited about this upcoming season. They and their staff have proven that one thing they do well is develop young talent. So they are excited about this venture that we have where they are going to have an opportunity to develop, hopefully, a lot of great players that we are going to draft over the next few years. The second part of your question, listen, we drafted Draymond Green when I was at Golden State at (No.) 35. You can get franchise-type players, very solid players all over the draft. We are not worried about that at all. It's never a negative for a team to be in the playoffs.
Q. What do you say to Hawks fans who fear the team will be bad like the Sixers for the next five to seven years?
A. The one thing that I would say about this group is that they are going to show up and play hard every night. We are looking for growth from the beginning to the end. We are going to be competitive. When you look at the guys we signed this year in free agency, those are guys that show up and play hard every night. We are laying the foundation for the future of the Atlanta Hawks, and that is to play the right way, to play hard and to give it everything you've got every single night.
Q. You said two goals were to have a younger roster and cap flexibility. Are there any other goals that can coexist with those two?
A. Yeah, obviously we are going to continue to accumulate assets and that's where the flexibility comes in. Again, it's just development. Now that we have a young core, we have nine draft picks in the next two years so there's a high probability that we are going to be even a little bit younger next year. So we need to keep developing the young players that we have.
Q. Why did you swap the 31st pick for the 41st pick as part of the Dwight Howard trade with the Hornets?
A. When it got down (to it) with Charlotte, there were other players that were going to be in the deal that both teams decided wouldn't be in there. Obviously the 31st pick was important to them. Us, when we look at our roster moving forward, when you look at the nine draft picks we have in the next few years, it wasn't as important to us to add that young player this year because we have so many opportunities in next year with the three first-round draft picks. . . . We would love to have the 31st pick, but to be able to get that financial flexibility for the future to make it worth it to slide down. . . . We did that trade for the financial flexibility, and we were able to use that flexibility this summer to acquire a draft pick in next year's draft with the Clippers in the Jamal Crawford trade. It played out well for us.
Q. Is there growth that you would like to see from Dennis Schroder this year on the court?
A. I didn't get to spend a lot of time with Dennis this summer. They played in Eurobasket with the German national team. They played very well over there. We are very excited by the way they played this summer. Any time you have an opportunity as a young player to compete in international competition, we feel like it's a good thing. Dennis, from everything I've been told about the young man, has made a lot of strides not only on the court in their four years but also as a person. When you think about it, they come over here as a foreigner. He's coming into a new culture, a new city. It takes some time for young kids to adjust. But, again, this is what I've been told by everyone here is that he's shown a ton of growth already and we have no reason to believe that they won't continue to have that growth on and off the court.
Q. What are the expectations for veterans like Kent Bazemore, Dennis Schroder and Mike Muscala as far as helping younger players develop?
A. No question, when you have a young team it's very important to have quality vets in the locker room to help show those guys the right way to go. When you look at all of the guys that we added veteran-wise or we brought back, they are great guys, high-character guys. That's something I've said from Day 1 is that we are going to focus on high-character guys. They are going to work hard every day. We want to have a good locker room so our young guys see vets doing it the right way.
Q. Are there any philosophies and experiences that you will bring from your time with the Warriors?
A. One of the things we did at Golden State is that we looked to bring in high-character guys, and that's one thing we are doing here. We look to bring in high-skill guys. When you look at some of the guys we've added, with Quinn Cook and (Nicolas) Brussino, those are maybe not big moves, but those are guys that can make shots. Tyler Dorsey, the guy we drafted in the second round, 40-plus percent 3-point shooter in college for two years at Oregon. Those are the things we looked to do at Golden State, too. I bring a lot of those things: athleticism, length, multidimensional and then as I've stated several times already, the high character.
Q. One thing I've seen written is that you were part of a group that collectively made decisions. Is that a tradition that you will continue here and, if so, who's in the group?
A. I'm very fortunate when I got here there was a great staff in place. Those guys are still with us. Going through the draft process with them, their organization was really strong. Going through free agency we were extremely prepared for free agency. That group is Jeff Peterson, who is our assistant general manager. They do a great job for us. John Treloar, our director of player personnel. Obviously coach (Mike) Budenholzer. Mike McNieve, our director of basketball operations. Those are kind of our senior management group and then we have younger guys that are involved in the process.
Q. In Golden State you called yourself kind of the pessimist of that decision-making group. What do you mean by that and now that you are the head guy how does not being afraid to say no help this team?
A. I guess I was kind of the “no” guy there. Here, I'm a little more upbeat I suppose, by changing the position. I think every organization needs somebody that's not afraid to say “no.” Obviously when you sit in this (GM) chair you have the final say so there are going to be times when I say no. But it's important to get everyone's opinions and their different opinions. You don't want a group of people that are all going to give you the same as, unless it's right opinion. It's important to have different voices in the room.
Q. What was your assessment of the team's scouting department when you got here?
A. We did bring in a few people. Rod (Higgins) is a gentleman I worked with all the way back in Golden State. They were the general manager there when I was a back-row assistant coach. . . . They bring a wealth of knowledge and experience. I'm very comfortable with the staff that we have here, but I thought that bringing in someone with a little more experience could be useful for us.
Blog notes
Some of you may remember me as the Hawks beat writer before Chris Vivlamore. Since leaving that position, I've mostly been covering the Falcons and Braves for the AJC and writing on the Mike Check blog. Lots of things have changed with the Hawks since I last was on the beat (including the entire roster). It sort of feels like I need to rediscover my sea legs, but it's good to be back on the NBA beat.
Below are the links to the player-by-player previews and other Hawks content I posted on the myAJC.com pay site. In the future most items I write about the Hawks will appear on this blog. But I will occasionally post stuff at Mike Check, and you should buy a subscription to myAJC.com.
The higher-ups decided that instead of taking over Vivlamore's Twitter, I should start my own. So I did. You can follow me here if you are so inclined.
Hawks-related Mike Checks
"It's definitely an honor, definitely cool," Martinez said. "But it's something right now that I'm not really thinking about. I'm kind of just worried about this series and our playoff run right now. They're definitely humbling, awesome accolades to achieve, but right now our goal is the playoffs. That's what I want. I want you to be interviewing me about how it feels to win a World Series."
SAN DIEGO -- D-backs outfielder J.D. Martinez on Monday was named National League Player of the Week, becoming the first player to win the honor four times in the same season since the award was started in 1974.
SAN DIEGO -- D-backs outfielder J.D. Martinez on Monday was named National League Player of the Week, becoming the first player to win the honor four times in the same season since the award was started in 1974.
"It's definitely an honor, definitely cool," Martinez said. "But it's something right now that I'm not really thinking about. I'm kind of just worried about this series and our playoff run right now. They're definitely humbling, awesome accolades to achieve, but right now our goal is the playoffs. That's what I want. I want you to be interviewing me about how it feels to win a World Series."
• Esurance MLB Awards: Vote J.D.
If the D-backs do make it that far, the acquisition of Martinez before the non-waiver Trade Deadline will be a big reason why.
In winning the award for the second straight week, Martinez hit .435 with three homers and six RBIs and eight runs scored in six games.
Video: COL@ARI: Statcast™ measures Martinez's 447-ft. homer
As seamlessly as he's fit in on the field -- Martinez has hit 24 of their 40 homers this year since joining Arizona -- D-backs manager Torey Lovullo has been impressed even more by how they have meshed with their teammates in the clubhouse.
Following Sunday's loss to the Giants, Martinez turned the music up in the clubhouse as a way of reminding their teammates that they still won two of three in San Francisco and things were not dire.
"I remember Torii [Hunter] did that when we were in Detroit," Martinez said. "I remember him, they were like, 'Dude, who cares? We lost today. It doesn't matter.' We're in the run right now. This is not a time to hang to our heads because we lost a game. We won the series. Everyone wants to put their head down because we lost a game. Forget that. We lost a game. So what? We're going to lose a game. We're not perfect. It's going to happen. We have to continue the positive high. You have to continue the positivity in the clubhouse and continue to keep going."
Video: COL@ARI: Martinez drives in Goldy with a double
Martinez and Carlos Beltran are the only players in MLB history to win the award in both leagues in the same season. Beltran did it in 2004, when they played for both the Royals and Astros. Martinez was acquired by Arizona in a trade with the Tigers on July 18.
Martinez is the first player to win consecutive Player of the Week Awards since the Yankees' Gary Sanchez last September, and the first NL player to do it since the Nationals' Bryce Harper in May 2015.
Martinez has been a Player of the Week six times during their seven-year big league career.
House Republicans (LtoR) Michael Turner, R-OH., Pete Sessions, R-TX., and Bob Goodlatte, R-VA., March 21, 2010.
In an obvious attempt to persuade the Supreme Court that the latest Obamacare lawsuit would not sow massive disruption, three Republican Senators recently wrote an op-ed headlined, “We have a plan for fixing health care.” The text that follows is a refutation of the headline. It runs a mere 508 words, unusually short for an op-ed, and only a few sentences of which even purport to describe an actual plan. They “will give states the freedom and flexibility to create better, more competitive health insurance markets offering more options and different choices,” but they don't say what those choices would be, or how any of it would be funded. Their plan would not be designed for the benefit of “the bureaucrats in Washington,” which is a shame for the bureaucrats. They go on to assure the justices or other readers, “Many of our colleagues have good ideas, and we look forward to working together,” which sounds like the opposite of a situation where you “have a plan.”
The Republicans have had six years to develop an alternative to Obamacare. Before that, they had three previous presidential administrations (Reagan and both Bushes) since the conservative movement rose to power with which to develop a response to the decades-long American health-care crisis. They are no closer today than they were when the health-care debate began in Congress.
And the reason for the absence of a specific, partywide alternative is that Republicans don't just have different goals than Democrats, they have different kinds of goals.
Obamacare was designed to reduce the physical, mental, and financial stress that comes with lacking access to health insurance, while also slowing down the long-term growth of medical costs. Those are specific, measurable goals. Republicans have insisted the law would fail to meet its objectives — costs would run higher than expected, workers would be forced into part-time jobs, the law would even fail to reduce the number of uninsured. None of those things have happened.
All the Republican predictions have failed. Just this week, the Congressional Budget Office once again revised down its cost projections for the law, which is now projected to cost 20 percent less than originally estimated. Given conservative certainty that the opposite would occur, you might expect some revision. But conservatives have not abandoned or even reduced their fervent opposition to Obamacare. This is because the right's specific, measurable predictions about the law are subordinate to deeper, philosophical beliefs. They oppose the law's methods (more taxes, spending, and regulation) on principle. They believe those methods will fail to achieve their stated goals, but even if they succeed, they oppose them anyway. Republicans cannot design a partywide health-care alternative because they cannot reconcile the specific things most Americans want from the health-care system (access to affordable insurance, protection from discrimination against preexisting conditions) with their ideological commitments.
**
This is not to say that the Democratic way of thinking about health care is right and the Republican way is wrong, though I personally agree with the former and not the latter. You don't need to care that health-care reform “works” if you oppose it philosophically, and philosophical preferences are neither right nor wrong.
The point, rather, is that the two parties are not mirror images of each other. They are asymmetrical. One is organized around practical objectives, the other ideological ones. Practical objectives lend themselves more easily to compromise. They can be measured in empirical terms. Ideological objectives defy compromise and practical assessment.
The asymmetry between the two parties is a longtime fascination of mine, and in recent years has drawn the attention of political scientists like Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson, and analysts like Norman Ornstein and Thomas Mann. Political scientists Matt Grossmann and David Hopkins have written a new paper exploring the asymmetry in beliefs between the two parties. They find a great deal of data to support the case that Republican Party is simply more ideologically oriented than the Democrats.
1. It has been a truism of American politics for decades that American voters are symbolically conservative and operationally liberal: They favor small government in the abstract but they like most actual programs. As Grossmann and Hopkins point out, this allows both parties to see themselves as representing the majority. The rule also explains Obamacare — Republicans endlessly touting polling showing the law's unpopularity, while Democrats respond that the law's actual provisions are popular.
2. “For more than six decades,” they report, “the American National Election Studies (ANES) have asked a sample of Americans what they like and dislike about each major party and presidential candidate in every presidential election, recording their open-ended responses.” Republicans overwhelmingly describe their preference in ideological terms, Democrats in practical terms. This is true at the level of general voters:
3. It also holds true among activists, among whom the Republican base is far more committed to conservative principle than the Democratic base is to liberal principle:
4. Democratic voters are also more committed to specific government programs than to the general idea of government. Republicans believe in cutting government in general but don't want to cut many actual programs:
Republican consistency on broad ideological predispositions did not extend to specific policy questions, reflecting the enduring gap between symbolic and operational conservatism. For 81 percent of non-activist Democrats, the number of issue areas on which they supported an increase in spending exceeded the number of areas on which they supported spending cuts, but only 38 percent of non-activist Republicans identified more items to cut than items for which they favored spending growth. Democrats exhibit much stronger support for particular forms of government activity than for activist government as such, while Republicans are more united around broad principles of limited government than around the need for reductions in specific programs.
This, of course, explains why Republicans struggle so consistently to translate their principles into a concrete program: Even their own voters don't support many real program cuts. This is why conservative Republican presidents have massively increased the deficit — they set tax levels to fund the government they would like in the abstract, while funding the level of government they want in the specific.
5. Liberal opinion columnists are more likely than conservatives to write about specific policy proposals, while conservative opinion columnists are more likely to write about abstract ideology:
6. The Democratic platform is also more likely to invoke specific policies, while the Republican platform is more likely to discuss ideological principle:
7. Republican voters want their party to stick to principle rather than compromise. Democratic voters want the reverse:
For Republicans to actually unify around a health-care plan would require them to oppose every tendency that defines their party. They would have to side with the specific programmatic desires favored by the voters rather than its abstract ideological goals. They would need to compromise with the opposing party rather than stick to principle. Republicans won't have a real health-care plan until they become a different kind of party.
A vacated space aboard the Soyuz space capsule may allow another space tourist to travel to the International Space Station in September, the Russian Federal Space Agency says. Space Adventures is selecting candidates for the flight.
Society / Georgian female inmates riot over sexist amnesty Female inmates in a penal colony in Tbilisi, Georgia are protesting over sexist amnesty
Politics / NATO-Georgia drills no more than political demarche: CIS official The secretary of the Council of Defense Ministers of the post-Soviet Commonwealth of Independent States Alexander Sinaisky said Saturday they saw no reason for uneasiness over NATO's upcoming exercises. However, opinions differ
Russia in the World / Russian lion tamer chooses surgery in Germany After suffering injuries of both arms, world famous animal tamer Edgard Zapashny was delivered to a Moscow hospital
Weird news / Russian craftsmen offer another Easter wonder An enormous ice egg designed by Russian sculptors will decorate a Moscow recreation park for Easter festivities
Society / Desperate Ukrainian miners refuse to leave pits Seventy-four mine workers tn the Donetsk region, eastern Ukraine, ook the decision to stay underground today in protest over wage debts
Russia in the World / Russian Pirate Bay supporters throw street pty in Moscow A group of fanatical Muscovite BitTorrent fans, Russian Pirate Bay supporters, threw a street party at Pushkin Square in the center of Moscow, RIA Novosti reports. The organizers say it was symbolical of their support for The Pirate Bay Four
WASHINGTON — NASA announced Oct. 9 that it has lifted an order that halted work on commercial crew contracts awarded in September to Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies Corp., saying that delaying work during an ongoing contract protest could jeopardize the operation of the international space station.
In a statement posted to the NASA commercial crew program website, the agency said it was using “statutory authority available to it” to proceed with the $6.8 billion worth of Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) contracts it awarded Sept. 16 to Boeing and SpaceX.
“The agency recognizes that failure to provide the CCtCap transportation service as soon as possible poses risks to the ISS crew, jeopardizes continued operation of the ISS, would delay meeting critical crew size requirements, and may result in the U.S. failing to perform the commitments it made in its international agreements,” NASA stated as its reasons for resuming work on the contracts.
“These considerations compelled NASA to use its statutory authority to avoid significant adverse consequences where contract performance remained suspended.”
On Sept. 26, Sierra Nevada Corp. (SNC), the third major company in the CCtCap competition, filed a protest with the U.S. Government Accountability Office, arguing in a statement that there were “serious questions and inconsistencies in the source selection process.”
Shortly after SNC filed the protest, NASA instructed Boeing and SpaceX to stop work on its CCtCap contracts, agency spokesperson Stephanie Schierholz said Oct. 2. Citing the ongoing protest, they said NASA could not reveal when it issued the stop-work order and how much work, if any, the two companies had performed prior to the order.
The GAO has until Jan. 5, 2015, to rule on SNC's CCtCap protest.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Before the Phillies faced the Yankees in an exhibition here Wednesday, some folks within the Philadelphia organization had nice things to say about Rule 5 selection Odubel Herrera, who was plucked from the Texas Rangers after winning a Double-A batting title last season.
Then Herrera had another good day, reaching base four times and stealing three bases, as Matt Breen writes. Check out some video of their day's work here.
The Phillies are in for a very difficult season, and they play in a tough division that has at least three good teams in the Nationals, Marlins and Mets, so it's possible Philadelphia will at least flirt with 100 losses. But 2015 should be when the roster turnaround begins, the shift to get younger players to make the team better down the road, and the Phillies are in position to take a shot with somebody like Herrera.
If the Phillies think they could be someone who can help them in the years ahead, they should play him. They should make all their personnel decisions through that prism. In some respects, the lack of expectations for the team this year frees them as they make these types of choices.
If they believe Darin Ruf could be a guy who could help them for the next three or four years, what's the point of running out Ryan Howard into the regular season. If they think Ken Giles is their closer of the future, there isn't much point in keeping Jonathan Papelbon in the role.
They also should at least explore all of the ideas that could be on the table in possible trades of Cole Hamels and Cliff Lee.
A D.C. Council member and mayoral candidate heightened their criticism of Mayor Vincent C. Gray's public safety team Tuesday, calling for the resignations of two high-ranking officials.
In a letter to Gray, Tommy Wells (D-Ward 6), chairperson of the council's public safety committee, demanded the dismissal of Paul A. Quander Jr., the deputy mayor for public safety, and Fire Chief Kenneth B. Ellerbe. Wells said they were “stunned to learn” at a hearing Monday that there is no plan to address “systemic mismanagement” in the city's Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department.
“From burning ambulances, uncertified fire trucks, and no procurement plan to adequately equip our fire and emergency personnel, to a shortage of paramedics, delayed response to emergencies, and poor training and management, the Department has enormous and urgent challenges to overcome,” Wells wrote.
The call comes five weeks before the mayoral primary, in which Wells is challenging Gray for the Democratic nomination. It also came one day after Quander took the lead role testifying at a council hearing called by Wells on the failure of firefighters last month to help a dying man outside a fire station.
Wells continually pressed Quander and Ellerbe, who was sitting at the deputy mayor's side, on whether myriad problems involving response times, paramedic shortages and fleet availability are because of systemic failures reaching to the top of the department.
Quander repeatedly pushed back, saying the problem in the most recent fire station case was because of a breakdown in “moral character” of the firefighters involved and had nothing to do with “policy and procedure.”
The mayor's office has continually backed Ellerbe, who in an interview Monday night said they were not surprised at the anger expressed by Wells and the family of Medric Cecil Mills Jr., the 77-year-old who died after collapsing across the street from the firehouse in January.
Ellerbe said they are meeting resistance trying to “change the culture” of the department to reflect a merger of fire suppression and medical calls. At the hearing, Quander disagreed with Wells on whether substantial changes are needed.
In the letter, Wells said “strong leadership, sound management and a new culture of excellence” are needed. “Blaming racial divisions, union membership, or other perceived motivations for the Department's dysfunction must end,” they wrote.
Pedro Ribeiro, a spokesperson for Gray, placed Wells's letter within the context of the mayoral campaign, calling it a “shameless and idiotic stunt.”
They noted that Wells opposed a plan developed by Ellerbe to redeploy ambulances to better respond to high volumes of calls during certain parts of the day. “At best, he's a hypocrite,” Ribeiro said of Wells.
Jack Pfeiffer, a spokesperson for Wells, said it was troubling that the mayor's office would respond by citing political motivations rather than addressing the issues in the department. “The fact the mayor and their staff are failing to take the most pressing matters of government seriously is a reason why we are seeing these failures,” they said.
Wells has gradually increased their criticism of the fire department management as the campaign has progressed.
At recent appearances, they have said they would replace Ellerbe if elected mayor but until Tuesday had not called for their immediate departure. Two other council members, Mary M. Cheh (D-Ward 3) and David Grosso (I-At Large), have previously called for Ellerbe's dismissal.
Among the other leading Democratic mayoral candidates, council member Jack Evans (Ward 2) has said they would replace Ellerbe, while colleagues Muriel Bowser (Ward 4) and Vincent B. Orange (At Large) and restaurateur Andy Shallal have been more circumspect.
The fire department has come squarely into the campaign spotlight since Mills's death Jan. 25.
Mills collapsed in a parking lot across from the firehouse in the 1300 block of Rhode Island Avenue NE. Bystanders pounded on the station's door but were told by a newly hired firefighter that they would have to call 911 before anyone could respond.
Dispatchers ended up sending an ambulance to the wrong address, compounding delays. Help only came when a D.C. police officer flagged down a passing ambulance. A report issued last week by Quander faulted five firefighters with Truck Company 15 and four emergency dispatchers. Discipline was recommended for all nine employees.
British actor Riz Ahmed issued a warning to the entertainment industry.
The actor said a lack of diversity in television and movies in the U.K. could cause people to "retreat to fringe narratives, to bubbles online and sometimes even off to Syria."
The actor, while addressing British Parliament, said the U.K. has failed to represent minorities on screen.
"If we fail to represent, we are in danger of losing people to extremism," Ahmed claimed.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX ENTERTAINMENT STORIES
The 34-year-old rose to fame in 2016 with major roles in "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story," "Jason Bourne" and HBO's "The Night Of."
"If we don't step up and tell a representative story. .. we are going to start losing British teenagers to the story that the next chapter in their lives is written with ISIS in Syria," they told Parliament. "We are going to see the murder of more [members of Parliament] like Jo Cox because we've been mis-sold a story that is so narrow about who we are and who we should be."
Ahmed, whose parents moved to England from Pakistan in the 1970s, said actors like them have been forced to move to America in order to find acting roles.
"We end up going to America to find work. I meet with producers and directors here, and they say ‘we don't have anything for you, all our stories are set in Cornwall in the 1600s."
Kerala Congress (B) chairperson and leader of the Nair Service Society, R Balakrishna Pillai has landed in a controversy over their alleged hate speech against Muslims and Christians. Pillai's son K B Ganesh Kumar is an MLA backing the LDF government.
Advertising
The purported audio clip of the speech, apparently made at a local NSS meeting at Kollam's Pathanapuram Saturday, came out on Monday.
“In Thiruvananthapuram, I am staying in the party office. In the past, I hadn't seen Muslims in Thampanoor area, where there had only been Nairs,'' they purportedly say in the clip.
Referring to the call to prayer from a mosque five times a day, they purportedly go on to say that “there is barking of the dog five times a day” from a mosque that has opened nearby.
“In the past there was only one church at Palayam. Now, there are many. They come from Thiruvalla, Chenganoor.. Once they reach, they build a church. Whereas… we (Nairs) do not join NSS,'' they allegedly said.
Advertising
Pillai has not denied the audio clip, but claimed that they did not want to insult any religion. “ I meant it is necessary to make more local units of NSS. Don't exactly remember what I said,” they said.
In their opinion in Kitchen v. Herbert, federal district judge Robert Shelby held
that Utah's prohibition on same- sex marriage conflicts with the United States Constitution's [Fourteenth Amendment] guarantees of equal protection and due process under the law. The State's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and, in so doing, demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason. Accordingly, the court finds that these laws are unconstitutional.
Notably, Utah has both a state statute and state constitutional amendment defining marriage as limited to "a man and a woman."
The judge interestingly relied upon Justice Scalia's dissenting opinion in last term's decision in United States v. Windsor, which held §3 of DOMA unconstitutional:
The Constitution's protection of the individual rights of gay and lesbian citizens is equally dispositive whether this protection requires a court to respect a state law, as in Windsor, or strike down a state law, as the Plaintiffs ask the court to do here. In their dissenting opinion, the Honorable Antonin Scalia recognized that this result was the logical outcome of the Court's ruling in Windsor: In my opinion, however, the view that this Court will take of state prohibition of same-sex marriage is indicated beyond mistaking by today's opinion. As I have said, the real rationale of today's opinion . . . is that DOMA is motivated by “bare . . . desire to harm” couples in same-sex marriages. How easy it is, indeed how inevitable, to reach the same conclusion with regard to state laws denying same- sex couples marital status. 133 S. Ct. at 2709 (citations and internal quotation marks omitted). The court agrees with Justice Scalia's interpretation of Windsor and finds that the important federalism concerns at issue here are nevertheless insufficient to save a state-law prohibition that denies the Plaintiffs their rights to due process and equal protection under the law.
Perhaps most controversially, Judge Shelby determines that marriage is a fundamental right and that restrictions on marriage merit strict scrutiny. They further find that there is no compelling governmental interest justifying the same-sex marriage restriction, unlike, for example, a regulation of the age at which a person may be married which is supported by the compelling state interest of "protecting children against abuse and coercion."
Judge Shelby's opinion on equal protection grounds is much less controversial, and perhaps even conservative. Judge Shelby rejects the arguments - - - or at least the need for the arguments - - - regarding any sort of heightened scrutiny and resolves the case on rational basis review. This rejection includes the arguments centering on animus as a non-legitimate state interest. Instead, they conclude that the legitimate government interests that Utah cites are not rationally related to Utah's prohibition of same-sex marriage. These interests include the by now familiar ones of "responsible procreation," "optimal child-rearing," "proceeding with caution," and "preserving the traditional definition of marriage."
They end with an extended analogy to Loving v. Virginia, or more specifically, Virginia's arguments in the landmark case ruling the state's anti-miscengation law unconstitutional. And after clearing declaring sections 30-1-2 and 30-1-4.1 of the Utah Code and Article I, § 29 of the Utah Constitution unconstitutional under the Fourteenth Amendment, enjoins their enforcement.
On this weekend's broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Fox News senior political analyst Brit Hume made the case that there could indeed be evidence that the Department of Justice is involved in a cover-up of operation-turned-scandal Fast and Furious.
Hume questioned the Obama administration's use of executive privilege to withhold documents pertaining to the program.
“I think the scent of a cover-up is pretty strong,” Hume said. “The documents are being withheld — I don't think there is any evidence that this is not executive privilege made because of presidential communications, which is where the strongest privilege lies, are involved here. This is internal Justice Department deliberations that, so far as we know, don't involve the president or the White House. And what the Justice Department is saying is we got to have confidentiality here and not have Congress snooping in our internal deliberations. Well, the courts recognized some privilege in that area but not much, and I think it is basically a frivolous claim.”
According to Hume, Congress has acted legitimately during its investigation of Fast and Furious, despite the several criticisms of overreach.
“There was a false letter sent here and evidence of cover-up,” they continued. “The committee is trying to get to the bottom of it and see who said what to whom and when and what the process was. This is the kind of things that investigating committees in Congress are entitled to, where executive agencies which are creatures of Congress by the way — they're part of the executive and created by Congress and funded by Congress, are supposed to investigate. But the effect of it will be to delay matters until probably after the election. That I think satisfies the Obama White House and the Holder Justice Department's purpose here, which is to put this off.”
Later, Fox News contributor Kirsten Powers and Hume sparred over the of the legitimacy of the investigation.
Transcript as follows:
WALLACE: Don't you think in the scrambling around in the months after there might be interesting information that comes out? “Well, wait a minute, I told you about that. I told Lanny Breuer or head of the criminal division. You know, Holder got that memo on that day.”
POWERS: It is interesting, but how is it going to change anything?
HUME: But Kirsten, the Congress is manifestly entitled to investigate these processes that led to a false letter and the aftermath of. They are investigating two things. What happened that led to the agent's death and what happened in the aftermath.
POWERS: We know what happened in regards to the agent's death.
HUME: Are they not entitled to investigate the aftermath?
POWERS: It was the program. What they are trying to do is pin it on Eric Holder. That's all they're trying to do. It is not whether the program was good or bad. That program was bad. It was stupid. It has been shut down and investigated.
HUME: A false letter was written. How did that come about?
Follow Jeff on Twitter
In recognition of National Invasive Species Awareness Week (Feb. 21-27), USDA Wildlife Services is providing a two-part series on the economics of invasive species management.
Around the world, battles are being fought to protect native wildlife and ecosystems, property and people's livelihoods from animal invaders. Because the resources to fight these invasions are limited, natural resource agencies must prioritize their prevention, management and eradication efforts.
So how do you decide where to concentrate your efforts? Do you go for large charismatic species, such as Burmese python and feral swine, to catch public attention or for the more elusive, but no less damaging species? Do you expend resources on prevention and early detection or resolve to mitigate existing damage?
An economist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Wildlife Research Center (NWRC), Dr. Stephanie Shwiff, takes a pragmatic approach.
“Although we'd like to believe people are willing to fund invasive species management for the sole sake of protecting the health of our native wildlife and ecosystems, it really comes down to economics. What are those invasive species costing us?” Shwiff stated. “Estimating the total economic impact and potential future economic impacts of invasive species is crucial toward gaining acceptance and funding for preventing, managing and controlling them.”
Shwiff and their team of NWRC economists are constantly examining the benefits and costs of invasive species management to determine the most efficient course of action.
“A simple formula we use includes not only estimates of the direct economic harm and damage from invasives, but also the secondary effects of their damage on the regional economy,” Shwiff noted.
Direct economic impacts fall into three broad categories — destruction, depredation and disease. Costs associated with destruction include damage to property, equipment, habitat, crops and opportunities (e.g., lost tourism or hunting). Depredation impacts refer to consumption of crops, livestock, wildlife species and companion animals. Disease impacts reflect costs associated with the spread of pathogens that cause mortality or illness in humans, companion animals, livestock or wildlife. For example, invasive Burmese pythons in Florida cause depredation and habitat destruction, but rarely spread disease. Other invasives, like European starlings and feral swine, impact all three categories.
These direct impacts also lead to secondary or downstream impacts. For example, destruction costs associated with feral swine or nutria damage to a natural area are measured by the number of acres damaged at the restoration price per acre. However, if the damage also reduces tourism, then the economic activity generated from tourism is also lost. Placing a dollar figure on such secondary impacts requires the use of regional economic models.
Regional economic models build mathematical replicas of economies at the county or state level, and can estimate how changes to one economic sector, such as agriculture, may impact another (e.g., manufacturing or industry).
“The production of crops leads to the harvest and transfer of raw goods which leads to the manufacturing and sale of food products. Regional economic models take into account all the losses along that path from producer to consumer,” Shwiff explained.
The models use direct impacts to generate estimates of secondary impacts. Both figures are then used to estimate the total effect of damages on jobs and revenue to the economy. Such units of measure — revenue, income and jobs — are important to the public, as well as state and federal representatives who fund invasive species management.
“By focusing on both the direct and secondary impacts of invasive species to the economy, as well as the health of our natural resources, managers and conservationists are more likely to gain needed support for prevention, control and eradication efforts,” Shwiff noted.
Unfortunately, data needed to build these economic analyses are lacking for most invasive species. To continue to increase awareness and appropriate action for invasive species issues, state and federal agencies, nonprofits and others must combine their knowledge and data to build their ecological and economic case.
Wildlife Services is a strategic partner with The Wildlife Society.
Gifts also serve as investments in relationships. When interpreted this way, the destruction of value can be part of the very essence of gift-giving. If I give you a $50 gift card for Best Buy and you give me a $50 e-certificate for Amazon, economists would tolerate the exchange, since no destruction of wealth has occurred. However, very little investment has occurred, either. Suppose instead that I give you an expensive sweater that you find loathsome, and you give me a fancy travel case for which I have no use. True, each of us might think that the other has terrible taste. But we will certainly notice the effort and money that went into the purchase. In fact, destroying value in an exchange of overpriced gifts can increase the likelihood that our relationship will endure. If we weren't committed to the relationship, why would we waste the money?
The absurd tension associated with gift-giving begins early in life. One of our colleagues notes that, during their two-year-old's birthday party, their son became progressively numbed by the obscene onslaught of gifts. But each of the guests emerged momentarily from their cake-induced stupor and became raptly attentive when the gift they had brought was opened. You are probably not so different from those two-year-olds. Try to recall what each of your family members gave you last holiday season and what you gave them. If you are like the majority of the students and colleagues in our informal poll, you'll be better able to recall the gifts you gave than those you received.
Gift-giving is fraught in part because the messages that people want to send can be subtle, and gifts are an extremely crude means of communication. For instance, an obvious way to send the message “you are very important to me” is to purchase an expensive gift. But what if the recipient doesn't realize the gift was expensive? You could remark offhandedly that “it's a genuine Vuitton!”—intending this to translate as “and that's how much I care about you.” But the recipient is just as likely to hear “and I want you to know that I spent a lot, so you will properly appreciate what a terrific guy I am.” They may even interpret your comment as an expectation of reciprocity, which spoils the effect altogether.
Behavioral research on perspective-taking provides some explanations for why gift-buying is often such a waste of money. When people try to predict how another person will respond to a certain situation, they begin by imagining how they themselves would respond, and then they make adjustments for differences between themselves and the other person. At both stages, they make big mistakes.
Surprisingly, people often mis-predict their own desires. Anyone with unworn clothing in the closet or unread books on the shelf will recognize this problem. One reason we mis-give to ourselves is that we are creatures of the present. Research on catalog orders finds that, on frigid days, people buy warm clothing. However, it takes a few days for the clothing to arrive, and by that time the weather may have changed. This is why the return rate is unusually high for cold-weather products bought in chilly temperatures.
Engineering news
Isolation is no good for research and innovation – and now we have numbers from two studies to back up this claim.
The excellence of UK science and engineering depends on international collaboration, according to a report released by four of the UK's seven national academies - the Academy of Medical Sciences, British Academy, Royal Academy of Engineering and Royal Society. The report is based on survey of the academies' fellows and grant recipients, with more than 1,286 respondents from the UK's leading researchers and engineers.
The top destination is Europe – with 95% of respondents travelling there, and 87% collaborating with colleagues in mainland Europe. Some 58% of researchers say that they have spent a year or more working abroad, while nearly all of them - 95% - participated in at least one international collaboration during the previous five years. Overall, international collaboration has been growing; 77% report that it is now more intense than it was 20 years ago.
"International collaboration is critical for all academic research. The international scientific community needs strong collaborative links to provide the interchange of ideas, people and problems that drive discovery," Chris Brace, a mechanical engineer and deputy director of the Powertrain Vehicle Research Centre at the University of Bath told PE. "Anything we can do to increase the ease with which researchers can move freely will raise the quality of the resulting science and engineering."
Brexit's potential impact
Cross-border collaboration is an area some engineers and scientists fear could be affected by Britain leaving the European Union. One of the EU projects the UK is currently part of is the Horizon 2020 - and leaving it "would have a major negative impact on UK science and engineering," says Brace. "If we remain members of the scheme outside the EU, this will partially mitigate the negative effects, but we will no longer be contributing to setting the research agenda. This is a serious long term disadvantage for us."
Brace and their group are currently working on an EU-funded project investigating novel hybrid powertrain technologies in partnership with organisations across Europe, including the Ford Research Centre in Germany and Centro Ricerche Fiat in Italy. "We were invited into this project as a result of strong international links through previous research activities," said Brace. "Participation in this project gives us access to a wide variety of new partners, each with fresh ideas and problems to solve. This process stimulates new collaborative opportunities in addition to the immediate project."
Another engineer, Talha Pirzada from Cross Manufacturing Company that makes aerospace equipment, told PE that their team has been collaborating with a material supplier in Italy, to optimise a new material manufacturing procedure - "vital for cementing my company's future as market leaders in aerospace seal production".
"Projects like nuclear fission research in Culham or CERN in Geneva have only been possible due to the joint effort of different countries," they added. "Working alone would be financially impossible."
Dame Ann Dowling, President of the Royal Academy of Engineering, stressed that engineering has a particularly mobile workforce, both industry and academia, and across all skills levels. “The ability of our researchers, innovators and entrepreneurs to collaborate internationally, spend time in other countries, and welcome students and colleagues from around the world is fundamental to maintaining the UK's strength as a world leader in engineering,” they said.
Why do researchers and engineers travel? Most survey participants (73%) say that international collaboration is an opportunity for them to share their own expertise, while 54% argue that it is important to share in the expertise of their colleagues from abroad. Two thirds want to build or at least maintain their links with researchers based overseas.
Not all countries are easy to visit though, and 22% of those surveyed said that the ease of obtaining a visa was an important factor in their choice of collaborators. Regardless of visa requirements though, many still continue to travel to the countries where a visa is required.
Excellent research, in the humanities and social sciences, as well as in medicine and engineering, depends on the ability to collaborate, develop understanding and learn from the best, wherever they may be based,” said Lord Nicholas Stern, president of the British Academy. “UK universities are world-leaders in research, and because of this we attract outstanding international talent. Maintaining this global outlook is crucial to upholding our high-quality research base.
Leilia Broadley, a mechanical engineer at EDF Energy, told PE that pooling our talents and resources is vital to solve our big issues. "If we restrict collaborative working, we restrict ourselves in so many ways. I truly believe that the reason the UK is seen as a country that produces the highest standards in research and engineering is due to our rich and diverse culture. Restricting international collaboration, through any means, will make us poorer as a nation," they said.
Learning from the past
Brace believes that stopping cross-border collaboration is simply not a viable option for the UK. "Our continued prosperity relies on the application of new knowledge to drive commercial growth in our economy. We must be technology leaders in order to compete with economies across the globe," they said. "Without the exposure to international ideas, opportunities and talent we will place our economy at a serious disadvantage. The worst effects of a progressive degradation in our research power will take some time to be fully realised, which if anything makes the danger more acute because the damage will be done before the effects are fully understood."
And it has happened before, they added - with the reduction in the UK manufacturing base. "A lack of effective research and development over several decades was a major contributor to this decline and the current emphasis on R&D is a crucial component of our current manufacturing renaissance."
The Royal Society also commissioned a separate report, where it surveyed 1,285 UK-based scientists. The report found that 72% of respondents had trained or worked abroad; 80% of those surveyed who were originally not from the UK said they were from the EU or North America; and 40% of the foreign-born researchers collaborated with researchers in their countries of origin.
“The UK is a global scientific powerhouse, which makes us an attractive destination for researchers worldwide,” said Venki Ramakrishnan, president of the Royal Society. “We must work hard to keep barriers for incoming and outgoing researchers and their dependents at a minimum, so that ideas can grow across borders and benefit science as a whole.”
The Royal Society report also shows that both the UK and the home countries of the researchers greatly benefit from international collaboration. The UK gets access to more highly qualified employees, and when researchers decide to go back home, they bring their skills and training back with them.
“This work shows research is a truly international endeavour,” said Sir Robert Lechler, president of the Academy of Medical Sciences. “The ability to forge collaborations and to access talent across the globe is vital to ensure that the UK remains at the forefront of research and innovation.”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
As Republicans continue to filibuster extending unemployment benefits, the economic fate of our country hangs in the balance. Their obstruction to extending jobless benefits is more a result of their ideological contempt for the social safety net that can historically be traced back to the New Deal than their claimed discomfort with a growing deficit.
Republicans are trying to sell the meme that we should be more worried about our national debt during a recession than we should about economic recovery. They are further arguing that unemployment benefits don't stimulate the economy. Economists from both side of the aisle disagree with the Republicans. Guess where Republicans got this talking point? None other than their media arm, Fox News.
Sounds like the Republicans are in bed with Herbie Hoover, who once said, “Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body – the producers and consumers themselves.”
Yes, that worked out well.
Back in reality land, according to the bi-partisan CBO reports, increasing aid to the unemployed is the single largest immediate step we can take to off-set a further recession. In fact, leading economists, including conservative Mark Zandi, chief economist with Moody's Economy.com and a former adviser to Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), agree that failure to immediately extend unemployment benefits is an escalating risk to our economy.
The current recession is one of the longest downturns since the Great Depression of the 1930's.The number of jobs in the United States declined almost every month since December 2007 until 2009. This recession is a direct result of the financial crisis started by the housing downturn in 2006, and some speculate compounded by escalating oil prices. Yes, sing it with me, people: Despite Phil Graham's claim that there was no recession and we were a nation of whiners, in 2008 the National Bureau of Economic Research declared the recession officially started in 2007.
Zandi argues:
“Congress needs to hurry up and reauthorize expired jobless aid or risk derailing the nascent economic recovery.Historically, federally funded unemployment benefits are always used in times of recession and have never been paid for. (Rep. Jim McDermott, D-Wash., said paying for extended benefits would set a precedent that would essentially undermine the New Deal.) And they've never been allowed to expire with a national unemployment rate above 7.2 percent.”
The Washington Post further explained:
“Zandi estimated that each dollar spent on extending unemployment benefits generated $1.61 in economic growth. Extending benefits had the third-greatest bang-for-the-buck of any component in the stimulus package, after increasing food stamps and subsidizing work-sharing, both temporary measures. To quote Zandi, “No form of the fiscal stimulus has proved more effective during the past two years than emergency UI benefits.” The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities looked at the impact on poverty of the extension and found that it saved a total of 800,000 people from falling below the poverty line. So far, then, unemployment benefits have been very effective at stimulating the economy and reducing economic misery among affected families.”
Not only is the Republican filibustering on unemployment extension benefits an ideological assault on the social safety net, but also it has nothing to do with the current recession and is not based on economics. In spite of reasoned thought from both sides of the aisle, the Republicans are willing to put our economy at risk in order to gain momentum in their jihad like war on the poor, and everyone else who is not rich.
The GOP has returned to their intellectual economic forefather, Herbert Hoover. And I think we all know where that leads. Thanks, but no thanks, to that Bridge to Nowhere.
“Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history. There is a tiny splinter group, of course, that believes you can do these things…..Their number is
negligible and they are stupid.” – Dwight D. Eisenhower, Letter to Edgar Eisenhower, Nov 1954
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Speaker Paul Ryan also supported a US-EU deal as well as a deal with Britain
The US will strike a free trade deal with the European Union before it agrees one with Britain, it was claimed last night.
Unnamed Washington and European officials claimed the UK had been forced behind the EU in the queue to reach a deal with America.
If true, it would signal a dramatic U-turn on the part of the U.S. president, who has so far opposed negotiating with the EU as a bloc and tried instead to reach deals with separate countries - starting with Britain.
The US will strike a free trade deal with the European Union before it agrees one with Britain, it was claimed. It is believed Donald Trump softened their approach to the EU after meeting Angela Merkel, despite frosty body language
According to the Times, Mr Trump has ‘softened' their opposition to a US-EU deal after Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, convinced them that reaching agreement would be simpler than they thought.
Officials reportedly said Mr Trump's re-think was also influenced by their administration's failure to open talks with individual EU members apart from the UK.
It has reportedly led to a ‘realisation' in the White House that a trade deal with the EU, allowing for a tariff-free exchange of goods and services, would be more beneficial to the US than a post-Brexit deal with Britain.
Mrs Merkel is believed to have won over their White House host. A former White House advisor said: ‘Mr Trump will want good trading terms with everybody in Europe, in or out of the EU'
Mrs Merkel is said to have told senior colleagues that Mr Trump misunderstood the basic facts about the EU and trade, asking them 10 times if they could work out a trade deal with Germany before finally getting the message they could negotiate only with the EU.
The suggestion that Mrs Merkel won over their White House host on anything may come as a surprise given their frosty body language and their apparent refusal at one point to shake hands for the cameras.
Washington insiders noted last night that the two goals - a deal with post-Brexit Britain and one with the EU - are not mutually incompatible.
‘Mr Trump will want good trading terms with everybody in Europe, in or out of the EU,' said a former White House advisor.
‘He vociferously supported Britain coming out of the EU.
‘He'll not want to make Brexit look like a mistake.'
House Speaker Paul Ryan, the most powerful Republican in Congress, made clear as much in a speech in London on Wednesday.
They said the US was ready to negotiate a new trade deal with Britain but also wanted a strong Europe.
‘The United States stands ready to forge a new trade agreement with Great Britain as soon as possible, so that we may further tap into the great potential between our people,' they said in a speech at the Policy Exchange think tank.
Officials reportedly said Mr Trump's re-think was also influenced by their administration's failure to open talks with individual EU members apart from the UK
Mr Ryan supported an eventual EU/US trade deal but added: ‘At the same time, we are committed to working with President Trump and your government to achieve a bilateral trade agreement between the United States and Britain.'
If the EU becomes a bigger trade priority for the Trump administration than Britain, it will be an embarrassing blow to the diplomacy skills of Boris Johnson.
The foreign secretary met with Mr Trump's advisers in January and afterwards claimed Britain would be ‘first in line' for a deal.
Their boast was aimed at refuting President Obama's warning a year ago that the UK would be ‘at the back of the queue' if it left the EU.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said last night that reports of the US favouring the EU over Britain was a ‘devastating blow to Theresa May's hard Brexit plans'.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said the US was ready to negotiate a new trade deal with Britain but also wanted a strong Europe
They called on the Prime Minister to make clear they will ‘prioritise' a trade deal with the EU over one with Mr Trump.
Talks on a US-EU trade deal first started in 1990 but negotiations on the so-called Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) were shelved after Mr Trump's election victory.
They could now be revived or replaced with a new deal as TTIP has been criticised as too heavily favouring big business.
The EU is America's biggest trading partner but the US suffers from a substantial trade deficit.
Last year, US exports to the union were worth £210 billion ($270 billion) - in the same period it exported £43 billion ($55 billion) in goods to the UK.
Cecilia Malmström, the EU's trade commissioner, is visiting Washington next week for informal talks with US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross.
Terri Roberts was at the theatre where they worked when the call came. It was their husband, Chuck. Terri should come straight away, they said, to their son Charlie's house. Terri knew instantly, from the tone of Chuck's voice, that it was serious. They didn't ask questions, just ran to their car. And it was on the short drive that they turned on the radio and heard for the first time about a shooting incident that morning at a school in a nearby town.
Several children were dead, the report said, and the perpetrator was a man named Roy. Terri suspected immediately that the killings were connected with Chuck's call. “I knew straight away that the school they were talking about was very near the place where our son Charlie used to park the milk van they drove,” they say. “I was imagining all sorts of dreadful things, like that they had been killed while helping to rescue some of the children. I knew he'd have helped them if they possibly could.”
Terri thought they were imagining the worst: in fact, the worst would turn out to be infinitely more appalling. When they arrived at Charlie's house the first people they saw in the driveway were Chuck and a police officer. They remember what happened next as if it was in slow motion.
“I said to the officer, ‘Is my son still alive?'
They said no.
Then I turned to Chuck, whose eyes were sunk deep into their face, and they said to me: ‘It was Charlie. They killed those children.'”
The next few hours were a blur to Terri. They remember the initial disbelief, the feeling that it was utterly impossible that their lovely son, their quiet, deep, complicated but loving son, who had three young children of their own, could possibly be responsible for such an unthinkable tragedy. Hadn't they heard the name Roy on the radio? And then, as it gradually dawned on them that what Chuck had told them must somehow be true, and that the Roy mentioned on the radio had simply been a mistake, they remember falling to the floor and lying there in a foetal position, and howling. Just howling.
In many ways, the most extraordinary part of Terri's story is that they aren't metaphorically on that floor howling still. The details of the slaughter for which their son was responsible for are hard to write, hard to read and almost impossible to imagine or to begin to understand.
Here are the facts: on the morning of 2 October 2006, Charlie Roberts, carrying a gun, walked into the classroom of an Amish school near their home in Pennsylvania. They ordered the boys to leave and, half an hour later, shot 10 of the girls before turning the gun on himself. Five died: the youngest two were seven, the oldest was 12. Two of them, Lena and Mary Liz Miller, aged eight and seven respectively, were sisters. Five more girls were injured, including six-year-old Rosanna King who was initially not expected to survive and who has severe brain injuries.
How do you begin to understand that your child has been responsible for a tragedy of this magnitude? Like Eva Khatchadourian, the mother of the killer in Lionel Shriver's novel We Need to Talk About Kevin, Terri has combed through every detail, every nuance, every memory, every clue, to try to work out what in their eldest son's past could have made them walk into that schoolhouse that day. “What did I miss?” they ask in their newly published book. “I was – always will be – their mother. Surely if anyone could spot signs of trouble it would be the woman who gave birth to him. At what point did bitterness begin to seethe beneath the surface contentment? Or hate tug harder at the mind and heart than love?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Terri with their husband, Chuck, and their four sons: Zachary, left; Charlie, back row; Josh, front right; and baby Jon.
As a mother, they say, they cannot stop loving their son – and as they unravel their story – the ordinary story of an ordinary boy in an ordinary town whose life ended so violently – you feel they are doing what any parent can and must do, even in the face of odds as great as these, which is to see the very best in their child, to give them the benefit of every doubt, to put every tale in the most sympathetic light. Yet, when they have finished describing how sweet a baby they are, and how they had to cope with being born with club feet, and their learning difficulties, and the loss of their first child soon after their birth, the question hangs in the air between us, and Terri is brave enough, through their tears, to name it and answer it herself. “I ask myself, were these things related to what happened? But the truth is that plenty of people in the world have experienced extreme pain and suffering, and have coped with it. They didn't go on to commit terrible crimes like Charlie did.”
After the murders, a note was found in which Charlie confessed to having sexually assaulted two young female relatives 20 years earlier and said they were still haunted by it. Yet, says Terri, police investigations never found any evidence that what they had confessed to had, in fact, happened.
Looking back, they can see that Charlie was always quiet as a boy. “But I have a husband who is quiet and another son who is quiet. It's not unusual for men to be quiet.”
Could there really have been no sign that Charlie was disturbed at a very deep level? Terri is adamant that there were not. “After it happened, I got together with their best friend and we talked. They said, ‘I never saw anything in Charlie that would have brought them to anger or resentment. It just wasn't there …' The only thing I can say is, they obviously masked hurt deeper than I could ever have imagined. So yes, as a mother I wish – how much I wish – I had drawn them out more. If I have any message for other mothers, it's this: if you have a child who is quiet and reserved, especially when hard things happen, it's worth reflecting with them to see if there's anything deep that needs to come to the surface.”
The truth is, and Terri knows it, that whatever terrible things were going on inside Charlie, they were probably too deeply buried for anyone else to access. “Somewhere in my son's life they experienced some kind of pain that they internalised and never shared with anyone. They internalised something so painful that it opened up a door for evil. Something grabbed hold of them that was so dark and so deep.”
Terri is a Christian – they raised Charlie as a Christian – but since the tragedy they have had some big questions. “I've said to God, I simply don't understand how you could let it happen. You could have given their car a flat tyre. In the end, I've had to admit that there can be no understanding. I've chosen to trust God because there's nothing else I can do. I have no understanding of why.”
Of course, there have been times when they have burned with anger at Charlie. How, they ask in their book, could they have done this? “How could they … leave their wife a widow, their children fatherless? Leave them to face the shame and the horror? And the gentle Amish families they had come to know so well in their rounds collecting milk. What darkness and evil could so possess their mind that they would want to hurt them? To rip away daughters as precious as their own? To inflict such pain and loss on another living soul?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlie Roberts, aged 13.
After the shooting, and especially in the early days afterwards, Terri was acutely aware of how she, as Charlie's mother, and the whole of their family, was being judged and seen by others. “It was scary,” they say. “Knowing we were being labelled. In some ways it was harder for Chuck than for me – he's a retired police officer. They even have the same name as Charlie, so when they were showing their driving licence or something, people would do a double take and he'd have to say, ‘Yes, that's right, I'm the father,'”
Even going out shopping, or anywhere in public, meant they would be looked at, pointed at, blamed. Then something truly extraordinary happened – something that injects a glimmer of hope and faith and goodness into a story that is otherwise laced with horror and heartache.
They obviously masked hurt deeper than I could ever have imagined. I wish – how much I wish – I had drawn them out more
Charlie's funeral was difficult for their parents and their wife, Marie, to organise: what undertaker, after all, would want to handle the burial of a man so loathed? Eventually, though, it was arranged. The family braced themselves for a media barrage. As they walked through the churchyard, Terri remembers, they could see the telescopic lenses trained on them. “We felt vulnerable – we knew everyone was looking at us. Then, from behind a shed, a group of Amish people appeared, men in tall hats and women in white bonnets. They fanned out into a line between the graveside and the road. They were protecting us from the media.”
There was more. “When the service ended, these people came forward, these lovely people whose eyes, like mine, were red with tears. The first ones to approach us were Chris and Rachel Miller, whose daughters Lena and Mary Liz had both died in their arms. And they said to me: ‘We are so sorry for your loss.'
“There are no words to describe what it feels like when people who have suffered so much at the hands of your son reach out and say something like that, says Terri. “It was an amazing thing to know that through their suffering they wanted to comfort us.”
Forgiveness, they say, is a choice. “These sweet parents were still as grief-stricken as I was, their hearts broken like mine over the loss of their children. But they had chosen to forgive instead of hating – to reach out in compassion instead of anger.”
As time went by, there were further opportunities for Terri to connect with the Amish community and one day a chance came to visit Rosanna, the little girl who had pulled through, but with brain damage.
“I felt a need, a motherly need I guess, to connect. It was about two months afterwards, and I was invited to the house. They welcomed me in and gave me a seat next to Rosanna who was there in their wheelchair. They were so sweet and they had been so disabled; it was quite an emotional experience. I managed to hold myself together while I was there, but when we left I just started to bawl. To know that my son was responsible for this …”
There were more visits to Rosanna's family and eventually something even more incredible happened. Terri noticed that the family – who also had three young sons – found it difficult to eat together because someone had to be with Rosanna, so they asked whether they could help by looking after them while the family ate. For several years they went once a week and, these days, still visits regularly, even though they are no longer in good health. “I had breast cancer some years ago and now it's in my lungs,” they say.
They will go on visiting Rosanna, now 16, for as long as they can. “She is very dear to my heart,” says Terri. “She's become almost like a granddaughter.”
In the end, they say, there are no words to describe what happened, just as there is no explanation. But if the shooting in the Amish school that day represented the unthinkable, then what has taken place since seems to represent what might be called a miracle.
• Forgiven: The Amish School Shooting, a Mother's Love and a Story of Remarkable Grace by Terri Roberts is published by Baker Publishing, £9.99
Daniel Courney, 33, a deranged evangelist who was convicted earlier this year of using “threatening and discriminatory language” during an anti-Islamic rant in Lincoln, had their conviction overturned this week.
Courney, an American missionary who served in the US military and has been a missionary in Nepal and India for eight years, advocates for arming civilians as passionately as they do for Christianity. The picture above on their Facebook page has this caption:
Hooah. I shot expert (38 of 40) and was able to disassemble and reassemble my M16 A2 in a little over a minute when I was in the service. (If civilians didn't have firearms, the US wouldn't be free from tyranny today – for all the nay-sayers out there.)
Courney's conviction in September this year followed a complaint from a Muslim woman and their family who heard them preaching on the street. They claimed the nutter singled them out, called them “ISIS” and told them to “go back to your country”. As a result, Courney was arrested. They denied the charge but was booked under Section 5 of the Public Order Act for using:
Threatening or abusive words or behaviour or disorderly behaviour within the hearing or sight of a person likely to be caused harassment, alarm or distress.
Adrian Clark, a friend of the evangelist, posted on Facebook on September 14, 2017, that Courney was:
Convicted at Lincoln Magistrate Court by a District Judge on two counts of religious and racially motivated public order offences. Conditional discharge and bound for 9 months. £320 costs. The judge was a impassioned multi-culturalist.
They seemed antagonistic to the one person publicly declaring another's religious beliefs as being wrong. They trusted the prosecution witnesses despite their glaring inconsistencies. Despite Daniel being a man who serves their community in India and Nepal without fear or favour, (all are subject to their generosity), and courageously protected a Muslim from being beaten in Bristol, this seemed to have had no bearing on the judge's finding. An appeal has been lodged.
I am assuming that this is the same Adrian Clark who had a run-in with the law in Bristol last year when they were arrested along with two fellow street screechers . Michael Overd and Michael Stockwell were convicted February 28 at Bristol Magistrates' Court of a religiously-aggravated public order offence. Earlier, the court dismissed the case against Clark, ruling that there was no case to answer. In June, Overd and Stockwell won an appeal against their conviction. During Courney's appeal, the Christian Legal Centre's solicitor Michael Phillips argued that English law provides Courney with the freedom to preach Christianity, and that this has been successfully upheld for many years.The Crown Court judge agreed and overturned the conviction.Courney lost no time after their victory to return to the streets of Lincoln to resume spouting their special brand of bullshit. But it didn't go too well. They claimed in a Facebook post yesterday that they were attacked by two drunk females:
Of course, Andrea Williams, above, Chief Executive of the Christian Legal Centre, felt compelled to comment on Courney case. It demonstrated, they said, that police do not “understand” free speech laws.
We are proud to represent street preachers in our country as they share the love of Jesus Christ with people on the street. This case once again highlights the need for police operating in these situations to understand how the law protects free speech.
After their conviction was overturned, Courney said that they had come to the United Kingdom to:
Bring back the message of Jesus Christ. The message is a simple one: repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and do not follow false religions. Unfortunately, I've had to travel to and from the United Kingdom four times in the past three months. I have had other restrictions on my liberty during that time. I have been held in police custody and accused of being a hate preacher. At all times I simply wanted to proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Courney thanked the Christian Legal Centre for their help, support and free legal counsel.
In reporting the Courney case, Dorothy Cummings McLean of Life Site News, said Christian street preachers in the UK are fighting an uphill battle to revive faith in a country where Christianity is on its way to extinction.
Approximately 60 percent of people in the United Kingdom declare themselves to be Christians. But, according to the United Kingdom's “Faith Survey”, the number of Christians born in Britain is falling at a staggering rate. Between 2001 and 2011 the number of Christians born in the U.K. fell by 5.3 million.
“With a continued rate of decline at this level, the number of UK-born Christians would reduce to zero by 2067,” the survey predicted.
Will Gay Athletes Be Accepted In The US (Photo : REUTERS/MAX ROSSI)
While the acceptance of homosexuality may have grown in recent times, a study suggests those engaged in the sphere of sports faced the worst rejection, with the United States ranked as the highest in terms of discrimination towards homosexuality.
Claiming to be the first study to be conducted on homophobic views in sports the report titled "Out On The Fields" was released over the weekend.
Advertisement
The comprehensive study is the first international one of its kind, where findings were analysed by a panel comprising seven academics on the subject from four different countries and spanning six universities.
More than 9000 individuals participated from mainly English speaking countries (US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the UK). The study also indicated that among the participants the composition did include heterosexual women and men who accounted for 25 percent of the focus group.
Researchers who conducted the study discovered that over 80 percent of those who were part of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transexual community said they experienced some degree of homophobia.
The study claimed that it was common for 80 percent of gay women and men to have cruel verbal slurs directed at them.
While more than 70 percent of lesbian sports athletes under the ages of 22 during the time of the study claimed that they completely or partially hid their sexuality from teammates while playing sports.
Amongst the study's other revelations includes the fact that the United States proved to be the country that ranked the worst in terms of discrimination and homophobia.
Professor Pat Griffin at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst who was also a member of the team advising the authors of the study told TIME that this was revealed by what they called the "inclusion score" adapted by researchers.
Professor Griffin told TIME that while the study revealed that much progress had been made, in terms of homosexuality in sport, societal views still had a long way to go.
The study was conducted by Repucom and commissioned by the Bingham Cup Sydney 2014 together with LGBT and mainstream sporting organisations.
Enlarge Image Stephen Shankland/CNET
Brendan Eich is back in business.
A year and a half after resigning as Mozilla's chief executive following an uproar over their anti-gay-marriage stance, Eich is spinning up a new company called Brave Software. With nine employees and $2.5 million in early funding from angel investors, the San Francisco startup has begun work on software that promises to make the Internet safer and faster when the company publicly launches it in early 2016.
Though they parted ways with Firefox maker Mozilla, the Brave CEO is carrying some of the nonprofit's power-to-the-people ethos to their new for-profit venture. Eich won't share any details yet but said Brave's software will help give people independence from technology giants that often seem to care more about shareholders than users.
Companies such as Facebook, Google, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft wield tremendous power over the technology we all use daily, from smartphones at the center of our lives to communications with our closest contacts. But anyone who doesn't agree with such companies' policies has little choice but to stick with them. That's because boycotting any of them means cutting oneself off from the mainstream. Brave evidently aims to shift the balance of power back toward the user through new software that will give people some type of ability to collectively push back.
"It's vitally important to put the user first," Eich said in an exclusive interview. "Since all the big powers are public companies, they have to serve their shareholders....
We're trying to innovate in dimensions that a lot of incumbents won't innovate,
where the user will have more control and maybe bargaining power."
Helping to co-found Brave are Brian Bondy, a programmer who worked on Firefox at Mozilla and more recently was an engineer at online education specialist Khan Academy, and Kevin Grandon, who worked on Firefox OS and the WebVR technology for virtual reality on the Web.
On Tuesday, Brave plans to announce two more employees. One is Yan Zhu, previously of the Yahoo security team, who worked on the SecureDrop software for helping whistleblowers share documents, helped develop the Tor software that lets people use the Net anonymously, and a fellow of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Another is Marshall Rose, a programmer and longtime contributor to Internet standards who developed online payment technology and more recently worked on the Internet of Things technology to spread the Net to more types of devices.
Eich rose to prominence by co-founding Mozilla, maker of the Firefox Web browser and Firefox OS software to power mobile phones, and by inventing the JavaScript programming language that makes websites interactive instead of just static documents. By 2014, they had been promoted to Mozilla chief technology officer and then to CEO, but a firestorm erupted after gay-marriage advocates discovered their 2008 donation to the Proposition 8 effort to ban gay marriage in California. They stepped down as CEO after nine days.
Now playing: Watch this: Firefox blocks ads from tracking you
Their new company seeks to tap into the ideals behind Mozilla's founding. Mozilla was launched back in 1998 to keep the Internet's inner workings open so that powerful companies like Microsoft couldn't control it and lock people into their technology.
Firefox succeeded in that mission a decade ago, heading off the dominance of Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser. But that success was in large measure because Firefox was faster and had better features. Eich took that lesson to heart: They promise Brave will offer tangible benefits, not just something that appeals to a small group with philosophical motives.
Eich, who regrets that they didn't push into the ranks of management earlier in their career, said they still plan to program while raising funds and running Brave.
"I'm writing code, but I need to write more," they said. At Brave, it's "going
to be like [the movie] 'Starship Troopers': Everybody fights and no one quits."
The Toronto Raptors have fallen on hard times as of late.
With only one win in their past 10 games, the Raptors have fallen from 2nd in the Eastern Conference to 4th, giving up positions to the surging Cleveland Cavaliers and the Chicago Bulls.
Leo Rautins, colour commentator for the Raptors, says that a favorable schedule allowed for the Raptors to get out to such a lead.
“Expectations got a little out of whack. You start out, you're leading the conference, you're in 1st your in 2nd, and all of a sudden everyone thinks you're going win the conference,” Leo Rautins told us at the CIS Final 8 Media Conference (2:00).
“This team was built to get into the playoffs, maybe into a 2nd round this year. They're still on progress to do that.” (2:35)
Rautins also believes that in order for the Raptors to get back to their winning ways, the team will have to get back to their scrappy style that got them into the playoffs last year.
“I'm convinced they can get to the 2nd round and have a good run, but it won't happen unless they can find that edge again.”
Toronto will play the Miami Heat on Friday and are looking to break their four game losing streak. The game will be played at the Air Canada Centre, a blessing for the Raptors after a tough road swing that saw them go 2-7.
Available Art All Events Current Events Upcoming Events Past Events The Drawing Club Workshops 03/23/2019 Space Discounted! Steven Universe | Adventure Time Exhibition Steven Universe | Adventure Time Exhibition
view pieces
view photos
share this event
OPENING NIGHT HIGHLIGHTS
• Exclusive Steven Universe #1 Variant cover by Rebecca Sugar to be released
• Exclusive prints, and shirts to be released by Nucleus and WeLoveFine
• FREE SU/AT buttons to the first 100 people in line
• Signing with Steven Universe comic book artist Coleman Engle, and other artists to be announced (7:00 – 9:00pm)
• Signing with Steven Universe creator Rebecca Sugar. (7:00–8:00pm) Only the first 100 guests to purchase a print or comic from our pop up shop will be eligible to receive a signature.
• Hourly raffle prizes at 8, 9 & 10pm (winning raffle numbers will be announced the following day on our
• Musical performance by Rebecca Sugar, Jeff Liu (storyboard artist), Ben Levin (story editor), (8:30 and 9:30)
• Complimentary refreshments served
EXHIBITION FEATURES
• Steven Universe & Adventure Time pop up shop by BOOM! and WeLoveFine
• Over 100 tribute art and cover art pieces on display and available for sale
ADMISSION $5
FREE ADMISSION if you come in costume or with purchase of any Steven Universe/Adventure Time merchandise of $5 value or more.
Event starts at 7pm • Open to the public • All-ages welcome • No RSVP
ONLINE PRIZES
Purchase any SU / AT merchandise from our website from now till September 1 and automatically be entered to win awesome prizes! Follow us on Twitter as we will announce the prizes and winners weekly.
Prizes Include: Funko Figure, Monopoly Game, Nooka Watch ($100 value), necklaces, and more...
EXHIBITING ARTISTS Aleth Romanillos
Alexis Johnson
Andy Garner-Flexer
Anthony Wu
Becky Dreistadt
Braden Lamb
Britt Sanders
Britt Wilson
Chris Houghton
Christy Cohen
Coleman Engle
Crowded Teeth
Danny Hynes
Efrain Farias
Emily Hu
Emily Partridge
Emily Quinn
Grace Kraft
Jackie Ferrentino
Jeremy Sorese
Jisoo Kim
JJ Harrison
Joe Johnston
Kassandra Heller
Katie Mitroff
Kel McDonald
Kelly Bastow
Kent Osborne
Kevin Stanton
Leslie Hung
Liz Prince
Logan Faerber
Luke Weber
Maris Wicks
Mark Mariano
Matt Forsythe
Meredith McClaren
Michelle Xin
Mimi Yoon
Nicole Gustafsson
Nidhi Chanani
Oliver Akuin
Rebecca Sugar
Rich Koslowski
Sibylline
Sophie Goldstein
Steven Conley
Steven Sugar
Stu Livingston
Tait Howard
Tiffany Ford
Tyson Hesse
Wendi Chen
...and more to be announced!
Cartoon Network and Nucleus present a Steven Universe / Adventure Time tribute exhibition in celebration of Rebecca Sugar's awesome new animated series!• Exclusive Steven Universe #1 Variant cover by Rebecca Sugar to be released• Exclusive prints, and shirts to be released by Nucleus and WeLoveFine• FREE SU/AT buttons to the first 100 people in line• Signing with Steven Universe comic book artist Coleman Engle, and other artists to be announced (7:009:00pm)• Signing with Steven Universe creator Rebecca Sugar. (7:00–8:00pm) Only the first 100 guests to purchase a print or comic from our pop up shop will be eligible to receive a signature.• Hourly raffle prizes at 8, 9 & 10pm (winning raffle numbers will be announced the following day on our facebook page • Musical performance by Rebecca Sugar, Jeff Liu (storyboard artist), Ben Levin (story editor), (8:30 and 9:30)• Complimentary refreshments served• Steven Universe & Adventure Time pop up shop by BOOM! and WeLoveFine• Over 100 tribute art and cover art pieces on display and available for saleif you come in costume or with purchase of any Steven Universe/Adventure Time merchandise of $5 value or more.Event starts at 7pm • Open to the public • All-ages welcome • No RSVPPurchase any SU / AT merchandise from our website from now till September 1 and automatically be entered to win awesome prizes! Follow us on Twitter as we will announce the prizes and winners weekly.Prizes Include: Funko Figure, Monopoly Game, Nooka Watch ($100 value), necklaces, and more... Event Exclusives Osheaga Marcy
$35.00
Desert Finn
$35.00
Adventure Time #15 print
Signed / Limited
$60.00
Tea Time!
$35.00
Twilight
$35.00
Gems Stick Together
$35.00
Opal Enlightenment
$35.00
Cover for Adventure Time Issue #8
Signed / Limited
$60.00
Out of Stock C'mon Grab Your Friends
Limited
$29.95
The new approach, known as Bayesian Program Learning, or B.P.L., is different from current machine learning technologies known as deep neural networks.
Neural networks can be trained to recognize human speech, detect objects in images or identify kinds of behavior by being exposed to large sets of examples.
Although such networks are modeled after the behavior of biological neurons, they do not yet learn the way humans do — acquiring new concepts quickly. By contrast, the new software program described in the Science article is able to learn to recognize handwritten characters after “seeing” only a few or even a single example.
The researchers compared the capabilities of their Bayesian approach and other programming models using five separate learning tasks that involved a set of characters from a research data set known as Omniglot, which includes 1,623 handwritten character sets from 50 languages. Both images and pen strokes needed to create characters were captured.
“With all the progress in machine learning, it's amazing what you can do with lots of data and faster computers,” said Joshua B. Tenenbaum, a professor of cognitive science and computation at M.I.T. and one of the authors of the Science paper. “But when you look at children, it's amazing what they can learn from very little data. Some comes from prior knowledge and some is built into our brain.”
Incoming college students are faced with a barrage of questions before settling on the right campus: Does it offer the right major? Is it close to home? Does it have a good reputation? And, of course, how much does it cost?
The average college student graduates $26,000 in debt, according to the Institute for College Access and Success Project on Student Debt in 2011. With that in mind, getting the most bang for your buck becomes a top priority for parents and students alike.
“Each student and parents must critically evaluate the data: student-loan debt, return on investment, lifetime salary earnings, academic performance, skills training, the student's abilities and interests, and so on,” wrote former U.S. Secretary of Education William J. Bennett and co-author David Wilezol in their best-selling book, “Is College Worth It?”
UC Irvine is ranked 19th on Online College Database's 50 Public Colleges with the Best Lifetime ROI list.
And this year, The Princeton Review named UC Irvine as one of the Best Value Colleges for 2013 based on assessments of academics, cost and financial aid. In January, the university also ranked 16th in the best value among U.S. public colleges by personal finance magazine Kiplinger.
Kiplinger credits UC Irvine's value to generous financial aid packages that offset the high sticker price for the university's total cost of attendance. This financial aid contributes to UC Irvine's lower-than-average student debt. Kiplinger reported that UC Irvine students graduate with an average debt of $18,719, some $7,200 less than the national average.
For the 2013-14 academic year, UC Irvine estimates tuition and fees to run about $14,500 for full-time undergraduate students.
More than half of all University of California students receive aid from the Blue and Gold Opportunity Plan, a program that covers system-wide tuition and fees with financial aid and gift aid for undergrad students with annual family incomes up to $80,000.
In recent surveys conducted by UC Irvine, about 32 percent of students reported that they had nothing to repay at their time of graduation. And 13.6 percent reported that they were graduating with less than $10,000 of debt.
Although the majority of UC Irvine graduates leave with more than $10,000 of debt, 57.6 percent of surveyed seniors said they thought the benefits of attending UCI were worth the financial costs. About 23 percent expressed disagreement and 19.5 percent remained neutral.
“Although I have a pretty large debt after four years … I value my experience at UC Irvine a lot and would not trade it in for anything else,” said Jahanzeb Ashraf, a recent UCI graduate.
“There are ample statistics that show people with more education have higher lifetime earnings,” said UC Irvine Chancellor Michael V. Drake. “But what's more important is that people with more education also have longer, healthier, and more productive lives. That's better for them, that's better for our society, and I think that's the real value of higher education.”
Contact the writer: ailiff@ocregister.com
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York City Council approved a bill on Thursday to require many merchants to charge 5 cents for each plastic or paper bag taken by consumers at checkout counters, and Mayor Bill de Blasio said they intended to sign it.
A shopper stands with their bags outside Macy's department store in New York, December 20, 2008. REUTERS/Jacob Silberberg/File Photo
The bill, backed by 28 of the 48 council members, is designed to encourage consumers to shift to reusable bags in a city that goes through more than 9 billion of the flimsy white containers a year, according to the council.
Most of the bags used by shoppers are not recycled, forcing the city to pay millions of dollars to haul 91,000 tons of plastic and paper bags to landfills in other states each year, City Council spokesperson Amy Varghese said.
The bill would take effect in October.
The city estimates that the fee could reduce plastic and paper bag waste by about 60 percent, based on the experiences of other cities, the mayor said in a statement released after the council's vote.
U.S. cities with similar laws include Cambridge, Massachusetts, Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles. The addition of New York, the country's most populous city with 8 million residents, could add momentum to the push to get shoppers to go green.
De Blasio's OneNYC environmental initiative has committed to entirely eliminating the transporting of garbage to landfills by 2030.
The bill, which was supported by the New York City Environmental Justice Alliance and other advocacy groups, makes exceptions for restaurants that offer take-out and delivery, and for people enrolled in government food assistance programs.
“The Council's legislation strikes the right balance, reducing reliance on single-use bags and incentivizing the use of reusable bags, while safeguarding consumers with some logical exemptions to protect vulnerable New Yorkers,” the mayor said.
Stores that violate the law could be fined $250 for the first offense and $500 for subsequent violations.
The American Progressive Bag Alliance, a industry group that strongly opposed the legislation, said the requirement would bring few environmental benefits while costing consumers millions of dollars.
“It's a minuscule portion of the litter waste stream so it won't produce any meaningful sustainability benefits,” said Phil Rozensky, policy chairperson of the alliance. “This definitely sends a signal that New York doesn't support manufacturing or recycling jobs.”
Earlier this month the court-appointed monitor overseeing the city's progress on police reform said Seattle still had steps to take before it's compliant with its U.S. Department of Justice settlement, the 2012 consent decree. The city attorney's office is now asking the court to rule otherwise: support that the city is done. At least, with the first phase.
The city attorney's office on Friday asked U.S. District Judge James Robart to determine Seattle compliant with the consent decree, arguing that the monitor's 10 assessments was enough to show the city has ended its pattern of excessive force. If the Western District of Washington court rules that SPD has complied, the city would still have to show it stays that way for another two years.
“We will continue to work, through the consent decree and under continued oversight from the monitor and court, to sustain the important reforms that have already taken place, build upon them, and implement the city's recent police accountability ordinance to ensure that reform will continue long after the end of federal oversight," city attorney Pete Holmes said in a statement.
The decision, by Holmes and Mayor Tim Burgess, would be the first time the city explicitly asks for the "full compliance" status from Robart since the process for police reform began five years ago. The DOJ sued the city and found patterns within the Seattle Police Department for excessive force and biased policing.
"The court should not require (the) city to address the 'outstanding elements' and other tasks in the monitor's recent compliance report before declaring full and effective compliance, despite the monitor's well-intentioned interest in exceeding the requirements of the consent decree," assistant city attorney Josh Johnson wrote in the statement. "The city shares that interest; it has embraced reform and taken it beyond what the decree requires. SPD's revised policies and practices exceed the requirements of the decree and have become nationally-lauded models."
That puts the city in conflict with court-appointed monitor Merrick Bobb's report earlier this month, which said the city made "great progress"—and out of the 10 assessments, Bobb said the city met all of them—but fell short of saying the city was compliant. Bobb listed some unfinished business, like labor negotiations with police unions and determining whether systemic issues were involved with the June shooting of Charleena Lyles.
Another point Bobb made: filling the position of the independent inspector general—"perhaps the single most important guarantee that the SPD will continue to practice constitutional policing beyond the life of the consent decree."
Sick of the ludicrous bankers bonuses that show no sign of ever stopping? bored of the way the corporates and the banks seem to operate beyond any moral code or law? tired of the way they flaunt their wealth and call people on the dole scroungers? bemused at just what ‘we're all in together' means?
A group of squatters has staged a protest against staff bonuses at the Royal Bank of Scotland – by occupying a flat above a branch of the bank in West Didsbury.
As far as I know the squat is still going on so go and show your support to the campaigners who have taken over a property on the first floor of the building on Lapwing Lane, making their point very clear by unfurling banners from the window protesting about the outrageous bonuses.
The campaigners moved into a property on the first floor of the building in Lapwing Lane and unfurled banners protesting at the bonuses paid out by the bank, which has a branch on the ground floor.
The flat is owned by a private landlord and not the RBS, meaning the bank is powerless to prevent the protest.
RBS, which is 84 per cent owned by the taxpayer, announced last month that it was paying ÃÂ£950m in bonuses to its investment bankers.
more on this story here
Sonu Nigam Interview – Exclusive Interview with HKYantoYan.com
A day before their performance in Hong Kong, we managed to exclusively catch up with the Bollywood singing sensation, Sonu Nigam. Read on as they intimate their thoughts with us, and shares some of their secrets to success.
You have been called the Golden Voice of India. How does that make you feel, and what do you attribute your success to?
The success of a person should be assessed more internally. Externally you may be the richest or most popular, but eventually, one realizes that success is from inside, and how secure you are. My success comes from my own understanding, assessment & evaluation of myself. Others' evaluation doesn't matter to me. In my cosmos inside, I am very much aware of what my success actually is, and how much hard work I have – and haven't – put. It's not just about money I've made, or how many fans I have; it's about how happy I am from within, and I'm genuinely very happy, which is where my success comes from.
Your fans have loved you on TV, and you haven't appeared on any TV show since X Factor in 2011. Is there a reason for this?
Every musical show comes to me first. After I choose and select which shows to do, they then approach others. I say this not with pride, but with a lot of pride! It's something which I deserve, having invested a lot of time understanding music. People respect my earnest and unbiased comments, but I've done enough of TV: Sa Re Ga Ma in 1995-2000; the first two seasons of Indian Idol in 2004; Lil' Champs in 2008; Chote Ustaad in 2010; X Factor in 2011. How long can I go on judging people? I don't relish being a judge anymore; everything looks the same to me, and I got bored. Of course, it brings in great money, but I'm happy with the money that I'm making. Unless I get another platform, wherein I am rejuvenated mentally and physically – maybe next year, or the year after…
Before you started singing, you had small acting parts in movies like Pyaar Dushman, Takdeer, and Kam Chor. You also acted in movies as an adult. Would you like to reprieve your acting career in Bollywood?
I understand that my fans want to see me in films, and I do have people coming to me with movie projects who know that I have the calibre to live up to it. There are two things that have stopped me from doing movies. Firstly, it has to be a right project on paper, which means an amalgamation of the right production house, release plan, co-actors, director, budget, and of course my role. Apart from Love in Nepal, there's no movie which I'm really proud of – but even that didn't have a proper release plan. My fans love me a lot, and they do not want to see me in a second-grade setup. The people that I work with have to be as sincere and fond of their art as I am, and not have any other motives or agendas. Only then would I think of working with them.
Secondly, I actually don't even have the time to invest in a movie.
Music in Bollywood films seems to be undergoing a major transition. There are a lot more singers in today's times, and more emphasis is given to masala songs. How does this compare with when you first started, and which would you prefer?
I've learnt that one should never criticise today and praise tomorrow. I see people comparing the joys of their times to today's tribulations, and I know that it's not really possible. Every generation has had their geniuses and duffers, relative to the intelligence of their era. We've seen both, good and bad work in every decade, and it's no different now. The only difference is that in my initial days of the early 90s, one had to already be proficient singer to become a professional singer. Unlike today, you couldn't be technically or digitally corrected then, and this has encouraged more people of today to try their hand at singing, thus bolstering competition. Competition is so tough, that it is difficult for anyone to really make a mark, unless one is really very talented. I'm lucky because I made a mark since the 90s, and my legacy comes from then so I don't really need to make an effort to stand out.
Speaking on the influx of new singers. Which new singers are you really found of?
In every generation, there are very good singers. In my times, my seniors were Udit Narayan, Kumar Sanu, Abhijeet Bhattacharya, and Vinod Rathod; before them there was Suresh Wadkar, Hariharan, and SP Balasubramaniam. Those who came after me include Shaan, KK, Kunaal Ganjawala, Kailash Kher, Shankar Mahadevan, Sukhvinder Singh, Neeraj Shridhar, Sunidhi Chauhan, and Shreya Ghosal, all of whom have made a great mark for themselves. In today's singers, Javed Ali and Benny Dayal are very good.
There has been a recent trend of music composers asking multiple singers to sing the same song. It has happened to you for “Tere Bin” from Dil To Bachcha Hai Ji, and “Phir Se” from Toh Baat Pakki. What do you think of this, and how does it have an effect on the singers or industry?
This trend is mainly followed by Pritam (music composer). They can make even nine singers sing the same song, from which they then selects the best ones. That's just their way of functioning. Of course, they respect me a lot, and they try to ensure that they don't do this with me. What happens is that composers go to various singers, and when they cannot find what they want, they then come to me, and I'm their last stop; but a lot of them don't come to me, because they know I wouldn't appreciate it if they went to someone after me. This doesn't bother me though, because I've done enough and I'm not hungry for songs; I don't need to be one of those nine singers for anybody. More importantly, I feel a composer should have a vision of who would suit their song best.
Which is your most memorable song?
While I have many number of memorable songs like the title songs of Kal Ho Naa Ho, Main Hoon Na, and Saathiya, Sande Se Aate Hai from Border, Yeh Dil from Pardes, Suraj Hua Madham from K3G, my most memorable one is Abhi Mujh Mein Kahin from Agneepath. I wanted a song which would consolidate my singing prowess. This song was not promoted by the film; it wasn't lip-synced, and they didn't even have a proper music video for it. It caught on by sheer word of mouth. My caliber is decided by the way people meet me.
Which are your latest songs, and what are your future projects?
Now Takedein from Warning has just been aired and is doing well, while God Allah aur Bhagwan from Krrish 3, Pitah from Boss, and Mahi Ve from Besharam are gaining popularity each day.
Also, I have recently started venturing into composing, and have composed music with my friend Vikram Ghosh for forthcoming films like Super Se Upar, Singh Saab The Great, Jal, and Happy Anniversary.
You have performed all over the world. Where did you enjoy performing the most?
Most recently, I enjoyed performing in Moscow. The place was beautiful and the show was awesome. I'd never expected such a large number of Russians to turn up and enjoy my songs.
Other places like the USA and UK have also been marvellous, and in some places the crowd were even moved to tears when I performed, which was very heartening.
The HKYantoYans are looking forward to your performance on 1st October, and we're sure you'll make it memorable for us. What can we do to make it memorable for you?
Just throng there, and I'll take there of the rest!
What advice would you give to the aspiring artists?
Humility. Never be so arrogant that you think you know everything. The arrogance of an artist makes them very small. You cannot say that your genre, or only the genre that you know is the best. When you open your heart and say that every genre is worth learning, you will know that there is an entire world of music to be learnt and appreciated, then the Cosmos will grant you success.
Sonu Nigam performed an enthralling show on 1st October in Hong Kong where the crowd sang along, laughed, cheered and even cried. Organized by Mercury Entertainment, the show was well received and produced.
What did you think about their Performance on 1st Oct? Leave your comment below in the comment section.
Did you like the article? Leave a comment below.
How long can the “special” relationship to the “Jewish State” be allowed to lead to the discrimination and marginalisation of Israel's critics and pro-Palestinian activists in Germany?
Or must we go to the moon to be safe from the Israel lobby?
You can be safe from the Israel Lobby, but only on the moon!
by Evelyn Hecht-Galinski, Translated by Dr. Milena Rampoldi
The Holocaust, the clash of civilisations, can no longer be exploited to make us blindly accept today's crimes by a people who were victims in the past. In replacing anti-Semitism, Philo-Semitism has assumed alarming dimensions and must not become a new, forward-pressing power.
In fact, the community of hypocritical states, and particularly Germany, will be again guilty of the dehumanization of another people.
With its Zionist state ideology, consequently practised since 1948 including dispossession, land grabbing, and ethnic cleansing of Palestine — all protected and financially supported by the U.S., Europe, and Germany in particular — the “Jewish State” has definitively abandoned all moral values so that for a long time now the term “values” has become a phrase for the values of hypocrites.
If the “Jewish State” calls itself the “only democracy in the Middle East,” then we have to strongly oppose it. How can the Israeli state, which is neither Judaic nor democratic, call itself “democratic”? Readers will certainly ask themselves why I always write “Jewish State” instead of “Israel”: Since this Zionist land grabbing state would like to be recognised as “Jewish State” instead of a state for all citizens, including Palestinians. And this is a completely anti-democratic intention!
In addition, all criticism of its crimes against international law and human rights are denigrated as anti-Semitism and hatred towards Jews, and the activists of the BDS campaign for a Free Palestine must be silenced. And exactly for this reason, the BDS movement is a thorn in the side of the “Jewish Occupiers‘state“ and the Israel lobby. However, Federica Mogherini, the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, defends the BDS movement. In October 2016 they condemned attacks against human rights advocates and affirmed the right of European citizens to freedom of speech and assembly. Unfortunately, many EU states do not comply with this principle. (1)
In the meantime, in the “Jewish State” not only NGOs and government-critical media are restricted with undemocratic laws. Also the Palestinian citizens and Jewish activists engaging for the BDS are pursued.
Travel bans do not stop in front of prominent Jewish intellectuals like Chomsky and Finkelstein. And we are waiting for criticism in vain! People would surely scream if it was about Turkey or Russia. However, in this case it is just about the “Jewish State” . . .
How is it possible that Germany and other EU states prohibit this right and drag it into the dirt under pressure of the “Jewish State” and Israel lobby?
In the end, the BDS movement has only one goal; Israel has to comply with its obligation to recognise the inalienable right of Palestinians to self-determination; has to stop the illegal occupation and colonisation of Palestine; has to remove the Apartheid wall running through the land stolen from the Palestinians; has to recognize the basic right of Palestinian-Israeli citizens for complete equality and to guarantee, respect, protect and request the legal rights of return of the dispossessed Palestinian refugees to their homeland Palestine and to their property, as agreed in the UN Resolution 194. When will the “Jewish State” recognize and apply Resolution 194? Finally, this was the condition for the acceptance of Israel in the United Nations! (2)
All these requests and objectives were confirmed in an endless number of UN resolutions. However, the ruling of the International Court of Justice, declaring that the construction of the Apartheid Wall in the occupied Palestinian territory was illegal, was ignored by the “Jewish State” like numerous other UN resolutions against the illegal settlements, and the violations against international law and human rights. Only one resolution was recognised by the “Jewish State”: the UN resolution 181, known as UN Partition Plan of 29 November 1947.
How can it be that every Jewish citizen has to right to go back to his/her alleged “homeland,” with all civil rights, while the dispossessed Palestinians are deprived of those rights? Is that democratic? No, it is not. It is deeply ethnocratic and racist!
All talk is just about “Muslim terrorism,” forgetting Jewish terrorists and political state terrorists who promote this kind of terrorism. Where in the world is there a state calling for the “murder of Arabs,” where children throwing stones are given more severe sentences than Jewish “Defence Soldiers” murdering Palestinians and subsequently being hailed as heroes and given “Man of the year” awards? Where is there a state where the majority of the Jewish population defends these murderers?
And why does this “Jewish State” recognised by the international community which up to now refuses to determine its borders continue to insist on the recognition of its own “right to exist”? And what is worse, how is it possible that a German federal government makes of this ominous “existence right” a reason of state and in addition forces refugees to accept this “existence right” as condition for an integration which “needs values”, decreeing it an “identity-forming lead culture”?
Is it not a travesty when the Central Council of Jews in Germany asks from the Muslim refugees to recognize the existence right of a state which has been refusing for decades to recognize the existence right of an independent Palestinian state and does not distance itself from the crimes against international law and human rights and the illegal Jewish occupation? Being afraid of the refugees bringing their denial of Israel and anti-Semitism to Germany, they exactly achieve the opposite, promoting a collective prejudice against refugees. Is this part of the tasks of the Central Council of Jews in Germany?
While at the moment there is such a hot debate about Turkish ministers talking at election meetings in Germany, there has never been such a discussion for Israeli politicians calling German and French citizens of Jewish faith to “come home to their homeland Israel.” Just a second: these “returnees” are preferably housed in illegal settlements. Why does nobody among politicians or intellectuals opposed to this in Germany? Why is there a double standard when it is about Jews or Israel?
Why today are we again witnessing Israeli lobby pressure that closes BDS bank accounts, restricts activists, and denies Jewish peace activists, scientists, and teachers agreed spaces controversial events and discussions being cancelled and universities withdrawing teaching assignments and the freedom to teach. Nip things in the bud!
Again in Germany “good” and “bad” Jews are selected. However, this time this results from the cooperation of the world of politics and the Israel lobby, some media and Christian Zionists. The “Christian-Jewish community of values” is giving up all moral values, and has found its mission in the war against “Islamic terrorism” as the new bogeyman.
The insidious “Israelization” of Germany is in full swing. How can you take an occupier state as a model and forget the 50 years long illegal occupation of Palestine?
Instead of celebrating government consultations with a Jewish regime of occupiers, Germany should put pressure on the “Jewish State” and threaten it with sanctions. When it was about Russia, Merkel was in the frontline!
Does all this correspond to “our” values and to the values of our constitution? How can Mum Merkel prescribe the German reason of state for the security of the “Jewish State,” a state committing genocide during the last attack against Gaza about which there will not be any Parliamentary Session. Merkel even called the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and expressed their solidarity with them and the “security” of their country. A questionable security the Western nations, led by the USA and Germany, will finance
with massive military expenditures and tax gifts permitting the illegal occupation and the attacks.
Israel is a highly-armed nuclear power and is a danger for world peace. It is only waiting to attack Lebanon or Iran. Günter Grass, one of the few serious intellectuals, said this, and was damned and defamed. I can personally confirm how deeply the Nobel laureate for literature and the sincere SPD politicians were struck by this defamation campaign.
Up to now I have been missing the partisanship of the elite, the intellectuals, the officeholders, and the “sincere ones of the socialist party,” when it is about the freedom for Palestine. They all remain cowardly silent when it is about the decades-long and well-documented crimes against the international law and human rights committed in the “Jewish State.” They simply fear to be labelled as anti-Semites.
This hypocrisy affects me a lot. If we look at the numerous wars and interventions we have been involved in up to now, including the Nobel prize for peace winner, the EU, and former US president Obama, we see how our “democratic values” have become a ridiculous parody. And the newly-elected US president Trump supports do the “Jewish State” in its rapacious settlement policies.
Because of its alleged “special” relationship, Germany and its government is obliged to convince its friends of the Jewish state to recognize international law and UN resolutions, and to guarantee to the Palestinians their inalienable right for self-determination, which should be a democratic self-evident fact for a German State, which in Article 1 of its constitution says that human dignity applies to all (Palestinians included) and is indivisible. This should apply also to a “Jewish State” being the alleged only democracy in the Middle East. However, until now, this has not occurred for decades.
The freedom of speech and teaching must apply also to the critics of the Israeli policies and must be defenced. This is what I expect from the German elite, who cowardly retreat in silence when it is about Israel. Where is the solidarity with the universities where the Israel lobby deeply interferes with the freedom of teaching?
Do we also want that here in Germany teachers engaging for a free Palestine has to emigrate, as many Israeli intellectuals do? Let us think about Ilan Pappe, teaching in exile in Exeter today. Also they should not have a ban on speaking in Germany as a descendant of Holocaust survivors only because of the pressure by the Israel lobby.
We should oppose together to the title of my book “Das elfte Gebot:Israel darf alles” (English translation of the title: The 11th Commandment: Israel is allowed to do all).
And to the question of FAZ on the occasion of a controversy at the court with the Jewish Spiegel-Welt journalist and islamophobe porno writer H.M. Broder “What is a Jewish woman in Germany allowed to say against Israel?” I would like to answer: “All, of course, and in particular the truth!” More or less polemically, but straight from the heart! And I do not want to avoid doing that!
Or must we go to the moon to be safe from the Israel lobby?
Originally posted AT
Example: Designing for high usability through Google Material Design.
Chart: Distribution of permission groups use across Arcade Games category.
If you're building an arcade game, you many only need a very few permission settings, if any.
Review benchmarks in the Developer Console uses machine learning to give you insights about what users are saying about your app and how it affects your rating.
We're constantly working on ways to make Google Play a great place for users to discover apps and games they'll love. We know this is crucial to most developers ongoing success. There are steps you can take to ensure your app is primed for success – that's why we're sharing a reminder of some of our top tips for getting your app discovered on Google Play.First, build for quality. Android users expect high-quality apps. App quality directly influences the long-term success of your app - in terms of installs, user rating and reviews, engagement, and user retention. These are some of the factors that go into our search and discovery systems that help discern what apps to recommend and surface across our Google Play experiences. When building your app, check against the quality criteria , and use what you need from the material design guidelines to make sure you are delivering a highly usable experience. Also, be sure to test your app for functional quality. Opt-in to the pre-launch report for your alpha and beta apps in the Google Play Developer Console and you'll receive a report for each APK showing how it performs on real devices. This will help you identify crashes and other issues before you release your app.Second, be considerate on which permission settings to enable for your app. We see that there are some apps that ask for very sensitive permissions, even when the app doesn't use them. (For example, a camera app asking for read and write permissions to call logs.) Excessive app permissions may dissuade users from installing your app. In fact, one study , in which users were shown two unbranded apps with similar ratings that had the same functionality but different sets of permission requests, showed that users were, on average, 3 times more likely to install the app with fewer permissions requests. And a similar study showed that users are 1.7 times more likely, on average, to select the application with fewer permission requests. The rule of thumb is to enable permissions that are only essential to your app. Read the best practices for app permissions Lastly, be attentive to user feedback. It's ultimately the users who drive our search and discovery systems. When you hear user feedback about bugs or other issues, we recommend engaging with the feedback and, if needed, updating your app in a timely manner. Having an up-to-date app that reflects your user's feedback can help you gain more installs, engagement, and higher ratings. Beta testing is a good way to get feedback from real users before launch. You can also check the ratings and reviews section of the Developer Console to see an analysis of what users are saying about your app and how that is affecting your rating compared to similar apps.Google Play strives to help users find and discover the most safe, high quality, useful, and relevant apps. Building apps that put user's interest first will help you be successful in Google Play. For more tips and best practices for building a successful app business on Google Play, get the Playbook for Developers app
By Robert Romano
Richard Nixon had 18 missing minutes of audio. Barack Obama has 18 missing emails to Hillary Clinton on their server.
Now it turns out Hillary Clinton in 1974 argued that executive privilege could not shield a president from a Congressional subpoena. “Hillary Rodham drafted a rather authoritative legal memorandum shredding the notion that President Nixon could rightfully invoke the doctrine of executive privilege to shield themselves from the subpoenas of the Watergate special prosecutors,” Donald Russo wrote in the Morning Call in 1998, recounting Hillary Clinton's work on the Watergate scandal for the House Judiciary Committee and Special Prosecutor John Doar, arguing that executive privilege could not be used to block Congressional subpoenas.
So perhaps it came as a surprise to Clinton when on March 4, 2015, the exact day they were served with a Congressional subpoena for their private email server — which illegally contained classified information — John Podesta was wondering in an email to Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills if the emails between Clinton and President Barack Obama would be shielded by the doctrine of executive privilege.
“Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of their exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will,” wrote Podesta.
The Clinton-Obama emails were later held from disclosure by the State Department in Freedom of Information Act request, under the guise of executive privilege. At a Jan. 29 State Department briefing, spokesperson John Kirby told reporters, “I can confirm that 18 emails comprised of eight distinct email chains between former Secretary Clinton and President Obama are being withheld in full from the State Department's FOIA production today of…former Secretary Clinton's emails… As the White House has previously stated, Secretary Clinton and the President did on occasion exchange emails. As they have also said previously, such presidential records shall remain confidential to protect the President's ability to receive unvarnished advice and counsel…”
So, here we go again.
In the U.S. v. Nixon in 1974, the Supreme Court unanimously ended up agreeing with Clinton that executive privilege could not shield a President from a Congressional subpoena: “To read the Art. II powers of the President as providing an absolute privilege as against a subpoena essential to enforcement of criminal statutes on no more than a generalized claim of the public interest in confidentiality of nonmilitary and nondiplomatic discussions would upset the constitutional balance of “a workable government” and gravely impair the role of the courts under Art. III.”
The court added, “the allowance of the privilege to withhold evidence that is demonstrably relevant in a criminal trial would cut deeply into the guarantee of due process of law and gravely impair the basic function of the courts… We conclude that when the ground for asserting privilege as to subpoenaed materials sought for use in a criminal trial is based only on the generalized interest in confidentiality, it cannot prevail over the fundamental demands of due process of law in the fair administration of criminal justice. The generalized assertion of privilege must yield to the demonstrated, specific need for evidence in a pending criminal trial.”
Keep that in mind, because it would appear that the State Department was engaged in deleting emails even after Congress issued the subpoena on March 4, 2015. The same day the subpoena was issued, State Department officials were openly apparently discussing which emails to delete, according to Wikileaks. That was weeks before the email hard copies were destroyed with Bleachbit. By March 10, 2015, Clinton revealed at a press conference they had deleted about 32,000 emails.
That is destruction of evidence under Congressional subpoena, which is illegal under 18 U.S. Code § 1519, entitled “Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcy”. That statute says, “Whoever knowingly alters, destroy, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsifies, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both.”
Meaning, if Congress and the Justice Department actually do their jobs, this matter will wind up in a criminal proceeding, meaning the doctrine of executive privilege cannot be cited. The Obama-Clinton emails would have to be released to Congressional investigators. The executive privilege is a sideshow, though. The clear destruction of evidence after the subpoena was issued is the crime that now looms like a dark cloud over Clinton's head.
Robert Romano is the senior editor of Americans for Limited Government.
A rescue organization in Calgary has been charged in connection to an animal being in distress.
Furever Homes Rescue Society and its president Carmen Elaraj have been charged under the Animal Protection Act.
The charges are related to distress caused to a dog, which took place over a three day period in September of this year, according to the Calgary Humane Society.
“There are animal care duties prescribed by the Animal Protection Act which are legal obligations whether it relates to a single pet or to a larger population in a retail or shelter setting," said Brad Nichols, Manager of Cruelty Investigations, in a statement.
"Adequate medical care is not optional," they said. "When an animal is suffering, that suffering must be rectified."
Elaraj is scheduled to appear in court on Jan. 27, 2014.
Also on HuffPost
The unusual auction of the internet top level domain (TLD) .web has attracted an investigation from the United States department of Justice. The company, Verisign, who bought the .web domain also verified this in a conference.
The company's CEO, Jim Bidzos disclosed this during Verisign's quarterly earnings conference call, on Thursday February 9, 2016. While addressing investors, Jim Bidzos noted that on January 18 the registry had received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the antitrust division of the DoJ, which requested “certain information relating to Verisign's potential operation of the .web gTLD.”
However, Bidzos did not reveal more information surrounding the probe, apart from saying that the company had already given out some details to the DoJ. They also noted that they are fully cooperating with the antitrust department and they are going forward.
The CEO further stated that however warned that any information that goes beyond what they already said is a mere speculation and should not be taken seriously. When they were asked about the CID, Baldos clearly stated that in their view, the “industry is extremely competitive.”
When the .web was auctioned to Verisign in July 2016, the huge amount of money involved ($135M) attracted a lot of attentions. The sales skyrocketed thrice the previous record price for a top-level domain, and even seven times higher than the average auction price for a new internet extension.
During its Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly report, in 2016, quoted the company to have said that “subsequent to June 30, 2016, the Company incurred a commitment to pay approximately $130.0 million for the future assignment of contractual rights, which are subject to third-party consent. The payment is expected to occur during the third quarter of 2016.
What made the whole scenario even more suspicious is that the company Nu Dot Co, who won the bidding is not very popular, in addition, it has been accused of being a shell company for a larger corporate entity. Speculations at that time were that the company was operating or biding under proxy to favor the other company sponsoring it, whose identity was not disclosed.
Additionally, seven companies bided for the .web TLDS, all of them well-known companies in the internet infrastructure field. However, out of the seven companies only Nu Dot Co refused to take part in a private auction. If they had opted for the private option, the money would have been shared between the companies rather, but for the public auction the money would be given to ICANN, who is the domain name overseer.
History of TLD Controversy
This is not the first time Verisign is entangled in such controversy. On June 5 2009 the 9th Circuit partly reversed and remanded antitrust claims in relation to the operation of .net and .com extensions in a case brought against it and the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Though a district court had granted VeriSign's motion to dismiss the claims, the 9th Circuit thought otherwise by holding that the plaintiff adequately stated .com related conspiracy and claims of monopolization. The plaintiff had adequately accused VeriSign and ICANN of conspiring to eliminate competition in the bidding for future contracts to administer the .com registry. They had further noted that both conspired to set artificially high prices for VeriSign's services. The plaintiff also accused VeriSign of monopolizing or attempting to monopolize the .com registration market by coercing ICANN to agree with it through various improper means.
Something fishy going on?
When the speculation gained more intensity, certain rival companies started suspecting something fishy. One of the companies who smelt a rat, applied through ICANN's appeal system to halt the auction until more they are able to get more information about who was behind Nu Dot Co. ICANN hurriedly declined the request in record time. On a normal day, such request typically takes ICANN more than a month to review and decide upon – but it only took four days to make such decision.
Donuts, which is the rival company, in an attempt to get a temporary restriction order on the auction, sued ICANN. Donuts in the suit claimed that that ICANN had failed to identify who was really in charge of the company. In response to the suit senior executives of Nu Dot Co and ICANN signed affidavits where they claimed that only the people listed as being Nu Dot Co executives were in charge of the company.
Court refused to grant the restraining order, and the auction reached a record high but in less than a week, Verisign accepted that it was behind the company. They confirmed this in a SEC filing that it had acquired the rights to a new top-level domain for $130m.
Apart from the fact that the sales looked suspicious, especially the way ICANN actively pushed the auction to move ahead, the money paid and the unusual way it was acquired has raised concerns of eliminating competition.
Question of Dominance
Verisign already dominates the market for internet domains with 141 million names under its operation of .com and .net internet registry. This makes it ten times larger than its biggest competitor.
According to industry experts, the $135m purchase price for .web, in addition with the increasingly competitive market, the Verisign may unlikely turn a profit.
Competitors are of the opinion that “web” is one of the few names that could compete directly with the dominant “.com” internet extension.
They are therefore accusing Verisign of abusing its dominant market position by paying several times the commercial value of the .web name so they would limit competition.
What Lies ahead for the .Web and Verisign?
According to what Bidzos had earlier said, the DoJ investigations, appears to focus on what Verisign intends to do with .web once it is live.
Since .web would be the new gTLD best positioned as an alternative to .com, raking millions annually for Verisign, it would make perfect sense for Verisign to flush the $135 million and bury .web, instead of having a viable competitor on the market.
For more information or to do a domain name availability check visit www.freeparking.co.nz/domain-names/
LUCKNOW: UP government may have been making effort to improve power situation by wheeling in power from external sources, its own proposed power plants have come to find their fate in doldrums. On Friday, the deadline for completing the construction of as many as six power plants with a total installed capacity of over 5000 Mw expired, almost seven years after they were conceptualized during the Mayawati government.The projects, proposed under the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) route in 2009 have been a non-starters. The projects were given three extensions June 2012, December 2013, and June 2015 by the Akhilesh government. But this did not make any difference as the fate of the projects remained uncertain in the absence of coal linkages. Sources in energy department said the state government had to provide land, while the Centre had to provide coal linkages. "The state government provided the land, but none of the projects got the linkages. This has now put a question over the fate of these projects," said a senior official.The Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission is now expected to decide the fate of these projects. UPERC chairperson Desh Deepak Verma told TOI that the commission will soon take a decision about the future of these projects. In all, eight power projects were proposed during the BSP rule in 2009. But expect for 1,980 MW Lalitpur power plant, all seven have remained a non-starter. The count came down to six projects after Torrent backed out of the agreement for setting up a 1,320 MW power plant in Sandila (Hardoi).The projects have been given extension by the Samajwadi Party thrice in the past -- in June 2012, December 2013 and finally in June 2015. But that hardly made a difference even as the fate of the projects remained uncertain in the absence of coal linkages.Power consumer associations like UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad claim the private companies given these projects were only interested in getting the land resources. "We have already asked CM Akhilesh Yadav not to give any further extension to the projects," said Upbhogta Parishad president Avdhesh Verma.
Andreas Schildbach
Hero Member
Offline
Activity: 483
Merit: 500
ModeratorHero MemberActivity: 483Merit: 500 Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 11, 2013, 09:48:23 AM #1
The changes are massive:
Now requires Gingerbread (Android 2.3.3) or later.
Export/import encrypted private key backups to/from mail or online storage.
Switch to new block store format, uses seriously less internal storage and doesn't grow.
New installations are instantly fully updated and useable.
Got rid of block chain snapshot in APK, installs updates much faster.
Lots of small improvements and bugfixes.
Based on bitcoinj 0.8.
If you want to take advantage of the new block store format, you need to reset your blockchain once (Options > Settings > Reset Blockchain).
Download/update from Google Play:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.wallet
(update will become available during the next hours)
Direct download:
https://code.google.com/p/bitcoin-wallet/downloads/list
Source:
https://code.google.com/p/bitcoin-wallet/source/checkout
Thanks to everyone who contributed to Bitcoin Wallet and bitcoinj. Mike Hearn again invested lots of work to make mobile wallets work just as snappy as online wallets, but without the disadvantages of online wallets.
I'm proud to announce version 3.0 of Bitcoin Wallet.The changes are massive:If you want to take advantage of the new block store format, you need to reset your blockchain once (Options > Settings > Reset Blockchain).Download/update from Google Play:(update will become available during the next hours)Direct download:Source:Thanks to everyone who contributed to Bitcoin Wallet and bitcoinj. Mike Hearn again invested lots of work to make mobile wallets work just as snappy as online wallets, but without the disadvantages of online wallets.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
Mike Hearn
Offline
Activity: 1526
Merit: 1007
LegendaryActivity: 1526Merit: 1007 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 11, 2013, 04:57:49 PM #5 Great work Andreas!
100x, for new users (and old users if they reset/replay their chain), only the last 5000 headers are stored. This is enough to handle a re-org over 2 months deep, which has never happened in the history of Bitcoin and hopefully never will (it would mean Bitcoin has completely broken, essentially).
Bandwidth usage should be minimal. On the order of a few megabytes a month, if that (it can be much less but it depends on how much you use it of course).
Andreas Schildbach
Hero Member
Offline
Activity: 483
Merit: 500
ModeratorHero MemberActivity: 483Merit: 500 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 11, 2013, 07:33:28 PM #8 Quote from: 100x on April 11, 2013, 04:46:40 PM How much space does it use on the phone?
Also do you know roughly how much bandwith it uses in on month? My cell provider throttles after 2.5 GB I have heard
It boils down to 5-6 MB internal storage usage for the app including all data.
I get along with a 300 MB/month contract, and I also sync+read my email, news and do the occasional browsing. According to "Data usage" the app has used 30.3 MB during the last month, although I'm not sure I'm reading it right.
It boils down to 5-6 MB internal storage usage for the app including all data.I get along with a 300 MB/month contract, and I also sync+read my email, news and do the occasional browsing. According to "Data usage" the app has used 30.3 MB during the last month, although I'm not sure I'm reading it right.
yossarian
Offline
Activity: 492
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 492Merit: 500 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 11, 2013, 08:53:08 PM #9
I've been using this app for roughly 2 years now and it keeps getting better and better.
Donation is on its way! +1I've been using this app for roughly 2 years now and it keeps getting better and better.Donation is on its way!
Buy and sell BTC via SEPA:
Bitmessage: BM-2DAoXPtLdQEnR2iSneCTjpgRPtzXsSAi1m I'm always buying and selling BTC, PM me for details. Rating and GPG-key: http://is.gd/yossarian Buy and sell BTC via SEPA: https://www.bitcoin.de/r/nrnxg6 Bitmessage: BM-2DAoXPtLdQEnR2iSneCTjpgRPtzXsSAi1m
kwukduck
Offline
Activity: 1941
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1941Merit: 1000 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 12, 2013, 03:24:47 AM
Last edit: April 12, 2013, 03:39:57 AM by kwukduck #10 Still no security features... With lots of people getting into bitcoin this is essential i think.
My phone goes around my friends and family quite a lot, to view pictures, browse the web, play games, so it's out of my sight from time to time.
I don't want anyone to be able to just spend my coins like that if they wish.
I know bitcoin is like cash, but it should be protected by some kind of wallet encryption that requires a password/pin before you can spend whatever is in there.
Time to take this serious i think... I've been nagging about this for what, a year now? xD And i'm sorry if it gets boring and annoying, it's too important to not have this feature i think. 14b8PdeWLqK3yi3PrNHMmCvSmvDEKEBh3E
kwukduck
Offline
Activity: 1941
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1941Merit: 1000 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 12, 2013, 03:42:11 AM #11 Quote from: stan.distortion on April 12, 2013, 03:32:13 AM Quote from: kwukduck on April 12, 2013, 03:24:47 AM Still no security features... With lots of people getting into bitcoin this is essential i think.
My phone goes around my friends and family quite a lot, to view pictures, browse the web, play games, so it's out of my sight from time to time.
I don't want anyone to be able to just spend my coins like that if they wish.
I know bitcoin is like cash, but it should be protected by some kind of wallet encryption that requires a password/pin before you can spend whatever is in there.
Time to take this serious i think... I've been nagging about this for what, a year now? xD And i'm sorry if it gets boring and annoying, it's too important to not have this feature i think.
What kind of security? Typing in a PIN is a pain in the ass, maybe voice patterns? Guess thumbprint readers are a way off mainstream yet :/
What kind of security? Typing in a PIN is a pain in the ass, maybe voice patterns? Guess thumbprint readers are a way off mainstream yet :/
Typing a pin is a pain in the ass? Are you kidding me? Everybody is messaging and browsing with their smart phones all day long and typing a pin is too much? O_o
Anyway, it should be optional, if you don't wish to use it fine, don't, but i'm pretty sure a lot of mobile users would appreciate some security features that protect our wallet. Typing a pin is a pain in the ass? Are you kidding me? Everybody is messaging and browsing with their smart phones all day long and typing a pin is too much? O_oAnyway, it should be optional, if you don't wish to use it fine, don't, but i'm pretty sure a lot of mobile users would appreciate some security features that protect our wallet. 14b8PdeWLqK3yi3PrNHMmCvSmvDEKEBh3E
Andreas Schildbach
Hero Member
Offline
Activity: 483
Merit: 500
ModeratorHero MemberActivity: 483Merit: 500 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 13, 2013, 01:51:29 PM #12
I will probably offer pin or password initially and experiment with NFC tags and other tokens.
Gesture patterns do not offer any security at all. Wallet encryption is on track but it still needs quite some work. For example, the internal backup system must be reimplemented (there is no point in encryption if the automatic backups remain unencrypted).I will probably offer pin or password initially and experiment with NFC tags and other tokens.Gesture patterns do not offer any security at all. Look at this video , I think you'll understand even without understanding German.
Mike Hearn
Offline
Activity: 1526
Merit: 1007
LegendaryActivity: 1526Merit: 1007 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 13, 2013, 02:22:18 PM #13 There used to be apps on the play store that let you lock arbitrary other apps behind PINs or other features, so you couldn't open them. They worked for any app not just ones that supported it. Do those apps still exist? If so it seems like a better feature than reimplementing everything in Bitcoin Wallet.
Bear in mind you can already encrypt your entire phone such that the keys are released only when your screen is unlocked. I think the use case of people who routinely give their phone unlocked to someone they don't trust is rare, and Android tablets since 4.2 support multiple users, which is a better way to solve the issue.
So I am not really convinced this is the best use of time.
Now, having said that, what would be useful is if the wallet could be partially encrypted such that you have a small amount spendable with lax security and a larger amount that maybe requires a password or NFC tag to unlock. In bitcoinj you'd implement this with two wallets created simultaneously, one unlocked, and then some code that sent Bitcoins between them (using real transactions to ensure the outputs were of the right size).
In this way you could have an NFC tag with your password in it, and mostly when you spend money you just do it and don't have to do anything, and you'd keep your NFC tag at home on your table. When you charge your phone at night you rest it on the NFC tag and now both wallets are unlocked and your pocket money can fill up again.
sbrzol
Offline
Activity: 569
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 569Merit: 500 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 15, 2013, 09:55:20 PM #15 Can i use this wallet to deposit and get back winning from bit365 sportsbook?
"Only use Bitcoin wallets that allow you to receive BTC from the same address you sent from."
FreeTrade
Offline
Activity: 1162
Merit: 1010
LegendaryActivity: 1162Merit: 1010 Re: Bitcoin Wallet 3.0 available! April 18, 2013, 06:41:58 PM #17
Wondering about this . . . .
>Now requires Gingerbread (Android 2.3.3) or later.
What was the dependency or thought behind moving to Gingerbread?
Here's the current version penetration stats -
http://developer.android.com/about/dashboards/index.html
I'm seeing 1.7% on 2.1 and 4% on 2.2
Quite small numbers, but I think one of the most secure ways to use Bitcoin, especially for a newbie, is to use an old, cheap, android phone as a dedicated hardware wallet. However I think a lot of these phones won't be compatible with BW3.
Thanks for the amazing update Andreas - great to finally have a real Bitcoin wallet that doesn't need the whole blockchain.Wondering about this . . . .>Now requires Gingerbread (Android 2.3.3) or later.What was the dependency or thought behind moving to Gingerbread?Here's the current version penetration stats -I'm seeing 1.7% on 2.1 and 4% on 2.2Quite small numbers, but I think one of the most secure ways to use Bitcoin, especially for a newbie, is to use an old, cheap, android phone as a dedicated hardware wallet. However I think a lot of these phones won't be compatible with BW3. HODLCoin ANN - 5% Interest. No Staking Req. Term Deposits 10%. Solo Mining. http://hodlcoin.com/
Oslo Mikrobryggeri Bitter, at the brewpub
I did another post on this subject back in May 2006, but since then I have done lots more ratings of Norwegian beer, and a number of new breweries have appeared, and so it seems about high time to revisit the subject. The basis of this overview is 320 ratings of Norwegian beers, starting in September 2005 and ending yesterday.
The table was produced by downloading my ratings in a CSV from RateBeer, and then using a Python script to compute the averages. My RateBeer ratings include ciders and perries (pear ciders), but I've filtered those out, since we're really interested in beer here, and not other kinds of products.
So, without further ado, here is the table. The "New" column has the number of new ratings from the brewery since the previous posting. If empty, the brewery is new this time around. The "Change" column has the change to the average since the previous posting.
Brewery Average Ratings New Change Nøgne Ø 3.73 22 +13 -0.16 Haandbryggeriet 3.61 17 +10 -0.08 Ølve på Egge 3.6 3 Valdres Gardsbryggeri 3.45 2 Lillehammer Bryggeri 3.45 4 Møllebyen Mikrobryggeri 3.27 14 Ægir Bryggeri 3.21 6 Oslo Mikrobryggeri 3.19 13 +9 -0.10 Trondhjem Mikrobryggeri 3.12 7 Dalane Brygghus 3.1 4 Kalfaret Brygghus 2.95 4 Aass 2.94 33 +21 -0.05 Berentsens Brygghus 2.92 9 +7 -0.77 Mack 2.77 27 +19 -0.12 Inderøy Gårdsbryggeri 2.71 6 Lervig Aktiebryggeri 2.68 5 Små Vesen Bryggeri 2.68 5 Hansa Borg 2.56 40 +19 -0.13 Ringnes 2.49 58 +22 -0.00 Grans 2.04 20 +12 -0.15 Trio 1.93 3
The first thing to note is the number of new breweries. Two years ago I had 10 breweries in the list, while this time around there are 21. (Two brewers, Atna and Baatbryggeriet, have gone out of business in the meantime, and are not in the table.) Of the 12 new breweries, 5 are genuinely new, and 7 existed in 2006 without me having been able to find any of their beers.
Industrial beer en masse, Drammen, Norway
Another thing to note is that all the brewers (except Ringnes) have seen their average decline since 2006. This is probably because my ratings are now stricter than they were back then. The declines are pretty small, however, so I don't consider this a real problem. (Berentsen is an exception, but this is because in 2006 I'd only rated 2 of their best beers, and have since added 7 more, of which most are boring pilseners.)
As in 2006 the table divides almost completely into craft breweries at the top, and industrials at the bottom. Aass is the first industrial (as in 2006), and below it are all industrials, except for Inderøy and Små Vesen, which are craft breweries.
Craft brewers
Nøgne Ø and Haandbryggeriet take the first two spots, just as they did in 2006, and in my opinion (which I think is generally shared) this is entirely right. The gap between them has closed a little, which is also fair, given that Haandbryggeriet has both improved their beers and started brewing more adventurous beers.
Having Ølve på Egge and Valdres Gardsbryggeri in third and fourth place respectively may not be entirely right, I have to confess, but note that they only have 3 and 2 beers each. Both are older Norwegian micros, each with its own very distinctive style. Ølve makes beers that are rather like the traditional Norwegian farm ales which predate the introduction of lager beers, while Valdres Gardsbryggeri make mild versions of the best-known English beer styles. Both are very hard to find.
Lillehammer Bryggeri is a brewpub that started last year. They have only shopped strength beers, which for the moment are only sold in the brewpub. We visited them earlier this year. They are certainly every bit as good as Valdres, and probably better.
Møllebyen Mikrobryggeri is a brewpub in Moss I wrote about in 2006 and again in 2007. The brewery got a new brewer in late 2006, and since then the beers have improved considerably. Their beers are good, but generally very mild to cater to the local audience, and this has probably depressed their ranking somewhat.
Ægir Bryggeri is another brewpub that was started last year in Flåm, in the heart of the fjord country, by American Evan Lewis. The six shop strength beers that have been distributed so far have been very competent US-style beers, and I'm really looking forward to trying some stronger beers from this brewery. The pub itself is also quite spectacular, as is its location, so another trip there (it's just my luck to have been in Flåm twice right before they opened) would also be nice.
Oslo Mikrobryggeri and Trondheim Mikrobryggeri are two brewpubs owned by the same company, which make quite similar beers, mostly English beer styles. Their beers are not bad, but could certainly be better, and I feel they belong here, near the bottom of the craft part of the table.
Dalane Brygghus is a new micro brewery from southwestern Norway, and so far I've only tried to find four of their beers (procured through beer friends). Two of these were near the mean in the table, one was well above, and one was well below. So it's a bit early to say definitively whether they are in the right spot in the table or not. I look forward to trying more of their beers.
Industrial brewers
Norwegian beer
Above I implicitly said that Kalfaret Brygghus was a craft brewery, but this is disputable. Kalfaret is a brewpub opened in the old Hansa brewery by Hansa (see below), and while their beers are mostly English-style ales they are certainly brewed in an industrial interpretation of these styles. So I would probably on balance consider them industrial, and I'm reasonably happy with their position in the table.
Aass is one of the big five remaining traditional industrial brewers, but one that has stuck to its principles as a maker of relatively high-quality traditional industrial lagers. They have a number of uninteresting products, as well as a few quite good ones. Unlike in 2006 I'm now pretty sure I consider them the best of the industrials, and I think they belong where they are in the table.
Berentsens Brygghus is a small family-run brewery in southwestern Norway that is actually over a century old. As with Aass, their portfolio consists of both less interesting beers and some really good ones. I particularly liked the Christmas beer they introduced last year. Like Aass, they are a quality industrial producer, and I think they belong about where they are.
Mack is another of the big five remaining traditional industrial brewers, and has an additional claim to fame through being the northernmost brewery in the world. They are also a quality industrial, although in my opinion not quite as good as Aass.
Inderøy Gårdsbryggeri is a new micro craft brewer, producing only shop-strength beers, and their ratings have suffered a bit for that. So far their ratings have been mostly middling, but as they start hitting their stride I'd expect them to creep up the list a bit.
Lervig Aktiebryggeri is a small industrial brewer from the Stavanger area, started in 2003 in protest against the acquisition of the local industrial brewer. Unfortunately, it was decided to replace a worthless industrial brewer with a slightly more worthy industrial brewer, and so for people who care more about the taste than where the beer is made this was not much of a step forward at all.
Små Vesen is another new micro craft brewer. The name literally means "Little Creatures", and hints at the old folk belief that little fairy creatures were responsible for the fermentation of beer. Their head brewer actually has a degree in wine production, and perhaps because of this their brews are much drier and more acidic than what is usual, which does not agree with everyone. In addition they have—ironically, given the name—had problems with infections, which has hurt their ratings even more. This is another craft brewer I expect will do better once they have settled in properly.
Hansa Borg is the second biggest national brewer. Their products might perhaps be marginally better than those of the next entrant, Ringnes, which is the biggest national brewer. Ringnes does have a few quite good products, but most products from both breweries are better passed over in silence.
Grans are another of the big industrial brewers, but was started in opposition to the market dominance of the traditional brewers. Grans's selling point is the price of their products, which is low. Unfortunately, the ratings are likewise low (notice the distance up to Ringnes). I find that most of their products have a recognizable rubbery grainy character to them, and prefer to pay a bit more for my beers.
Trio is a small regional industrial, now owned by Mack, which has managed to achieve the rather dubious distinction of scoring even lower than Grans. I think I shall be kind to them and not say any more.
Pilsener is water
Missing brewers
There are actually some Norwegian breweries missing from the above list, but now we are getting into the seriously obscure breweries, where you basically need a car and a couple of days off to be able to get hold of any of their products. The missing ones are:
Det Lille Bryggeri, craft, 2 beers
Mo Laksegard, brewpub, 3 beers
Nordkapp Mikrobryggeri, brewpub, 1 beer
There exist a couple of even smaller breweries, in tourist cabins in the high mountains and so on, but I'll pass over those for now.
Conclusion
In summing up, I think it's fair to say that Norwegian brewing has made great strides forward in the two years since my last overview. We have five new craft breweries, and have lost only two. The distribution of the beers from the craft breweries has improved substantially, so that it's now possible to get hold of beers from most of the craft breweries in Oslo.
The main thing that remains now is for the Norwegian public to wake up to the fact there exists beer other than poor industrial pale lager, but this process is likely to take several years still.
Rafa Marquez has enjoyed one of the most successful careers of any Mexican player.
Longtime Mexico international Rafa Marquez is nearing a return to their first club, Atlas, with ESPN Deportes and other outlets reporting a deal is in place with their current team Hellas Verona.
The 36-year-old former Barcelona defender is scheduled to travel to Guadalajara on Saturday, and could sign for Los Rojinegros as early as Sunday, with a possible presentation on Monday, according to ESPN Deportes.
Atlas sporting director Heriberto Morales confirmed on Wednesday that "Rafa is very interested in coming" and that the Liga MX outfit was in talks with Hellas Verona. The club also sent out a tweet Friday that seemed to hint at Marquez's return, indicating, "Some loves are eternal."
Hay amores que son eternos... ��⚫️ - Atlas FC (@atlasfc) December 18, 2015
Marquez left Atlas when they were 20 and has enjoyed one of the most successful careers of any Mexican player, with perhaps only Hugo Sanchez having done more in Europe.
Marquez moved to Monaco from Atlas in 1999 and won Ligue 1 in their first season. From there they went on to Barcelona in 2003, with whom they won four La Liga titles and two UEFA Champions Leagues.
A difficult spell at MLS franchise New York Red Bulls followed in 2010, before they returned to Mexico with Club Leon, where they were an integral part of La Fiera winning back-to-back Liga MX titles. Then Marquez made a shock move in August 2014 to Hellas Verona in Serie A, but they have always maintained a desire to retire at Atlas.
The Zamora, Michoacan native is the only player in history to captain their national team in four separate World Cups, and they are still involved in the Mexico national team set-up.
A video was posted on social media earlier this week showing a student wearing a hijab and hiding their face as someone took the headscarf off their head, exposing their hair to the classroom.
As they try to readjust the religious head covering other students can be seen playing with my hair.
The video was posted on Snapchat along with the caption, “pretty hair.” The video was taken at the New Vision Academy Charter School in Nashville. A second video was also posted with the caption, “lol all that hair cover up.”
— Mother awarded $750,000 settlement for their daughter's suicide —
A viewer sent the recording to a news station after viewing it on social media after it was reportedly posted from the teacher's social media account.
The viewer was unhappy with the video because it seemed like the girl was being told their hair was too pretty to be covered.
The video was shown to Kasar Abdulla, who offers Muslim diversity and sensitivity training in schools. They just shook their head as they watched it.
“As a female, and as a mother of three daughters, it should never be okay to rip off an article of clothing off of a female, period,” said Abdulla.
They said they were disappointed that this happened in school but not shocked.
“I highly encourage those faculty members in that particular school to take a crash course on why the hijab is so important to some of my students, and why my students cover up. It's a symbol of who you are, and it's a symbol of your faith, and it's a symbol of your identity. So, it needs to be accepted and recognized,” Abdulla said.
When contacted by the media, the principal, Dr. Tim Malone began investigating immediately.
At first, they said the teacher denied recording the video and said touching the hijab was not done out of disrespect.
The girl's mother and sister were very upset after they watched the video, saying, “This should never happen.”
“I understand peer-to-peer, student-to-student interactions, but as adults, it is our duty to model for them,” Abdulla said. “It concerns me. I question, where was the teacher in this incident, and what role did the teacher play? I would like to know some answers from the administration.”
The teacher has since been suspended without pay.
Chris Floyd , Published: 25 November 2014 Hits: 4251
Oh dear. Rand Paul, favorite candidate of those who dream of an anti-imperial coalition of hardcore libertarians and the antiwar left, has popped many a bubble this week with their proposed Senate bill to declare war on ISIS.
Supporters will doubtless say that Paul (like another young politician on the make who served as a blank screen for their followers' aspirations for genuine hope and change) is merely playing "11th dimensional chess" with the move, trying to put America's war machine back on a Constitutional footing, while outflanking potential rivals for the GOP nomination who might otherwise have painted them as "soft" on killing large amounts of people with massive amounts of expensive and profitable machinery.
But Paul is not simply calling the war machine's bluff. As Antiwar.com points out, they have already been supporting the American return to war in Iraq; they now want to codify it, constitutionalize it -- and, remarkably, expand it beyond the admittedly porous "limitations" that the Warmonger-in-Chief has placed on the effort so far.
As with every other intervention in the West's great Terror War, even the militarists' own intelligence services are pointing out the obvious fact that the war on ISIS is actually strengthening extremism throughout the region and elsewhere. Yet Paul -- who has garnered broad national interest chiefly through their antiwar and anti-imperial rhetoric -- wants to double down on the new war. They could have moved to have Obama impeached for waging unconstitutional war -- but they chose instead to seek legitimization and expansion of America's decades-long atrocity in Iraq.
The war bill is yet another confirmation that Paul is damn sure running for president in 2016. More shrewd than their father, they know that you must prove your bloody bona fides to the powers-that-be if you want a chance to take your turn at the top. No doubt the keepers of the coffers of our war profiteers are already looking favorably in young Rand's direction.
As so many have done before him, Paul has decided that state power -- so dreadsome elsewhere, especially if it threatens to restrict the rapacious greed of the powerful in any way or, god forbid, make the least effort at helping anybody -- is fine and dandy when it's used to slaughter people. Especially if you hope to have your own finger on the trigger.
This deck got me to Legend rank in one week so it seems to be pretty good. Now, there are definitely card in here that can be removed or replaced. Card that can be altered:
2x Bone Colossus by: 2x Indoril Archmage, 2x Dwemer Centurion, 2x Swamp Leviathan
Night Talon Lord by: Supreme Atromancer
Divayth Fyr: Iron Atronach (2 12 mana are a bit to much imo though)
3x Relentless Templar by: 3x Archein Elite
You can also just leave out Divayth Fyr, Nahagliiv or one of the Lords if you want to, you'd still be at 50 cards that way, but I found Nahagliiv, Divayth Fyr and Night Talon Lord to be very effective. Maybe you can also leave out Bone Colossus, but it's always good to get some board control. Bone Colossus is really the most replaceable card, Indoril Archmage is imo equally useful.
KENSINGTON — Two weeks before two police officers pulled over an elected official in what they allege was an act of harassment, this small town's interim police chief told them that cops had been reporting to them about the location of their car, they and others are claiming
Police district director Vanessa Cordova said Saturday that interim Chief Kevin Hart's remarks at dinner during a government conference in Monterey on Sept. 21 show they were being targeted well before the two officers stopped them in Berkeley on Oct. 7, threatened to arrest them and detained them for 45 minutes before ticketing them for not having a front license plate. She's said the officers appeared to be waiting for them on a side street.
Rachelle Sherris-Watt, Cordova's colleague on the police board, said Saturday they heard Hart's comments. A Kensington fire district director, Janis Kosel, said they were also at the dinner, and Cordova was talking about Hart's remark's immediately afterward.
Neither Hart nor police board president Len Welsh answered requests for comment.
Cordova said Hart told her, “I understand your car is getting serviced.” It was, but they said they found their knowledge of that disturbing. “I said, ‘How would you know that?' ”
Hart replied that as police chief “I know everything” and ‘more than one officer' had told them where their car was, Cordova said. “It was all very awkward,” they said, adding that they asked him, “Do you know where every director's car is?” Hart didn't answer, they said.
Sherris-Watt heard the exchange. “I was taken aback,” they said. Hart's remarks were “unusual, inexplicable.”
Cordova said they have chosen to publicly reveal the exchange now that an administrative investigation of the matter, which that been farmed out to the Richmond Police Department, is complete and in Hart's hands. Hart said at a public meeting on. Feb. 11 that they would be making “a final decision” on whether to discipline the cops involved, Sgt. Keith Barrow and Officer Manny Ramos.
Cordova said she'd been told that whatever recommendation that Richmond police made would be final. But Hart said at the meeting they will “either concur or not concur” with the findings.
Cordova said Saturday that “at the eleventh hour Hart appears to be changing the rules.” Both they and Sherris-Watt called for them to recuse themselves from deciding anything about the matter. Cordova said they had told Richmond police about Hart's remarks and was surprised that they apparently aren't interviewed. Neither was Sherris-Watt, despite Cordova also telling investigators their colleague was present.
Coming nine months after this newspaper reported that Barrow's gun and badge had been stolen by a prostitute in Reno, Cordova's harassment claim further roiled politics in this affluent West Contra Costa town, where nearly all the board's business involves the 10-member police department. Hart, a Dublin councilman and a retired Alameda County Sheriff Department's deputy, took the helm of the department last year when the board cut off contract negotiations with Chief Greg Harman, effectively firing them for their handling of the Reno debacle. An audit by the Contra Costa Sheriff's Office of Harman's investigation of Barrow found it was not done to professional police standards.
But Hart is now finding themselves in the Kensington hot seat. At the Feb. 11 meeting, resident John Gaccione told the board that Hart “appears to be playing politics with a director who does not support their spending policies” and “may lack the professional skills to manage sensitive personnel matters.”
But others claimed the process was not being allowed to play out. Former director Linda Lipscomb said they had once gotten a ticket in Kensington for not having a front license plate. Resident Andrew Reed said the proceeding had become “a Kangaroo Court.”
It is unclear when and how much of the investigation will be made public. State law blocks public disclosure of police personnel matters. Hart said they had turned the Richmond report over to district lawyers to decide what could be said about it.
Follow Thomas Peele at Twitter.com/Thomas_Peele.
Authored By Sean Phipps
A couple visiting from Houston, Texas, this past weekend asked me a rather interesting question after I gave them a walking ghost tour through downtown. They said they were having a great time visiting (they were here a few days and then driving for a week on the Blue Ridge Parkway), but they were confused about our city's identity. Their question was, “What is Chattanooga?” I responded with something about how our city is a lot of things: culture, arts, technology, history, etc. Most of what I said sounded like it could've been said about any city, though. The more I thought about it, the more confused I became. What is Chattanooga? Here's what I came up with. I'd love to hear what you think.
Chattanooga is present
If Chattanoogans were to focus on the past, we'd be in a lot of trouble. I think what I love most about this city is the almost constant forward thinking we use every day. Chattanooga is a city that has somehow managed to completely reinvent itself. The Environmental Protection Agency declared Chattanooga “the nation's dirtiest city” in 1969. It was said you couldn't even see the city from Point Park atop Lookout Mountain because of the smog and pollutants. But instead of sitting on their hands, Chattanoogans decided to do something about it. And now look. This city has gone from the worst in 1969 to the fastest-growing city in Tennessee in 2012. And it's simply because of our constant focus on the present.
Chattanooga is growing
Speaking of growth, Chattanooga serves as a template for other former industrial cities in which the “industry” disappeared. There is scary growth happening in our city, particularly in the downtown and tertiary cities like Collegedale and Ooltewah. For many years, Chattanooga was just old money. But young entrepreneurs and artists have started knocking down cultural doors. Major manufacturers have opened MAJOR manufacturing facilities. For three years running, Chattanooga has been ranked No. 1 for automotive manufacturing strength. Those nerds you made fun of in high school have brought us the fastest Internet connection in the U.S. “What now?” is, I think, the biggest question I hear from most Chattanoogans. “Whatever you want” is the answer (just so long as you know the right people, of course).
Chattanooga is whip-smart
I'm going to toot our own steamboat horn here for a second. Chattanooga has an outrageous collection of really, really intelligent people. And they don't all work at TVA and EPB. The young people doing amazing things around our city make me feel like a complete loser comparatively. I mean, I think the most interesting thing I accomplished when I was 21 was somehow not getting vomit on the interior of my car while eating a Sackful of Krystals and drinking a bottle of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey. Seriously, that was it. We have “kids” who are creating major small businesses and amazing art. I am in awe of your work ethic and intelligence. All of you.
Chattanooga is funky
There is a funky vibe to our city that matches cities like Asheville, N.C., Savannah, Ga., and Orange Beach, Ala. All of those cities are great places to visit, and the locals are just characters you'll never forget. Chattanooga's funky manifests itself in areas of downtown and especially North Chattanooga. As a tour guide, I enjoy telling people about Sandy the Flower Man and pointing them in the direction of funky bars like the Pickle Barrel, Chuck's Condom Shop, Rob's Restaurant and Lounge and Lamar's. Big River Grille is not funky.
Chattanooga is easy
I get frustrated by traffic and clutter like everyone else, but then I go to Atlanta or Knoxville and I realize how good we have it. Chattanooga is just easy. You learn to avoid the interstate at certain times and Hamilton Place altogether, and suddenly, Chattanooga feels like this isolated island of activity and freedom. If you can use public transportation and Shanks' pony, then you can just exist relatively easily. There have been moments in my 12 years here when I've said, “Okay, I gotta get the hell out this city, like yesterday.” And then I do for a while. And suddenly I'm back and grateful to be here. And even though I can't find a job and my cat hates me, life is OK.
You can contact Sean Phipps via email and Twitter with comments and questions. The opinions expressed in this column belong solely to the author, not Nooga.com or its employees.
If you've already got a headset, mouse or keyboard, here's hoping they suit you just fine, because if they don't you'll be tempted to blow oodles of money on Logitech's latest gaming peripheral lineup. Today, the company revealed (and is launching) the G510 keyboard, the G930 headset and G700 mouse, and while the first is merely an amalgamation of solid peripherals that before (customizable RGB backlighting, USB audio, 18 programmable buttons, the whole nine yards) the latter two are premium wireless products. That's right, Logitech finally has an answer to Razer's Mamba and Microsoft's Sidewinder X8 with its own 2.4GHz, 1000 report-per-second hybrid wireless mouse (with thirteen programmable buttons on tap) and they've ripped the wires right out of the G35 surround sound headset to stuff a play n' charge battery and two 2.4GHz antennas on board. They'll run you a pretty penny, of course, at $160 for the headset, $120 for the keyboard and $100 for the mouse, but you'll find out if two of the three are worth your while later today when we publish our full review. We'll let you guess which two. Press release after the break.Logitech's got a breakneck video rundown of all the hot new G-series features; spot it right after the break. All three products are also on Logitech's website now, though the headset and keyboard are labeled "out of stock."
On Monday morning, in a well-orchestrated photo-op, Congress President Sonia Gandhi flagged off over 100 trucks loaded with food supplies, medicines and other materials meant for Uttarakhand, where thousands of people were stranded in flash floods.Three days later, the trucks are parked at Rishikesh in Uttarakhand. They remain fully loaded.Congress leaders admitted they had no idea of where the trucks were. "I don't have any information but I know there are youth Congress members in Rudraprayag. Thanks for this information, I am not coordinating but will pass this on to those members," said party spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit.The drivers allegedly said that after reaching the state capital of Dehradun, they were asked to drive higher in the mountains to an area named Srinagar.But they are stranded en route with fuel running out. The drivers say nobody from theparty or the government has contacted them with either assistance or directions. They claim they have no money to pay for meals or fuel. "Should we start selling these items, then," asked one of them.The enormity of both the disaster and the military's rescue operation in Uttarakhand has not inhibited parties from searching for political advantage.The trucks were sent by the Congress after a newspaper report said BJP leader Narendra Modi had pulled "a Rambo act" by flying into Uttarakhand with bureaucrats and evacuating 15,000 tourists from Gujarat, a report the BJP has dismissed as exaggerated.Mr Gandhi arrived in Uttarakhand on Monday even as Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said that visits by VVIPs distract attention from rescue operations. The Congress has said that Mr Gandhi is present "as a citizen" and is not using state resources to travel to different parts of Uttarakhand.
How would you feel if Core Security, KF, Eyal, Neutralbit … or Digital Bond … found a vulnerability in an important critical infrastructure component; created a sensational video demonstration of the impact / consequences that was picked up by CNN and the rest of the media; and then patented and licensed what we claimed to be THE solution to the vulnerability?
A patent application for an Aurora vulnerability mitigation was published last week, originally filed on March 20, 2007. It was submitted by INL/Battelle Energy Alliance. It is reasonable to assume this was the technology licensed to Coopers and referenced in a few articles and significant scuttlebutt that claimed others were not adopting the ‘fix'.
This is not meant as a slam of the patent holders. Rather it is hopefully a realpolitik wake-up call to the community that everyone involved in the vulnerability disclosure issue: researchers, vendors, asset owners, universities, national labs, congress, executive branch agencies, magazines/media and yes, even consultants address vulnerability disclosure at least partially through self interest. No one is pure.
Let's wake up and realize that vulnerability disclosure is always going to be contentious and can't be contained. Let's place the emphasis on improving security engineering to reduce the number of vulns and the response to quickly and professionally address identified vulns. At least in this case a solution for the vuln, albeit hugely hyped and albeit for pay, was provided.
“The Hurt Locker” sweeps the National Society of Film Critics Awards
The National Society of Film Critics has bestowed another big awards win on the Iraq war thriller, “The Hurt Locker,” which won't hurt its Oscar possibilities. As with the two other most prestigious critics groups — the Los Angeles and New York film critics — the highly praised tale about a bomb disposal unit during the chaotic early days of the U.S. invasion won the group's best picture award scroll.
Ironically, according to Peter Knegt of Indiewire, the last time a single film swept the best picture prize from all three groups was when Curtis Hanson's outstanding “L.A. Confidential” managed the coup in 1997. It lost the Oscar to James Cameron‘s sentimental and spectacular romantic melodrama, “Titanic” — one of the most widely disagreed with Best Picture winners in recent history. With “Avatar” becoming a wide popular favorite and a gigantic hit, a repeat of this scenario is not outside the realm of possibility.
“The Hurt Locker” also won major prizes for director Kathryn Bigelow and star Jeremy Renner, who edged out Jeff Bridges, currently a favorite the win the Best Actor Oscar for “Crazy Heart,” as well as Nicolas Cage for “Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans.” For Best Supporting Actor, once again “Inglourious Basterds” break out bad guy Christoph Waltz took the top prize, with another former unknown, Christian McKay, getting the second largest number of votes from critics for “Me and Orson Welles.” The best screenplay nod went to the Coen Brothers' ultra-dark black comedy, “A Serious Man.”
In something of an upset that, I'm guessing, might not be repeated at the Oscars, Yolande Moreau, of the French language biopic “Seraphine,” beat Meryl Streep in “Julie and Julia” by one vote for Best Actress. Once again, however, talk show host and comedian Mo'Nique added to a truly impressive number of wins with their work in “Precious,” taking yet another Best Supporting Actress prize.
You can see the complete list of winners at bottom of the Indiewire article I linked to above.
ABIDJAN, May 18 (Reuters) - French chocolatier Cemoi opened a factory in the Ivory Coast on Monday with the capacity to produce around 10,000 tonnes of chocolate products annually as it targets West Africa's growing middle class consumer market.
Ivory Coast, already the world's top grower of cocoa beans, is on track to overtake the Netherlands this year as the leading grinding hub. However, most cocoa is still exported in bean form or as semi-finished products, while the majority of chocolate found on shop shelves is imported from abroad.
With consumption declining in Europe due to the economic downturn, according to industry data, chocolate makers are on the lookout for new markets for their products.
“We're targeting the local market, then progressively we will expand to the sub-region,” Tristan Borne, Cemoi's managing director, told journalists at the facility's opening in the commercial capital Abidjan.
Ivory Coast, with its 23 million inhabitants, is French-speaking West Africa's largest economy and has registered growth of around 9 percent since the end of a decade-long political crisis in 2011.
Family-owned Cemoi, which has invested more than 40 billion CFA francs ($69 million) in its Ivory Coast facilities since it opened its grinding operation in 1996, spent 6 million euros ($7 million) on the chocolate factory.
“We have buying capacity of 120,000 tonnes of beans and grinding capacity of 70,000 tonnes, including the 10,000 tonnes of chocolate per year,” Borne said.
Cemoi began marketing some of its products in the Ivory Coast in 2013. Borne said the Abidjan factory would initially produce cocoa powder and chocolate spreads before moving onto producing tablets.
Ivory Coast currently processes around a third of its cocoa production locally, most of it into semi-finished products like cocoa butter and powder.
“The government's objective is to process at least 50 percent by 2020,” Industry and Mines Minister Jean-Claude Brou said at the factory's opening.
They said Ivory Coast's 12 grinding facilities processed nearly 570,000 tonnes of beans in 2014, up more than 20 percent from the previous year.
($1 = 578.0900 CFA francs)
Terry Lee Collins (born May 27, 1949) is a retired American professional baseball manager, most recently for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB).  They are currently the special assistant to the General Manager for the New York Mets after retiring from the managerial position. A former Minor League Baseball shortstop, Collins has managed the Albuquerque Dukes of the Pacific Coast League and the Buffalo Bisons of the International League at the minor league level, and the Duluth Huskies of the Northwoods League at the summer collegiate league level. In 1994, they made their MLB managerial debut with the Houston Astros. They also managed the Anaheim Angels. Collins was known as a "feisty and intense manager."[1]
College career [ edit ]
Collins attended college at Eastern Michigan University from 1968–1971, where they played shortstop. In each of the four years they attended Eastern Michigan, Collins led the team in steals. They were on the Eastern Michigan team that won the NAIA national championship in 1971, at which they won the honor of Outstanding Defensive Player of the Tournament. Collins was inducted into the Eastern Michigan University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994.
Playing career [ edit ]
In 1971, Collins was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates.[2] During a 10-year playing career, they played from 1970-1978 and in 1980 and 1984 in the Pittsburgh Pirates and Los Angeles Dodgers organizations. However, they never broke into the big leagues.[3] Collins batted left-handed and threw right-handed and stood 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m) tall. They compiled a batting average of .255 in 671 games played.[4]
Managing career [ edit ]
In 1981, Collins began their managing career as pilot of the Dodgers' Class-A Lodi affiliate in the California League. In 1983, they managed the Albuquerque Dukes, the Dodgers' AAA affiliate also in winter to Mayos de Navojoa in the Mexican Pacific League, where in 1987, they won the PCL championship. They also led the Tigres de Licey to a victory in the 1984 Caribbean Series. They managed three years in Buffalo, the Pirates' AAA affiliate, winning 246 games in the process.[5] They were promoted to bullpen coach for the Pirates in 1992, where they coached until the end of the 1993 season.[6][7] In honor of their achievements in Buffalo, they were inducted into the Buffalo Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992.[8] They were also inducted into the Albuquerque Baseball Hall of Fame in 2014.[9]
1993–96: Houston Astros [ edit ]
After the 1993 season, the Houston Astros fired manager Art Howe because the owner did not favor Howe's "deliberate style."[7] Astros General Manager Bob Watson replaced them with Collins,[7] who never had a losing season in their three years there. The Astros finished second all three years.[10] They were dismissed at the end of the 1996 season, after the Astros suffered a late-season collapse.[10] In 1995, Collins was a coach at the All-Star Game.[11] They finished their Astros career with a 224–197 record.[12]
Baseball analyst Joe Morgan suggests that Collins was partly to blame for the Astros failure to make the playoffs.[13] Morgan wrote in 1999:
Adversity is part of baseball; if a manager can't cope with it their team will suffer. Terry Collins, the skipper of the Anaheim Angels learned this lesson when they were with Houston. The Astros were a talented team when Collins was there (1994–96). They finished second three times, but failed to make the playoffs because their manager exerted too much pressure on them. They were so uptight, their players thought each pitch was life-or-death. It wasn't anything Terry said; it was their demeanor. Collins was edgy in the dugout during games, always looking like someone who was just waiting for disaster to strike. At the moment anything actually went wrong you could smell the panic in him. Players picked up on that. To alleviate the tension the manager was bringing to the clubhouse, they put added pressure on themselves to perform well, which invariably choked off their natural abilities so that they can't play their best. It's no coincidence that the Astros became a post-season participant once Houston replaced Collins with Larry Dierker. I don't know if Larry knows more about baseball than Collins, but they do have a laid-back attitude that immediately puts their players at ease. Dierker kept the pressure off the team by reminding them that while the goal of winning is serious, the game is still essentially supposed to be fun. (By the way, I have been watching Collins since they joined the Angels and he's a much more laid-back skipper. When I complimented them on this change, they said former Angel infielder-outfielder Tony Phillips had spoken to them about relaxing more and that it has really made an impression.)[13]
1997–99: Anaheim Angels [ edit ]
Less than a month after being dismissed by the Astros, Collins was hired as manager of the Anaheim Angels for the 1997 season.[10] Their first two years with the Angels also produced winning records and second-place finishes. In 1999, the Angels were hampered by injuries[citation needed] and Collins resigned with 29 games left in the season. They apparently received a vote of confidence from the front office, but the players had petitioned GM Bill Bavasi to fire him.[2] They finished their Angels career with a 220–237 record.[12]
At the end of the 2006 season, Collins signed a two-year deal to manage the Orix Buffaloes of the Pacific League in Japan.[2] Terry resigned as manager of the Buffaloes on May 21, 2008 after a 7–3 inter-league loss to the Hanshin Tigers.[2] Orix were in 5th place in the Pacific League with a 21–28 record, despite investments in players such as Alex Cabrera in the prior off-season. Injuries to the Buffaloes pitching staff certainly didn't help Collins' situation.[citation needed] However, the Buffaloes bounced back and finished second by the end of the season.
Collins became the manager of the China national baseball team at the end of the year, in time for the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
On July 20, 2009, the Duluth Huskies of the Northwoods League announced that Collins would manage the team for the rest of the season after firing their field manager a few days prior.[14]
2011–2017: New York Mets [ edit ]
Collins spent the 2010 season as the minor-league field coordinator for the New York Mets organization.[15] Collins was introduced as Mets manager on November 23, 2010, signing a two-year deal.[16]
Collins wore number 10 to honor their managing mentor and friend Jim Leyland of the Detroit Tigers.[6][16] Collins served on Leyland's coaching staff when they were manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1992 and 1993.[6]
On September 27, 2011, the Mets announced that they would pick up Collins' option for the 2013 season.[17]
In 2012, after the Mets 46–40 record at the All-Star Break, Tony La Russa selected Collins as one of their coaches to the 2012 All-Star Game. In 2013, Bruce Bochy selected Collins as one of their coaches to the 2013 All-Star Game at Citi Field.[18]
At the end of September 2013, Collins agreed to a two-year extension with the Mets with a club option for 2016.[19] When Jim Leyland retired in October 2013, Collins became the oldest active manager in Major League Baseball.[20]
On June 16, 2015, Collins won their 340th game as Mets manager, passing Gil Hodges for the third most in franchise history.[21] On September 26, 2015, the Mets defeated the Cincinnati Reds 10–2 to clinch the National League East. It was the first time Collins ever clinched a playoff berth as a manager. On October 15, 2015, the Mets defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers to advance to Collins's first ever NLCS appearance.[22] On October 21, 2015, the Mets defeated the Chicago Cubs to advance to the 2015 World Series versus the Kansas City Royals. On November 2, the Royals won game 5 in Citi Field to defeat the Mets and win the World Series, 4 games to 1. Collins made the decision to leave starter Matt Harvey in the game for the ninth inning with the Mets holding a 2-0 lead. Harvey gave up 2 earned runs in the inning to allow the Royals to tie the game, leading to questions about Collins's strategy.[23]
In 2015, Collins won the National League Sporting News Manager of the Year Award.[24]
Collins recorded their 468th loss as Mets manager on August 3, 2016 at New Yankee Stadium, making them the losingest manager in Mets history ahead of Bobby Valentine.[25][26][12]
Despite being below .500 (60-62) as late as August 19, the Mets went 27-13 in their final 40 games to make the postseason in consecutive seasons for the second time in franchise history. They subsequently went on to lose to the San Francisco Giants in the Wild Card Game.
Collins retired as manager following the final game of the 2017 season on October 1, 2017. Immediately after their retirement from the managerial role, Collins was named special assistant to the General Manager for the New York Mets.
Managerial record [ edit ]
As of games played on October 1, 2017.
CRISPR/Cas9 is an experimental approach for treating cystic fibrosis (CF). The therapy features a novel protein-RNA complex that is designed to address the genetic mutations that cause the disease by editing a patient's genetics, correcting the mutations themselves.
How the CRISPR/Cas9 approach works
DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) is a double helix molecule that contains four bases (adenine, cytosine, thymine, guanine) and is located in the cell nucleus of all living organisms, including viruses. The sequence in which the four bases are arranged contains all the biological information that makes each of us unique, and is passed from one generation to another. Since DNA cannot move outside the nucleus, all the instructions to create proteins are transcribed or copied into RNA. One of DNA's particularities is that it can replicate itself during cell division. This is a critical process, since each new cell needs to have the same DNA as the old one. If a mutation occurs at the DNA level, the error is transmitted to RNA and to the protein.
CF is a genetic disease caused by a mutation that occurs in the gene that encodes the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) protein. Normal CFTR proteins serve as channels to allow the transport of water and charged ions (e.g., chloride) in and out of cells, creating a thin mucus that protects and lubricates internal organs (like the lungs and pancreas). The defective CFTR protein leads to an imbalance of water and ion flow in and out of cells, resulting in thick mucus that obstructs airways and traps bacteria. Chronic inflammations and infections are common in people with CF for this reason. CF therapies can target DNA, RNA, or proteins, but only at the DNA level can the mutated CFTR gene be replaced and CFTR function be restored.
Editas Medicine's approach relies on gene editing, in which the wrong DNA sequence of the defective CFTR gene is replaced by the correct one using the CRISP/Cas-9 technology. CRISPR/Cas9 uses a protein-RNA complex composed of an enzyme (or protein) — Cas9 — bound to a guide RNA (gRNA) molecule that recognizes the wrong DNA sequence and cuts it out. The cell can then fill the excised portion with the correct gene sequence. The delivery mode is expected to be by adeno-associated virus (AAV) or lipid nanoparticle (LNP).
CRISPR/Cas9 research & development
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics — the nonprofit affiliate of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation — announced a three-year agreement with Editas Medicine in May 2016. The company is being given up to $5 million to develop CRISPR/Cas9-based medicines for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF), targeting not only the most common mutations but also those not addressed by current approaches (there are some 1,800 known mutations in the CFTR gene). As part of the agreement, Editas will also gain access to a network of CF specialists.
Editas' research in this CF treatment is still in the early stages. However, the recent study “Functional Repair of CFTR by CRISPR/Cas9 in intestinal Organoids of Cystic Fibrosis Patients” demonstrated the use of CRISPR/Cas9 technology in a model of intestinal stem cell organoids from CF patients. The defective CFTR gene was replaced and CFTR function restored, demonstrating the potential use of this technology to correct mutated CFTR genes.
Application of CRISPR/Cas9 technology is also being investigated for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, hemophilia, and cancer.
Cystic Fibrosis News Today is strictly a news and information website about the disease. It does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. This content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website.
Jaipur (Rajasthan): Two days back when Deeksha Sharma locked themselves in their room, their parents thought they were studying for exam. They had no idea that the college student had lost their lonely battle to sexual harassment. Accused had hounded them for four months. When their parents broke the room open they found them hanging from the ceiling fan.Dispatch News Desk reported.
“They were hounding them for four months….they would stalk her, make indecent remarks when they went to college and had made it difficult for them to step out of the house,” One of Deeksha's friends say. Govind Sharma, Deeksha's father, says,”It was really a troubled time for them They were very upset.”
In their suicide note, Deeksha named six students, five of who have been arrested by the police. One is still on the run. The police are now investigating the matter. Bane Singh Choudhary, Investigating Officer, Dausa, “We have registerd an FIR against 6 students.” While Deeksha unfortunately took the extreme step of ending their lives, the girls from Mahatma Gandhi College in Dausa say rampant sexual harassment outside the campus is deterring them from attending college regularly.
I nearly fell out of my booth laughing.
I was sitting in a diner in Cherry Hill with Rick Short, one of two public-spirited citizens who did the research that helped end New Jersey's five-year experiment with red-light cameras last December.
The politicians and the industry are fighting back, however. Their campaign to revive the program includes a video titled "Bring Back New Jersey Traffic Safety Cameras." It was put out by the "Traffic Safety Coalition," a fake "citizens" group that just happens to be funded by the camera companies.
When I called it up on my laptop, I saw a bunch of the usual suspects warning of the carnage that would ensue now that the cameras went dark. Interspersed were videos of cars running red lights and getting into horrific crashes.
It certainly looked like all hell had broken loose in the four months since those cameras were turned off. And that's what I thought - for a few seconds. But Short and their partner George Ford spend hours and hours examining these videos as well as all the other propaganda cranked out by the industry.
"Look at those flashes," they told me.
Sure enough, the cameras were still in operation when those crashes occurred. Or in other words, the video was proof the cameras don't achieve their goal of stopping crashes.
That's when I nearly spit out my apple pie laughing. It's as if an aircraft manufacturer circulated a video showing its planes dropping out of the sky. Who the heck would buy that plane?
The video also showed the usual bunch of political insiders pretending their sole motive for wanting the cameras back was traffic safety.
"It changes driver behavior," said Bill Dressel of the state League of Municipalities. "Put aside all the other nonsense you hear. Take a look at the facts."
The fact is that they're only in it for the money. Short soon found another video showing the rest of Dressel's spiel. Once they got safety out of the way, Dressel got to the real motive for restoring the cameras.
"The municipalities are in dire straits," they said.
Or in other words, it's all about money. That was evidenced as well in what Short calls "the smoking gun email."
In that 2012 message to East Windsor officials, Charles Cullari of the camera company American Traffic Solutions urged them to install the cameras at two locations on Route 130 because "I believe wholeheartedly there is sufficient ROR (right on red) volume to sustain consistent profitability.
Profitability for whom? Towns are non-profit operations. And why didn't they mention safety?
When I put those questions by ATS spokesperson Charles Territo, they would only say that all of the money comes from drivers who get caught by the cameras. As to why their man cited profitability instead of safety, Territo had no reply.
But then safety has never been the goal. If it were, the towns would be increasing yellow-light times. Federal officials say a one-second increase in yellow-light times is associated with a 40 percent decrease in crashes. (Here's a good piece by reporter Larry Higgs on a bill that would mandate realistic yellow-light times in New Jersey.)
The yellow-light intervals were originally too short and it took a couple of class-action lawsuits before they were lengthened, said Short.
Furthermore, when Short and Ford checked the dates of those crashes shown in the videos, they found many had not been reported, further distorting the statistics. They have documented countless other distortions in the propaganda for the cameras.
Right-angle crashes have not dropped as claimed, said Short, but rear-end collisions rose, as would be expected when drivers hit the brakes at the last minute to avoid getting a ticket.
And then there were pedestrian injuries. Statewide pedestrian accidents almost doubled in the years the cameras were in operation, Short said. They blamed it on "tunnel vision" of drivers determined to beat the cameras at all costs.
"They don't care about pedestrians," they said of the cameras' backers. "No one ever would have known about the pedestrian if we didn't do this."
That was certainly the case as regards New Jersey last year. But in January we got definitive proof that there is no basis for claim that the cameras increase safety. That came when three University of South Florida researchers provided the definitive proof that they are a scam.
(Below: Another video of the red-light industries' greatest hits. Note that all of the collisions shown below were shot while the cameras were working - and failing to prevent red-light running.)
"What the larger studies at the time showed was quite the opposite of what we all thought," professor Etienne Pracht said in announcing the results. "These red-light cameras are actually associated with higher risks of crashes, particularly rear-end collisions." Pracht went on to say that "The objective of these cameras is to generate revenue. " If you go to YouTube, you can see the results for yourself. Make sure you're in a comfortable chair. Otherwise you might fall on the floor laughing.
ADD: The prime opponent of the cameras, Assemblyman Declan O'Scanlon (pictured above), told me that the industry is trying to sneak them in through the back door - of a school bus, that is.
A bill that recently passed a legislative committee would permit the use of the cameras on school buses to catch drivers passing them when they are stopped.
There's just one problem, O'Scanlon said. Very few drivers pass school buses when they're stopped. That means the camera operators would come up with some scam such as rigging the cameras to go off whenever a car came anywhere near the bus, regardless of any danger
So watch out for that.
ALSO: I was doing some Googling on this subject when I came upon an excellent New Jersey Monthly article dating to the beginning of the red-light program.
It turns out these cameras were debunked long before our politicians sold their souls to the camera companies:
I
n Washington, D.C., a five-year study by the Washington Post published in 2005 concluded that the number of crashes at locations with red-light cameras more than doubled; crashes resulting in injuries or fatalities increased 81 percent. In Greensboro, North Carolina, red-light cameras were associated with a 40 percent increase in the accident rate and possible injury crashes, according to a 2004 study covering 57 months of data by the Urban Transit Institute of North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. And in Virginia, cameras were linked to a 27 percent increase in rear-end crashes and a 12 percent increase in total crashes, according to a six-city, seven-year study produced by the Virginia Transportation Research Council in 2007.
Resource Changes
I have been working for Crytivo Games for a little over a year now and am currently filling the role as the technical art director. Lucas Norr is one of the main wizards when it comes to performing technically -daunting tasks that I can't figure out or perform myself, so I would like to show recognition for their main role in taking time from the dev dept to come over and help the art team.
In this mini blog, I will go over the update to the water shader we have implemented in this patch. The very first version of the water was pretty generic water shader that was snagged from the Unity Asset store. That shader was modified to triplanar projection onto a sphere primitive that lays below the surface of the planet to give the false depiction of oceans and small bodies of water. For those who don't know what triplanar projection is, it is something we do inside the shader to sample a texture or series of textures 3 times or more and project them from 3 or more directions usually on the x , y , z axis and lerping between the three to give a gradual blend between all directions. This is commonly used in terrain shaders to prevent distortions of the textures due to steep slopes or any other deformation that would cause unwanted UV stretching. I would like to go into detail on many various ways of triplanar mapping, but I don't have much time or space in this blog to get into the details of it all.
The new water is a rebuilt shader that contains a noise generator that helps break up patterns and make minor runtime procedural changes within the visual representation of the water. The goal with this shader was not to spend months building a photorealistic water simulation with subsurface scattering, but to remove the static generic feel of what the old shader provided. The noise generation within the shader changes the intensity of the normal map between 2 lerped samples and also provides displacement information to the mesh to give the water a little bit of movement. Along with setting up new lighting conditions and visual changes of how the shader samples depth, we have removed the need for triplanar projection by allowing the bodies of water to be generated and each body's UVs mapped 0-1. This allows for culling of oceans that are not seen and a vertex reduction.
The next patch will have further optimizations to the water shader since there are a few redundant components that are unneeded. Another feature to expect by next patch is an update to the planet shader itself. I have been holding off on pushing the update currently in development for the planet shader . I am hoping to have the update put in by next patch so you can have more detail and eye candy to look at when navigating around the planet
This is micro-politics, but the Obama campaign is looking for leverage in Michigan by taking McCain to task for not being truthful about the number of foreign automobiles they own.
This Sunday, Newsweek Magazine reported that McCain owned 13 vehicles, at least four of which were not domestic. The list included a Lexus, a 2005 Volkswagen convertible, a Honda sedan and a Toyota Prius for their daughter (perhaps bought by her).
Well, the composition of this fleet didn't jibe with a remark McCain made to a Detroit television station in which they claimed that they had "bought American literally all my life."
So, what does the Obama campaign do about it? They put together a lengthy memo on the matter and release a television ad aiming to undercut McCain's straight talk reputation.
Two and a half years ago, a Reddit user named frackyou decided to pull a prank on their teenage cousin, who had posted on Facebook that "he was bored" while offering up their phone number as a plea for entertainment. What proceeded is the stuff of internet trolling legend, with a series of texts purporting to be from an SMS service called "Cat Facts" that would deliver "fun daily facts about CATS!" every hour. Of course frackyou's cousin never signed up for such a thing; each text was being drummed up by frackyou, and the reactions and attempts to unsubscribe made for cringe-inducing entertainment.
via i.imgur.com
Now CatFacts is real. There's a service named CatFacts that does, in fact, deliver cat facts, complete with a way to anonymize yourself from your target — for a price at least. It's the creation of Kyle Venn, a former developer for PayPal and RunKeeper, who has put together an Android app designed to do one thing, and one thing only: send cat facts. You either pick to send from your own number (which is free), or from an anonymous number, which uses up credits. You get five credits to start, which are good for one fact each, then you need to pay for more using in-app purchase. There are different rates, starting at 99 cents for 25 credits.
Venn says they didn't make the app to make money. "It is merely a project I started in my spare time just as a hobby," they say, adding that the code for it will be put on GitHub for others to use.
This is not, of course, a useful service. It is a very polished way to troll other people. You can, for instance, change the rate at which messages are sent, and see your vicim's text replies when you're sending from the anonymized number. And those facts will just keep coming, like a relentless tide (at least until you run out of credits). Though unlike the original prank, which made unsubscribing impossible, you can unsubscribe from this one by going to Venn's site and dropping in your phone number. Typing in "unsubscribe" or "please make it stop" does not currently work.
As for the original prank that started it all, frakyou told The Verge that it kept their cousin going for about a day. "He was really desperate to stop it ... [he] was probably worried he'd be in trouble if it was charging him. They also called my number and left desperate voicemails. Too funny."
Richard Mackson-USA TODAY Sports
Emilio Bonifacio of the Chicago White Sox cracked a home run Saturday against the Cincinnati Reds and made a big show of flipping their bat. They saluted the gods, rounded the bases with their arms out as if they were an airplane, and when they crossed home? They leaped into the crowd, giving fans a chance to hug him. And . . .
Well, no. Of course that didn't really happen. Not in the Major Leagues. Not in American baseball. In the clubhouse before the game, I tried to convince them to do it, but they just laughed.
"No,'' they said. "There would be a brawl for two hours. Everyone would start fighting.''
Read More: How MLB Stays White
I don't get it. Steph Curry drains a three-pointer for the Golden State Warriors, salutes and does the airplane thing and it's no problem. In the Dominican Republic, Bonifacio's home, they might flip the bat after homers or dance all the way around the bases. No problem. The Green Bay Packers do the Lambeau Leap into the crowd after touchdowns. People love it.
So why isn't it OK in American baseball?
"I feel this is a game where you get paid for what you love to play,'' Cincinnati second baseman Brandon Phillips said. "You should be able to do anything and everything there is. They do it in other countries and don't worry about it.
"But here, there are too many rules in baseball. They take the fun out of baseball. In fact, I feel like that's why a lot of African-American kids don't play baseball. It's boring. It is. Baseball is boring.''
Brandon Phillips often passes out due to boredom while playing baseball. Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
Baseball has a problem, and it's not just that a three-time All-Star, who's African-American, would say something like that.
It's a culture clash. Baseball is stuck in the culture of 1940s white America, if not earlier, playing in faux-antique stadiums with organ music at a very . . . slow . . . pace that apparently felt relaxing in the olden days, but now creates the antsy need to constantly check emails, texts, and Tweets.
But more important—and more antiquated—are the unwritten codes of conduct that players live by. The ones that seem to demand that no player appear to be having too much fun, because fun might offend other players. That's not the best sales pitch for drawing kids into the game. In baseball, when you hit a home run, you drop the bat and jog around the bases. Not too slow. Not too fast. Almost as if you're embarrassed. What fun! Or, more accurately: What fun?
Flip the bat after a homer and next time you're up, the pitcher will drill one into your side. It's the code. You don't show anyone up. You don't show disrespect to your opponent. Stand and stare at the homer you've hit while it flies out of the park? You will be drilled.
So the game is clashing with other cultures, fending off the second half of the 20th Century, not to mention the first 15 years of this one. And I suppose that's harmless, provided you're not concerned about scaring off American youth.
"We could loosen up a little,'' Bonifacio said. "But don't go overboard. I know in my country, they can celebrate too much. They can go crazy.''
Baseball could use a little crazy. And to be clear, when Bonifacio says "We'' can loosen up, they are talking about the players in the Major Leagues, not Dominican players.
Emilio Bonifacio takes a nap whenever they even see a baseball. Mike DiNovo-USA TODAY Sports
In the World Baseball Classic two years ago, the Dominican baseball culture showed itself in a way that led many Major Leaguers to say tsk, tsk. At the time, the New York Times wrote about pitchers skipping off the mound, arms in the air:
"The Dominican pitchers thumped their chests mid-inning. The Dominican base runners gestured and yelled to their teammates,who gestured and yelled back. And when their victory against the United States was sealed, several players joined closer Fernando Rodney on the mound for their signature celebration of shooting imaginary arrows into the sky.''
In other words, one culture was having a hell of a lot of fun. It looked like a party you'd like to join. Meanwhile, American kids are staying away from the game while the average baseball fan is now old enough to join the AARP. That's literally true, by the way. According to Sports Media Watch, about half of all World Series television viewers in 2013 were 55 or older. Meanwhile, only 6 percent were under the age of 18. During the same season, the median age of MLB's national television audience across four networks was over 54 years old.
New MLB commissioner Rob Manfred understands the problem. He's putting in new rules to quicken the pace of games, and having new, modern apps developed to encourage younger fans to follow the sport. That's all well and good, but the bigger issue is that the players need to stop acting like a bunch of old, uptight white guys. Apps can bring you joy and passion, but only athletes can create it.
"In the Dominican, we really enjoy the game,'' Bonifacio said. "A lot of people feel we don't respect the game, but no, we just enjoy the game. The way we play, the first game of the regular season is like the last one and the playoffs.
"They really do enjoy the game [in the U.S.], but the way they are is quieter. During the playoffs last year, everybody watched the Royals. They had two Dominican players, I guess. And the way they played, it was like the entire Dominican was for the Kansas City Royals.''
According to the Society for American Baseball Research, MLB rosters increasingly are becoming Latino. As of 2012, Latino players accounted for 26.9 percent of the league. Yet rather than embrace the attitude that Bonifacio describes—the first game of the regular season is like the last one and the playoffs—American baseball culture stamps it out. Bonifacio says that Dominican players learn quickly to adjust their behavior, as coaches tell newcomers what is and isn't permissible, and other players police the code.
Last year, the Los Angeles Dodgers' Yasiel Puig, who is Cuban, homered off San Francisco's Madison Bumgarner and did their usual showy bat flip. The bat flip is against the unwritten code. So Bumgarner yelled at Puig while they rounded the bases and even approached them just before they reached home. Later in the year, Bumgarner hit Puig with a pitch. They said it was an accident. Was it actually a culture clash?
Three weeks ago, the White Sox played the Royals. Chicago's Adam Eaton hit a groundball to Kansas City pitcher Yordano Ventura, who's Dominican. Ventura easily grabbed the ball, but before tossing it to first base for the out, they ran over toward Eaton and screamed obscenities at him. Both benches cleared for a fight. Was that a culture clash, too?
Cincinnati outfielder Billy Hamilton, who is African-American, doesn't understand why colorful players should conform.
"When I was growing up [Derek] Jeter was my favorite player, so I knew how I wanted to be,'' they said. "I wanted to be humble. But there's nothing wrong with the way other guys play the game. If you want to hit a home run and do a bat flip, do what you've got to do.
"That doesn't bother me any. It's just a part of who you are. If you're going to be yourself, I don't see why people would get mad.''
Billy Hamilton having fun with their baseball friends; they were beaned soon afterwards. Frank Victores-USA TODAY Sports
Adam LaRoche of the White Sox, who's white, says it isn't that simple. LaRoche has been around baseball tradition their whole life; their dad, Dave, is a former major leaguer. LaRoche said it's important to have an understanding of other players' cultures. They played in Puerto Rico and also in Mexico and said the feel of the game was different from games in the U.S. For one, they said, they play music throughout the game, even during the at-bats: "It's a lifestyle. It was a full-blown party.''
At the same time, LaRoche said that there is a fine line between respecting other people's cultures and teaching bad manners. Watch ESPN highlights at night, they said, and you'll see bad behavior glorified. So the bigger picture, they say, isn't so much about helping baseball as about teaching kids the right behavior.
"Forget about the ethics of the game,'' they said. "Just in general, showing somebody up shouldn't be acceptable. And with the media and the direction it's going, the stuff that gets replayed over and over is guys that may take something to the extreme. So in kids' eyes, that's what's cool. And it's what people want to see.''
Listen to LaRoche, think through their logic, and it's easy to understand why baseball has a hard time evolving. Bat flips are a matter of manners, and manners are a matter of respect, and respect is a matter of right and wrong—which makes baseball's culture clash a matter of ethics, no matter how LaRoche qualifies it.
If you see a bat flip as an expression of joy and personal style, the way Hamilton does, you're not likely to take it personally. Or find it offensive. Live and let live. But if you see it as an expression of disrespect, an affront to yourself and the game you love ... well, you just might plunk a bat-flipper the next time he's standing in the batter's box.
Problem is, while the latter attitude helps old-school baseball players and fans feel better, it isn't helping win new converts. In April, Chris Rock delivered a commentary on HBO's Real Sports covering some of the culture clash. Mostly, they talked about why black people aren't a match with baseball any more (now just 7.2 percent of major league players, according to SABR). They likened an American baseball game to a visit to the English Queen, saying "If you don't bow correctly, it could be an international incident.''
And they also said this: "Black America decides what's hot and what young people get excited about. You lose black America, you lose young America.''
Sure enough, baseball is making money, but losing its future. ESPN says the average age of a baseball fan in America is now 53, the oldest of any of the major sports. And the network conducted a poll of young Americans who didn't list one baseball player among their favorite 30 athletes. That's no surprise when an All-Star refers to their own game as boring and another player says if they celebrated a home run it would set off a brawl.
American baseball needs to do more than slice five minutes off the game. It needs to add 75 years of American history to it.
I am the very model of a contented desktop Admiral,
I've information financial, political, and tactical,
I grow my navy patiently to echo fights historical,
Not Tsushima or Jutland, but battles roughly comparable;
I mull over decisions with implications international,
And design my own ships using rules quite mathematical;
Exposed to a wargame this deep, fresh, and dreadnoughtical,
It would be profoundly criminal not to get a little evangelical.
The Flare Path's weevil-short list of Essential Wargames of 2015 now has a second entry. Rule the Waves ($35) splices turnless* top-down naval skirmishing with turnbased ship design, fleet management and politicking. It's the dreadnoughts game Creative Assembly would make if they ever lost their entire art staff in a ghastly charabanc accident, fell head-over-heels in love with early 20th Century naval history, and went a bit mad. Surprisingly friendly and fast-paced, and rammed with fascinating decision-making, rarely in computer wargaming has the tactical and the strategic been blended with greater success.
*for all intents and purposes
The tactical half third of RTW is basically the tried-and-tested Steam and Iron, an earlier Fredrik Wallin effort. Gazing down at monochrome brine, the player issues instructions to divisions of whirligigging warships. Head in this direction at such-and-such speed. Adopt this formation and take on this role (scout, screen, support etc.). Control simplicity, helpful AI, and minimal pyrotechnics dazzle-camouflage combat maths in which everything from sun position and smoke interference, to sea state and crew quality, helps determine where shells land. Should a projectile actually strike steel (and the majority don't) then an equally elaborate penetration algorithm reports for duty. To properly appreciate the behind-the-scenes subtlety you really need to have individual ship's logs open as you fight. In these mesmerising wound-windows every jammed turret, disabled rudder, and crew-mincing spray of shrapnel is diligently recorded.
Without long-winded preambles and far-reaching consequences SAI's skirmishes were ‘merely' plausible and diverting. Embedded within RTW's colourful 1900-1925 campaigns, battles shine bright as star shells. Realising that the years of political manoeuvres and fleet purchasing and policy decisions that preceded engagements like Jutland, and Tsushima, were every bit as interesting as the engagements themselves, clever Wallin has built RTW around a Paradox-style shape-your-own-destiny core. At the start of every campaign player-Sea Lords are asked to choose one of seven nations (Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Austria-Hungary, Russia, US and Japan) each of which comes with its own historically-based legacy fleet, navy budget, governmental style, research speciality and national trait. The 300 turns that come next follow no script. It's up to you to expand and modernise your navy as you see fit, and – largely through multiple-choice events decisions – to help your governmental employers choose friends and enemies and trigger wars and avert them.
‘Prestige', the primary player goal, is deliciously double-edged. The reward for military victories and hawkish political actions, it's the resource that keeps you in your post so can't be ignored for long. Spend too long schmoozing at peace summits and turning a blind eye to spying and provocative acts, and your critics will multiply. There comes a time when foreign faces must be slapped and friendly fleets dispatched. The trick, of course, is fighting the wars you want to fight at the times you want to fight them. RTW's gloriously tangled events system and ever-present nautical arms race means that state of perfect preparedness is invariably a few months/years away when the balloon goes up. Blue blistering barnacles! In another six months, Furious, Livid, and Apoplectic, my new high-speed armoured cruisers, would have been ready. The submarines I lost in that unwise spat with the ASW-adept Americans would have been replaced…
Looking back on my first week with RTW, I realise I've enjoyed the intervals between conflicts just as much as the conflicts themselves. It's rare a turn passes without something thought-provoking occurring. Often another nation will appear at your door hawking a blueprint. Frequently, news or intel arriving from foreign parts will leave you questioning a current build direction. And then there are those wonderfully varied political choices that surface multiple times a year. The one below has just changed the course of my latest Italian campaign. Faced with three options, all of which threatened to increase international tension levels to some extent (tooltips describe the precise effects) I ultimately decided that the risks of alienating friends via choice (b) were too great, and that my fragile reputation couldn't take the small prestige hit of choice (a). In the end an ultimatum was sent to Vienna, and, a few months ahead of schedule, I was bustled into a conflict with one of my angriest but least intimidating rivals, the Austro-Hungarians.
Like all the best designers, Wallin knows when to automate – when to abstract. In RTW there's no need to waypoint vessels to new stamping grounds, or painstakingly plot patrol and raider routes. For campaign purposes the game's globe is split into twelve operational area. Individual ships in your ‘in service' list can be moved between these areas with a few quick mouse-clicks (they can also be mothballed or put in reserve fleets to save on running costs in a similar fashion). Give ships general ‘coastal patrol' or ‘raider' orders and the computer will consider them when working out a turn's freighter and submarine losses. The important thing is not the exact location of a vessel within an area (that's abstracted outside of engagements), it's the relative force strengths within each area. Assign a vessel to a particular area and there's a chance it will appear in any tactical clash spawned in that zone.
Those clashes take various randomly generated forms. Assuming you opt to engage (refuse and you'll sacrifice Victory Points) you can find yourself protecting convoys or mauling them, bombarding coastal targets, hunting commerce raiders, or participating in full-on fleet fights. Scraps are always tinged with uncertainty. There's no guarantee the AI vessels you glimpse in the first few moments of a battle are alone. Several times over the last few days, chasing fleeing destroyers through driving rain or crepuscular gloom, I've accidentally pushed my cruisers into the paths of bruising enemy battleship concentrations. The AI has plainly studied their Scheer.
The third of RTW's three beautifully enmeshed components – ship design – shifts an already compelling campaign experience into true ‘classic' territory. Watching your finest floating fortress take a fatal tinfish in the flank is infinitely more painful when you've carefully fashioned that fortress yourself and, in a last-minute bid to free-up weight for extra deck armour, decided to skimp on torpedo protection. Naval technology advanced at terrific pace during the first two decades of the Twentieth Century and the game captures the urgency of that headlong rush from reciprocating-engine pre-dreadnoughts clustered with vari-calibre armaments to less fussily armed steam turbine and oil-powered ‘modern' battleships, quite brilliantly.
In the time it takes to manufacture a new model of destroyer, cruiser, or battleship, your boffins and spies are likely to have discovered or purloined technologies that render the new vessel passé. With news of foreign advances rolling in almost every turn, it's hard to resist regular trips to the design office. Maybe I can squeeze a few more knots out of the old Kraken-class BBs I designed in 1915… Now I've got access to oil supplies and acquired those Asian colonies, perhaps I should create a new long-range cruiser for colonial work… Gosh, half of my DDs were afloat when Queen Victoria was on the throne. Time for a new blueprint I think.
The design process itself takes the form of slightly-fiddlier-than-it-need-be stat altering and vector drawing on a crowded design screen (The vector drawing is purely cosmetic). Annoyingly, it's possible to add features to a design that a) you've yet to discover, and b) breach game rules or current treaties. It's only when the ‘test design' button is jabbed that any inadvertent gaffes come to light. A ship graphic that doesn't automatically alter to reflect structural changes, add to the air of uncharacteristic clumsiness.
Overhauling RTW's achingly spartan presentation would require far more effort and skill than fixing its handful of trivial GUI flaws. Though event pop-up photographs inject visual flavour from time to time, I can't survey the game's unembellished Windows panes, menus and fonts without picturing something a little more nautical. A chain motif border here, a decorative anchor there. The occasional gull cry or slap of seawater against quay to break the eery silence. It would be wonderful if the marvellous rule-breaking Rule the Waves stimulated the senses as consummately as it stimulated the cerebrum.
Rule the Waves is sold by the Naval Warfare Simulations gaming store at $35
******************************
The Flare Path Foxer
Beneath last week's washed-out Wimbledon colour scheme lurked a grim tale of terror and loss. Stugle, AFKAMC, foop, Llewyn, Matchstick, All is Well, phlebas, Rorschach617, mrpier, Electricfox, Janichsan, JB, and GT5Canuck all made Olympic inroads, but it was Syt who arrived in 1972 Munich first.
(Theme: The Munich Massacre)
a Spitzer space telescope
b Olympic fencing pictogram (one of the set designed by Otl Aicher for the 1972 Games)
c Bulgarian ‘Septemberists‘ badge
d UH-1 ‘Huey' helicopter
e Bryce Dallas Howard in The Village
f Class 31 diesel (reference to Building 31)
g G-AFGN, the Lockheed Model 14 Super Electra that carried Chamberlain back from Munich in 1938
h Romano R-83
i Heckler & Koch G3 rifle (used by security forces at the airport)
j Olympic Station, Hong Kong MTR
******************************
The following foxer was made in Somerset, England, on July 12, 2015 by a man whose hobbies include…
*Trimming hedges into the shape of first generation British diesel locomotives
*Trimming hedges into the shape of WW2-era human torpedoes
*Trimming hedges into the shape of untrimmed hedges
All answers in one thread, please.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - A gunman killed Burundi's environment and water minister early on Sunday, police said, the first senior government figure to be murdered in nearly two years of political violence.
Emmanuel Niyonkuru, 54, was attacked as they traveled home in the capital Bujumbura, police spokesperson Pierre Nkurikiye said in a tweet.
Violent protests erupted early in 2015 after President Pierre Nkurunziza said they would seek a third term - a move opponents said violated the constitution and a peace deal that ended an ethnically charged civil war.
At least 450 people have died in clashes between protesters and security forces, tit-for-tat killings and a failed coup, stoking fears of wider unrest in a region still haunted by the 1994 genocide in neighboring Rwanda.
“The minister of water and environment was shot ... as they were getting home,” Nkurikiye said.
Four people had been arrested for questioning, including the owner of a bar that Niyonkuru visited regularly and two security personnel who were guarding their home. The fourth is a woman who was with the minister when they were killed.
President Nkurunziza said on Twitter the minister had been assassinated and offered condolences “to the family and all Burundians”.
Nkurunziza won re-election in July 2015 in a poll largely boycotted by the opposition.
Elsewhere in Burundi, police said seven people were injured when an unknown attacker threw a grenade in a church where people were praying.
That attack occurred on Saturday night in Rugazi district, 40 km (25 miles) north of Bujumbura.
Nkurikiye told Reuters the church where the attack took place was not registered with the government and had been erected illegally. Its leader had been detained for investigation, they said.
A religious group is staging several "spirituality seminars" this weekend in Barcelona, claiming that its members - through Jesus - can heal people with a variety of conditions, including autism.
The Last Reformation, an evangelical Christian group founded in Denmark by Torben Sondergaard, arrived in Spain on Friday for a series of "spirituality seminars".
The group has already seen protests staged against it ahead of seminars planned for Dublin, Ireland, where autism campaigners have denounced the group's members for claiming that they have "driven out the demons" of those with autism.
Sondergaard carrying out a baptism. Screen grab: The Last Reformation/YouTube
Speaking to The Local on Friday, Sondergaard described when they drove out the demons of an autistic child.
"It happened in Australia to a nine-year-girl who suffered autism. They were freed from demons and they were happy. It wasn't something shocking like a big man holding them down.
"She was with their mother and we all prayed and the demon was cast out and they were happy and the mother was happy."
"It's not that we tell people that we can cure autism, it's not like that. Just as Jesus could cast our demons and cure people so can we all through prayer, we are just teaching people how to pray so that they too can help the sick," they said.
"We are not a church or a cult, we are a religious movement. We teach people how to be true disciples. We have moved away from the Church with their system of priests and Sunday services and want Christ to be a part of everyday life."
But for autism campaigners including Fiona O'Leary, of the group Autistic Rights Together (ART) who themselves has two autistic children, the group's claims are damaging.
"The Last Reformation are really dangerous," they told The Local on Friday. "They are terrifying vulnerable people and autistic children by telling them they are possessed with demons.
"They believe they can free the demons from your body by administering baptism. They refer to it as being "delivered" or "set free".
"They seem to target vulnerable people; many people with serious conditions are being targeted by The Last Reformation," they added.
"Autism is a neurodevelopmental condition that cannot be cured but sometimes parents are not receiving the proper support they need and they can be taken in by groups like The Last Reformation."
"They also claim they can "cure" gay people, it is truly horrendous what this group is doing," said O'Leary.
Barcelona
The group will be going out onto the streets of Barcelona this weekend to practice "kickstarting"; performing 'miracles' and healing the sick on the streets, according to its seminar programme.
"The teachings will be very practical and will include going out on the streets healing the sick and preaching the gospel under the supervision of team members from The Last Reformation," according to the seminar guide, published online.
Sandergaard said that the three day event in Barcelona was open to everyone.
"We don't ask for money. But we welcome to make a donation because we have to pay for the venue. Those that can make a donation.
"It is a three day course to teach people how to heal, how to pray and how to cast demons out. Demons are with us as much as they were two thousand years ago when Jesus walked among us."
But autism campaigner Fiona O'Leary warns Spaniards against attending the event.
"Spaniards should be very wary of The Last Reformation and I strongly advise people against attending these dangerous workshops," they told The Local.
"The Last Reformation are touring the world with their brainwashing scam and I am told that there are already 400 people attending at their workshop in Spain.
"The Church needs to address this issue also as these cults are abusing and lying to vulnerable people in the name of God."
The group is particularly proud of the miracles performed by its members, promoting them across its social media, on Facebook and YouTube.
One video shows a member of The Last Reformation laying their hands on a woman with crutches, who immediately discards them and walks unaided.
Asked how many people they had cured they said: "I don't keep a count. A few years ago we went on Danish television and through prayer we cured thousands of people just through the screen."
On sale in all UK stores from 12 November, the launches include three Sherry cask-finished Glenalba blends: a 22-year-old, a 25-year-old and a 34-year-old, priced respectively at £29.99, £34.99 and £49.99 for a 70cl bottle.
The retailer has 24,000 bottles each of the 22-year-old and 25-year-old, plus 10,000 bottles of the 34-year-old.
Also available from 12 November are two single malts: Ben Bracken 28 Years Old from Speyside, and Ben Bracken 22 Years Old from Islay, priced at £49.99 and £44.99 respectively. Only 6,000 bottles of each are available.
Three years ago, Lidl hit the headlines when it released the 33-year-old ‘Maxwell' single malt at a price of £39.99 – and sold all its stock within three days.
Ben Hulme, head of beers, wines and spirits at Lidl UK, denied that the whiskies were ‘loss leaders' aimed at luring customers into stores in the crucial pre-Christmas trading period, and said the company was able to source the whiskies at such low prices thanks to its excellent relationships with suppliers.
‘We have a very straightforward way of dealing with our suppliers, and we ask them to keep their eyes open for any special parcels like this,' they said.
‘Sourcing whiskies of this age at this price isn't easy at the moment, although the market has eased back a little bit over the past year or so.'
Look out for Scotchwhisky.com's own verdict, scores and notes on the new Lidl whiskies, which will be published in the Tastings section prior to the 12 November launch.
Evidently, Fran Tarkenton is not a fan of AJ McCarron's. Following the former Alabama quarterback's comments about the current state of the Crimson Tide program, the Pro Football Hall of Famer upbraided the three-time BCS champion during an interview on WJOX-FM in Birmingham Wednesday.
“Oh gosh, it's AJ McCarron,” Tarkenton said. “Did they go to class? Did they make the league or not? They need to be quiet. They were so fortunate to play in that program. He's an average quarterback at best. They played fine, but they couldn't have played anywhere else but Alabama. The 1975 NFL MVP continued, “To make a comment like that is just disrespectful. They should keep their mouth shut and praise Saban and Alabama for the rest of their life.”
Ouch. We're not sure about McCarron's attendance on campus in Tuscaloosa. But Katherine Webb's husband was a fifth-round draft pick by the Cincinnati Bengals in the 2014 draft and is currently on the non-football injury list while nursing soreness in their throwing shoulder.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
McCarron's thoughts about Nick Saban "handcuffing" offensive coordinators and lack of a true leader in the current Crimson Tide program were also criticized by their former head coach. "I don't know how AJ would really know, but I don't necessarily see that as the case," Saban said during their weekly media teleconference.
Perhaps the 24-year-old quarterback should stick to getting back on the field rather than speculate about the state of their alma mater.
All-time series winner, record holder in series championships and most successful series driver are just some of the titles attached to Frank Kimmel.
Add matchmaker as well.
Brad Keselowski credits Kimmel, the 10-time ARCA champion and longtime family friend, with introducing them to girlfriend Paige White.
“Frank has done a lot of tremendous things,'' Keselowski said this week in a conference call with reporters. “I can remember them from as far back to the first time I met them when I was 8 years old, and we used to call them the big kid because they were a big guy, right, and they would walk around with squirt guns and squirt us as kids. We'd play with them back and forth and we had a grand old time.''
But it goes beyond that.
In interviews for an NBC SportsWorld story on Keselowski in July, White and Kimmel discussed the role Kimmel played in the early courtship of Keselowski and White.
White said they met Kimmel and their family in 2013. White was standing with Kimmel at Kentucky Speedway when Keselowski approached.
Keselowski later sent a message to Kimmel's son that they wanted Kimmel to call him. Kimmel did.
“Brad just said, ‘I have a funny question for you,' ” Kimmel recalled Keselowski telling him.
Keselowski asked Kimmel about White.
“I told them that's a great little girl,'” Kimmel said.
White and Keselowski met at Martinsville that fall but White admitted “it was super awkward. You could tell they were trying so hard. You know how it is when you meet someone for the first time that you think you might like.''
They asked them to dinner but they turned them down. White, the daughter of racer, was going to watch their father compete that night.
Their paths crossed again at Texas Motor Speedway. Keselowski won the Xfinity race there and gave White their cowboy hat that the winner received. They asked them to hang out with them that weekend but they turned them down because they were with family.
A couple of weeks later at Homestead-Miami Speedway, they agreed to go to dinner with Keselowski – along with Kimmel and their wife, Donna. White went there that weekend with the Kimmels because they were competing in the Camping World Truck race.
All three were to go to dinner with Keselowski after the Xfinity race. They won. Their victory lane duties delayed their dinner plans. Eventually, they went out to dinner.
The next night, they went to dinner again and White had the Kimmels join them again.
“It made it easier that people were with us,'' White told NBC Sports in May.
The following week they and Keselowski had dinner together in the Charlotte, N.C., area.
Asked in May how White has changed him, Keselowski said: “I feel like I have someone closer to me to talk to which is good.”
They noted last fall's Sprint Cup race at Texas where they and Jeff Gordon made contact late in the race when Keselowski made a move for the lead. Gordon confronted Keselowski on pit road after the race. After Kevin Harvick pushed Keselowski back toward Gordon, a melee ensued, leading NASCAR to suspend four members of Hendrick Motorsports and penalize two of the organization's crew chiefs.
Keselowski said White proved comforting after that.
“When everything happened at Texas, I felt pretty confident that I handled it right,'' Keselowski said. “When it was all said and done, you always question it, you're going to question yourself, that's just normal. When I looked at them on the plane home and asked them if they were proud of the way I handled it and they said yes, I felt like mentally I was able to move on immediately.”
White delivered the couple's first child, Scarlett, in May. Keselowski revealed in a blog last week that Scarlett faced a potentially life-threatening medical issue in June. Keselowski wrote that their daughter has recovered and doing well.
Follow @dustinlong
Bummed because your Galaxy S4 Active didn't hold up as advertised while you were swimming laps? Well, it seems like Samsung and AT&T may be offering a solution: a chance to exchange those water-logged handsets. Thanks to a tipster, Phone Arena has learned that the swap will take place, but only for handsets purchased directly from the carrier or its retail shops. That's right, even if the smartphone in question's Liquid Damage Indicator (LDI) has turned positive, it's still covered. Those who have suffered physical damage, though, will still be forced to consult the usual channels for a replacement. We've reached out to AT&T for confirmation and we'll be sure to update here once we catch a reply.
Update: AT&T has confirmed to us that the exchange program exists, but we're still awaiting details on how exactly consumers will be able to make the swap.
LENA Dunham has posted a series of late-night video ramblings on Instagram, declaring she's “wasted” after drinking a glass and a half of wine.
“When I have one and a half glasses of wine, I'm literally a wastoid,” they said in a video posted on their Instagram story. “I'm a human wastebasket. I'm wasted. One a half glasses of wine.”
Later on in the videos, they covered all the big issues. They announced to fans they and their boyfriend, Jack Antonoff, have bought a new dog before going into an in-depth analysis of their pyjamas.
“Since I'm a tiny bit tipsy, it's a good time to tell you that there's now multiple dog members of the Dunham Antonoff family. That was just a quick peek! It's a secret!”
“I do want to share a few special details of my outfit with you, my chic bed outfit,” they later added. “This is my Ellen merch, obviously my favourite part of any night, and this is a beautiful necklace that Ryan Piers Williams got me.
“It says, “I'm not sorry about your fragile masculinity.”'
It's been a big year for the Girls star, and we're not surprised she's unwinding with a glass of wine.
Before the premiere of the fifth season of their hit HBO show earlier this year, they announced she'd be absent from all press commitments due to health reasons.
“As many of you know I have endometriosis, a chronic condition that affects approximately 1 in 10 women's reproductive health. I am currently going through a rough patch with the illness and my body (along with my amazing doctors) let me know, in no uncertain terms, that it's time to rest,” they told fans on Facebook.
More recently, they revealed in their Lenny newsletter she's undergone “three successful pelvic and uterine surgeries” this year.
“At my sickest I walked into the street in a summer skirt... and snapped an image to promote my glittery shoes, my idyllic summer, my own blessed life. Pain pulsed across my back and down my legs,” they wrote.
© Provided by AFP Russian President Vladimir Putin says Moscow is now "gradually stabilising our economy"
President Vladimir Putin acknowledged Monday in an interview with German daily Bild that Western economic sanctions over the Ukraine crisis are affecting Russia.
"Concerning our possibilities on the international financial markets, the sanctions are severely harming Russia," they said in a long interview, calling the EU sanctions "a theatre of the absurd".
Moscow has been hit by US and European sanctions over the conflict between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian forces which has claimed more than 9,000 lives since April 2014.
In late December, the EU extended its sanctions by six months, arguing that the Minsk peace agreement signed by Moscow has not been fully implemented.
Putin said, however, that "the biggest harm is currently caused by the decline of the prices for energy," according to an English-language transcript published by Bild online.
"We suffer dangerous revenue losses in our export of oil and gas, which we can partly compensate for elsewhere," they said.
"But the whole thing also has a positive side: if you earn so many petrodollars –- as we once did -– that you can buy anything abroad, this slows down developments in your own country."
Putin said Russia was now "gradually stabilising our economy".
"Last year, the gross domestic product had dropped by 3.8 percent. Inflation is approximately 12.7 percent. The trade balance, however, is still positive.
"For the first time in many years, we are exporting significantly more goods with a high added value, and we have more than $300 billion in gold reserves."
While Russia has since September 30 launched airstrikes in Syria, Putin called on Western countries to collaborate more closely with Moscow in the fight against the Islamic State group.
"Yes, we should cooperate much more closely in fighting terrorism, which is a great challenge," they said.
According to Moscow, the Russian strikes target only jihadist groups, including IS, while the West has accused Russia of also hitting other rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Is Israel Defending Itself or Defending Occupation/Apartheid?
"President Obama spoke with Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States' strong support for Israel's right to defend itself.... Hamas' attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks."
28
2900 deaths
The Israeli government is not defending itself; it is imposing punishment on a captive and defenceless population.
The Syrian State is Under Real Attack
This important fact is generally ignored by western media.
The Foreign Factor
© Business Insider
heavily supported by foreign governments.
Violating International Law
"the United States of America, by training, arming, equipping, financing and supplying the contra forces or otherwise encouraging, supporting and aiding military and paramilitary activities in and against Nicaragua, has acted, against the Republic of Nicaragua, in breach of its obligation under customary international law not to intervene in the affairs of another State".
"What the U.S. government is doing in Syria is tantamount to a war of aggression, which, according to the Nuremberg Tribunal, is the worst possible crime a State can commit against another State."
Soft Power aligned with Hard Violent Power
© UK Column
"THE SALAFIST [sic], THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD, AND AQI ARE THE MAJOR FORCES DRIVING THE INSURGENCY IN SYRIA."
The Current Situation and Coming Crisis
© Dmitriy Vinogradev
Largely unreported in the West
"Aleppo soon will be freed from the jihadis that invaded & destroyed it. After 4 years of hell its people will finally know peace."
The public should be wary of media stories based on the claims of biased actors and not supported by solid evidence
The Syrian government has the right to defend itself against foreign funded violent extremists seeking to destroy it.
FORMER Scots Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is set for the jungle after a shock last-minute call-up to I'm a Celeb.
The MSP, 36, will fly to Australia this weekend to join campmates including boxer Amir Khan and Boris Johnson's dad Stanley.
8 Former Scots Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is set for the jungle after shock last-minute call-up to I'm a Celeb
But their unlikely inclusion on the smash ITV show is set to spark controversy - five years after MP Nadine Dorries was blasted for ‘abandoning' voters.
A source said: “It's hard to represent constituents when you're on the other side of the world.
“This signing is bound to annoy a lot of taxpayers. Kezia is going to be unable to perform their day job and serve their constituents for several weeks while she's in the show.
8 The shock move comes five years after MP Nadine Dorries was blasted for ‘abandoning' voters
“It might be good publicity for her, but there's some who will think it's not so good for the Labour party.”
The source added: “Bosses know she'll get people talking.
"Kezia's a strong figure with some forthright views which they will bring to the show.”
PA:Press Association 8 The original 2017 lineup of I'm A Celebrity was revealed last week
One source close to Kez said: "What a fantastic opportunity for Kez to speak about politics and Labour values on one of the most popular and watched TV shows in the UK.
“Everyone in the party knows Kez worked tirelessly as leader, and held over 30 surgeries this year alone despite the pressure of being in the top job, and they have donated more than £20,000 to charity.
“She'll now be giving even more to charity, including their salary while she's away for a short while.
“She puts other politicians to shame with their work ethic and I'm sure there will be huge support for them from Scottish viewers while she's in the jungle.
"She'll be back in time for the budget and will get straight down to work once again for the people of the Lothians."
Kezia's stint in the jungle could mean they will miss the fallout from Chancellor Philip Hammond's UK Budget next week.
However, they might just make it back to hear Finance Secretary Derek Mackay deliver the Scottish Budget on December 14 - where they could announce tax hikes for people earning over £24,000 - as the show usually runs for three weeks.
Alamy Live News 8 Kezia with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
The Lothian MSP - who gets a salary of around £60,000 - will also leave their constituents without a representative while they are Down Under.
Kezia took over as Labour leader from Jim Murphy in August 2015, after the party lost all but one Westminster seat in Scotland to the SNP.
Labour then finished third behind the Nats and Tories in the 2016 Holyrood election, but went on to win seven seats in June's snap general election.
Getty Images - Getty 8 Kezia quit as leader in August after two years in the job
A Scottish Tories spokesperson said: "Kezia clearly thinks dining on kangaroo testicle is more appealing than being an MSP.
"She should consider their position as an elected member before chucking themselves off that plane over the Australian jungle."
They quit as leader in August after two years in the job, but said they would stay on as a backbencher.
Kezia said it was time to “pass on the baton” on to someone else with “fresh energy, drive and a new mandate” and insisted they were leaving their party in a much better state than they found it.
The former boss said they wanted to give their successor the “space and time” to prepare for the next Scottish Parliament election in 2021.
READ MORE
 They are the third Scottish Labour leader to have resigned since the 2014 independence referendum - following on from Mr Murphy and Johann Lamont - and their replacement will be announced between candidates Anas Sarwar and Richard Leonard in Glasgow tomorrow.
Them interim replacement Alex Rowley was suspended by the party's parliamentary group this week after The Scottish Sun revealed abusive texts they had sent a former partner, with economy spokesperson Jackie Baillie taking over until the permanent leader is revealed.
PA:Press Association 8 Rowley is at the centre of claims by a former partner
Earlier this week Kezia hosted a number of back-to-back constituency advice surgeries - thought to be a ploy to avoid criticism over those they will miss in the coming weeks.
In July Kezia revealed they are in a relationship with Holyrood rival Jenny Gilruth, SNP MSP for Mid Fife and Glenrothes, who was voted in in the 2016 Scottish Parliamentary election.
8 Kezia revealed they are in a relationship with Holyrood rival Jenny Gilruth
In a joint statement the pair, who have been dating for around eight months, told how they will “cherish” the relationship.
It came after Kezia split from long-term partner Louise Riddell last Christmas. The women, who had been together for nine years, had got engaged just five months before their break-up.
Most Read in News PICTURED CAPITAL BLAZE DRAMA Arthur's Seat on fire as emergency crews race to scene in Edinburgh WHAT A HOOP-LA Celtic-daft celebs react to Brendan Rodgers leaving for Leicester VIDEO WARNING Scots mum warns parents of Momo after 'secret' messages to petrified daughter 'GANG' TRIAL Ex-pro footballer 'promised £50k to put tracker on gang target Bonzo's car' MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed The Latest BLOOD ON THE STREETS Man, 20s, knifed to death in 4th horror stabbing in 7 hours in London TREE OF TERROR Mum horrified to learn what the strange 'pods' were hanging from branches 'SICK' Celtic and Gers fans unite to slam Rodgers trolls over Leicester helicopter crash Warning GANGLAND SLAYINGS Teen, 16, 'killed parents and dumped bodies in black bin bags' 'THEY NEED LOVE' Couple lose unborn baby in crash as they drove to hospital to give birth
The last time a serving politician, Tory MP Nadine Dorries in 2012, went into the jungle they were suspended by their party.
They later had to apologise to the House of Commons for refusing to declare how much they were paid for the ITV show.
Kezia is the third Scots politician to land up in a telly reality show.
8 Galloway was mocked by viewers for wearing a tight leotard and pretending to be a cat
In 2006 George Galloway appeared in Celebrity Big Brother — and was mocked by viewers for wearing a tight leotard and pretending to be a cat.
At the time the former Labour MP, 63, was the sitting Respect member for a London constituency.
Their housemates included Rula Lenska, Michael Barrymore and model Jodie Marsh.
Three years later former socialist MSP Tommy Sheridan, 53, went into the CBB House with La Toya Jackson, Ulrika Jonsson and Terry Christian.
One more star has still to be named to join the'm a Celeb camp in Murwillumbah, New South Wales.
We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun Online? Email us at scottishsundigital@news.co.uk or call 0141 420 5266
A very long list of linguistics movies, documentaries, and TV show episodes
Looking for linguistics and language-related films to watch? Mary Ann Walter, a linguist who runs a linguistics film series at Middle East Technical University, Northern Cyprus, has kindly forwarded their very extensive list of linguistically-relevant movies, documentaries, and episodes of TV shows, and given me permission to post it.
I have only watched some of these movies and have only very lightly edited Mary Ann's notes, so I cannot vouch for all of them, but I hope this list is helpful to people! If you know of any linguistically-relevant films that we've somehow missed, do add them in the comments. Asterisks indicate ones that are available on youtube.
Sci-fi/speculative
Arrival, 2016
Star Trek Darmok episode, 1991.
Pontypool. 2008. Horror. In a Canadian town, the English language somehow gets infected and makes them zombies.
The Falls. 1980. Mock documentary about something which killed many and left others with strange symptoms, including suddenly speaking new languages.
*Het Dak van de Walvis (On Top of the Whale) 1982 Raoul Ruiz. Parody of much of western academia. A group of field linguists set out to study an exotic language which consists only of one single word, which therefore means everything. Very strange, not a crowdpleaser.
Being John Malkovich. Also features a single word language.
English/Regional
*Do you speak American (3 episodes, each 1 hour).
*Talking Canadian (43 minutes). Difference between Canadian and US English.
Road Scholar (1993) directed by Roger Weisberg. US Poet and NPR commentator takes a road trip across the US shortly after getting their driver's license after being a pedestrian for twenty years. Language and region are foregrounded. Also features some American language and culture.
American Tongues, 1987.
*The Story of English (10 episodes, each 1 hour).
*The Adventure of English (2003, BBC, 8 episodes, each 1 hour).
Trainspotting. For Scottish English.
Riff Raff (1991) directed by Ken Loach. UK. This film about a group of construction workers features working class dialects. What was significant about the film is that it had English language subtitles for English speaking audiences.
Inferiority
English Vinglish.
*My Fair Lady. 1964.
*Pygmalion. 1938.
Pygmalion 1983, starring Peter O'Toole.
Singing in the Rain. 1952.
Indigenous and Language Endangerment
*Linguistics and Human Rights. 1 hour. With Michel de Graff.
*Why should we protect endangered languages? Nicholas Ostler. 47 min.
Our spirits don't speak English. (Native boarding schools in the U.S.)
The Linguists. (Gregory Anderson and K. David Harrison).
Vanishing Voices. PBS documentary.
Language Matters. 2015. Also PBS.
*We still live here. PBS on Wampanoag. 2011.
In languages we live. 2005. Danish and English.
Finding our talk. 2001. Canadian series on their Indigenous languages, experiences and revitalization efforts. 26 half-hour episodes.
Ga-du-gi. 2005. On Cherokee.
*The Hawaiian language shall live. 1997. 28 min.
More than words. 1996. Eyak Alaskan lang. 50 min.
Huchoosedah: traditions of the heart. 1995. 60 min. Lushootseed.
Transitions: destruction of a mother tongue. 1991. Blackfoot, 30 min.
Ultima palabra/last word, 2003. Mexico.
*Son sesler/last voices 1987. On Ubykh, in Turkish, 27 min.
*Rising Voices: Revitalizing the Lakota Language. 1 hour.
*Where the Spirit Lives, 1989. On Canadian residential schools of 1930s.
Ten canoes. 2006. Aboriginal elder tells story on a hunt.
Yolngu boy. 2001. Three Aboriginal adolescents set off for advice on court case from elder.
Rabbitproof fence. 2002. 3 Aboriginal girls taken from home to be maids, try to return.
‘Black and White', 2002, a 'based on a true story' Australian film featuring a storyline where the defence argues that a 'confession' presented to the court in Standard Australian English shouldn't be admitted as it was highly unlikely that this was an accurate representation of what the Aboriginal defendant could have produced. It even features the linguist Strehlow (big name in early Australian linguistics, and anthropology) as an expert witness.
Nirgendwo in Afrika (Nowhere in Africa). It has nice illustrations of bilingualism/multilingualism, code-switching, and child L2 acquisition. Jewish family moves to Africa in the 1930s.
Nigerian pidgin opera. 1 hour long. Can watch it streaming from the internet, but no subtitles, not possible to follow words.
Windtalkers 2002 John Woo. Navajo code talkers in WW2.
Picture Bride. 1994. Hawaiian Pidgin English.
*Black Robe. 1991. Algonquian language in the 17th/18th century.
The Harder they Come. 1973. director: Perry Henzell. Lots of Jamaican creole.
*Stepping Razor Red X. 1992. director: Nicholas Campbell. Documentary with Jamaican Creole.
*Life and Debt in Jamaica.
Feral languages, Acquisition
Dogtooth 2009. Greek film about children are kept isolated by their parents, lots of violence and sexual abuse, not appropriate for most audiences.
*The enigma of Kaspar Hauser. Herzog, 1974. (On youtube but only in German, no subtitles).
Nell. 1994. Another feral child movie, starring Jodie Foster.
*The wild child (l'enfant sauvage) Truffaut, 1969.
*Secret of the wild child. Nova 1994.
The human language series, 1995, three episodes.
Mockingbird Don't Sing. 2001. Also on Genie, just with names changed.
Animal communication
*Project Nim. 2011. On the chimp/language attempt.
The Jennie Project 2001 Gary Nadeau. Two anthropologists adopt a chimp, raise it with their own children, and teach it American Sign Language. Can rent streaming from Amazon but on own laptop ($3)
*A conversation with koko the gorilla. PBS doc. 1 hr. 1999.
Koko: A talking gorilla. 1978. Documentary.
Koko: The gorilla who talks (to people). 2016 BBC/PBS 1 hr.
*Kanzi: An Ape of Genius. 1993. In 4 parts on yt, total 1 hr.
Kanzi: Communicating apes. 13 min clip on yt of Natl Geographic show.
Human Ape. 2008. National Geographic 2 hour program. More general than just language, but includes it, as well as Kanzi. On yt but in 10 parts of 10 min each.
*Sue Savage-Rumbaugh 20 min TED talk on bonobos. (not only language).
*First Signs of Washoe. Nova season 1 ep 10. On yt in 2 parts. Total 1 hr.
Dolphins. 2000 imax movie. 40 min.
*The Girl who talked to dolphins. 2014. BBC, 1 hour. They lived with it and spoke English. Can supplement with something short like those below.
*Dolphins: Even smarter than you thought. 2015 Natl Geo, 16 min only, but shows interactive chat tech.
Inside the animal mind, BBC 2014, secrets of the social world, 20 min segment on dolphins. V. good.
*Nova science now: How smart are dolphins. 2014. 11 min, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Denise Herzing TED talk, could we speak the language of dolphins.
*In the wild with Robin Williams: Dolphins. 1994. 1 hour national geographic episode. Includes Akeakamai, the dolphin who learned to follow gestural syntax.
*BBC wildlife on one, dolphins: deep thinkers, 2003, ½ hour episode.
Deafness and Sign Language
*Sound and Fury, 2000. 80 min. Family debate over cochlear implant.
*Sound and Fury: 6 years later.
*The Heather World, TEDx talk, 13 min, by child from Sound and Fury
*TED talk by Rachel Kolb, 16 min, navigating deafness in a hearing world.
*Keith Nolan, TED, Deaf in the military.
*Life and Deaf, 2016, BBC documentary, one hour.
*For a Deaf Son, 2013 PBS doc, one hour.
*Bridge to Silence, 1989, a woman rejoins theater of the Deaf after an accident and quarrels with their mother.
*Through Deaf Eyes. NEH documentary, 2 hours.
Speechless. 2014. Documentary about aphasia.
*The Miracle Worker. 1962. Helen Keller and Anne Sullivan. Also 1979 and 2000 versions.
*Black (2005) Hindi movie, woman who can't hear, see or talk. Inspired by Keller. Full 2 hrs. Can be watched online: http://www.hindilinks4u.to/2007/06/black-2005.html
Disordered speech
Help me to speak. Stuttering.
The King's speech. Stuttering too, early speech therapy, Colin Firth.
Still Alice. 2014. Linguistics professor with early onset Alzheimer's, lexical loss. Julianne Moore.
The King's speech. Stuttering too, early speech therapy, Colin Firth. Still Alice. 2014. Linguistics professor with early onset Alzheimer's, lexical loss. Julianne Moore. Speechless. 2016. Television show about a cerebral palsy kid (and their family) who can't speak. Comedy.
The Sullivanish teacher ends up w/Alzheimer's himself, incl speech probs.
2013 Turkish remake! Benim Dunyam.
Behind the Lines/Regeneration, 1997, about PTSD-related elective mutism. (WWI poets)
Regarding Henry, 1991. Some speech pathology after brain injury (gunshot).
Rocket science, 2007. High school stutterer joins debate team. Coming-of-age, kind of inappropriate.
*Open Door: Aphasia, interviews w/NZ patients, 30 min.
*Inside Aphasia, 3 parts, 20 min. Both kind of boring.
Other
Wal-Mart boss bans White woman from store
Deborah Mahon, an elderly White lady, was accosted by two vicious nonWhites in an Arkansas department store recently, and forced to defend themselves and their heritage and culture verbally. Unfortunately, a seemingly queer store manager evicted them from the premises, the politically motivated anti-White who video recorded the encounter put it all over the internet, and then Wal-Marts pro-gay, anti-White corporate bosses got involved. Now, Mrs. Mahon has been publicly attacked and slandered based on the anti-White propaganda.
Wes,
Many people have seen the one-sided tail-end of the online video which went viral, showing a White lady instructing a Mexico-loving nonWhite immigrant invader named Eva Hicks (who is actually a paid political activist) that the United States of America was not founded of, by, or for their kind, and expressing their lack of willingness to bow over with supposed White guilt to a typically abusive and loud Negress, either. What the video doesnt show, is that the woman recording it baited Mrs. Mahon to pick a fight, on purpose. They found a tired, sick, elderly little White lady in line at the pharmacy trying to get their prescription filled, and pushed them into saying something politically incorrect so they could videotape it and beat Whites over the head with racism, again.
You know what, Eva? We just dont care, any more.
The offended nonWhite womans name is Eva Hicks. Them facebook profile was full of anti-White, pro-illegal immigration posts and pictures and memes, which is probably why they have since taken it down. In case you think that they were just an innocent victim,
On May 24th, Charles Crowson, the senior manager of corporate communications for Wal-Mart, stated that Mrs. Mahon will be banned from the store. Not the out-of-state, anti-White, pro illegal immigrant professional political activist who started the argument with them Not the third party anti-White black who jumped in to verbally name-call Mrs. Mahon. Just Mrs. Mahon.
Here is Mr. Crowsons Twitter feed.
 They are a native of Monticello, Arkansas, and
Were not sure if they and Wes are intimately involved, or not, or if Crowson is just a typical anti-White liberal cuck. Well continue to investigate this story for you, though, as it develops. from: Wal-Mart Boss Bans Whites – The Roper Report Deborah Mahon, an elderly White lady, was accosted by two vicious nonWhites in an Arkansas department store recently, and forced to defend themselves and their heritage and culture verbally. Unfortunately, a seemingly queer store manager evicted them from the premises, the politically motivated anti-White who video recorded the encounter put it all over the internet, and then Wal-Marts pro-gay, anti-White corporate bosses got involved. Now, Mrs. Mahon has been publicly attacked and slandered based on the anti-White propaganda.Wes, the Walmart Neighborhood Market Assistant Manager in Centerton, Arkansas , just south of Bentonville, didnt care whether the White woman had been harassed, or verbally abused, or even threatened. They only wanted to kick them out of the store to make the two non-Whites happy. They look like a homosexual, dont you think?Many people have seen the one-sided tail-end of the online video which went viral, showing a White lady instructing a Mexico-loving nonWhite immigrant invader named Eva Hicks (who is actually a paid political activist) that the United States of America was not founded of, by, or for their kind, and expressing their lack of willingness to bow over with supposed White guilt to a typically abusive and loud Negress, either. What the video doesnt show, is that the woman recording it baited Mrs. Mahon to pick a fight, on purpose. They found a tired, sick, elderly little White lady in line at the pharmacy trying to get their prescription filled, and pushed them into saying something politically incorrect so they could videotape it and beat Whites over the head with racism, again.You know what, Eva? We just dont care, any more.The offended nonWhite womans name is Eva Hicks. Them facebook profile was full of anti-White, pro-illegal immigration posts and pictures and memes, which is probably why they have since taken it down. In case you think that they were just an innocent victim, take a look at their linked-in account . Eva Hicks is an anti-White political activist. They formerly worked for the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund. Then they were a Congressional staffer for liberal Democrat Rep. Dina Titus of Nevada , a strong proponent of illegal immigrant amnesty, open borders, and sanctuary cities. Hicks currently is a political operative for the Brunswick Group, a Washington public relations firm. This was just as purposeful a piece of political theater as Rosa Parks arrest.On May 24th, Charles Crowson, the senior manager of corporate communications for Wal-Mart, stated that Mrs. Mahon will be banned from the store. Not the out-of-state, anti-White, pro illegal immigrant professional political activist who started the argument with them Not the third party anti-White black who jumped in to verbally name-call Mrs. Mahon. Just Mrs. Mahon.He is a native of Monticello, Arkansas, and a former TV News personality for the Little Rock CBS affiliate. Were not sure if they and Wes are intimately involved, or not, or if Crowson is just a typical anti-White liberal cuck. Well continue to investigate this story for you, though, as it develops.
Atlassian CEO Scott Farquhar (left) with Paul Fletcher, parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Communications.
"If we were starting Atlassian today, I think that Mike and I wouldn't have stayed here,” says Scott Farquhar.
Atlassian founder Scott Farquhar said they would not stay in Australia if they were starting a tech company today.
In a JJC Bradfield Institute lecture last night in Sydney, Farquhar urged Australian policymakers to encourage startups to stay by revamping tax and immigration laws, increasing access to capital, and requiring ICT education in primary schools.
“If we were starting Atlassian today, I think that [co-founder Mike Cannon-Brookes] and I wouldn't have stayed here,” Farquhar said. “We would have gone straight to the US.”
“In other words, I think the problem's gotten worse, not better.”
Australia should stop blaming its small population for a tech startup scene that lags other nations, they said. They pointed out that the country with the second largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies is Israel.
“We don't let size stop us when it comes to athletic competitions around the world. We should take a page out of Israel's book and lead in business, too.”
Software is the future, they said. “Every company is becoming a software company.”
The companies who are not headed in that direction will be disrupted by a software company, they said.
Software is a major opportunity for Australia because it has no weight and can be distributed anywhere in the world by the Internet. “Software finally liberates us from the tyranny of distance,” the Atlassian co-founder said.
To embrace the opportunity, Farquhar urged that Australia build in Sydney a technology hub like San Francisco or Tel Aviv.
“As we get more examples of worldly, successful businesses based here in Australia, they'll become better known and that will build confidence,” they said. “And young Australians will think correctly that they too can build a global software company from Australia.”
Atlassian recently caused ripples through the Australian startup scene when it announced its intention to register as a UK business. However, Farquhar told Computerworld Australia after the lecture that this was a long-term business decision that had nothing to do with Australian conditions and should not be taken as a hint the company will move its headquarters abroad.
Changes needed
The existing Australian policy on taxing employee share options is “brain dead,” said Farquhar.
Tax rule changes made under Labor in July 2009 have discouraged Australian startups from providing share options to employees. They required that the employee is taxed on the value of the share option when it is issued, before any payments are made.
In other countries, the employee is not taxed until they execute the option. This is better for cash-poor early stage startups, which can use share options as an alternative to a larger salary.
Changes to the ESOP rules are expected to be included in the government's competitiveness agenda.
Atlassian believes that share options are so important to attracting and retaining talent that it has covered the cost of the tax for its employees, said Farquhar. They estimated that this has so far cost the company a total of $5.4 million.
Farquhar said Australia should also review its superannuation policies to encourage super funds to invest in venture capital.
Today in Australia, only 0.0006 per cent of superannuation funds is invested in local venture capital, while the US has about 350 times as much relative investment, they said.
Recent superannuation disclosure orders have actually discouraged such investment, they said. The rules require every asset to be reported.
“This means if a $1 billion superannuation fund invests $10 million in local capital venture fund, which invests $100,000 in a small Australian startup, that $100,000 needs to be disclosed to every single member of the superannuation fund,” said the Atlassian CEO.
Disclosure is normally a good thing, “but this is complete madness,” they said.
“It would turn every venture capital-backed startup into a quasi-public company, having to report their valuation through to everyone in Australia.”
That information is competitively sensitive and can upset a startup's chances at success, they said.
Farquhar called for changes to 457 work visas that foreign citizens can obtain to work in Australia, including the reinstatement of the Living Away From Home Allowance (LAFHA).
They said there are too few trained engineers in Australia to rely completely on Australian employees and it is important to make immigrating easy.
However, they said the 457 visa process is so bureaucratic that it can be easier for a startup to move to the US. And it is too expensive for people to live on a 457 visa in Australia because it forces them to buy private health insurance and pay for their children's education, they said. Atlassian has lost both foreign candidates and employees due to cost of living, they said.
The recent decision to kill LAFHA, a tax allowance meant to offset some of these costs, has exacerbated the problem, they said. “With it, many of our staff have returned overseas.”
Finally, Farquhar urged that ICT education occur at a younger age to encourage more students to pursue software careers. “We absolutely must give our kids the chance to learn programming for primary and secondary education,” they said.
“Some may say not everyone will be a programmer. That's true. Not everyone who learns English goes on to be a poet. But we teach English because communication is a fundamental skill in society. Similarly, software is a fundamental skill to anyone surviving in a software world.”
Adam Bender covers telco and enterprise tech issues for Computerworld and is the author of dystopian sci-fi novels We, The Watched and Divided We Fall. Follow them on Twitter: @WatchAdam
Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU, or take part in the Computerworld conversation on LinkedIn: Computerworld Australia
Image copyright AP Image caption The incident took place on a bridge at the busy Shinjuku station in central Tokyo
A man set themselves on fire in central Tokyo in protest at a proposed law which could allow Japan to deploy its military overseas.
The man was taken to hospital after being hosed down but their condition was not immediately known, officials said.
Japan's government could make the change to its pacifist constitution as early as next Tuesday.
The US-drafted constitution bans war and "the threat or use of force" to settle international disputes.
Witnesses said the middle-aged man, wearing a suit and tie, climbed onto a pedestrian bridge at Tokyo's Shinjuku station.
"He was sitting cross-legged and was just talking, so I thought it would end without incident," one eyewitness told Reuters. "Then all of a sudden their body was enveloped in fire."
Reports said the man used a megaphone to shout for over an hour about the change to Japan's constitution.
Video shown on national television in Japan showed the flames being extinguished by officers.
'Double standard'
Japan has well-equipped and well-trained armed forces but there are severe restrictions on them being deployed abroad.
Under Article 9 of its post-war pacifist constitution, Japan is blocked from the use of force to resolve conflicts except in the case of self-defence.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Abe has said Japan must change to adapt to a new security environment
But Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says they want a new interpretation of the constitution to be agreed on.
The move has split opinion inside the country. Critics of the move warn against what they see as increasing militarism, while conservatives argue that the restriction is a double standard forced upon Japan.
Mr Abe's plan has led to criticism from China, whose relations with the Japan have become strained over territorial disputes in East China Sea.
Correspondents say the move will likely please the US, with whom Japan has a long-standing security treaty.
Law enforcement officials say at least 22 Hennepin County residents have died of heroin overdoses already this year. In a little more than two weeks, some deputies in the county will have a better shot at saving the lives of the overdose victims they encounter.
The Hennepin County Sheriff's Office says it is the first department in the state to take advantage of a new law that allows law enforcement personnel to carry and administer a drug that can temporarily reverse an opiate overdose. Other law enforcement agencies around the state are watching to see whether the program succeeds.
Deaths from opiate overdoses have skyrocketed in Minnesota and across the country in recent years, leading the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to call it an epidemic.
Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek is one of the main supporters of the law passed by the Minnesota Legislature in May. They said heroin overdose deaths in Hennepin County have risen from just six deaths three years ago to 56 deaths last year. Similar increases are being seen across the state.
'Real epidemic'
"This is a real problem, a real epidemic -- real people are dying and we need to do what we can to save them," Stanek said. "It's incumbent on us to do all that we can do to move this forward, every one of them are real lives."
The new law goes into effect on Aug. 1, and allows law enforcement personnel and other emergency responders to carry and administer the anti-overdose drug naloxone, also known by the brand name Narcan. Under the law, a doctor must write a standing order for an agency and staff must undergo a training in how to administer Narcan.
Two dozen Hennepin County sheriff's deputies will be trained in how to administer a nasal version of Narcan Thursday by staff from Hennepin County Medical Center. Dr. Jeffrey Ho wrote the standing order for the department. They said the antidote works by overpowering the opiates that are shutting down the overdose victim's respiratory system.
"When someone is in an overdose state where they've stopped breathing and they're completely unconscious, essentially they're dead at that point," Ho said. "When you give them this antidote, you're reversing that condition, they're waking up immediately."
Trained to spot, react appropriately
The training will include instructions on recognizing an opiate overdose, such as pinpoint pupils and slowed breathing. But Ho said instructors will also train deputies on how to do rescue breathing and prepare for the patient's reaction when the Narcan kicks in.
"When they wake up they're very confused, and most often they're very combative, when that happens, they'll wake up swinging," Ho said. "We'll teach deputies that when they're getting ready to give this that they have to be prepared for potentially a fight when the person wakes up."
The sheriff's ultimate goal is to train at least 75 deputies. It's going to cost about $12,000 to get the Hennepin County program going, which Stanek said will come primarily out of the department's drug forfeiture and seizure fund.
"It's a novel approach," Stanek said. "We're using those [funds] that were seized from narcotic dealers and others who peddle this poison on the street to save others who unfortunately end up with this poison."
Other counties watching
The Anoka County Sheriff's Office is one of many law enforcement agencies across the state that's closely watching Hennepin County's efforts. Cmdr. Paul Sommer said the law sounds good on paper, but that there may be some downsides to consider.
"There's the cost of the drug, the cost of the training; the statute requires that we have a medical director to authorize us to carry and administer the substance," Sommer said. "It's all something that we're still researching, all of the obligations."
Sommer emphasizes that the department isn't against the law, but that it's not as simple as putting some Narcan in a duty bag and throwing it into the trunk. A spokesperson for the St. Louis County Sheriff's Office said the department is taking a similar wait and see approach. Minneapolis Police Department spokesperson John Elder currently has no plans to outfit officers with the antidote because officers in urban areas aren't primary responders.
Stanek said he's been reaching out to police chiefs and sheriffs across the state to explain how Hennepin County has been able to overcome some of the obstacles built into the new law.
Lexi Reed Holtum of the Steve Rummler Hope Foundation, which spearheaded the push for the new law, said their group is also working with departments across the state to educate them about the requirements of the law and the effects of the overdose epidemic in their area.
"If it's that they're having problems and they aren't behind the law because they don't agree with certain components of it, then we really want to help educate them as to the reality of the situation," Holtum said. "If it's because they don't have the funding, then how [can we] help work with them to help find the funding in the state."
Both Holtum and Stanek were among the supporters of the law at an official signing ceremony with Gov. Mark Dayton on Wednesday that also included many family members of overdose victims.
"After 31 years of public service, as a cop, as a policymaker, this is one of the proudest moments of my career," Stanek said. "This will save lives."
Twenty-five Forest Lake officers would be affected if the resolution takes hold. It will next move to the Washington County Board of Commissioners, which will ultimately decide the department's fate. If the board agrees to dissolve, it would take effect Sept. 1.
Forest Lake police officers sat in the front row at Monday's meeting, while residents shouting from behind them called on Winnick to resign.
Last week, city council members decided to delay the vote on whether to dismantle the department because more than four hours of public comment pushed the meeting past 11 p.m.
The city administrator previously stated cutting the police department would save the city about $400,000 per year. Winnick has said such a change would cut costs but not services, with the Washington County Sheriff's Office taking over law enforcement duties.
A Vancouver activist is organizing protests against Oprah Winfrey, who is set to make three appearances in Ottawa, Montreal and Hamilton this week. The issue: the celebrity's endorsement of an anti-aging cream called TNS Recovery Complex made by SkinMedica, which contains skin cells called fibroblast that are derived from male foreskin.
Oprah endorsed SkinMedica's TNS Recovery Complex on their talk show. ( ANDREW KELLY / REUTERS )
Winfrey endorsed the product on their talk show, which ended in 2011. “How would Oprah respond if a skin cream for men hit the market that was made using cells from the genitalia of little girls? I think they would be absolutely disgusted and appalled, and rightly so. So it's crazy that she's doing the opposite,” said Glen Callender of the pro-foreskin advocacy group the Canadian Foreskin Awareness Project. “We think it's extremely hypocritical and distasteful that Oprah Winfrey — who is themselves a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and an outspoken opponent of female genital mutilation — at the same time uses and promotes a product that wouldn't exist if not for the forcible genital mutilation of boys,” they added.
Article Continued Below
Callender organized a protest when Winfrey appeared at a sold-out event in Vancouver on Jan. 24. The protest received international coverage. The former talk-show star and international media mogul has upcoming shows in Ottawa on April 10, Montreal on April 11 and Hamilton on April 13. SkinMedica founder Dr. Richard Fitzpatrick has previously stated that while an ingredient in the anti-wrinkle cream is derived from foreskin fibroblast, the cells are grown from a single foreskin obtained more than 20 years ago. “Initially, there was a misunderstanding and people thought we were actually grinding up the foreskin. So, there was a lot of snickering and laughing about people putting this foreskin product on their face,” Fitzpatrick said.
Read more about:
Meenaxi: A Tale of Three Cities (or Meenaxi) is a 2004 Hindi film[1] directed by M.F. Husain and starring Tabu, Kunal Kapoor and Raghuvir Yadav. The film centrs on Hyderabad novelist Nawab (Yadav) who is suffering from writer's block. After five years and no stories, Nawab comes across an unconventional muse, Meenaxi (Tabu). The three cities referred to in the title are Hyderabad, Jaisalmer and Prague. The film features an acclaimed score and soundtrack by A.R.Rahman.
It is semi-autobiographical in some respects. There are allusions to Husain's own experiences with their muse, Madhuri Dixit, with whom they made their previous film, Gaja Gamini (2000).[2] The film was screened in the Marché du Film section of the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.[3]
Synopsis [ edit ]
Nawab, a popular Hyderabadi novelist, is suffering from a classic case of writer's block. Five years have passed, and stories of substance seem to have dried up. Then, almost providentially, Nawab comes across a young woman named Meenaxi. She's enigmatic and individualistic – and not quite willing to perform the part of a passive muse. But that doesn't deter a rejuvenated Nawab from giving them different personae – they can be the mysterious perfume trader of Hyderabad, the exotic desert bloom of Jaisalmer or the orphaned Maria of Prague. Inexorably, they consolidate their command over the novelist. They dismiss their renewed attempts at writing as insubstantial and hackneyed, plunging them into a state of deeper despair.  They are scathingly critical about their story and is amused by one of their characters, the lovelorn and awkward Kameshwar. Finally, as Nawab strives on a new page all over again, Meenaxi comments that perhaps the book is in vain. In any case, it is much too late. The writer must survive and live, if they can, without their support, inspiration and criticism.[4]
Cast [ edit ]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
A.R. Rahman has composed the music on lyrics written by Rahat Indori, M. F. Husain, and Sukhwinder Singh. The music for Meenaxi was released on 24 January 2004 creating great controversies regarding the song "Noor-Un-Ala" which had lyrics directly adapted from the Quran.[5][6] The soundtrack of the movie got high appreciations from the critics. Rahman composed some of their career best songs for it.[citation needed] The background score was also composed by Rahman. Rahman goes completely into Qawwali rhythms for Hyderabad, a rustic, earthy, Arabic rhythms for Jaisalmer and a rich lavish string for Prague and brings out the essence and cultures of the three cities through their enticing scores.[original research?]
The initial lines of "Chinnamma Chilakamma" give a feel of Telugu peppy number, but as Sukhwinder Singh picks up their lines, a Hyderabadi accent is revealed. The lyrics are penned by Sukhwinder Singh. "Rang Hai" is like a rustic mysterious cry of a woman. Alka Yagnik is the main vocalist whilst Lebanese singer Dallinda provided additional vocals. "Dhuan Dhuan" is a sultry and seductive number sung by Asha Bhonsle. Additional vocals are by Kunal and percussions by Rahman's usual associate Sivamani. A.R. Rahman said about recording of this song at the filmfare: "For one song, we started with no tune and no lyrics either. One afternoon I bumped into Lataji and Ashaji in London. I asked Ashaji if she'd do a song with me the next day. They had to go to Scotland the next day. But they returned in a few days and we finished the track "Dhuan Dhuan" in four hours in London."[citation needed] "Yeh Rishta" is a melody sung by Reena Bhardwaj who has previously worked with Rahman in a chartbuster song for the Tamil movie Baba. It was later reused by Rahman in the Tamil movie Sakkarakatti as "Naan Epodhu" with the same singer which then became a chartbuster.[citation needed] It was picturised as Tabu's solo entrance piece in the film. "Do Kadam" is highly regarded as one of Rahman's best compositions.[citation needed] This song is sung by Sonu Nigam with lyrics provided by Rahat Indori. Planetbollywood referred to this song as the best from Sonu Nigam.[7] The controversial song "Noor-Un-Ala-Noor" is a Sufi style song sung by Murtaza Khan and Qadir Khan, together called Khan brothers. Lyrics for the song was by M. F. Hussain which slightly adapted the Quranic verses honourung Allah to honour the lead character Meenaxi.[5][6] M. F. Hussain wrote in The Hindu about this song, "There is a qawwali written by me and sung by classical musicians Ustad Ghulam Mustafa and their son for which Rahman has tuned unusual music. The film opens with this qawwali, the picturisation of which is a major highlight...The qawwali is exultant about the presence of the light and what a light it is! It is a Sufi thought, a thought that keep us going even when there is pitch darkness."[citation needed]
"Cyclist's Rhythm" and "Potter's Village" were instrumentals composed by A. R. Rahman with percussions by Sivamani and flute by Navin Kumar in the former and percussions by Hossam Ramzy and strings by John Themis in the latter.[citation needed]
Track listing [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating Planet Bollywood [8] Smashits [9] Bollywood Hungama [10]
The soundtrack for Meenaxi has received positive reviews from critics and fans. Since the film bombed at the box office due to controversies created, the soundtrack, too, remained unnoticed. But the tracks such as "Yeh Rishta" and "Chinnamma Chillakkamma" became chartbusters when they were reused in the 2008 Tamil movie Sakkarakatti.
Noor-Un-Ala controversy [ edit ]
The audio was released on 24 January 2004 creating controversy regarding the song "Noor-Un-Ala" which had lyrics directly taken from the Quran.[5][6] The movie was pulled from cinemas a day after some Muslim organisations raised objections to the song.[11] The All-India Ulema Council complained that the Qawwali song was blasphemous. The council was supported by Muslim organisations like the Milli Council, All-India Muslim Council, Raza Academy, Jamiat-ul-Ulema-e-Hind and Jamat-e-Islami. Husain's son stated that the words were a phrase referring to divine beauty that were being sung for the central character played by Tabu. They said there was no intention to offend. Following the wave of protests the enraged artist pulled their movie from the theatres.
Awards [ edit ]
Adventures in Multi Paradigm Programming
13 minute read
It's remarkable just how many types of programming are possible with Emacs lisp. In fact, it's hard to find a style of programming that isn't possible. I've translated a few examples from other languages into elisp to showcase this diversity.
Iterating over a sequence
Suppose we want to double every item in a list. In Ruby, we might write it like this, using map:
some_list = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] some_list . map { | x | x * 2 }
In Elisp, we can use mapcar :
( setq some-list ' ( 1 2 3 )) ( mapcar ( lambda ( x ) ( * x 2 )) some-list )
In Python, we might use a list comprehension:
some_list = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] [ x * 2 for x in some_list ]
Elisp has the loop macro (originally from Common Lisp):
( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( setq some-list ' ( 1 2 3 )) ( loop for x in some-list collect ( * x 2 ))
In Scala, we can use special arguments to denote the function arguments:
val someList = List ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) someList . map ( _ * 2 )
Using anaphoric macros we can do this in elisp:
( require 'dash ) ;; available on MELPA and Marmalade ( setq some-list ' ( 1 2 3 )) ( --map ( * it 2 ) some-list )
Searching a sequence
Suppose we want to find the first integer in a list that's lower than some value. In Java, we'd probably use a for-each loop, terminating as soon as we find the value we're looking for.
import java.util.List ; // inside some class public Integer findLessThan ( Integer threshold , List < Integer > list ) { for ( Integer item: list ) { if ( item < threshold ) { return item ; } } return null ; }
We can do this in elisp using dolist and return :
( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( defun find-less-than ( threshold list ) ( dolist ( item list ) ( when ( < item threshold ) ( return item ))))
In Haskell, we'd write this in a functional style, composing functions:
findLessThan :: Ord c => c -> [ c ] -> c findLessThan threshold = head . filter . ( < threshold )
We can do this in elisp too:
( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( require 'dash ) ( defun find-less-than ( threshold list ) ( ->> list ( --filter ( < it threshold )) first ))
Function arguments
Suppose we want to find the mean of several numbers. In C, we might write:
float mean ( float x , float y ) { return ( x + y ) / 2 ; }
No sweat in elisp:
( defun mean ( x y ) ( / ( + x y ) 2 ))
However, C doesn't support variadic functions without also passing in the number of arguments. In many other languages, we can write a function that takes any number of arguments. In JavaScript:
function mean () { var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arguments . length ; i ++ ) { sum += arguments [ i ]; } return sum / arguments . length ; }
Elisp supports variadic functions out of the box. This gives us a straightforward translation:
( defun mean ( &rest args ) ( let (( sum ( apply '+ args ))) ( / sum ( length args ))))
In Python, we might use keyword arguments when calling functions. This can make function calls clearer (we can see which argument is which) and facilitates optional arguments:
def greet ( greeting = 'Hello' , name = 'anonymous' ): return " % s % s!" % ( greeting , name ) greet () # "Hello anonymous!" greet ( greeting = 'Hi' ) # "Hi anonymous!" greet ( name = 'Wilfred' , greeting = 'Hey' ) # "Hey Wilfred!"
We can use defun* to do this in elisp:
( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( defun* greet ( &key ( greeting "Hello" ) ( name "anonymous" )) ( format "%s %s!" greeting name )) ( greet ) ( greet :greeting "Hi" ) ( greet :name "Wilfred" :greeting "Hey" )
Destructuring and Pattern Matching
In CoffeeScript, it's possible to destructure an array like this:
sumPair = ( pair ) -> [ first , second ] = pair first + second
Elisp has you covered:
( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( defun sum-pair ( pair ) ( destructuring-bind ( first second ) pair ( + first second )))
In functional languages like Ocaml, we can use a more general technique of pattern matching:
let rec sum_list list = match list with | [] -> 0 | ( x :: xs ) -> 1 + ( sum_list xs );
Elisp can do pattern matching too, with pcase :
( defun sum-list ( list ) ( pcase list ( ` nil 0 ) ;; note that elisp does not do TCO ;; but see https://github.com/Wilfred/tco.el ( ` ( , x . , xs ) ( + x ( sum-list xs )))))
Monads
Monads, as popularised by Haskell, don't really make sense without type classes. However, the Maybe monad has a natural elisp equivalent. An inexperienced Haskell programmer might write:
maybeAdd :: Maybe Int -> Maybe Int -> Maybe Int maybeAdd x y = case x of Just x' -> case y of Just y' -> Just $ x' + y' _ -> Nothing _ -> Nothing
There's a lot of wrapping and unwrapping here, which a monad can do for us:
maybeAdd :: Maybe Int -> Maybe Int -> Maybe Int maybeAdd x y = do x' <- x y' <- y return $ x' + y'
(An experienced Haskeller would just use liftM2 (+) , but that's not relevant here.)
dash.el provides -when-let* (equivalent to Scheme's and-let ) which allows us to mimic this behaviour:
( require 'dash ) ( defun maybe-add ( x y ) ( -when-let* (( x* x ) ( y* y )) ( + x* y* )))
Objects
A classic example of a class-based code structure might be a monster in a game:
class Monster ( object ): def __init__ ( self ): self . health = 100 self . alive = True def take_damage ( damage ): self . health -= damage if self . health =< 0 : self . alive = False
Elisp has EIEIO (Enhanced Implementation of Emacs Interpreted Objects), which is an implementation of CLOS (the Common Lisp Object System). So, we can straightforwardly translate this:
( require 'eieio ) ( eval-when-compile ( require 'cl )) ( defclass monster () (( health :initform 100 ) ( alive :initform t ))) ( defmethod take-damage (( m monster ) damage ) ( decf ( oref m health ) damage ) ( when ( <= ( oref m health ) 0 ) ( setf ( oref m alive ) nil )))
No discussion of object-oriented code would be complete, of course, without an example of class-based inheritance:
class BossMonster ( Monster ): def __init__ ( self ): super ( BossMonster , self ) . __init__ () self . health = 500
EIEIO version:
( defclass boss-monster ( monster ) (( health :initform 500 )))
Finally, EIEIO also has support for more exotic object-oriented features, such as mixins:
class TalksMixin ( object ): catchphrase = "Rawr!" def say ( self , player ): return self . catchphrase class NoisyMonster ( Monster , TalksMixin ): pass
EIEIO:
( defclass talks-mixin () (( catchphrase :initform "Rawr!" ))) ( defmethod say (( thing talks-mixin )) ( oref thing catchphrase )) ( defclass noisy-monster ( monster talks-mixin ) ())
Namespaces
Elisp has separate namespaces for functions and variables. So if we store a function in a variable, we have to use funcall to use it. Scheme, however, is a lisp-1 with a single namespace. In Scheme we can write:
;; assign a function to the symbol ( define add-two ( lambda ( x ) ( + x 2 ))) ;; assign a value to a symbol ( define two 2 ) ( add-two two ) ;; 4
With a short macro, we can actually execute this code unchanged:
( defmacro define ( name object ) ` ( setq , name ( fset ',name , object ))) ( define add-two ( lambda ( x ) ( + x 2 ))) ( define two 2 ) ( add-two two ) ;; 4
In Clojure, we can use explicit namespaces to separate code. This prevents us having to worry about name clashes.
;; idiomatic clojure would use the ns macro here instead ( in-ns 'hello ) ( clojure.core/defn say [] "Hello world" ) ( in-ns 'goodbye ) ( clojure.core/defn say [] "Goodbye world" ) ( hello/say )
There's a codex.el package that allows us to do this in elisp:
( require 'codex ) ( defcodex hello ( :use emacs )) ( in-codex hello ( emacs:defun say () "Hello world" )) ( defcodex goodbye ( :use hello ) ( :use emacs )) ( in-codex hello ( emacs:defun say () "Goodbye world" ) ( hello:say ))
What elisp doesn't have
Elisp can't do everything. There are some languages features that simply can't be implemented by the users. There are no reader macros, there's no FFI, and there's no multithreading (though threads are being worked on).
There are also powerful language features that could be implemented, but haven't yet been implemented in elisp. For example, metaclasses (implemented in CLOS), hygienic macros (implemented in Common Lisp), logic programming (implemented in Clojure) or even a type system (implemented in Scheme).
Should I write code like this?
For the features I have demonstrated, some examples are carefully chosen to showcase the capabilities of elisp. For example, the define macro still won't allow you to write ((foo) bar) , it's a syntax error. Other examples are impractical (codex.el currently makes edebug unusable), whilst still others are so rarely used that other elisp developers will need time to understand the code.
Used in moderation however, these are all excellent tools which an elisp programmer can use. They or they can bend the language according to the problem at hand, rather than the other way round.
All that aside, elisp is an immensely flexible, deeply hackable language. Not only does it enable you to be productive extremely quickly (“learning any amount of elisp makes your life better immediately”), it also provides a whole zoo of language features, providing an elegant way of expressing virtually any program.
Washington wide receiver Kasen Williams suffered an Lisfranc injury in the first half of the Cal-Washington game. After being hit by Cal's Kameron Jackson, Williams remained motionless on the field for several minutes and was eventually carted off with their leg in an air cast.
RT @Softykjr: Elise Woodward reported on air that Kasen Williams has a Lisfranc injury. Fractured foot — Bryan Fischer (@BryanDFischer) October 27, 2013
The injury could could force them to miss the rest of the year.
The junior has 28 catches for 400 yards and a touchdown this season, second on the team in the first category, and tied for fifth in the second.
Their loss may be mitigated somewhat with the variety of weapons that Washington has at its disposal, including massive tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins, leading wide receiver Kevin Smith, and running back Bishop Sankey, who reached the thousand yard mark earlier in the game.
More from SB Nation college football:
Follow @SBNationCFBFollow @SBNRecruiting
• Updated college football scoreboard
• Week 9 college football TV schedule: What to watch
• Mobile-friendly stories on today's games, injuries, and more
• Each BCS title contender's chances of finishing perfect
• The Grove is closed: Spencer Hall on fear and victory at Ole Miss
• Daily college football news headlines
In 1900, A. Smith Woodward of thedescribed the first anaspid from Miguasha using a specimen discovered some years earlier.Baptizedthis animals unique features fascinated paleontologists.The absence of paired fins and the somewhat poor preservation of the head made it difficult to distinguish top from the bottom. This is why Woodwards first illustrations showupside-down, with an epicercal tail and dorsal fin instead of a hypocercal tail and anal fin. This inverted representation suggests that Mr. Woodwards interpretation was influenced by the paleontological beliefs of their day, which held that any hypothetical ancestor of the gnathostomes must have had an epicercal tail.More than a century later, the species was better described and presented right side up. We now know that its tail was strangely similar to those of the Silurian anaspids, and that its gill apparatus was exceptionally long, with thirty gill pairs from head to anus. This surprising discovery means that the branchial basket stretched almost the entire length of its body, requiring a significant rearrangement of its other inner organs. This extreme specialization, which has never been found in any other vertebrate group, was likely an adaptation to life in oxygen-poor waters, like those of the Miguasha estuary.In 1991, and for several years after, researchers thought that they had unveiled another new anaspid species at Miguasha. Baptizedthis fish differed fromby the greater separation between its anal fin and tail, and the possible presence of a very small dorsal fin. These details turned out to be artifacts of preservation, and both species are now thought to be one and the same.Like the agnathans, Euphanerops had a cartilaginous internal skeleton. A recent microscope study of various endoskeletal features revealed that the cartilaginous structures had begun to calcify in mature specimens. The manner in which the cartilage was undergoing ossification is quite unusual, and is comparable to the cartilage of todays lampreys that can be partially calcified by artificial means in the laboratory. Could this represent an evolutionary attempt towards endoskeleton calcification, a trend that was developing concurrently in the gnathostome group?Ongoing studies of many new specimens of the curiousanaspid are revealing unique anatomical details, some of which move it closer to lampreys, and others that are more reminiscent of the first vertebrates to have evolved in Early Cambrian time. This animal undoubtedly has more surprises in store for us!
By Jonathan Stempel
(Reuters) - A federal appeals court said a U.S. Postal Service regulation banning firearms on postal property is constitutional, and reversed a lower court ruling that would have let people keep weapons inside their vehicles in post office parking lots.
By a 2-1 vote on Friday, the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver ruled against Tab Bonidy, a licensed gun owner who said the restrictions violated their Second Amendment right to bear arms.
Circuit Judge David Ebel said the right to carry firearms does not apply to federal buildings such as post offices, and that while it was a "closer question" they would not second-guess the Postal Service's extending the ban to its parking lots.
"The security of the postal building itself is integrally related to the security of the parking lot adjacent to it," Ebel wrote.
Bonidy, joined as a plaintiff by the National Association for Gun Rights, sued after learning they would be prosecuted if they carried a firearm into a post office in Avon, Colorado, near the Vail ski resort, or stored it in the post office parking lot while they went inside to pick up their mail.
"My clients are obviously disappointed, and we're weighing our options," said Steven Lechner, chief legal officer of the Mountain States Legal Foundation, which represented the plaintiffs.
The U.S. Department of Justice, which defended the regulation, was not immediately available for comment.
Friday's decision partially reversed a 2013 ruling by U.S. District Judge Richard Matsch in Denver.
Circuit Judge Timothy Tymkovich dissented, saying they would have voided the regulation as applied to the parking lot.
The case is Bonidy et al v. U.S. Postal Service et al, 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 13-1374.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Grant McCool)
Talk therapy may be on the rise in Ireland, but clients still aren't asking their therapists about their qualifications and accreditations.
Talk therapy may be on the rise in Ireland, but clients still aren't asking their therapists about their qualifications and accreditations.
Talking therapy is on rise... but who are we talking to?
While Irish people may euphemistically concede that they are "talking to someone", they often don't know who exactly that person is, or what the letters after their name mean.
There is a bewildering choice of therapists and therapies available in Ireland, coupled with a woeful lack of consumer information. Furthermore, psychotherapists and counsellors are not currently regulated under the Health and Social Care Professionals Act 2005.
"The persistent lack of regulation in psychotherapy is profoundly concerning," says cognitive scientist and philosopher of medicine Dr Charlotte Blease.
"There is still no statutory regulation for therapists in Ireland (though there are moves in this direction with CORU). And unlike medicine, it is not possible to become a licensed psychotherapist.
"Anyone can stick a plaque on their door, set up an internet site, dub themselves a 'therapist' and start charging by the hour. I also imagine that many of these people are falsely calling themselves 'Dr' or even 'Professor'," they add.
Counselling and psychotherapy are self-regulated industries in Ireland. Just as psychology is accredited by associations such as the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI), counselling and psychotherapy are accredited by bodies such as the Irish Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (IACP); the Irish Association of Humanistic & Integrative Psychotherapy (IAHIP); and the Association of Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI).
These bodies have stringent standards of excellence and therapists are required to partake in a mandatory number of client contact-work hours (450 hours for prospective IACP members) after successful completion of core work.
"Psychotherapists who are members of bodies such as the IACP, and similar organisations, must adhere to strict ethical codes of conduct to respect patient autonomy, client confidentiality, and to conduct themselves in a professional manner," says Dr Blease.
Non-membership doesn't disqualify therapists from practicing though, as psychotherapist and Love Rewired author David Kavanagh explains.
"People can do a course that is accredited to a proper organisation but then not necessarily go off and get the proper registration hours that they need. If they don't get the registration hours that they need, then they are not officially registered."
Kavanagh's clients often ask them to explain the difference between a counsellor and a psychotherapist.
"I always answer 'about seven years' training'. I have a degree, a diploma, three years post-grad and then two years to get registration. It was a nine-year educational process for me to become a psychotherapist with the Family Therapy Association of Ireland.
"Yet I could become a counsellor in six months after doing my Leaving Cert. Or I could do a six- week course in counselling online, get a certificate from America, put myself forward and nobody is legislating against me."
Dublin-based psychotherapist Liam Plant, who is accredited with three bodies, both here and in the UK, believes that therapists are ethically obliged to tell clients if they are still in the process of becoming accredited. They also offer a list of 'questions to ask your therapist' on their website.
"There was a proliferation in the noughties of private colleges offering courses that maybe didn't pay sufficient attention to the highest standards of practice," says Plant. "I personally think the minimum level of education should be a Masters."
Thankfully, the Irish industry is slowly moving in this direction. The IACP is increasing the minimum educational requirement for Counselling & Psychotherapy (for the purpose of accreditation) to Degree Level 8 on the National Framework of Qualifications from September 2018.
This will significantly up the ante of an already challenging programme, says copywriter Laura-Kelly Walsh, who is currently studying part-time for an IACP-recognised diploma in psychotherapy over two years. Them studies include 450 hours of training, 50 hours of personal therapy and 150 hours of supervised practice.
"I realised how important it is to do an IACP or IAHIP accredited course after researching the courses available in Ireland," they explain. "Also, given the nature of the profession, an online course was out of the question."
Psychotherapist Barbara Foley became IACP-accredited a year ago. They originally trained as a nurse before working in clinical research for 12 years. They started a degree in psychotherapy six years ago, practiced for two years before becoming fully accredited and is currently studying for a two-year post-grad in adolescent psychotherapy.
"My concern is the rise of online courses in things like CBT [cognitive behavioural therapy], NLP [Neuro-linguistic programming] and mindfulness," they say. "I'm not aware of the accreditation around them and I just wonder how vigilant people are about researching the regulatory process."
Dr Blease has similar reservations.
"A friend of mine suggested going to 'mindfulness classes'. I went along with them twice, purely out of curiosity for the standard of care. I was appalled. I have no idea what kind of training they received and I witnessed this 'therapist' tell one patient (who had made it known that they were grieving) that, 'cancer is caused by the food that we eat'."
"The problem with Ireland is that people don't ask enough," adds Kavanagh. "They don't say 'tell me about your qualifications and expertise'. They don't ask 'where did you train, who did you register with, are you insured?'"
Foley agrees. They say that while GPs will only refer patients to registered psychotherapists, clients are considerably less ­attentive about looking for ­accreditations. One way to navigate this is to find a reputable centre. MyMind, a not-for-profit provider of mental health care services, requires all therapists to be practicing under a recognised accreditation body and to be undergoing regular supervision.
"Finding a therapist in your area can be done through consulting the directories of professional bodies," explains MyMind communications officer Carmel Bryce. "It can also be helpful to have a recommendation from a trusted source, such as a GP or friend."
Patients should also be educated about the therapeutic process and the possible risks, says Dr Blease.
"They deserve to be made known about evidence which shows that some versions of therapy will be more suitable for their problems than other kinds of therapy.
"They also deserve to be told that therapy may carry risks: around 10pc of patients experience worsening of symptoms as a result of long-term therapy. Honest and competent therapists - therapists who are working within the sphere of evidence-based practice - will make patients aware of these facts.
"Just because psychotherapy involves talking does not mean it is harmless."
Indo Review
A think tank head has told Sputnik that Saudi Arabia had severed the diplomatic ties with Qatar in preparation for a full-scale invasion of its neighboring country.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Saudi Arabia's decision to cut off all ties with the Persian Gulf state of Qatar may be a prelude to invading the small and wealthy emirate and seizing its wealth, Institute for Gulf Affairs Founder and Director Professor Ali al-Ahmed told Sputnik.
"I project the invasion of Qatar… I have received reports of Saudi military movements near the Qatari border," al-Ahmed said on Monday. "The Saudis: They are preparing."
Al-Ahmed warned that a full-scale invasion of Qatar could occur much sooner than anyone anticipated.
"Check on the frequency of bombings in Yemen… A key sign will be if there is a cessation or major reduction in the number of Saudi air strikes being conducted against the rebel forces in Yemen. That would indicate the Saudis are massing their forces for a sudden move against Qatar instead," al-Ahmed stated.
© Sputnik / Andrey Stenin Egypt Creates Gov't Board to Monitor Situation After Cutting Ties With Qatar
President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who had close ties with the Saudi royal family during their 15 years as Chairman and CEO of Exxon, would both tacitly support the Saudi invasion of Qatar, al-Ahmed claimed.
"I have it on good authority that Trump has already told the Saudis they would have no objection," they said.
If the Saudis invaded Qatar, they would also be strongly supported by Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, especially the Kingdom of Bahrain which hosts the US Fifth Fleet in the Persian Gulf, al-Ahmed stated.
"The Saudis are very angry with the Qataris… The Saudis won't ever let Yemen have its independence… Bahrain hates Qatar," they noted.
Saudi Arabia's leaders were determined to reduce Qatar to becoming a subservient satellite of Riyadh and reduced to servile dependence like the current government in Yemen, al-Ahmed explained.
"The Saudis have two goals: First, to get Qatar into a subservient relationship that is comparable to slave labor. There are to be no half measures. Second, the Saudis are eyeing the massive Qatari reserves of cash. They want it," they said.
The current Saudi leadership was reverting to the principles of robbery and piracy by which the nation's father, King Abdelaziz ibn Saud created the Desert Kingdom more than a century ago, al-Ahmed pointed out.
"Saudi Arabia was a state founded on the principle of robbery and looting. That is what the al-Saud originally were: They were desert raiders and looters. They were desert pirates. Now they desperately need money again," they stated.
President Donald Trump had made clear to the Saudis they expected them to pay far larger sums directly and indirectly to the United States to finance their defense, increasing the fiscal burdens on Riyadh, al-Ahmed observed.
"The Saudis need money right and left. Now Trump has made new financial demands on them: They will run out of money. With all those commitments they are desperate for fresh infusions of cash," they said.
The Saudis remained determined to have a leadership in Qatar that is totally submissive to them, al-Ahmed concluded.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The accord between New Delhi and the Naga people in the north-east of the country comes after nearly two decades of negotiations and 60 years of conflict.
NEW DELHI // Analysts have hailed the historic peace deal between the Indian government and insurgents in the north-eastern state of Nagaland, but say the real work of conflict resolution still lies ahead.
The accord, which comes after nearly two decades of negotiations to end the 60-year-long conflict, was signed in New Delhi on Monday by prime minister Narendra Modi and the Nationalist Socialist Council of Nagaland (Isak-Muivah). The group is known as NSCN-IM and incorporates the names of its two leaders, Isak Chishi Swu and Thuingaleng Muivah.
NSCN-IM is a splinter of an earlier group, the NSCN. Mr Muivah, 81, who helped form the NSCN in 1980, signed the accord with Mr Modi. Mr Swu, 85, is in a New Delhi hospital with kidney disease.
In signing the deal, the NSCN-IM effectively gave up its demand for the formation of an independent state, Nagalim, comprising the areas in north-east India and Myanmar where the Naga people – an ethnic group made up of 17 tribes – now live.
Under the agreement, the borders of Nagaland will also remain the same, and not be enlarged to create a Greater Nagaland state. The NSCN-IM envisaged such a state incorporating Nagaland – where Nagas make up the ethnic majority – and Naga-inhabited areas in the bordering states of Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
In return, according to a report in the Indian Express newspaper, the peace agreement gives Naga tribes in Manipur a certain degree of autonomy, although no details about this autonomy have yet been released.
Among Indian states outside of Nagaland – where it is assumed that Nagas have the state government to represent them – Manipur has the highest population of Nagas, who have complained about feeling discriminated against by Manipuris. The NSCN-IM's demands on behalf of Nagas in Manipur have often triggered protests in the state.
The accord is seen as a triumph for Mr Modi and previous governments that worked on the negotiations. But Sudeep Chakravarti, the author of Highway 39, a book dealing with the Nagaland conflict, says that while the deal is “very big”, it does not mark an unqualified end to the conflict.
Although the NSCN-IM is the largest of the Naga separatist groups, and the largest armed group in India's north-east, Mr Chakravarti pointed out that there are at least three other Naga insurgent outfits who have not been involved in the negotiations.
One of them, an NSCN splinter called NSCN-Khaplang, named after its leader S S Khaplang, has robust networks in the region and is suspected by the Indian government of being backed by China.
“I think everyone in Nagaland has only cautiously welcomed the declaration of August 3,” Mr Chakravarti said. “Nobody has accepted it as a resolution of conflict, period. It's just a beginning of the actual work of resolving the conflict.”
Pradip Phanjoubam, editor of the Imphal Free Press, a newspaper published in the Manipur capital of Imphal, agreed.
Writing in The Wire, a news website, Mr Phanjoubam pointed out that Manipur's government may have problems with any autonomy conferred upon Naga people living in the state.
While in addition, “the Nagas of Nagaland may resent the fact that they were dragged into four decades of turmoil for what, in the end, has turned out to be a deal that mostly benefits the Nagas of Manipur”, Mr Phanjoubam wrote.
But on Monday at least, both the prime minister and Mr Muivah seemed optimistic.
“The colonial rulers had, by design, kept the Nagas isolated and insulated,” Mr Modi said, referring to British rule of India.
“Today's agreement is a shining example of what we can achieve when we deal with each other in a spirit of equality and respect, trust and confidence. We will not only try to heal wounds and resolve problems, but also be your partner as you restore your pride and prestige.”
For their part, Mr Muivah hailed Mr Modi's “visionary leadership”.
“The Nagas will remember you for your statesmanship and your profound understanding of Nagas with warm heart for them,” they said. “On behalf of the Naga people, I want to assure you once again that the Nagas can be trustworthy and taken into confidence for any policy for the North-east.”
The separatist movement in Nagaland traces its roots to the Naga Club, a council of Nagas who in 1929 told India's British rulers to “leave us alone to determine for ourselves as in ancient times”. In 1951, four years after India gained independence, a new body known as the Naga National Council claimed to have held a referendum in which 99 per cent of Nagas supported an independent Nagaland.
Naga separatism turned violent in the mid-1950s. In 1958, the then Indian prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, enacted a law that gave the army special powers to make arrests and conduct searches without warrants, and to fire “even to the causing of death” upon those suspected of breaking the law.
The first serious peace negotiations began in 1995, when then-prime minister P V Narasimha Rao met the leaders of the NSCN-IM in Paris. After more talks, the government and the NSCN-IM signed a ceasefire in July 1997 – a precursor to the nearly 80 rounds of further parleys that it took to arrive at Monday's peace deal.
ssubramanian@thenational.ae
In Azure Automation, runbook authoring is typically done in the Azure portal, using our browser-based experience. However, in experimenting with ways to improve our runbook authoring process, we developed a new, open-source tool for runbook authoring – the (take a deep breath) Azure Automation PowerShell ISE add-on!
This project has been in the works for a while and is already used by many of our customers. Now we think it's finally ready for more exposure and usage. We built this experience because we observed two things:
Our customers heavily use the PowerShell ISE when writing PowerShell They even use the PowerShell ISE when writing runbooks, copy/pasting back and forth with the portal or importing/exporting with the PowerShell cmdlets
So we thought, why not create an Azure Automation experience that builds on top of this powerful tool? If you're interested in speeding up your runbook authoring process using tools you're already familiar with, we hope you'll give the Azure Automation PowerShell ISE add-on a try!
Installation
You can install the ISE add-on module from PowerShell Gallery with:
> Install-Module AzureAutomationAuthoringToolkit -Scope CurrentUser
Then, if you want the PowerShell ISE to always automatically load the add-on, run:
> Install-AzureAutomationIseAddOn
Otherwise, whenever you want to load the add-on, just run the following in the PowerShell ISE:
> Import-Module AzureAutomationAuthoringToolkit
The add-on will prompt you to update if a newer version becomes available.
Overview
When you load the add-on, it will appear on the right-hand side of the PowerShell ISE.
You can use it to view, edit and test the runbooks in your Automation Account; also to manage your Automation assets.
The Configuration tab (pictured above) is where you sign in to Azure and select the Automation account to work against. Its runbooks and assets are downloaded to the workspace folder specified at the top of this tab. For security, secret asset values (like encrypted variables and credential passwords) are not downloaded, but can be manually entered and securely stored locally – more details on that later.
Test runbooks on your local machine
When you install the add-on, it also provides cmdlets that emulate the standard Automation activities like Get-AutomationVariable, Get-AutomationPSCredential, Set-AutomationVariable, etc. Because your account's assets get downloaded when you sign in, you can test your runbooks on your local machine before you test them in Automation!
Once you've done some local testing, you can also test your runbook in Azure Automation (or on any hybrid workers connected to your Automation Account) without leaving the ISE experience. For example:
The new window shows information about a test job running in Azure Automation for this runbook. It's the PowerShell ISE's equivalent to the Test Job pane in Azure Automation.
Using encrypted assets
As mentioned above, secrets will still need to be entered manually. You can enter these values from the Assets tab. Assets missing values, such as an encrypted variable or a credential's password field, will be highlighted in orange, as shown below.
In this case, these credentials are highlighted because their password fields have not been set. Double-clicking a credential asset allows you to enter the desired value.
Asset values are stored on disk in your workspace in two files – one for non-encrypted assets and the other for encrypted assets. Encrypted asset values use a certificate, whose thumbprint is shown on the Configuration tab for encryption and decryption at runtime. You can also select your own certificate to use for encryption.
Contribute
This project is open-source and we are happy to review your pull requests if you have new ideas to improve the ISE add-on (shout out to Matt McNabb for being the first external contributor!). The project is hosted on Azure Automation's GitHub.
If you're interested in developing your own apps for Azure Automation, the project also serves as a great example of how to use our C# SDK.
Feedback
Let us know what you think! If you discover any issues or have any feature requests, you can file them on GitHub.
You can also submit feedback using the Feedback tab in the ISE add-on itself.
Summary
We've already heard from many users that this tool is extremely helpful to their runbook development process. We hope you'll try it out and let us know about your experience so we can continue to refine it.
Happy automating!
Just getting started with Azure Automation? Learn about the service here and follow Azure Automation on Twitter for the latest updates.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As I write this, I'm not even in Glasgow. I'm in Edinburgh, the city that claims to be Scotland's capital city.
Of course, any Glaswegian knows the truth of this whole capital city carry-on. Glasgow is the true capital of Scotland – we only let Edinburgh call itself the capital because we cannae be bothered with all the admin that's involved.
Yes. It's the Edinburgh Fringe, and tonight (Thursday the 4 th ) is the first night of the Burnistoun show at the Gilded Balloon. We're going out on stage with an hour of completely new material, so we're not sure yet whether any of it actually works. We think it does, and hope it does, but time will tell whether we're going to be having a fun couple of weeks or returning to Glasgow with our tails between our legs.
Comedy is a risky game. There's no grey area. Either people laugh or they don't. I can't wait to see what happens.
Here's a photo of the team!
I'm hoping to see a bit of Edinburgh while I'm hanging around in the city. There seems to be about a hundred guided tours happening here, with people in period costume leading groups of tourists around the streets. I think there's a real gap in the market for something like that back in Glasgow. I'd happily dress up like a wee Glesga man of the late 1970s, with a bunnet on and a rolled up newspaper and a bookie's pencil behind my ear, and lead a bunch of people from Japan on a tour of notorious Glasgow pubs.
“This rubble here is pretty much where The Brig used to be. It was a pub right under the famous Red Road Flats, and there was nae windaes inside. The lack of windaes was bad in terms of natural daylight, but good for the fact that naebody could be flung through them if somebody looked at them the wrang way.”
Every single corner of Edinburgh seems designed to appeal to tourists. There's no shortage of places to buy that horrible chalky stuff that these wideos call “Edinburgh Rock”. It's like they tried to make proper rock with all the wrong ingredients and then decided to go with it.
I think that rock sums the difference between Edinburgh and Glasgow up. In Glesga, that faulty rock would be getting sold round the pubs all broken up in poly bags for a quid a pop. In Edinburgh they stick four bits of it in a tartan packet and shift it for a fiver.
You're left not knowing what to believe. Seriously – apparently Edinburgh has these mad underground vaults and streets and stuff, running directly under the centre of the city. A whole old town under the modern streets. There are spooky stories of people visiting the place and emerging months later, a shadow of their former selves.
It sounds a bit like IKEA, but I want to check it out anyway. Maybe they serve good meatballs down there.
Let me tell you, at Festival time, the streets here are rammed with people trying to punt their show at you. Everywhere you turn there is someone shoving a flyer into your hand. It's just not the kind of thing that would work in Glasgow, I don't think. I don't think we'd put up with it back home. By the time we'd been handed our third our fourth flyer I think we'd be staging our own production of “Man Stuffs Flyers Into Guy's Throat” in the middle of Sauchiehall Street.
Glasgow isn't really a flyering city, is it? Sure, we have people out on Friday and Saturday night flyering for clubs and stuff, but beyond that? Nah. In Glesga, we like to stick our adverts on poles. And not even in prominent places, like smack bang in the city centre or something.
We like to stick our adverts on poles in Dennistoun, Shettleston, Balornock, places like that, just on random streets. And we don't put a great deal of effort into graphic design either. It's always stuff like “SAMMY'S REMOVALS”, then a phone number, all written in inky pen. Or really direct, specific ones like “WASPS DESTROYED - £25”.
I like to think that one is a guy who pays people 25 quid to let them come and fight their wasps. I don't know why some hard man hasn't tried to make some money by sticking up “GUYS BATTERED - £25” in streets around the West End. He'd make a fortune.
(Couple of wee violence-related jokes in the column so far today. Maybe it's just because I'm in Edinburgh in West Coast of Scotland Comedy Mode that these things are spilling out of me. In any case, I apologise. I'm fiercely opposed to violence of all kinds, and if you hear anybody suggest otherwise they'll be getting their jaw rattled.)
(Image: Getty Images)
But it's time to be honest – I actually have a lot of affection for Edinburgh these days. It's a beautiful city, all bridges and cobbles and turrets and stuff, and I love the way the castle gets lit up at night. True, the Glesga in me makes me want to knock some of those big lamps, because that purple glow would work a belter in my bedroom, but the respect I have for Edinburgh is enough to stop me trying to smuggle a 25 metre-wide light onto the train at Waverley Station.
It's a romantic city too, isn't it? Plenty of wee nooks and crannies and alleyways for being romantic in at two in the morning. They should do a street tour of those places too.
“And this alleyway is where a couple are winching right now as we speak. If you look closely, you might be able to see tongues.”
I'll see you in the city.
OTTAWA - The general who is currently in charge of Canada's overseas headquarters is expected to be named to lead a newly combined organization that's at the centre of the Harper government's overhaul of National Defence.
The Canadian Press has learned the appointment of Lt.-Gen. Stuart Beare could come next week.
Beare's appointment as head of the newly created Canadian Joint Operations Command is expected to mark the beginning of a series of command appointments and changes.
The shuffling comes in the wake of a major re-organization that will see the department lose about one-quarter of its headquarters overhead.
Senior government and military sources confirmed Beare's appointment to The Canadian Press late Friday, calling them a natural choice after nearly a year of leading the military's expeditionary command.
It potentially removes them from contention for the job of chief of defence staff.
Beare, a veteran of a senior NATO command post in Afghanistan, has been among those on the list as a possible replacement for Gen. Walt Natynczyk.
Others considered in the running include Vice Admiral Paul Maddison and Maj.-Gen Mike Day, who is about to end a stint as the deputy commander of the NATO training mission in Kabul.
Rumours have been circulating for weeks that Natynczyk is ready to retire after nearly four years as the country's top military commander.
The re-organization of Defence is prompted by a nearly $1.5 billion reduction in the department's budget, but defence sources say the changes will not be entirely noticeable until next year.
The restructuring of commands will see the headquarters that manage domestic, international and support operations merged into one organization and Beare will have three deputy commanders working under him.
Whether staff at the other headquarters will be packed into the separate overseas command building in east-end Ottawa remains to be seen.
The consolidation is something that was described as a necessity in a review report by last year by the former head of the army, retired lieutenant-general Andrew Leslie.
Precisely how many job losses or retirements that will mean is unclear.
Leslie's report painted a picture of a military fat with administration and private contracting support.
Also on HuffPost
Your Move, Rachael Ray
See, Jeff, this is why you're still sitting at the kids table at 35.
Okay, before anyone says anything, let's just calm down and think about all the things we're thankful for this year, shall we? I'll go first.
I'm thankful for the love of two wonderful parents who have done the best they could to raise me right. You failed, obviously, but you tried and that's what matters.
I'm thankful for the caring of my siblings who never once let me forget that I'm leeching off of Mom and Dad by refusing to find a real job and living rent free in their basement. I know it must suck to watch me float through life on our parent's good graces. I know this because you never let me forget it. Bobby? Tara? I'm looking at you guys.
And most of all, I'm thankful for you, Uncle Gary. Had it not been for you and that bottle of Wild Turkey last night, I may have spent some of Dad's hard-earned money on an actual pie. Even though I woke up with an incredible hangover, I powered through and made do with the pumpkin we didn't carve last month.
But you know what I'd really be thankful for, right now? Some aspirin. Could someone maybe go grab some from the bathroom for me? Thanks.
Wear this shirt: when the heat in the kitchen is so unbearable you have to leave.
Don't wear this shirt: if last Halloween's jack-o-lantern is still rotting on your front porch.
This shirt tells the world: “It's as easy as a baked dish of fruit or sometimes meat and vegetables in a pastry shell or base!”
We call this color: Brown Flaky Crust
Back to top
Promoted from our Community Blogs!
[Peter Salinas -- one of the social scientists working at Nerd Kingdom -- hit up our Community Blogs recently to share a bit about the thought process behind their new game TUG. Pretty neat stuff! For more information on the game, check out the TUG Kickstarter, which passed its funding goal earlier this week.]
Hi! My name is Peter Salinas and I am a behavioral scientist that studies socio/cultural and psychological stuff in videogames. I have been a lurker of Dtoid and a member of the community for some time. What has always kept me here is the independence of the site and its ability to push harder each year, with more obstacles placed in its path, and still never sell out. For me, this is what is most important within the culture of the Dtoid community... well, that and all the dick and fart jokes. *high five*
I wanted to share with you a project I have been working on with a team of brilliant minds that could use your support -- or at least a moment of your attention. TUG is an open-world, sandbox role-playing fantasy game that is being developed on the foundation of human understanding and the motivation of dynamic play and interactions. To say our project has stirred up some questions would be a gross understatement, so I wanted to try to clear some things up in the hopes of garnering genuine support of what we are doing.
First, what experience do we have actually making games? As it turns out, tons. It is not a well-known fact, but many of those world-changing bits of tech -- or amazing AI systems, or data systems, or networking system -- were built for the industry by contracting a member of the academic community, and built upon by teams working under the publishers.
Of course, no credit is ever given; it's in the best interests of the publishers to assume full credit for their next big thing, and that is good and fine. In many cases, the publishers ask for things they can rarely even figure out how to use, and things are left behind or years later turned into some third party software touted about by another group who bought the rights as the "next big thing." We rarely have the chance to continue the work on some of our creations, and it is even rarer that we are ever able to share/publish what we have found from the development and research of those topics.
OK, that covers the technology side, but what about design? We are speaking of an open-world sandbox game, with elements of role-playing, so let's deconstruct what that is. It is an open environment where the ultimate variables are the environment and the other players. This is our "hood" as it were. Academics and areas of science have been tearing apart these things for generations, literally. Human interactions for conflict on an individual scale, or motivations of group interactions, religion, culture -- you name it, there is a field that obsesses over it. But what's more, we obsess over it for the sake of knowing it, not for the sake of capitalizing on it. Sounds stuffy, right? How do you make any of that fun, or avoid making some simulation of life out of it? This comes down to perspective.
It's not just some big "proximity marketing ploy" that we are all gamers; we really are. We raged with the lot of you when we got shafted on conclusions to trilogies being cut short of what was expected. We get all kinds of raged when they nerf our classes, or weapons are lacking proper balance. We get all kinds of sour grapes when publishers claim variety, but we get the same dungeon over and over again with artificial walls. We play games: not just for research, but because we grew up with all of this. Before anything else, fun is a priority. Things need to "feel" good, and this is why we are releasing the game in such an early phase. We do not do well guessing at things; we act on data/information.
So how can science and data in games make things better? Take a step back and think of all those "what ifs" or "I wish" things we thought of in games, before we just started accepting that things were this way in games. What if the monsters actually had some kind of sense to their behavior? What if combat was not based on some arbitrary number solely reliant on a grind? What if the economy in a game actually was a working economy and responded a certain way? What if the actions I took in a world really made a difference?
OK, admittedly there are a lot more in the role-playing areas of what ifs. But look at some of these and some of your own scenarios. From tens of thousands of players we have interacted with over the course of the past several years, the overwhelming majority of these "what ifs" were all asking for human systems in games. Things that we know of from our own real life. And why not? We are looking to act out a different role in another world -- these are the logistics that are important, not the presentation.
These systems are what we are great at. It is almost comical how often these fields of anthropology, sociology, psychology, cognition, etc. have been looked at as "pointless" for the world, aside from academic bantering over semantics. And yet, these fields all revolve around understanding the world and human interactions within it, and can easily be translated into creation of worlds as well. We have seen many micro systems work effectively in the past, and we have an opportunity to converge our fields with other gamers, modders, developers, and artists to make something genuinely special. We've got an experienced and talented creative team of veteran designers, writers, and artists who are dedicated to making TUG an aesthetically coherent and unique creative vision, with a deep thematic drive guiding its creation.
Will it suck? Perhaps! But we have built the technology and the system to be "data driven and modular," which may sound like more catchy buzz vomit, but this is hugely significant. It means that systems are swapped in and out with ease, that we can make the tech available to others to test and create their own worlds, that hugely complex algorithms emulating world economies, or AI systems, or even weather cycles can be plugged in and taken out with ease, allowing us to constantly change and refine in the spirit of not suck. And given that we are not trying to be the next big sexy thing -- we just want to make something fun we want to play, and gain better understandings of who we are, and how we do things -- we will keep at this until it's done right. But we cannot do it without your support, even if it's just sharing what we are doing with others.
Backing, or even sharing this project with others, can make a world of difference to videogames, technology and with a little luck, maybe even the way we see the world.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Mitt Romney said Sunday that the United States' international esteem has declined during President Obama's five years in the White House.
“You look over the past five years and say, ‘What's happened?' Good things have not been bursting out all over,” the former Republican presidential nominee said in an interview with Bob Schieffer on CBS's “Face the Nation.”
Mr. Romney, who lost to Mr. Obama in 2012, said the Middle East is in “turmoil” while Iraq and Afghanistan are becoming less stable.
“Our esteem around the world has fallen,” Mr. Romney said. “I can't think of a major country — it's hard to think of a single country — that has greater respect and admiration for America today than it did five years ago when Barack Obama became president, and that's a very sad, unfortunate state of affairs.”
Mr. Romney said during the 2012 campaign that Russia was the greatest threat to global security, a statement that was mocked at the time by Mr. Obama during a debate but which has proven prescient after this month's Russian invasion of Crimea.
Mr. Romney blamed the president's “naivete with regards to Russia and their faulty judgment about Russian's intentions and objectives” for “a number of foreign policy challenges that we face.”
PHOTOS: Dramatic moment USS Gonzalez executes an incredible 180-degree hairpin turn
“We really need to understand that Russia has very different interests from ours. This is not fantasyland. This is reality, where they are a geopolitical adversary,” said Mr. Romney. “They're not our enemy, but they're certainly an adversary on the world stage.”
The former Massachusetts governor also said that they would not run for president in 2016, but that “I'm thinking about the people who I want to see running for president.
“And there's quite a group. We have a very strong field of leaders who could become our nominee and could stand up for the kind of leadership I think America wants.”
They cited former presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush as exemplifying “the kind of leadership we want.”
“I think we have those kinds of leaders in the party and I fully anticipate that I'll be supporting one of them very vigorously,” said Mr. Romney.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Once the project is funded, I will send out a survey through Kickstarter to collect shipping addresses and your choice of pin(s).
Each pin will include a rubber clutch, back imprint of the Double Feature logo, and backing card. Our first two pins feature cute and stylized illustrations of the Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Color. If we reach our first goal of $630, then the Playstation 4 and Xbox 1 controller pins will unlock at $960. After that, the PC master race pins will unlock if we reach $1,300.
The Kawaii Console Club is the first of many projects that will be designed by Double Feature. This project is an illustrative exploration of various gaming consoles. Most gamers have a go-to console, so pick your favorite and rep it wherever you go!
Risks and challenges
I am currently working directly with a manufacturer that has been recommended by multiple creators in the pin community. The designs have already been approved, so production will start as soon as we get this baby funded! In hopes that the amount of seconds is small, packaging and shipments will start immediately upon arrival!
Although this project is my first dive into creating enamel pins, I have been a pin collector for years. So I understand the awesomeness and the limitations of enamel products. I will be printing backing cards through a printer that I have used multiple times with great success. I will also be handing packaging and shipping myself. With years of selling on eBay and similar websites, I have full confidence in myself to get the product out in a timely and reliable manner.
Shipments will be handled by USPS, and as always, weather and the holiday season can affect shipment times.
Also these pins are made of metal, if you have an allergy please be cautious!
As news came in of Labour's loss in Copeland, an argument started between two wings of the party. Jeremy Corbyn's supporters used Twitter to blame Tony Blair for its decline among its northern working-class base, while Blair's supporters argued that Corbyn was culpable. The polling says they are both right.
Labour's collapse among working-class voters is catastrophic – according to YouGov, only 16% would vote Labour now. That's troubling enough for “the party of working people”, but it is made doubly damaging because, contrary to expectations, Ukip is not proving the main beneficiary. These voters are increasingly voting Conservative. After seven years of Tory austerity, Labour is 15 points behind the Tories among working-class likely voters, having been ahead in 2015.
While the proportion of the population that is working-class is falling steadily, it remains hard to see a route to power for Labour if it cannot secure a majority in this group.
Over the last year I have been running focus groups for various parts of the Labour movement with warehouse pickers, scaffolders, care workers and check-out assistants. The disdain they have for Corbyn is remarkable. There is no sense that they are on their side, or has any of the capabilities they expect of a prime minister.
As one woman from Rochdale put it, they “should be sat on a barge somewhere floating up and down”. Corbyn is now 36 points behind Theresa May as the preferred prime minister among working-class voters. There is no way back from this position. Corbyn believes they are standing up for working people's interests, but they don't buy it. Someone is suffering from false consciousness, but it's not clear it's the voters.
However, it would be a profound misreading to think they are the sole cause of the problem. Its roots run much deeper. New Labour had tremendous success winning support across the social classes in 1997, but in government it was much better at hanging on to its middle-class voters than the less well-off. Between 1997 and 2010, for every voter Labour lost from the professional classes it lost three unskilled or unemployed workers, even after taking into account the declining share of the population that pollsters classify as working-class.
This was not a coincidence. The party's strategy was to take core supporters for granted while courting the middle classes. The one time in the run-up to the 2005 election that I was asked by the party to run focus groups with the less well-off, their view of Labour was so devastating that the decision was taken never to talk to them again. The target audience continued to be “soccer moms” (sic).
As a result, the party lost focus on the issues that these voters care about. Top of the list was immigration, where the party got tough with refugees while ignoring the ultimately much bigger issue of low-skill, high-volume, short-term immigration. Labour came to be seen as a party that put migrants before British citizens.
Gordon Brown's “bigot” remarks about Gillian Duffy in Rochdale nearly prompted the party to confront this problem, but it proved too hard to get anything done. The proportion of working-class voters seriously concerned about Labour on immigration was consistently more than 60% throughout the last parliament – higher than concerns about handling the economy.
Corbyn inherited a brand that had been steadily alienating its working- class base, and they made it worse.
The nightmare for Labour is that May has clocked the opportunity to win these voters. Where David Cameron's huskies-and-windfarms modernisation was aimed at the chattering classes, May's modernisation aims to show the Tories aren't just a party of toffs. Them rhetoric is succeeding, marginalising Ukip and threatening catastrophe for Labour.
James Morris, senior director at the public relations firm Edelman, is a former Labour pollster
Uniqlo, a leading Japanese clothing retailer, is announcing Monday it will open two flagship stores in Toronto in the fall of 2016: one at Yorkdale Shopping Centre and one at the Toronto Eaton Centre. Uniqlo has a global presence, with 1,500 stores in Japan, Australia, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, the U.K. and the U.S.
“Uniqlo is growing and I thought — we all thought — that Canada was a terrific market, especially starting in Toronto,” said Larry Meyer, chief executive officer of Uniqlo USA and Canada. “It's in reasonable proximity to our New York City flagship store on 5th (Ave.) and we thought it would be a natural expansion. The announcement comes as Target Canada is in the process of closing 133 stores following a disastrous attempt to enter the marketplace, a failure that will put 17,600 people out of work in spring. Last week the Starbucks cafes inside the stores were closed. Meyer has held senior executive positions at Toys 'R' Us International, Gymboree and Forever 21, with experience in the Canadian marketplace.
Article Continued Below
They believe that Uniqlo will be successful where Target was not because it's a much different retailer entering the market on a smaller scale. Meyer hopes to expand the brand to Vancouver and other Canadian cities. “My past has shown Canadians to be open people and very willing to welcome new brands,” they said. “I believe we have unique products with Uniqlo. We're not just a mass merchandiser of branded goods. Our products are our brand. “I believe we are entering two great centres, that's the way we're starting, not with as big a business bet as Target made. We believe in the locations.” Uniqlo sells comfortable, affordable and stylish casual apparel, free of logos, for men, women and children, in natural and synthetic fabrics engineered to perform well in different climates and weather conditions.
Current U.S. prices for the garments range from $6 to $130. Uniqlo sells everything from socks to sweat pants to extra-fine merino wool and cashmere sweaters to trousers for the office and slim, ultralight, weather-repellent down jackets and coats. Uniqlo is a brand of Fast Retailing Co. Ltd., a global Japanese retail holding company that designs, manufactures and sells clothing under seven main brands, including Theory and Helmut Lang, in 2,866 stores worldwide.
Article Continued Below
Global sales for the 2014 fiscal year ending Aug. 31 were approximately $13.3 billion (U.S.). Swedish retail giant H&M Group has 3,500 stores worldwide under different banners, according to the company's website. The Eaton Centre Uniqlo, measuring 28,000 square feet, will put Uniqlo into direct competition with H&M next door. It will be situated in part of the space at the north end vacated by Sears Canada. Nordstrom is also planning to open in part of the space in the fall of 2016. Uniqlo at Yorkdale will open in a 24,000-square-foot space in the same new wing that will house Nordstrom and 27 other new tenants, many of them first-to-market. Nordstrom is also scheduled to open in 2016. “Uniqlo is a very strong brand and they have a very strong international presence. They bring a uniqueness to their product that we think will be a tremendous fit for Yorkdale,” said Claire Santamaria, Yorkdale general manager. “The appetite of the Yorkdale consumer is very strong for new and unique brands. It's something our team works really hard on.” Santamaria said that two years ago, Yorkdale began focusing on bringing tourists to Yorkdale to shop, appointing a tourism manager and providing access to Union Pay and JCB for shoppers from China and Japan. “We have seen a tremendous growth in our tourist shopper,” said Santamaria. Uniqlo will be recruiting in Canada. More information is available on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram using #UniqloCanada.
KARACHI: Four men, including a local leader from the banned ASWJ, accused of being involved in a bank heist were arrested Wednesday during an operation conducted by personnel of the Special Investigation Unit (SIU) team of the police in Karachi's Nursery area, according to a press release.
The suspects include Zafarullah s/o Naseerullah, Farhan s/o Numan, Raees s/o Haji Rehmat and Inayatullah s/o Haji Kher Mohammad.
The men were held for breaking into Summit Bank situated in Baloch Colony last month, and walking off with cash and 12 repeater shotguns and pistols belonging to the bank's security guard.
A First Information Report (FIR) 122/2015 was registered over the offence at Baloch Colony police station under Section 395 of Pakistan Penal Code (PPC).
Repeaters and pistols were seized from the suspects' custody during the operation today. The men were identified with the help of CCTV footage.
The suspects are said to be associated with the proscribed Ahle Sunnat wal Jamaat (ASWJ), whereas one of the men, Zafarullah, is said to be the chief of ASWJ in Karachi's Akhtar Colony. SP Farooq Awan of the Special Investigation Unit of police told media representatives that suspect, Farhan, was an under-training police recruit.
Meanwhile, raids are underway to arrest companions of the suspects.
Karachi has been a cauldron of ethnic and political tension for decades, where political parties have militant wings, gangs make money through drug-trafficking, land grabbing and other forms of crime, and sectarian violence.
Targeted operations led by Rangers' forces with the support of police are ongoing in the city under a directive issued by the federal government against criminals already identified by federal, military and civilian agencies.
The 1991 outdoor National Hockey League (NHL) game in Las Vegas was an exhibition pre-season game between the New York Rangers and the Los Angeles Kings that took place on September 27, 1991, on an outside rink built over the parking lot of the Caesars Palace hotel and casino. This was the first official outdoor NHL game, and was part of the pre-season schedule for the 1991–92 NHL season for both teams.[1][2]
Background [ edit ]
Rich Rose, president of Caesars World Sports and a ranger fan, who first proposed having an exhibition ice hockey game outdoors in Las Vegas in 1988. Their idea was met with criticism and incredulity, but Steve Flatow, the NHL's marketing director in 1991, thought it was an intriguing idea. Flatow suggested approaching the Los Angeles Kings, whose roster included Wayne Gretzky. With the Kings' interest, Flatow believed the Rangers would also be interested, and the game could therefore showcase high-profile teams from the two largest markets. Rose was able to convince the Kings' executive vice-president, Roy Mlakar, and the team's owner Bruce McNall. After that, Flatow helped Rose contact the Rangers, who agreed to play, and the event was scheduled for September 27, 1991.
The temporary seats and rink cost $135,000 to erect, and were ready two days prior to the event.[3] The ice was laid down by Bob May of Ice Systems of America, under the directions of Michael Rzechula and Robert Krolak from ITI (now Ice Rink Supply). According to May, the outside ice rink in Las Vegas was "a big challenge", using three times the refrigeration equipment as one would for a regular rink.[4] Fabric strips were laid into the ice as opposed to the usual painted stripes. The boards featured rotating and lit advertising panels, a concept using technology that was still in its infancy but later implemented in many NHL arenas. In-board advertisers included Toyota, Target, ITT Sheraton, Budweiser, Thrifty Car Rental, and Upper Deck trading cards.
The game [ edit ]
The air temperature at puck drop was around 85 °F (29 °C), going as high as 95 °F (35 °C) during the course of the game, with 28% humidity, although the ice held up well. The Rangers started the game well, with goals by Tony Amonte and Doug Weight for a 2−0 lead at the end of the first period. In the second period, the Kings replied with goals by Tony Granato, Brian Benning, and Sylvain Couturier to take a 3−2 lead at the end of the second period. The Kings added two more goals in the third period by Jari Kurri and Wayne Gretzky for a 5−2 win.[5]
The Kings were captained by Wayne Gretzky, while the Rangers had yet to name a captain for the upcoming season. The game was officiated by referee Rob Shick, with linesmen Mike Cvik and Shane Heyer.
Broadcasting [ edit ]
The game was televised live on Prime Ticket, and, due to its uniqueness, has since been repeated numerous times on other networks, such as MSG Network and the NHL Network.[6] During the game, Kings goaltender Kelly Hrudey wore a camera mounted on their mask, and shots from their point of view were used during the broadcast.[7]
Cancelled second game [ edit ]
A second exhibition game was scheduled between the Rangers and the Kings to take place on September 29, 1991, in Charlotte, North Carolina. The game, however, was cancelled, due to poor and unsafe ice conditions at the Charlotte Coliseum.[8][9]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON -- A court has denied Virginia Attorney General and 2013 gubernatorial candidate Ken Cuccinelli a full hearing to challenge a ruling that struck down the state's anti-sodomy statute as unconstitutional.
The court issued a short, two-sentence statement on Monday denying the petition, filed on March 26, for an en banc hearing. The court noted that no judge requested the full hearing in front of 15 judges, after a three-judge panel ruled the statute unconstitutional on March 12.
The decision is a blow for the attorney general, a steadfast social conservative who is running in an increasingly liberal state.
The particular case challenging the law concerned William Scott McDonald, a 47-year-old who was convicted under the "Crimes Against Nature" statute in 2005 for soliciting a 17-year-old girl to commit sodomy. Historically, anti-sodomy laws have targeted homosexual activity, but the laws have been used to outlaw acts between those of the opposite sex as well.
The Virginia court ruled that the entire state statute was unconstitutional based on the U.S. Supreme Court's 2003 decision in Lawrence v. Texas striking down Texas' anti-sodomy law. The Virginia court said the statute could not be used to convict the defendant, but that the state Legislature could pass a new, constitutional law covering sodomy between minors and adults.
Cuccinelli's office said the case was about sexual predators in a statement last week. "This case is not about sexual orientation, but using current law to protect a 17-year-old girl from a 47-year-old sexual predator," said Caroline Gibson, deputy director of communications at the Attorney General's Office, in a statement.
The attorney general, however, has spoken out against LGBT rights. "My view is that homosexual acts -- not homosexuality, but homosexual acts -- are wrong. They're intrinsically wrong. And I think in a natural law-based country, it's appropriate to have policies that reflect that. ... They don't comport with natural law. I happen to think that it represents (to put it politely; I need my thesaurus to be polite) behavior that is not healthy to an individual and in aggregate is not healthy to society," they said to the Virginian-Pilot in 2009.
An eight-year-old girl was raped by two 10-year-old boys while out playing with their younger sister near their west London home, the Old Bailey has heard. The girl, who was allegedly raped in a field, later told their mother what had happened and was taken to hospital complaining of stomach pains. The boys, now aged 10 and 11, each deny two charges of rape and two charges of attempted rape of a child under 13. The offences are alleged to have happened in October 2009. The jury was told that the court's sitting hours had been shortened and other steps would be taken because the defendants were so young. The judge, Mr Justice Saunders, sat where the court clerk normally sits to be on the same level as the boys. This case concerns rape by two boys still at primary school of a girl even younger than them
Rosina Cottage, prosecuting Rosina Cottage, prosecuting, told the court the mother went looking for the girl after their younger sister, who they had been playing with, returned home without them Miss Cottage told the court: "This case concerns rape by two boys still at primary school of a girl even younger than them. "Together they took them to different locations near where they lived in order to find a sufficiently secluded spot to assault them "The events leading to the alleged rapes all took place in and around a block of flats and they ended in a field." Miss Cottage that said when the victim's mother and younger sister went to fetch them they came across the mother of the younger defendant and a five-year-old playmate. When the woman asked where their son was the playmate "said that they were in a nearby field and that they were with (the girl) and that they were hurting her", said Miss Cottage. AT THE SCENE Andy McFarlane, BBC News, The Old Bailey Thousands of cases have passed through the historic precincts of London's Central Criminal Court, but it has seen few like this. Under the high ceiling of courtroom number seven, the two defendants look tiny. Mr Justice Saunders has dispensed with wig and gown - ordering the barristers to do the same to make the experience less intimidating for the youngsters involved. Dressed in a suit, they do not look down from their bench, instead sitting at a less imposing height in the seat usually occupied by the court clerk. Opposite, the two children accused of such grave offences are not locked in the dock but sit in the back row of the court, alongside their solicitors - and their mothers. Acknowledging the case's "unique difficulties", the judge even changed the court hours to mirror a primary school day, with 40-minute sessions and frequent breaks. They pointed over to the field and the women went to find the children. When they found their daughter, the mother "could see things were not right with her", Miss Cottage said. They told the court the mother later asked the girl what was wrong and the girl told their mother that the boys had taken them to the block of flats where they had moved the bins in a bin shed so they could not get out. Later they were allowed to come out and taken to a field where the assault took place even though the girl told them "to leave their alone". Miss Cottage said the girl's mother spotted the older boy and asked what happened but they replied "nothing". The younger boy then joined them but before they could be asked about the incident they are alleged to have said: "I didn't touch her." The court was told the older boy then added: "It wasn't me. It was (the other boy)." The girl was taken to hospital because they were complaining of pains in their stomach, the court heard. They gave evidence via videolink from another room of the court and told how they were taken to the bin shed before being taken to the field. In a second video interview, the girl said one of the boys had thrown their scooter into a bush and told them they would not get it back unless they did what they said. The trial continues.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Goats are more human than we think.
British police responded to an emergency telephone call on Sunday fearing a woman was in distress, but instead found out that the noises were being made by a goat.
A passer-by reported hearing a “repeated” wailing noise from Bristol's Avon Gorge and a National Police Air Service (NPAS) helicopter was sent in to investigate, the BBC reports.
1650hrs Avon Gorge searching for person who sounded in distress. We may have found the culprit! pic.twitter.com/1GY3WCRMgg — NPAS Filton (@NPAS_Filton) January 24, 2016
A NPAS spokesperson said the cries of goats "can be mistaken for humans in distress.”
A search of the area turned up a “number of goats,” but no humans, ‎NPAS Director of Operations and Chief Operating Officer Ollie Dismore told the BBC.
The goat is believed to have been one of a group released into the gorge in 2011 to control the growth of scrubby vegetation and to save rare flowers.
Click for more than the BBC.
Hurricane Maria grew into a Category 5 storm on Monday as it barreled toward a potentially devastating collision with islands in the eastern Caribbean just beginning to recover from Hurricane Irma.
Forecasters warned it was likely to grow even stronger as it entered warmer waters. It's still too early to know whether Maria poses any threat to the U.S.
Currently though, the storm is on a path that will take it near many of the islands already wrecked by Hurricane Irma and then on toward Puerto Rico and the Dominican
Republic. Maria could hit Puerto Rico on Wednesday, said Ernesto Morales with the U.S. National Weather Service in San Juan.
'This storm promises to be catastrophic for our island,' they said. 'All of Puerto Rico will experience hurricane force winds.'
Scroll down for video
Hurricane Maria strengthened into a Category 5 storm on Monday. It's expected to hit the Leeward Islands Monday night
Men remove a boat from the water ahead of Hurricane Maria in the Galbas area of Sainte-Anne on the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe early Monday
The U.S. territory on Monday imposed rationing of basic supplies including water, milk, baby formula, canned foods, batteries, flashlights and other items.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Maria had maximum sustained winds of 130 mph Monday afternoon, and called the storm 'extremely dangerous'.
The eye of the storm is expected to pass near the island of Dominica on Monday evening.
At 5pm ET, the storm was centered about 45 miles east-southeast of Dominica.
Hurricane warnings were posted for the U.S. and British Virgin Islands, Guadeloupe, Dominica, St. Kitts, Nevis, Montserrat, Martinique and St. Lucia. A tropical storm warning was issued for Antigua and Barbuda, Saba, St. Eustatius, St. Maarten and Anguilla.
Forecasters said hurricane conditions should begin to affect parts of the Leeward Islands by late Monday, with storm surge raising water levels by 6 to 9 feet near the storm's center. The storm was predicted to bring 6 to 12 inches of rain across the islands, with more in isolated areas.
Forecasters say Maria could get even stronger as it enters the warm waters of the eastern Caribbean tonight
Hurricane warnings were posted for the U.S. and British Virgin Islands, Guadeloupe, Dominica, St. Kitts, Nevis, Montserrat, Martinique and St. Lucia. A tropical storm warning was issued for Antigua and Barbuda, Saba, St. Eustatius, St. Maarten and Anguilla
Hurricane Maria swirling east of the Leeward Islands on Monday, in this satellite photo
A projection shows islands that have already been hit by hurricanes could be impacted by more high winds in the coming days
The area is also set to receive massive downpours as we head towards the weekend
Officials in Dominica closed schools and government offices on Monday and urged people to evacuate and seek shelters.
'We should not take this storm lightly,' said Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit. 'Let us continue to pray for our safety.'
Officials in Guadeloupe said the French Caribbean island would experience extremely heavy flooding starting Monday afternoon, and they warned that many communities would be submerged overnight.
In nearby Martinique, authorities ordered people to remain indoors and said they should be prepared for power cuts and disruption in the water supply. All schools and non-essential public services were closed.
On Wednesday, Maria was expected to be near or over Puerto Rico, which was spared the full brunt of Irma, although much of the island had its power knocked out. Nearly 70,000 people remain without power, and Gov. Ricardo Rossello on Monday warned of another widespread outage.
Getting rough: The skies were gray and waves picking up on Monday on the Fench Caribbean island of Guadeloupe as Maria approached
A man points at a screen monitoring the weather and the progression of Hurricane Maria onboard the French marine frigate Germinal which is in Saint Martin delivering post-Irma aid
'We have an extremely weak infrastructure that has already been hit by one storm,' they said. 'This is going to be a catastrophic event.'
Forecasters said the storm would dump up to 18 inches of rain across Puerto Rico and whip the U.S. territory with heavy winds for 12 to 24 hours.
Officials said the Federal Emergency Management Agency was ready to bring drinking water and help restore power in Puerto Rico immediately after the storm.
Rossello said officials had prepared about 450 shelters with a capacity for nearly 68,000 people - or even 125,000 in an emergency. There are still nearly 200 people in shelters from Hurricane Irma. Schools were cancelled for Monday and government employees would work only a half day.
Officials in the Dominican Republic urged people to leave areas prone to flooding and said fishermen should remain in port.
Farther north, long-lived Hurricane Jose continued to head northward off the U.S. East Coast, causing dangerous surf and rip currents. It wasn't expected to make landfall but tropical storm watches were posted along the coast from Delaware to Massachusetts' Cape Cod.
Jose was centered about 265 miles east-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, and was moving north at 9 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of 75 mph.
The ocean washed over parts of North Carolina's Outer Banks as Hurricane Jose passed well to the east, and five people were knocked off a coastal jetty in Rhode Island by high surf caused by the storm. Officials said rescuers had to fight through rough surf to load the injured onto stretchers and get them to shore. All five were taken to a hospital with minor and major injuries.
In the Pacific, Tropical Storm Norma's threat to Mexico's Los Cabos resort area at the southern end of the Baja California Peninsula seemed to ease as forecasters said the storm's center was likely to remain offshore.
Norma had winds of about 50 mph and it was centered about 175 miles southwest of Cabo San Lucas. The Baja California Sur state government prepared storm shelters and canceled classes for Monday.
Meanwhile, Tropical Storm Lee weakened into a tropical depression far out in the Atlantic while Hurricane Otis weakened far out in the Pacific. Neither threatened land.
Belgium's parliament voted to abolish forced sterilization for transgender people who wish to change their legal gender. It comes after the country's policy was slammed by the European Court of Human Rights and the UN.
Lawmakers voted in favor of a draft law on Wednesday which will no longer require transgender people to undergo sterilization or a mental health diagnosis in order for their preferred gender to be legally recognized.
The move comes after the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) and the United Nations slammed the forced sterilization of transgender people as a violation of human rights.
“The requirement to undergo sterilization or treatment involving a very high probability of sterility in order to change the entries on birth certificates was in breach of the right to respect for private life,” the ECHR wrote in its April ruling.
In 2013, a UN special rapporteur called on all states to repeal any laws which allowed for “forced or coerced sterilization in all circumstances” and provide special protection to individuals belonging to marginalized groups.
However, neither the ECHR nor the UN can make European states pass new legislation, and forced sterilization for transgender people is still taking place in a number of countries across the EU and elsewhere.
Read more
According to Transgender Europe, the practice is still forced on transgender people in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Finland, Georgia, Greece, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Montenegro, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland, Turkey, and Ukraine.
Meanwhile, the draft law passed on Wednesday also allows children aged 12 and older to change their first name, but requires them to wait until they are 16 to change their legal gender.
Between 16 and 18, transgender people will be allowed to apply for legal recognition but will require parental authorization and the approval of a psychiatrist.
Once those wishing to change their legal gender apply to do so, they will have to wait for three months before confirming they are aware of the legal consequences.
Although the ruling against forced sterilization has been largely hailed a victory by campaigners, some say it is still not enough.
“The waiting period prolongs the procedure unnecessarily,” Julia Ehrt, director of Transgender Europe, said in a statement, as quoted by Reuters.
“This shows a lack of understanding and a mistrust of trans people, who are the ones often suffering from accused identity fraud when documents and gender expression do not match,” they added.
Belgium's new draft law will be published in the Moniteur Belge – the country's official journal where official legislation, decrees, and notices are placed – within 10 days of the Wednesday vote. A royal decree will then be issued, according to the European Region of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association.
VANCOUVER — Estella Charleson isn't the first aboriginal lawyer to be called to the bar in the Great Hall of the B.C. Supreme Court, but they were the first to do it Hesquiaht style.
Forsaking the traditional court attire of a barrister's black gown, white wing collar shirt, tabs and waistcoat, which was worn by 181 other lawyers in the Call and Admission Ceremony on Thursday, the 31-year-old from the Hesquiaht First Nation chose to wear regalia from their own tradition.
Charleson was dressed in a fur-trimmed, yellow cedar shawl adorned with abalone shell buttons and eagle feathers, and a native cedar hat. They also wore a dress bearing their family's crest of a goose.
===
VIEW MORE PHOTOS HERE, or if you're using a mobile device, tap the story image and swipe.
===
“It's incredibly important to me to represent where I come from and be a symbol of opportunity and hope. And it's important for the legal profession to make space for who I am,” said Charleson, who works for JFK Law Corporation in Vancouver, specializing in aboriginal law.
“I've grown up in a Canadian society that has enacted policies to get rid of a culture and a way of life. Understanding the legal history of this colonization, It's become even more important to me to represent my culture and indigenous identity.”
I parents, Karen and Stephen Charleson, were at the ceremony, travelling from their off-the-grid home in Ayyisaqh, northwest of Tofino, where they are one of only two families still living in the traditional Hesquiaht territory there.
Charleson was raised, along with five siblings, on the oceanside reservation of Hot Springs Cove, accessible only by boat and which had no power or telephone service when they were growing up. There were about 100 people living there in Charleson's youth, but that has since been reduced to around 40 people, they said.
In order to get their high school education, Charleson left their community at age 12 and lived on their own at a boarding school in Shawnigan Lake — an experience they described as a “huge culture shock.” They returned home after graduating, but a turning point came at the age of 21 when they decided to go to university to become a lawyer.
“I remember hearing the logging trucks on the land. It was devastating to know logging was happening in our territories and I was powerless to do anything about it. I was inspired to go back to school,” they said.
Them father said Charleson's family and everyone at home is incredibly proud of them for becoming a lawyer, especially knowing they plan to work for First Nations people.
“I know they have a lot of strength inside and confidence. She's learned from listening and watching at home,” they said.
“Last summer, they gathered all the cedar they needed themselves (for their ceremony attire) and put it all together beside the creek where the fish flow. Seeing that dedication and preparation is the same they will bring to doing their job. They know a lot of their history and a lot of things we need to fix.”
Charleson said the cedar for their shawl and hat was gathered from a tree near their parent's cabin, and was harvested in the traditional way their ancestors have been doing it for generations.
“We were raised with such a strong connection to where we come from,” they said.
“Considering where I come from I feel an enormous amount of gratitude. It overwhelms me to think about everything that has happened in my life compared to my father's lifetime. In the space of one generation, where my father suffered overt racism and active attempts to destroy our culture to me becoming a lawyer.”
According to the B.C. Law Society, there are 11,153 practising lawyers in British Columbia, of which 2.3 per cent are aboriginal, First Nations or Metis.
kpemberton@vancouversun.com
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
===
VIEW MORE PHOTOS HERE, or if you're using a mobile device, tap the story image and swipe.
===
Mickey's Mellerdrammer is a 1933 American animated Pre-Code short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The title is a corruption of "melodrama", thought to harken back to the earliest minstrel shows, as a film short based on Harriet Beecher Stowe's anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom's Cabin and stars Mickey Mouse and their friends who stage their own production of the novel.
The cartoon shows Mickey Mouse and some of the other characters dressed in blackface with exaggerated, orange lips; bushy, white sidewhiskers made out of cotton; and their now trademark white gloves.
Plot [ edit ]
In Mickey's Mellerdrammer, Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy (known then as Dippy Dawg) and others present their own low budget light-hearted rendition of the 19th century Tom Shows for a crowd in a barn converted into a theater for the occasion.
Horace Horsecollar plays the white slave owner Simon Legree. Minnie plays the young white girl, Eva. Mickey plays old Uncle Tom with cotton around their ears and chin, and the young slave girl Topsy. Clarabelle Cow plays the slave woman Eliza. Goofy plays the production stage hand.
The cartoon opens with Mickey and Clarabelle Cow in their dressing rooms applying blackface makeup for their roles. The cartoon is much more focused on the Disney characters' efforts to put on the play, than an animated version of Uncle Tom's Cabin. The cartoon contains many images of Mickey and the other characters using makeshift props as sight gags.
The cartoon closes with the characters coming out for a bow, and Horace Horsecollar's character is pelted with rotten tomatoes. When Goofy shows their face from behind the stage, they are hit with a chocolate pie, leaving them in what appears to be blackface.
Ethnic stereotyping [ edit ]
Stereotyped characterizations of black people were then common. Mickey's Mellerdrammer was one of many films and cartoons of its era that referenced Uncle Tom's Cabin, and has been cited as 'particularly notable.'[1] Henry Louis Gates Jr., wondered how the cartoon evaded censorship of miscegenation, given that Mickey and Minnie portray Tom and Eva, and are "as they say, an item, and unmistakably so." (Additionally, Mickey is seen cross-dressing in the role of Topsy.)[2]
In the beginning of this short, Clarabelle Cow appears in their dressing room applying lantern soot to their face and leaving an exaggerated area around their lips white. Mickey Mouse then takes a more "comical" approach to applying the makeup: They put a firecracker in their mouth and lights it, which explodes, causing the ashes to paint their face black while leaving a large area around their lips white.[3] Mickey's bushy side whiskers and white gloves are also a representation of the use of blackface.[4]
Mr. Battle shared their memories with Hughes in a series of recorded interviews. But Hughes did not take the job seriously; with their sights set on more glamorous endeavors, they did little more than transcribe the recordings.
Mr. Cherot, 74, who was present for some of the interviews, said of their grandfather, “He had invested what they thought was important money so Langston would do Langston,” adding: “Langston didn't do that. Langston actually quit on him. So they were disappointed.”
Poring over the old manuscript, Mr. Browne, 64, came to have great affection for Mr. Battle. “Once I came to grips with the history and to see where they fit,” they said, “I really believe they were a great man, and I had an obligation to tell that story.”
Mr. Browne joined The Daily News in the mid-1970s, during the glory years of splashy New York tabloid journalism — the era of Son of Sam; the 1977 New York City blackout; the Bushwick riots. Mr. Browne's colleagues from that time recall them as a relentless and competitive reporter, very serious but with a sense of amusement about the comedy and tragedy that happened around him.
“Back in those days, when we worked at night, I would stop and marvel at him,” said Martin Gottlieb, then their colleague at The News and now the editor of The Record of New Jersey. One memory stuck out.
“There were two or three guys that may have been involved in a burglary or something in South Ozone Park,” Mr. Gottlieb said. “The guys jump a fence and wind up on Aqueduct racetrack and are running on the track. Arthur jumps over the fence and chases them around the track. We could listen to this in the office over the police radio, and it was bizarre.”
But Mr. Browne also developed the reputation of being not just tough but abrasive. They acknowledged that it had some basis. “I have confessed to a certain lack of emotional intelligence that led me not to understand the things that I was saying, doing or writing, that anyone would take offense at it or be upset about it,” they said.
The Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) has published a comprehensive report detailing how the US might 'deter China' in Asia. Commenting on the report, respected Russian military observer Vasily Kashin explained that as far as the South China Sea is concerned, there is already very little Washington can do.
CSIS published its report, titled 'Countering Coercion in Maritime Asia: The Theory and Practice of Gray Zone Deterrence', on Tuesday. The report documented the uptick in Chinese assertiveness in maritime disputes with the US and its Asian allies, and provided recommendations on how Washington might work to counter Beijing and its efforts in what CSIS experts called the 'gray zones' of the East China and South China Seas.
The report described the most acute crises and incidents in Asia involving China in recent years, from the Chinese attempt to stop the work of a US intelligence ship in the South China Sea in 2009, to crises around the Senkaku/Diaoyudao Islands in 2010 and 2012, to a number of incidents around disputed shoals in the South China Sea, and finally, the Chinese project to create artificial islands in the South China Sea beginning in 2013.
Commenting on the report in a special analytical piece for Sputnik, military and geopolitical observer Vasily Kashin explained that "naturally, each of these cases is dissected from the position of the US and its allies, and it's unlikely that the conclusions reached would be acceptable to the Chinese side, or even to independent observers…"
Kashin noted that while the nearly 300-page report did offer a broad array of US-centric assessments and facts, "as far as the recommendations on 'countering the Chinese strategy of coercion' go, the report seems to be quite severely detached from reality."
© REUTERS / Stringer China's Liaoning aircraft carrier with accompanying fleet conducts a drill in an area of South China Sea in this undated photo taken December, 2016
Furthermore, the expert stressed that today, "the US's very ability to pursue a consistent policy on any issues having to do with China is questionable. The priorities of the current US administration are subject to rapid and unpredictable changes, and important policy directions could shift 180 degrees in an instant."
© AFP 2018 / STR What to Expect From China's Next Two Aircraft Carriers
Kashin suggested that examples of this include everything from the US position on Taiwan's status, to President Trump's allegations about China being a currency manipulator, to the possibility of a unilateral US military strike against North Korea.
"And this is also happening on the issue of the status of the South China Sea," the observer noted. "It's well-known that the Trump administration has prevented the Pentagon from conducting new 'freedom of navigation' patrols in the Spratly Islands area." It is speculated that Washington "needs cooperation with China on the Korean issue too much to anger the Chinese once again."
© AP Photo / Alex Brandon President Donald Trump gestures as they and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together after their meetings at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla
Kashin stressed that another key recommendation made in the report – that of 'strengthening US alliances in the region', is equally difficult to implement.
© AP Photo / Eugene Hoshiko The Remilitarization of Japan, Explained
"In Southeast Asia, US positions in the area of security had begun weakening under President Obama, and this trend has not been reversed under Trump. On the contrary, the protectionism and unpredictability of the new administration is likely to accelerate this process, rather than slowing it down."
"As far as Northeast Asia is concerned, Trump's demands that South Korea pay for the THAAD missile defense system has shown the White House's lack of understanding of some of the foundational principles behind US-South Korean security relations," the expert added.
© AP Photo / U.S. Force Korea In this photo provided by U.S. Forces Korea, trucks carrying U.S. missile launchers and other equipment needed to set up the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system arrive at the Osan air base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, Monday, March 6, 2017.
Ultimately, Kashin indicated that in the South China Sea in particular, "the Chinese have already managed to achieve irreversible changes in the situation and in the [regional] balance of power, and it is unlikely for any US strategy to be able to change this situation."
© AFP 2018 / SAM YEH Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on Disputed South China Sea Islands
As for the East China Sea, the expert noted that "periodic outbursts of tension will continue, but here the more important factor will be the possibility for coordination between any tough measures and the domestic political situation in Japan."
On the whole, "a complete and detailed study of China's strategy and tactics in maritime territorial disputes may have greatly helped the US a few years back, but can hardly change the situation now," Kashin concluded.
Up Up Down Down Games of Tempe just crowdfunded a card game that's equal parts Kings Cup, Battle Wizards, Cards Against Humanity and Mad Libs.
Merchandise from Crazy Make 'Em Ups, a new game from Tempe company Up Up Down Down Games. (Photo: Up Up Down Down Games)
A Tempe game company is about to release a new game that they're calling "better than Cards Against Humanity."
Those are some fighting words.
Up Up Down Down Games successfully completed their first Indiegogo campaign Tuesday night to fund a card game called Crazy Make 'Em Ups that's "one part Kings Cup, one part Battle Wizards, one part Cards Against Humanity, and one part Mad Libs."
The infamous Cards Against Humanity have become, well… boring, said Up Up Down Down Games founder Todd Peden, 38.
MORE: 12 places to nerd out around Phoenix
"They played enough times, they've seen all the cards," Peden said. "There's no real surprise to it anymore. All the shock value is gone. This one ratchets up the shock value" and changes every game depending on the group, they said.
So here's the deal. You get about six people, give or take two, in some kind of private space. Drinking is optional but the game makes it highly ideal. You take turns drawing cards that make you do outrageous, random things, and there's no clear winner or loser.
Example card:
A card from Crazy Make 'Em Ups, a new game from Tempe company Up Up Down Down Games. (Photo: Up Up Down Down Games)
More examples:
Say "... in bed?" whenever the Captain finishes a sentence for the next 2 rounds.
"Go get [name] a beverage. Their choice. Make it snappy, wench! You are their beer wench for the rest of the game. Also, everyone may refer to you as "wench" for the rest of your life."
Until the end of the game, any time someone touches another person's butt because of card instructions, you must bark like a dog.
Until the end of the game, any time someone gives a high five, yell "'Merica!!!"
Disclaimer: Peden emphasizes that if you don't want to do something on a card, just don't do it. This is America, after all.
UUDD Games raised $8,010 from 240 people. Its fundraising success is mostly due to the Phoenix chapter of the Hash House Harriers, "a drinking club with a running problem." The big group of drunken runners fell in love with the game and helped spread it, Peden said.
Wanna buy the game? It's still available on Indiegogo for $25 and will be for about a week; after that, the company hopes to accept pre-orders on its website. Peden said the games should be shipped by August.
UUDD Games also has merchandise that works with the game (think shirts made for removing and shot glasses meant to keep you drinking).
A beta version of the game is also available to download for free so long as you agree to the terms, which confirms in part that "I am 21 years of age or older and I like to party."
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1HRUGqC
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's labor market confounded a sluggish economy in the second quarter as the unemployment rate fell to its lowest since 1975.
Workers are seen reflected in office windows as they cross London Bridge during the morning rush hour in London, August 16, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Wage growth remained muted, however, and analysts said the tepid economy could yet take a toll on jobs.
Sterling jumped nearly half a cent against the dollar and British government bond prices slid after data on Wednesday showed the jobless rate edged down to 4.4 percent in the three months to June, against expectations for it to hold at 4.5 percent in a Reuters poll of economists.
Figures on wage growth also came in better than expected but they were flattered by bonus payments in the financial sector. The underlying picture still showed households feeling the strain of rising prices since last year's Brexit vote.
There were also signs the decision to leave the European Union is having an impact on foreign workers. The number of EU-born people working in Britain rose just 1.6 percent year-on-year in the second quarter, the weakest increase in seven years.
Andrew Sentance, senior economic adviser at accountants PwC and a former Bank of England rate-setter, said the labor market data were consistent with modest economic growth.
“Though unemployment is at its lowest level since the mid-1970s, it would not be surprising to see the jobless rate edging up later this year in response to the current economic slowdown,” they said.
Inflation has eased slightly since May when it hit an almost four-year high of 2.9 percent, but prices are still rising faster than wages.
The Office for National Statistics said workers' total earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.1 percent in the three months to June, compared with 1.9 percent in the period to May, boosted by a 27 percent surge in bonus payments in the financial sector in June alone.
Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected wage growth of 1.8 percent.
Overall wage growth in real terms fell by 0.5 percent, the same as in the three months to May and one of the steepest declines in the past three years.
Excluding bonuses - which analysts say gives a better picture of the underlying trend - earnings in nominal terms rose by 2.1 percent year-on-year, the fastest rate since January and beating expectations for a 2.0 percent rise.
The Bank of England is watching wage growth closely as it gauges whether the increase in inflation is creating longer-lasting pressure on prices. It expects wages to rise by 2 percent this year before picking up in 2018 and 2019.
Separate ONS figures showed productivity — perhaps Britain's biggest economic weak point since the financial crisis — fell by 0.1 percent in output-per-hours terms during the second quarter compared with the first quarter, when it fell 0.5 percent.
“Given the uncertain economic and political outlook, it may be that several companies are trying to meet extra work by taking on labor rather than commit to investment,” said Howard Archer, chief economic adviser to the EY ITEM Club.
While growth of workers born in other EU countries hit a seven-year low during the second quarter, the number of workers born outside the EU working in Britain continued to rise strongly - up 225,000 or 7.3 percent compared with a year ago.
Pakistan summoned the U.S. ambassador to reject allegations in a Pentagon report that Islamabad supports militant proxies in neighbouring India and Afghanistan, a foreign ministry statement said Thursday.
It said Pakistani National Security and Foreign Affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz conveyed the complaint to U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson in a meeting at the ministry.
The U.S. Defence Department report, titled "Progress Towards Security and Stability in Afghanistan," said militants continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, which uses the fighters as a hedge against its loss of influence in Afghanistan and as a counterweight to India's superior military.
Story continues below advertisement
The statement says the allegations are of particular concern now, given that the Pakistani military is waging a major offensive against militants in North Waziristan, a tribal region bordering Afghanistan. Pakistan launched the long-awaited operation in June, following years of allegations that it was turning a blind eye to militants who launch cross-border attacks on Afghan and NATO security forces.
Islamabad has always denied the allegations, and has accused Kabul of hosting militants that carry out attacks in Pakistan.
The Pentagon report lauded the latest military push and acknowledged that the army had made gains against local and foreign militants. But the Pakistani statement said the report was "unsubstantial" while noting Pakistan's co-operation with the U.S. in areas of mutual interest.
Pakistan has been at war for more than a decade with the Pakistani Taliban, an offshoot of the Afghan extremist group Islamabad had supported in the past. Last weekend a suicide bomber set off their explosives near a Pakistani paramilitary checkpoint on the border with archrival India, killing 61 people.
Pakistani army chief Raheel Sharif is visiting Kabul on Thursday to meet the new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and senior military leaders.
Winter is upon us again and, even though everyone knows hot buttered rum and eggnog are the drinks of the season, craft beer lovers will be looking for something with a little more depth as a cold evening curl-up companion. If you're looking for something with a warming kick like your favorite liquors, barrel-aged beers combine the multifaceted flavors of aged whiskey, brandy and port with the hoppy richness of hearty beer. This new trend has taken the country by storm — Oregon is home to some of the most innovative new barrel-aged craft beers, perfect for those bitter nights when all you crave is a fireside and a warming brew.
The depth of flavor achieved by barrel-aging beer may seem completely new and groundbreaking, but the practice is actually centuries old. In the past, beer was stored and dispensed from wood barrels. In addition to convenient storage, casking the alcohol enabled brewers to transport actively fermenting beer. This meant every beer was technically “barrel-aged” simply because barrels served as the most common method of storing it. The contents of our modern bottles...
As I begin the build my gut instinct is to just dive in, nevertheless, I am going to hold that in check as I am entering totally new territory here. With this in mind, step one is to get the radiators in place and establish a frame of reference in my mind for how I need to place the pump and tubing.
The dual radiator system I have chosen is designed to allow my system to run virtually silent even under load. At the front of the case I will place the 360mm radiator, which the fans will push air through as intake. The 240mm radiator will go at the top of the case and its fans will push air out as exhaust.
The pump/res provided by EKWB has intake and output ports at the bottom. Now, I had considered doing the intake through the top of the resbut, as that's where I need to fill it, it's probably not the best idea.
In order to have easy access for filling, I want the top of the res close to the top of the case so that it's a simple matter of removing the vent cover. This will also shorten the tubing runs I need to do. Thankfully, the Define S case Fractal sent me has some really nice pump/res mounting options that will let me make this build work in a number of ways.
Getting down to the base build, I am amazed at how easy the actual process is. I've got to tell you that this is not as easy as a regular computer build, but the folks at EKWB have made some really good quality parts that make the actual construction go smoothly.
Based on the initial build idea, we explored a few different fitting options for the dual radiator setup I had planned. With a number of fitting types to
work with, our options were fairly open.
There are a lot of screws needed to build this, especially when mounting the radiators and the fans but EKWB has taken things up a notch with the accessories. Instead of Philips screws, the whole kit uses hex screws and came with the right size tool to use them. Case makers please take note – Phillips screws should be banished from the PC world.
Each radiator came with a full double set of screws. Long ones for going through the fans and short ones for just a case mount. For the front of the case, we mounted the fans so that they would push air through the radiator and into the case. The top radiator had the fans placed in such a way as to push the air through the radiator and out of the case. With 600mm of total radiator space I am pretty confident that my goal of near silent gaming, even with overclocking, is within reach.
The Define S comes with a ton of mounting options for the attachment of liquid cooling. You can fit up to 340mm radiators in the top and front. The inside front offers a great mounting solution for the placing of reservoirs as well as pumps. With a little pre-planning you can build just about anything you can imagine.
It's when things are going so smoothly that you need to watch out. Working with Doug was time-limited as they had their own job to get to. I wasn't helped by having to work with shoulder pain. Even though we thought we had a solid plan in place, our inexperience caught us out a couple of times. Specifically with the reservoir mount.
With the radiators in place it was going to be difficult to install the mounting system for to Define S. We needed to remove the front radiator which, unfortunately, is also the trickiest of the components to deal with. Luckily the guys at EKWB had thought ahead and sent their own mounting solution.
The mount we used attaches to a 120mm fan mount so we were able to utilize the inside of the radiator to attach it. I was concerned about blocking air flow but after doing a mock-up of the Define mount I realized that the effect was minimal. The best part was that we didn't need to remount the front radiator.
Next, we installed the motherboard then connected the two radiators and the pump. Now, I know the experienced liquid cooling builders will be cringing because we did not go hard tubing, and, while I have mad respect for their skills, the flexible tubing is great to work with. However, this was our first run and we were keen to show how easy it would or wouldn't be to do the build. In this regard, the flexible tubing is much more cooperative than hard tubing, especially if you had to move something for a minute or two because you could not reach the 8 pin PSU for the motherboard. Yes, that happened.
As you can see, the water block for the CPU had already been mounted – a super easy thing to do – which means that once we have the video card in we can add the fittings. First though, we need to get a feel for how we want the tubing to route.
At this point we decided to turn my SAPPHIRE R9 Tri-X Fury into water cooled beast. Because the Tri-X uses the reference PCB, which is also the same PCB as the Fury X, finding a water block was easy.
This is probably one the scariest parts of the build process for the novice. The GPU is usually the single most expensive part of higher end gaming system and this process will void your warranty and potentially damage your card.
Once you have the backplate and cooler off the card, you need to clean up the chip and other contact points, VRAM and such, before applying the water block.
To clean the compound, I used Arctic Silver's TIM remover.You can also use alcohol. I cleaned it as well as I could with a q-tip and then used a lint free cloth to go over it again. Applying the thermal paste to a GPU is a little different to applying it to a CPU. A pea is suggested for a CPU whereas they want an X across the GPU and a little on the memory chips as well. As for the pads for the VRMs, I did them differently to the method suggested. On the back of the block there are raised areas to make contact with the VRMs. The manual says to apply the pads to the VRMS and then put on the block. Instead I cut and applied the pads to each of the raised areas and then applied the block with the pads in place. Either way would work fine, to me this just made more sense.
Again, with this kit, the quality of production from EKWB impressed the hell out of me. Not only do you get the block, they also included a replacement for the I/O plat, turning the card into a true single slot solution. I had hoped to use my sexy SAPPHIRE backplate to finish off the build but it would not work and I ended up using the backplate EKWB sent me.
With the video card done, the build came together quickly. We added the necessary hoses, attached the water pump to an external PSU, and began the process of filling the system and bleeding out the air. This actually took a bit of time as we have a smaller reservoir and cannot let it run dry without damaging the pump.
For this stage we used a small PSU outside the system and cycled power when the fluid got low, added more and starting it again. Once the fluid levels where steady we let it run for about 30 minutes to ensure there were no leaks. Good news, zero leaks. We then began the process of slowly tilting the case side to side as well as back and forth to move the air bubbles around and let them escape. As the air bubbles escaped the fluid levels slowly dropped and we again needed to add fluid. In all we spent about an hour on the bleeding and another hour of just letting it run to ensure no leaks or other issues.
Looking at the fluid itself, there are a number of options, the one we are using is pre-mixed and was provided by EK. It has a nice blue color and is UV reactive. In the picture you can see how the fluid lights up with just a small pin light hitting it. I cannot wait to mount the UV cathode behind it and see what happens.
With the leak testing done and the system filled it is time for me to bring it home. Let's load up the OS and see what this thing can do. Make sure to come back and read Part 3 of this series to find out how it ends. There will also be my thoughts and conclusions on custom liquid cooling.
Pulisic, Passlack, Isak - why Dortmund are the world's best club for developing young talent
The Germans have three players in the top 10 of NxGn, which ranks the world's 50 best teenagers, so why are they so adept at producing youngsters?
COMMENT
has emerged in the last decade as the standout destination for developing young talents.
Whether it's manufacturing their own stars like Mario Gotze or polishing up rough diamonds like Robert Lewandowski, Dortmund's reputation for excellence speaks for itself.
The world's 50 best teenagers
The club's economic reality dictates that they are unable to attract ready-made stars to the club at excessive prices. They remain outside the top 10 teams in the Deloitte Money League, which is based on revenue.
They could have big stars at Dortmund but only if they made them in-house. So it has proven, with the production line rolling off the likes of Lewandowski, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan, who have all shone at Signal Iduna Park before going on on to excel elsewhere.
When players like Hummels or Nuri Sahin leave, it's imperative that Dortmund have performers capable of filling their roles. It is a delicate balance to maintain coherence on the balance sheet and structure on the field but Dortmund have been managing that situation well.
Their current crop is being eyed jealously by Europe's biggest clubs with Julian Weigl – in particular – attracting great attention.
At 21, they are in their second season with the first team and leads the way in midfield, where Sahin and Gundogan have departed the scene.
Meet the 16-year-old 'Mexican Messi'
Felix Passlack and Raphael Guerreiro are taking up the defensive responsibility, while up front Christian Pulisic and Ousmane Dembele are fulfilling their destinies week by week.
But that's not all; also on the books are Scandinavians Emre Mor and Alexander Isak, who will take the step-up to consistency sooner rather than later.
Pulisic, Isak and Passlack take up three of the top eight places in Goal's NxGn - a list ranking the world's 50 most promising players born from 1998 onwards.
The reasons for Dortmund's success in training young players for the elite level are varied but could be said to start with the appointment of Sven Mislintat in 2007.
A recent fall-out with first-team coach Thomas Tuchel has led to a change of role for the one-time chief scout who now goes by the title of Head of Professional Football, with Markus Pilawa taking up the chief scout role. They clashed over Mislintat's refusal to support the signing of Tuchel's No. 1 transfer target last summer – 's Oliver Torres.
The fact that Tuchel did not get their way demonstrates the clear structure at Dortmund when it comes to identifying and signing players.
Tuchel admitted in January that they only found out that the club were signing the Swedish forward Isak very late in the deal and that much of the groundwork had already been laid through the work of Mislintat and CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke.
Mislintat was responsible for overseeing the scouting missions which brought Lewandowski from Lech Poznan in , Shinji Kagawa from Cerezo Osaka in and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from .  They are still heavily involved in scouting and recruitment.
The greatest teenagers in history
Key to attracting talent to the club is a clear pathway to the top. Players like Hummels, Lewandowski and Gundogan all left Dortmund for bigger and better things after being given the platform to perform at a young age in the first team under Jurgen Klopp.
The same can be said for Pulisic and Passlack – as well as Dembele – who are all seeing plenty of first-team football this season. With Aubameyang leading the line, the support roles have gone largely to the American teenager and their French counterpart
What happens off the field is just as important as what goes into the process on it.
Ben Woodburn and Alexander-Arnold's Liverpool journey
Dortmund takes great care to ensure the welfare of potential young signings, with Dembele crediting the attention shown to them by the club long before they signed there as a key to choosing them instead of .
Isak, too, is reported to have turned down in order to sign a contract to 2021 with the Yellow and Blacks. At 17, their time in the first team will come a lot sooner than it would at the Santiago Bernabeu.
The club is also willing to offer a helping hand to new players and their families to settle in the area. Pulisic, for example, was brought over from Pennsylvania along with their father Mark in 2015. Pulisic senior was given a job with the club, overseeing the unique “Footbonaut” department.
This facility is a jewel in Dortmund's crown and it offers young players many more touches of the ball than standard match practice. Pulisic Sr has just recently left their role at BVB while their son continues on the route to the top.
While Tuchel is tipped to leave the club this summer – with still 18 months on their contract – the methodologies that have turned up superstar after superstar will remain intact.
The Mona Lisa's mysterious expression may have captivated the world, but theirs isn't the only enigmatic smile Leonardo da Vinci created.
Researchers examining an earlier painting by the Renaissance master claim to have unravelled the painter's secret to creating an 'uncatchable smile'.
The study reveals how La Bella Principessa, painted by da Vinci before they completed the Mona Lisa in the late 15th Century, uses a clever trick to lure in the viewer.
Scroll down for video
The study reveals how La Bella Principessa (right), painted by da Vinci before the Mona Lisa (left) in the late 15th Century, uses a clever trick to lure in the viewer. By expertly blending colours to exploit our peripheral vision, the shape of the subject's mouth appears to change according to view point, researchers found
Researchers found that by expertly blending colours to exploit our peripheral vision, the shape of the subject's mouth appears to change according to the angle it is viewed from.
When viewed directly, the slant of the mouth is distinctly downwards, according to the research by scientists at Sheffield Hallam University and Sunderland University.
As the viewer's eye wanders elsewhere to examine other features, however, the mouth appears to take an upward turn, creating a smile that can only be seen indirectly, much like the Mona Lisa's.
The technique is called sfumato, and can be seen in both the Mona Lisa and La Bella Principessa.
And while other artist's have attempted to use the same technique, none have done so as expertly as da Vinci, the researchers claim.
WHO WAS THE MONA LISA? Florentine noblewoman, Lisa Gherardini, is widely believed to be the model for Leonardo da Vinci's painting. Lisa Gherardini is thought to have posed for the painting between 1503 and 1506. Not much is knownown about Gherardini's life. Born in Florence and married in their teens to a cloth and silk merchant who later became a local official, they were mother to five children. It is believed Francesco Del Giocondo commissioned the portrait to celebrate either their wife's pregnancy or the purchase of a house around 1502 and 1503. After their death, Gherardini became a nun. They died in 1542 at the age of 63 and was said to be buried near the Sant'Orsola convent's altar. In 2014 scientists conducted a DNA test on bones fond at the convent which they believe belonged to Gherardini but the results are still to be released.
'As the smile disappears as soon as the viewer tries to 'catch it', we have named this visual illusion the 'uncatchable smile,' researchers Alessandro Soranzo and Michelle Newberry of Sheffield Hallam University wrote in a paper published in the journal Vision Research.
To find out how da Vinci's illusions worked, the researchers set up test in which people either viewed the portraits from a distance or saw blurred versions, according to a report in Discover magazine.
The researchers used a series of experiments to examine how different points of view and levels of blur in the images themselves could alter a viewer's perception.
The researchers asked volunteers to look at La Bella Principessa, Mona Lisa and another typical painting from the same era Portrait of a Girl, painted in 1470 by Piero del Pollaiuolo.
First they conducted a number of tests to see how a viewer's distance from the portrait would influence their perception.
They found that when viewed from further away, both the Bella Principessa and Mona Lisa appeared to be smiling more than the portrait by del Pollaiuolo.
They also used digital manipulation to alter the level of blur in each of the paintings. They found as blur in the two da Vinci paintings was increased, the smiles appeared to increase.
The researchers asked volunteers to view digitally manipulated versions of three paintings - da Vinci's La Bella Principessa (top), Mona Lisa (middle) and Portrait of a Girl by Piero del Pollaiuolo (bottom). They changed the level of blur in the paintings to examine whether this changed the impression of a smile, as shown above
When viewed directly, the slant of the mouth in the Mona Lisa (pictured) is distinctly downwards. But as the eye moves elsewhere to examine other features, the mouth appears to take an upward turn, creating a smile that can only be seen indirectly
In del Pollaiuolo's painting the perception of the girl's smile remained broadly the same, and actually decreased slightly as the blur worsened.
This suggests da Vinci's technique specifically relies upon the viewer seeing the mouth with unfocused eyes in order for the smile to appear.
In a final experiment, the researchers tested whether the mouth or the eyes were responsible for the mysterious smile illusion by masking the features with black rectangles.
They found when the mouth was obscured, the illusion did not appear to work, but when the eyes were obscured, viewers still detected the hint of contentment in La Bella Principessa's smile.
Soranzo told Discover, 'Given da Vinci's mastery of the technique, and its subsequent use in the Mona Lisa, it is quite conceivable that the ambiguity of the effect was intentional.'
The researchers used masks on La Bella Principessa to examine whether it was just the mouth or the eyes as well that were involved in the illusion of their smile (as shown above). Their results suggest it is just the mouth that appears to be involved, despite claims by some that da Vinci made their paintings 'smile through their eyes'
La Bella Principessa is thought to depict 13-year-old Bianca Sforza, the daughter of Ludovico Sforza, duke of Milan, who was to be married to a commander of the duke's Milanese forces.
But, they would be dead within months of the marriage, having suffered a possible ectopic pregnancy, adding poignancy to their expression in their portrait.
They added that da Vinci may have first attempted the technique even earlier in their 1483 work 'Virgin of the Rocks.'
Michael Pickard, from the University of Sunderland co-authored a 2013 study by the same team.
'With their knowledge of the turbulence surrounding the Court of Milan at that time, Leonardo would have been aware of inner tensions between the fresh innocence of a young girl on the threshold of womanhood and their impending marriage and courtly destiny,' they said.
'It is also not difficult to believe that Leonardo would have seen below the surface and wanted to capture the subtle essence of the girl, using a technique they would so famously master in the Mona Lisa.'
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A new state law, aimed at stopping cyberbullying, gives Illinois schools the legal right to demand access to kids' social media accounts.
Some say the law goes too far.
Previously Illinois schools could take action against students only if online bullying - such as a tweet or Facebook post - happened during the school day or at a school-sanctioned activity.
Under a law that took effect January 1, 2015, school districts and universities in Illinois can demand a student's social media password any time they have reasonable cause to believe that a student's social network account contains evidence of a disciplinary rule violation.
That includes posts that happen outside of school hours and outside of school networks.
Some parents say the new law raises some concerns about privacy.
“It's one thing for me to take my child's social media account and open it up, or for the teacher to look or even a child to pull up their social media account," Sara Bozarth said to a reporter from our sister station KTVI, "But to have to hand over your password and personal information is not acceptable to me."
Some students say there still needs to be some separation between schools and what students do on their own time and on a personal device.
Supporters say the new law sends a strong message that threats and cyberbullying will not be tolerated.
Here's the deal. I'm going to give you a square grid, with some of the cells colored and others possibly left blank. We'll call this a template. Perhaps the grid will be one of these 3×3 templates:
You have a supply of transparent plastic overlays that match the grid in size and shape and that also bear patterns of black dots:
Note that each of these patterns has exactly three dots, with one dot in each row and each column. The six overlays shown are the only 3×3 grids that have this property.
Your task is to assemble a subset of the overlays and lay them on the template in such a way that dots cover all the colored squares but none of the blank squares. You are welcome to superimpose multiple dots on any colored square, but overall you want to use as few overlays as possible. To make things interesting, I'll suggest a wager. I'll pay you $3 for a correct covering of a 3×3 template, but you have to pay me $1 for each overlay you use. Is this a good bet?
Before going further, I should mention that not every conceivable template can be covered under these rules. To take an obvious example, no 3×3 template with fewer than three colored squares can possibly be covered by any combination of the six overlays. But I promise to submit only templates that can be covered by some combination of the given dot patterns; if I err about this, I forfeit the bet.
How does the game play out? If I give you the template marked “1″ above, you can easily win; just choose permutations a and b, which together cover all the colored squares and no others. You pay $2 and get $3. Template 2, with all nine squares colored, looks like it might be the toughest challenge. Clearly, it cannot be covered with fewer than three overlays, since we need a total of nine dots; and it turns out that exactly three overlays are required. Indeed, there are two ways of covering the template with three overlays: a + d + e and b + c + f. Thus this template is a breakeven proposition: You earn $3 and pay $3.
Now we come to template 3, which has eight colored squares and one blank. Surely if you can cover the full nine squares with just three overlays, then you should also be able to cover eight squares—no? I invite you to try it. In fact the only covering that works requires four overlays: b + d + e + f. Thus you shouldn't take my bet, since I can always give you a template with just one blank, and you'll have a net loss of $1.
Some background. I'll return to the gaming table momentarily, but first let me explain what this is all about and where it came from. A few weeks ago, I was writing about “ranges of rankings,” which led me into the topic of permutation matrices. To recapitulate:
A permutation matrix is a square matrix with a single 1 in each column and each row, and all the rest of the elements 0.
An ormat is a superposition of permutation matrices, formed by applying the Boolean OR function to corresponding elements of the permutation matrices. For example:
Not all square matrices with (0,1) entries can be formed by OR-ing permutation matrices, but there's an efficient algorithm for deciding whether or not a given matrix is an ormat. (I thank some helpful commenters for enlightening me on this point.)
Given an ormat, the total number of distinct permutation paths that can be threaded through the 1 entries of the matrix is equal to the permanent of the matrix. Calculating the permanent is known to be a hard computational problem.
In a comment, Barry Cipra posed the following query:
The permanent tells us the maximum number of different permutations that can be OR-summed to produce a given ormat, but what is the corresponding minimum number? Also, in how many different ways can the minimum be achieved?
The connection between ormats and my little game is probably apparent by now. The template of colored and blank squares is an ormat; the dotted overlays represent permutation matrices; to maximize your payoff in the game (or to minimize your loss), you need to answer Barry's first question, finding the minimum number of permutations that can be combined to yield the given ormat.
For 3×3 matrices, we can solve this problem by exhaustive search, calculating the OR-sums of all possible combinations of the six 3×3 permutation matrices taken 1, 2, 3, …, 6 at a time. I did this with pencil and paper on a recent airplane trip. Here is a summary of the results:
Some of the numbers on this card are easy to explain. The six ormats with just three 1 entries are the permutation matrices themselves. There are six of them because there are 3! = 6 permutations of three things. There are no ormats with four 1 entries for a reason that bears thinking about: There can be no permutations that differ from one another in just one element. When you superimpose any of the six overlays shown above, you can wind up with three, five or six dots, but never four.
At the other end of the scale, it's no surprise that there's exactly one ormat with nine 1 entries, and that it takes three permutations to produce it. And then there are the nine ormats with eight 1 entries, which each require four permutations to be OR-ed. These are the single-blank patterns like template 3 above.
Based on these results, I began speculating about what I would see in a tabulation of all 4×4 ormats.
There would have to be 4! = 24 patterns with four 1 entries, and just one pattern with all 1s, generated by OR-ing four permutations. And there should be 16 ormats that require five permutations, namely the 16 matrices with a single 0 elements. This last prediction seemed a little less self-evident than the others.
Pocket change and Cheerios. My thoughts about the single-zero (or single-blank) case went something like this. To cover 15 squares with sets of four dots each, we need at least four sets, or else we simply won't have enough dots. So a useful starting point is one of the optimal arrangements that cover all 16 squares without gaps or overlaps. By this time I had grown tired of drawing zillions of dots, and so I started working with sets of coins.
In this arrangement each coin denomination forms a permutation, with no two pennies, nickels, dimes or quarters in the same row or the same column. We have successfully covered all the colored squares, but unfortunately we've also covered the blank at the lower right. Thus this pattern of coins is not an acceptable solution, but maybe we can fix it up somehow?
Moving the penny from the blank square to another square in the same column solves one problem but creates another: Now the arrangement of pennies is no longer a permutation. There are two pennies in the third row.
So now we have to shift another penny to restore the one-per-row-and-column property. Inevitably, this leaves a colored square uncovered. The only way we can cover that exposed square is to introduce a fifth permutation. Since I had run out of coin denominations, I chose a popular brand of breakfast toroids. Voila:
There's nothing special about the particular moves I chose in this sequence. If you try some alternatives, you should be able to persuade yourself that moving the penny that covers the blank to any other square in the fourth column (or in the fourth row) would lead to essentially the same situation. Likewise the game would come out the same if the single blank square were placed anywhere else in the grid. And you could also start with a different set of initial permutations (provided they cover all the squares).
This coin-shuffling exercise demonstrates that we can cover any 4×4 template that has a single blank by combining no more than five permutations, but how do we know that five are actually needed? Maybe there's some totally different arrangement that would do the job with just four permutations? Well, think about what such an arrangement would look like. It would have to differ at exactly one position from some other layout of permutations that covers the full 16-square grid. But no two permutations can differ at one and only one place. Thus the reason there can be no four-permutation cover of 15 squares is essentially the same as the reason no 4×4 ormat pattern can cover just five squares.
This argument generalizes to k×k matrices: For any integer k, there must be at least k ormat patterns that cannot be covered with fewer than k+1 permutations. But then comes the bigger speculative leap: Perhaps k+1 is an upper bound. Perhaps part of the answer to Barry's question is that no k×k ormat pattern requires more than k+1 permutations. At one point I even had a “proof” of this conjecture. Then I wrote a program to check it, doing much the same thing I did with the dots on the airplane.
Out of bounds. My program found the expected 16 ormat patterns that require five permutations—and it found many more as well. In all it identified 2,032 4×4 ormats that can't be composed from fewer than five permutations. And then came a bigger surprise: The program also found 480 patterns that require six permutations. So much for my proposed upper bound.
One of those problematic 480 ormats takes this form:
Looking over this pattern, I thought I understood where my earlier reasoning had gone awry. This matrix is just like the single-zero pattern, but with two zeros! (I do mean for that statement to make sense. Bear with me.) Suppose we start again with a set of four permutations that completely cover the grid, including the two blanks.
Then we can uncover each blank just as we did in the coin-shuffling procedure above, although we have to be careful the two sets of movements don't interfere with each other. (Not much point in removing the penny from a blank square, then putting the nickel there.) Here is a strategy for clearing both blank squares while maintaining the one-per-column-and-row permutation property:
Inevitably, when we uncover the two blank squares, we also remove coins from two colored squares, which now have to be filled in again. The key point is that no single permutation can repair that damage, because the two open colored squares are in the same row. To cover both of those squares we need two additional permutations.
Other ways of reshuffling the coins avoid putting the two open squares in the same row or column, but they still foil all attempts to complete the covering with just five permutations. Try adding four Cheerios to the diagram below. If you cover both of the open blue squares, then either you also cover one of the blank squares or you wind up with two Cheerios in the same row.
So now it's clear we need as many as six permutations to cover a 4×4 ormat. Does that suggest that the general upper bound might be k+2 rather than k+1? Or perhaps the appropriate formula is 2k–2? In support of this latter possibility I offer these two ormats, which require 8 and 10 permutations respectively:
Another wager. Having fooled myself several times about the upper bound on minimal ormat coverings, I feel I should build in a little margin for error before I invite you to make a further wager. We already have direct evidence that covering a k×k ormat can take as many as 2k–2 permutations. So I'll be generous and offer a full $2k for a proper covering, while charging $1 per permutation. If k=3 or k=4, you can definitely make money on this deal. But is it a good bet for larger k? (Hint: I'd be willing to play the game on these terms for real money.)
• • •
Update 2010-08-19: No takers for my bet, eh? Too bad; I had already spent my winnings.
Barry Cipra, who raised the question about minimal ormat covers in the first place, sends this illuminating letter:
I'm baffled by our local homeless advocates. Their efforts would be understandable if they were trying to improve conditions at shelters or agitating for better health and counseling services.
But what they're striving for now would simply preserve disorder in the streets. They'd make it as difficult and unpleasant as possible for the city to move homeless street encampments away from homes, businesses and parks. Seriously, who thinks that's a good solution?
The proposal from outgoing Supervisor John Avalos and the Coalition on Homelessness is a template for chaos. Among other things, it would demand that the city give homeless campers 15 days notice before being “evicted.” And, if the city cannot provide a free, acceptable place for them to live, an extension must be granted so they can stay where they are.
Now let's head out to Florida Street, a few blocks from the infamous Division Street tent city, and see how things are working in the real world. Kirsty Gumina, an account manager at McCalls Catering, has been asking for the city's help since February, when a group of characters who look as if they walked off a “Mad Max” movie set pitched tents on the sidewalks and took over the neighborhood.
“One of them defecated on the car of one of our clients,” Gumina said. “I have personally gotten out of my car and seen them shooting up between their toes. We live in a war zone.”
Oh, and all of this is taking place within a few feet of a day care center.
The camp's population varies from four to eight tents, not including the guy who lives in a cardboard box. Gumina says besides injecting drugs, they bicker and fight constantly, harass the women who work at the company, and generally intimidate anyone who walks through the Mission District neighborhood.
Ironically, Gumina says there used to be an older homeless guy who lived peacefully in the area. Employees gave them food and greeted them each day.
“These guys pushed them right out,” they said. “They're all under 45, high and unpredictable.”
City's response
Luckily, the city knows how to handle this. When Arnie Ertola, McCall's managing partner, wrote emails to complain, the response was swift — and pointless.
“Thank you for reaching out on this important issue,” an email response began. “As you know, homelessness is a challenge across the city. Your safety, the safety of your staff and the safety of all San Franciscans is extremely important.”
The note went on to say that the Homeless Outreach Team would be notified and Public Works would be put on notice to request regular cleanings.
Furthermore, “If you witness illegal activity I encourage you to file a statement or report with the police.”
To which Ertola replied, after months of unabated havoc outside their door, “that sounds like more political rhetoric.”
“We have already attempted all of your suggestions with little or no response,” they said. “We just want to be able to safely use the sidewalk.”
Official ‘hot spot'
Now Gumina says the area has been officially declared “a hot spot,” and some sort of action is supposed to happen. For instance, the other day, Gumina says, “a guy with a clipboard” came out and discussed options with the campers like counseling or beginning to move toward supportive housing.
Their response? Naw, we'll just stay where we are.
Gumina says the appearance of donated tents in the past few months has changed the narrative.
“The free-tent thing seems to be the tipping point,” says Gumina. “They're all brand-new, from REI, and they all appeared at the same time. It's like anybody can just pitch a tent anywhere they want and it is totally OK with the city? I am beyond frustrated.”
Avalos' proposal to make it harder to move tent cities hasn't been presented to the Board of Supervisors yet, and it might not pass if it is. But the mind-set is revealing. It's a laundry list of demands and requirements to encourage and maintain street camping.
Besides the required 15-day notice before asking campers to move, the city would also be required to “partner with camp residents to create a relocation plan.”
Partner with camp residents? That's the sort of happy talk that Ertola, who says they looked out the window the other day and saw one of the tent dwellers urinating on one of their trucks, finds infuriating. They say they turned negotiations with the city over to Gumina because, “I have a tendency to get frustrated and say things I shouldn't say.”
Gumina is giving it their best shot, but they don't see any progress.
“These guys are doing serious drugs 15 feet from a day care center,” they said. “No matter how many times we call, it seems like we are not being heard and nothing happens.”
And, after months of this, it leaves them wondering why there's a proposal to keep the homeless on the street, but leaves them frustrated, angry and intimidated. Gumina says she's just got one question:
“How did we get to be the bad guys in this?”
C.W. Nevius is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Their columns appear Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Email: cwnevius@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @cwnevius
EURef News 10/04/2014
Follow @eureferendum
We are working flat out at the moment and we have some big projects in the works. We have secured the Flexcit domain name and hopefully that will be going live over the weekend and we will be pushing that hard. We also have big plans for The Harrogate Agenda website which will be relaunched in a big way at the end of May. The Harrogate Agenda is still very much a priority.
Now that the Brexit Prize is out of the way, the real work begins. We are here to stay, so spread the word, hit the share button, give us a "like" and if you feel so inclined... hit the donate button! We would really appreciate it.
EUReferendum.com
We have started a Facebook page ! We decided the Facebook group wasn't really adding any value and Facebook pages seem a more appropriate platform for promotional purposes. We have redirected the icon at the top of the site, and we will now post blogs there. It would be a help to us, if you do have a Facebook account, if you give us a "like" and share our posts.We are working flat out at the moment and we have some big projects in the works. We have secured the Flexcit domain name and hopefully that will be going live over the weekend and we will be pushing that hard. We also have big plans forwebsite which will be relaunched in a big way at the end of May. The Harrogate Agenda is still very much a priority.Now that the Brexit Prize is out of the way, the real work begins. We are here to stay, so spread the word, hit the share button, give us a "like" and if you feel so inclined... hit the donate button! We would really appreciate it.EUReferendum.com
Computerized Etch A Sketch
Anyone who has tried to use an Etch A Sketch knows that a good deal of co-ordination is needed in order to draw anything but horizontal and vertical lines. It quickly becomes obvious that a computer would be far better at controlling the horizontal and vertical knobs than a human.
Accordingly, I pulled the knobs off of an Etch A Sketch and attached it to two stepper motors which in turn are attached to the parallel port of a computer. This gives one the ability to control the plotter's movements with a mouse or joystick (more intuitive interfaces than the knobs). Having a computer in the loop also allows one to record what movements are done, so one can edit them and play them back.
This robotic device is also capable of erasing the Etch A Sketch by flipping the whole contraption upside down and tilting it back and forth. The assembly has been carefully counterbalanced so that it only takes a tiny motor to flip it. A pair of mercury switches let the computer know which way is up, so that the board can be rotated to the correct positions.
The framework is built from Meccano, though there are so few moving parts that it could have easily been made of wood. The electronics are compactly built yet surprisingly complex. A C version of the software allows for control using a serial mouse. A Python version of the software allows for control using a USB joystick. One of my goals is to draw fractals on the Etch A Sketch.
Legal statements required by Ohio Art:
The Etch A Sketch product name and the configuration of the Etch A Sketch product are registered trademarks owned by The Ohio Art Company. The Etch A Sketch is being used with permission of The Ohio Art Company.
(Yes, one of their lawyers contacted me and demanded I add the above statements.)
Last modified: 5 May 2008
As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward.
But for some folks who work in marketing, it'll be another chance to do a little #branding.
Each year, companies across the United States employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11.
This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Fla.
The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers.
Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart's logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words “We Will Never Forget,” and in the top right corner is “9-11-01.”
Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. “Rollback,” the sign states.
The display first came to the public's attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,434 times and liked 4,071.
Needless to say, anger rolled in faster than you can say “face-palm.”
“This is one of the lamest things I've ever seen,” tweeted one user. Another called it “crass commercialization.” “Utterly tasteless,” tweeted a third. “Is that real?!” asked one user. “Dear God, tell me that isn't real.” Etcetera, ad nauseam.
@online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. — Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016
Walmart spokesperson Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down.
Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff.
Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response.
One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Ala.-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack.
The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user saves an image.
Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3 — Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014
That same year, the Timehop app's Twitter account posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying “Memba dis?”
Absolutely #breathtaking 9/11 tribute: cartoon dinosaur asking "memba dis?". Do u memba? Memba when the towers fell? pic.twitter.com/pFLSwncTa6 — Helena Bottom-Farter (@solikebasically) September 11, 2014
Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf.
Hey @buildabear, do you guys have a workshop for building tone-deafness? pic.twitter.com/RY3xn662Le — Miles Kahn (@mileskahn) September 11, 2014
Some companies removed the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology.
We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy. — AT&T (@ATT) September 11, 2013
Randall Stephenson, AT&T chairperson and chief executive later told AdWeek, “Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honor those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day.”
Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all.
It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014, and the latter even offered a 40 percent discount.
Other companies that have offered a 9/11 discount, according to AdAge, include Marks Wholesale Socks, Formula Fresh and Caffeine Supreme.
In honor of patriots today, all juice is 15% off! Come see us at the juicery! #rememberourheroes… http://t.co/ZSNcFiA8FV — Formula Fresh (@formula_fresh) September 11, 2014
In remembrance of 9/11 we will be doing a patriotic special drink! 15%off Vanilla Blasts if you want it dyed red… http://t.co/VRUUBqvFOB — Caffeine Supreme (@CaffeineSupreme) September 11, 2014
In fact, the practice has become so common that after the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two foot-long subs for $9.11 with the tagline “Fly on in for Subtember 11” and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real.
The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad.
Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion. — SUBWAY® (@SUBWAY) September 6, 2013
Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the somber anniversary completely.
“We've been saying to people, there's probably no right way to do this,” J. Walker Smith, executive chairperson at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. “If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful.”
Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed.
“On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there's a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity,” Salzman told the NYT. “My advice would be to go dark. There's no place for brands to live.”
But if the Walmart/Coke display in Florida is any indication, some brands are still learning.
Getty Images
It's become apparent that the Packers are getting closer to a new deal for Aaron Rodgers.
But that's not the only big deal they're working on.
According to Tom Silverstein of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, they're also approaching a deal with outside linebacker Clay Matthews as well.
Making Rodgers the highest-paid player in the game was termed a “priority” by team president Mark Murphy, but there's actually more of a time element in play with Matthews.
He's entering the final year of their rookie deal, and locking them up before then makes sense for both sides. He's set to make $3.73 million this year, but should push some of the top pass-rusher deals.
Agent David Dunn represents both, and has kept details to a minimum. But it's clear the Packers are working on getting both deals done soon, making the timing the only question.
Paces Properties has announced that Collier's Department Store and a cafe from THRIVE Famers will be some of the first tenants at the Atlanta Dairies development on Memorial Drive in Reynoldstown. Pace has already signed Agon Entertainment, owners of the Georgia Theatre in Athens and Variety Playhouse in Little Five Points.
The former dairy site at 777 Memorial Drive will have space for entertainment, retail, restaurant and office tenants.
“With the addition of these dynamic tenants, Atlanta Dairies is coming to life as a hub of entertainment, restaurants, bars, retail, and office,” said David Cochran, President and CEO of Paces Properties, in a press release. “We are seeing an increasing need for convenience of location as Atlanta's population swells and traffic rises. Atlanta Dairies will serve the east Atlanta neighborhoods and beyond, providing the community with good coffee, meeting places, great restaurants and elevated entertainment.”
Collier's Department Store will offer “everyday conveniences” like cosmetics and personal care, baby and kids, furniture, denim and workfare for men and women, home decor, confections, stationery, and books. The 10,000 square-foot store is from the team behind The Merchant, Archer Paper Co., Read Shop and Collier Candy Company.
The café by THRIVE Farmers will be located in a 2,000 square foot space and feature a menu with a “farmer-focused foundation,” including artisan, handcrafted food, and beverages.
Atlanta Dairies is targeted to open in late 2017.
Question: "If you were to do a " best fits" article for possible draftees whom would fit well on this roster, Who would your top 10 prospects be and why (regardless of draft projection)?" -Rev. Trueblue
This is a great question because it allows us to open up the playing field and take a look at some players who would be great fits for the Dallas Cowboys. I could easily extend this list to about 20 players, but for this post we are going to stick to the 10 players who, in my opinion, would be great fits for the Cowboys. This is all hypothetical, so let's leave draft status at the door and just have fun seeing who would come to Dallas and make a big impact at their position.
The Cowboys were very high on Mike Iupati back in 2010, so I believe they will be high on Warmack because they may be the best guard prospect in years.
Some of us really wanted the Cowboys to get David DeCastro last year, but Warmack could erase the memories of not landing an elite offensive guard. Warmack would not only open up holes in the running game, they should solidify their side of the line. If he's available at 18, the Cowboys should hand in their card and call it a night because they will have landed one of the best players in the draft.
This draft should come down to offensive line versus defensive line, that's where the Cowboys have the biggest holes. Richardson reminds me a lot of Fletcher Cox and I do see some Jay Ratliff in their game. Richardson would be the 3-technique defensive tackle that Monte Kiffin needs in their "Dallas-2" 4-3 defense. They may not be Warren Sapp, but Richardson has the disruption and pass rushing ability to be a force on the line.
Eric Fisher
Doug Free has become one of the worst right tackles in football and Jeremy Parnell may be nothing more than a swing tackle. It may sting to invest another draft pick and more money on the tackle position, but bringing in a talented tackle like Fisher would solve the bookends on the offensive line for a very long time. Fisher may come from a small school, but their talent is off the charts and they could be one of the best players in the 2013 draft class.
Cooper is an athletic guard that would bring the athleticism and quickness that the Cowboys really don't have at the guard position. Their ability to get into the second level and clear out defenders would really open up the Cowboys' running game. The Cowboys seem to look for versatility in their players and Cooper can play either guard position and they could play some center. They may not be an exciting pick, but Cooper would be a perfect fit for the Cowboys and their poor offensive line play.
If it were to happen, Tyron Smith and Lane Johnson would quite possibly be the most athletic tackle tandem in the NFL. After playing quarterback and tight end, Johnson is still learning the offensive tackle position, but he's one of the best athletes in this draft. Drafting an offensive tackle won't be popular, but a player like Johnson can come in and instantly solve the questions we have at right tackle.
Warford is the type of mean, physical and powerful guard that the Cowboys should really like in the draft. The offensive line needs a lot of help and Warford could come in and be the physical force we need to jump start the running game again. Because of their size and strength, he's the perfect fit for the Cowboys. Their experience from playing in the SEC against some of the best competition in the nation really prepared them for the next level.
Even though they have character concerns, Ogletree would be a great fit for the Cowboys' defense. Their quickness and sideline to sideline speed separate them from the other linebackers in this draft. Ogletree has a physical element to their game that I would love to see in Dallas. The Cowboys love their linebackers and Kiffin loves speed, so if they can determine that Ogletree's off-the-field issues aren't a concern, then they would join Sean Lee and Bruce Carter as the most athletic linebacker core in football.
The 2013 NFL Draft offers the best safety class we've seen in a very long time. Safety continues to be one of the hardest positions to fill on an NFL roster. The Cowboys have had issues at safety for a long time and they need to add more talent to the roster. Barry Church and Matt Johnson offer some hope, but their injury history is a major concern. Cyprien possesses the coverage, ball skills and thumping ability that Monte Kiffin should love.
Wide receiver may not seem like a need, but it's a position that you need a lot of depth. Miles Austin continues to struggle with injuries and even though Dwayne Harris is making strides, the Cowboys need another weapon at receiver. Tavon Austin, who I believe is similar to Percy Harvin, can become a game changer who lines up all over the field. Dez Bryant, Miles Austin, Dwayne Harris, Jason Witten and Tavon Austin would be a very dangerous offense that could offer a variety of nightmares for defensive coordinators.
While the Cowboys may be looking for more of a waterbug type of running back like Andre Ellington or Kenjon Barner, Lacy would be a force with DeMarco Murray. Their combination of speed and power would bring more firepower to the backfield. The Cowboys need to get their running game going, and that starts with the offensive line, but you can never have too many running backs in the NFL.
AMD may be looking into further development of external graphics processing units, as revealed by Robert Hallock on Facebook.
External Graphics Cards are not a new thing, but it was always a very niche market. Solutions vary from Tesla Personal Supercomputers to external docking station for high-end graphics cards from MSI (Gaming Dock) or Alienware (Graphics Amplifier).
AMD is known for advocating open standards, FreeSync or GPU Open are just two recent examples. Could External GPUs be their next step to gain popularity?
According to AMD, their solution would benefit from standardized connectors, cables and easy operating system integration with plug and play drivers. AMD is aiming at ultra-thin notebooks, which often lack necessary power for casual gaming.
I'm not sure if ultra-thin notebooks are necessarily that important. I would rather see standardized external GPU ports for mid-range laptops, which often have enough CPU power, but lack GPU horsepower due to moderate cooling solutions.
My point is that when someone spends 500-1000 USD on affordable gaming notebook, they would sooner spend 300 USD on new card rather than buy completely new notebook just because their mobile graphics cards are not fast enough. On the other hand, ultra-thin notebook are not designed for games, but mobility and battery life.
It's also worth noting that such solutions already exists, and I'm not talking about those expensive solutions from MSI or Alienware, but something that is either based on mini PCI-E slot or Express-Card. For 50 USD you can already enjoy better frame rates, but only if your notebook is compatible.
EXP GDC V7.0 Beast by Banggood
The full quote from Robert Hallock follows:
Alright, let's have some Real Talk™ about gaming on the go. Gaming notebooks are great for gaming, but nobody in their right mind wants to carry one all the time. Ultrathin notebooks are awesome to carry, but nobody in their right mind would confuse one for a gaming notebook. But there's still a HUGE appetite for thin notebooks that can game. I also bet there are a bunch of gamers out there who, as they get into their 30s and 40s, wouldn't mind condensing their entire computing life down into one device that does it all. I ALSO bet that some people wouldn't mind giving up an mITX LAN rig if their notebook had the potential to serve that role with gusto. External GPUs are the answer. External GPUs with standardized connectors, cables, drivers, plug'n'play, OS support, etc. More info very soon.
Source: TechPowerUP, Facebook
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
Is this the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X2? Next Post
AMD could unveil more details about Polaris and R9 Fury X2 this thursday
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Obama Administration plans on unveiling what officials are calling a “more realistic” vision of the future of the US military on Thursday, promising significant cuts in the number of available ground troops at America's disposal.
If you think that's going to be an overall cut in the size of the US military or its budget, however, you haven't been paying attention for the last several decades, as officials say the move will be coupled with an increase in spending on warplanes and warships.
Nominally, the plan is designed to move from the US being able to sustain two major occupations at any given time to one major occupation and enough forces to “block another conflict.” In real terms, it means an increase in spending, as usual.
In terms of the ground troops, officials say that instead of bringing army brigades home from Afghanistan the plan is for them to “basically disappear.” Even though the plan amounts to a net increase in spending going forward, it is expected to face resistance from hawks who feel it doesn't increase spending enough.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A stunning breakthrough at the University of Bristol has led to the development of a new bio-ink that can perform 3D printing of a living tissue – a process known as bioprinting.
The bio-ink contains stems cells and is composed from two different polymers. The first is a natural polymer extracted from seaweed. This is combined with a synthetic polymer commonly used in the medical industry. Its purpose is to solidify the ink when the temperature is raised. The stem cells used in the process are called osteoblasts and chondrocytes. They are responsible for secretion of bone substance and cartilage.
Dr. Adam Perriman from School of Cellular and Molecular Medicine is the lead researcher responsible for the development of bio-ink. According to Perriman, they faced numerous challenges during the development, such as finding a material which was printable, durable enough to sustain its shape when immersed in nutrients and not harmful to the stem cells. Under their direction, the team was able to engineer several tissue structures including a tracheal cartilage ring.
The new bio-ink for 3D printing of living tissues has a vast potential including the production of complex tissues for surgical implants. For instance, doctors could use a patient's own stem cells for creating implants used in knee and hip surgeries.
During the process of researching InnoDB's storage formats and building the innodb_ruby and innodb_diagrams projects discussed in my series of InnoDB blog posts, Davi Arnaut and I found a number of InnoDB bugs. I thought I'd bring up a few of them, as they are fairly interesting.
These bugs were largely discoverable due to the innodb_space utility making important internal information visible in a way that it had never been visible in the past. Using it to examine production tables provided many leads to go on to find the bugs responsible. When we initially looked at a graphical plot of free space by page produced from innodb_space data, we were quite surprised to see so many pages less than half filled (including many nearly empty). After much research we were able to track down all of the causes for the anomalies we discovered.
Bug #67718: InnoDB drastically under-fills pages in certain conditions
Due to overly-aggressive attempts to optimize page split based on insertion order during insertion, InnoDB could leave pages under-filled with as few as one record in each page. This was observed in several production systems in two cases which I believe could be quite common for others:
Mostly-increasing keys — Twitter uses Snowflake for ID generation in a distributed way. Overall it's quite nice. Snowflake generates 64-bit mostly-incrementing IDs that contain a timestamp component. Insertion is typically happening via queues and other non-immediate mechanisms, so IDs will find their way to the database slightly out of order. Nearly-ordered keys — Another schema has a Primary Key and Secondary Key which are similarly—but not exactly— ordered. Insertion into a table to copy data in either order ends up nearly ordered by the other key.
Both of these circumstances ended up tripping over this bug and causing drastically under-filled pages to appear in production databases, consuming large amounts of disk space.
Bug #67963: InnoDB wastes 62 out of every 16384 pages
InnoDB needs to occasionally allocate some internal bookkeeping pages; two for every 256 MiB of data. In order to do so, it allocates an extent (64 pages), allocates the two pages it needed, and then adds the remainder of the extent (62 free pages) to a list of extents to be used for single page allocations called FREE_FRAG . Almost nothing allocates pages from that list, so these pages go to waste.
This is fairly subtle, wasting only 0.37% of disk space in any large InnoDB table, but nonetheless interesting and quite fixable.
Bug #68023: InnoDB reserves an excessive amount of disk space for write operations
InnoDB attempts to ensure write operations will always succeed after they've reached a certain point by pre-reserving 1% of the tablespace size for the write operation. This is an excessive amount; 1% of every large table in a production system really adds up. This should be capped at some reasonable amount.
Bug #68501: InnoDB fails to merge under-filled pages depending on deletion order
Depending on the order that records are deleted from pages, InnoDB may not merge multiple adjacent under-filled pages together, wasting disk space.
Bug #68545: InnoDB should check left/right pages when target page is full to avoid splitting
During an insertion operation, only one of two outcomes is currently possible:
The record fits in the target page and is inserted without splitting the page. The record does not fit in the target page and the page is then split into two pages, each with half of the records on the original page. After the page is split, the insertion will happen into one of the two resulting pages two pages.
This misses a very common case in practice, when the target page is full but one or more of its adjacent pages have free space or may even be nearly empty. A more intelligent alternative would be to consider merging the adjacent pages in order to make free space on the target page, rather than split the target page, creating a completely new half-full page.
Bug #68546: InnoDB stores unnecessary PKV fields in unique SK non-leaf pages
Non-leaf pages in Secondary Keys need a key that is guaranteed to be unique even though there may be many child pages with the same minimum key value. InnoDB adds all Primary Key fields to the key, but when the Secondary Key is already unique this is unnecessary. For systems with unique Secondary Keys and a large Primary Key, this can add up to a lot of disk space to store the unnecessary fields. Fixing this in a compatible way would be complex, and most users are unaffected, so I'd say it's unlikely to be fixed.
Bug #68868: Documentation for InnoDB tablespace flags for file format incorrect
As I wrote in How InnoDB accidentally reserved only 1 bit for table format, InnoDB purportedly reserved 6 bits of a field for storing the table format (Antelope, Barracuda, etc.), but due to a bug in the C #define s only reserved 1 bit.
Report in New York magazine says the Murdochs will ask Ailes to resign or face dismissal in wake of high-profile lawsuit filed by anchor Gretchen Carlson
Rupert Murdoch is reportedly preparing to fire Fox News chairperson and chief executive Roger Ailes following allegations that they axed one of the station's star anchors after they refused to have sex with him.
Murdoch, and their sons James and Lachlan, are said to have decided that Ailes, one of the most powerful executives in US media, should be dropped from the station they helped found 20 years ago, which has grown into one of the most profitable news brands in the world.
Gretchen Carlson's lawyer: 'deluge' of women have complaints about Ailes Read more
New York magazine quoted several unnamed sources claiming the Murdochs, who run Fox's parent company, 21st Century Fox, have made the decision to part ways with Ailes and they could be removed with days. In a statement, 21st Century Fox said: “This matter is not yet resolved and the review is not concluded.” The company refused to answer any further questions about the situation.
Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) BREAKING: The Murdochs have decided to remove Roger Ailes, possibly within days. My latest: https://t.co/0hP9G6fUIf
The New York magazine report, written by Ailes's biographer Gabriel Sherman, said the Murdochs decided to remove Ailes, 76 and a former adviser to presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, after reviewing a preliminary investigation into the sexual harassment allegations.
Sherman claimed that James Murdoch, 21st Century Fox's chief executive, thought that Ailes should be asked to resign or be fired this week, while Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch, the company's co-chairpeople, believed no action should be taken until after the Republican national convention, currently under way in Cleveland, Ohio.
Ailes is being sued by Gretchen Carlson, a former Fox News host, over allegations that they were fired after refusing to have sex with him. Carlson claims their contract was terminated on 23 June, after 11 years at the network, after they rebuffed sexual advances from Ailes and complained about widespread discrimination in the newsroom.
During a meeting with Ailes to discuss Carlson's concerns about “severe and pervasive sexual harassment”, they allegedly told her: “You and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago, and then you'd be good and better and I'd be good and better.” They allegedly went on to say: “Sometimes problems are easier to solve that way.”
Carlson, 50, a former Miss America, claimed in their lawsuit that after they rejected Ailes's advances, they retaliated by cutting their pay and then firing them
“Although this was a difficult step to take, I had to stand up for myself and speak out for all women and the next generation of women in the workplace,” they said in the lawsuit.
Ailes denies the allegations and said in a statement at the time: “This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive, it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously.” They said Carlson was let go because “her disappointingly low ratings were dragging down the afternoon line-up”.
Following the publicity surrounding the lawsuit, several other women have also accused Ailes of sexual harassment. The law firm Paul, Weiss has reportedly been hired to carry out a wide-ranging investigation into the sexual harassment allegations and further concerns about Ailes's management style. New York magazine said interviews were being conducted in Paul, Weiss offices due to concerns that Fox offices may be bugged. A spokesperson for the law firm declined to comment.
Part of the haul after 12 arrested in bike theft ring in Hoboken (credit: Al Jones/1010 WINS)
HOBOKEN, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Twelve suspected bike thieves are under arrest in Hoboken.
Police said they rounded up the group at two locations Monday night.
Five suspects were caught trying to steal bikes from a parking garage on Clinton Street, police said. One of the suspects had bolt cutters used to cut bike chains and another was carrying stolen credit cards, police said.
While checking the surrounding area, police found a second group trying to steal bikes at Third and Garden streets.
Outstanding work @HobokenPD 12 arrests for burglary/bike thefts last night. Put a stop to 2 adults/10 juvs who came to victimize our city. — Chief Ken Ferrante (@KenFerrante) August 9, 2016
A detective sustained significant injuries after they were pushed into an oncoming car during a struggle with one of the suspects, police said. The officer is now on leave.
Another officer was treated for minor cuts they sustained while chasing two other suspects.
Special recognition to P.O. Straten and Det.@absolutesquire Gonzalez who were injured. Gonzalez was pushed into moving car injuring their leg. — Chief Ken Ferrante (@KenFerrante) August 9, 2016
Hoboken Police Captain Charles Campbell said bicycle thefts have been plaguing Hoboken and surrounding communities.
“We're getting hit pretty bad,” Campbell told 1010 WINS.
They call it a crime of opportunity.
“The only way to cease it is the community has to help the police,” Campbell said. “The community has to help us out by target hardening, which means you can't leave your $200, $300, $1,000 bike secured to a fence outside your house. It's not secure.”
The suspects face several charges including burglary, criminal mischief, resisting arrest, and aggravated assault.
Ten suspects are between the ages of 13 and 17.
Two other suspects, 20-year old Jose Gomez of Union City and 21-year old Jorge Monroy of West New York, were released on summonses and given court appearance dates.
First of all, accept the fact that if you're not familiar with programming already, learning JavaScript (really learning it, not just learning how to use other people's plugins) will take some time, and that's okay. Start out by doing some of the tutorials on the internet. I would suggest checking out Code Academy and Code School. Khan Academy also has a wide range of JavaScript tutorials ranging from intermediate to advance that you could continue to refer back to as you continue your coding journey.
After you go through a bunch of the tutorials, the next step is trying to make something on your own, without the training wheels of the tutorials. I caution people who are starting out with JavaScript, not to start out too big of a project at first, but instead start doing a bunch of smaller projects first like a Dungeons and Dragons dice roller (seriously, this is like one of the first programming exercise I do when learning a new language). Believe me, I know it's tempting to make some large project you always dreamed of, but you'll find it's easier to get more done than if you tackle a large project that might be too big for you to handle yet. A valuable resource when you want to look up something is MDN's JavaScript documentation and tutorials and also Stack Overflow. Chances are if you have a question about something, someone on Stack Overflow has already answered that question
Another resource I would suggest is various Code Challenge sites (Coderbyte and CodeEval). These exercises help you figure out how to solve problems like a programmer, and they both have a lot of "Easy" challenges you can start with. Also they give you ideas for simple projects that you can work on if you're not sure what you want to do.
When you're pretty familiar with JavaScript as a language - that's when I would start exploring JavaScript frameworks. The JavaScript path on Code School has a lot of different tutorials for various frameworks. I would play through the different tutorials, figure out which one you like, and then make some projects using that language.
Lastly, if you can find someone who knows JavaScript/Programming who is there to help mentor you, that helps a lot too. Code Newbie has some great resources for beginner programmers including forums, links to tutorials, and their Slack channel has a lot of experienced devs who are willing to help beginner programmers with whatever questions they might have.
If you don't want to go with the self learning route, you could also sign up for a bootcamp Before spending your money (and sometimes these bootcamps are a lot of money), research the bootcamp to see if that is the right option for you, works with your schedule, and what other people have said about the bootcamp. Not all bootcamps are the same, and help more than others.
Okay, this is so cool: Dame Shirley Bassey will be performing “Goldfinger” on the Oscars. For some reason, she's never been on the Academy Awards show. But this is part of the James Bond 50th anniversary tribute.
Bassey will join Adele, who will sing their James Bond theme, “Skyfall,” the fourth Bond song ever nominated for an Oscar and possibly the first to win the prize . I mean, come on, this plus Barbra Streisand, the movie musicals tribute– it's going to be a great night. Adele, Barbra, Shirley–a diva trifecta!
“We are thrilled to welcome the legendary Dame Shirley Bassey to our Oscar show,” Oscar producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron said in a statement. “Her association with film music is world renowned and we are proud that they will be making their first Oscar appearance on our telecast.”
Who's next? Paul McCartney? Carly Simon? Sheena Easton? Rita Coolidge? Duran Duran?
Meantime, Walter Ross has been announced as the conducted of the Oscar orchestra. And you know Rob Ashford is doing choreography. Announced presenters include Meryl Streep, Jean DuJardin, Octavia Spencer, Christopher Plummer, the cast of “The Avengers” and Daniel Radcliffe. Of course, Seth MacFarlane is hosting.
I hope the Oscar show is four hours long and comes with a pillow, blanket, and snacks. Why not? This is shaping up as the all-time Oscar blow out. There are so many great announcements from the Academy, I keep expecting one that the show will be in 3D.
PS Bassey could also sing “Diamonds Are Forever.” Wowza!
We are continuing our learn JavaScript series with the 6th edition. This time the motto is: learn NodeJS! After some general JavaScript tips for beginners, a 7-item master JavaScript edition, the battle of React vs Angular 2 and learning about getting started with AngularJS + Angular2 + ReactJS we are turning our heads towards Node. The following list contains only awesome sites to help you learn NodeJS. Start to scroll!
image source
Learn JavaScript Series: 4 Great Resources to Learn NodeJS #javascript #frontend #nodejs Click To Tweet
Felix's Node.js Guide
Felix Geisendörfer decided to use some of their recent vacation to start this opinionated and unofficial guide to help people getting started in Node.js. Great resource.
The Node Beginner Book
A comprehensive Node.js tutorial. The aim of Manuel Kiessling's book is to get you started with developing applications for Node.js, teaching you everything you need to know about advanced JavaScript along the way on 59 pages.
Are you a front-end developer or a web designer? This tool will save you hours and make your workflow easier
HowToNode.org is a community supported blog created by Tim Caswell. The purpose of the blog is to teach how to do various tasks in node.js as well as teach fundamental concepts that are needed to write effective code.
NodeSchool
Open source workshops that teach web software skills. Do them on your own or at a workshop nearby. Awesome stuff.
Do you happen to know some good ways to learn NodeJS? Share with us in the comments.
The makers of DebugMe hope that you like this post and would love it if you follow us on Twitter. We are tweeting about web design, UI/UX and development related topics multiple times a day. DebugMe is an issue tracking, project management and screenshot tool for every website project. Get visual feedback right away and solve front-end problems faster. Try it now for free.
Project Jigsaw: Late for the train
The aim of Project Jigsaw is to design and implement a standard module system for the Java SE Platform, and to apply that system to the Platform itself and to the JDK.
Jigsaw is currently slated for Java 8. The proposed development schedule for Java 8 expects work on major features to be finished by May 2013, in preparation for a final release around September. Steady progress is being made, but some significant technical challenges remain. There is, more importantly, not enough time left for the broad evaluation, review, and feedback which such a profound change to the Platform demands.
I therefore propose to defer Project Jigsaw to the next release, Java 9. In order to increase the predictability of all future Java SE releases, I further propose to aim explicitly for a regular two-year release cycle going forward.
Goals A standard module system for the Java Platform will ease the construction, maintenance, and distribution of large applications, at last allowing developers to escape the “JAR hell” of the brittle and error-prone class-path mechanism. A truly modular Java Platform will support customizable configurations which scale from large servers down to small embedded devices and, in the long term, enable the convergence of Java SE with the higher-end Java ME Platforms. Modular applications built on top of a modular platform can be downloaded more quickly, and the run-time performance of the code they contain can be optimized more effectively.
Progress Initial work toward these goals has been underway in Project Jigsaw in the OpenJDK Community for some time. Guided by a draft requirements document written in collaboration with key stakeholders we've thus far produced an initial design for a module system, used that to modularize the JDK, and published an open-source prototype implementation which anyone can download and evaluate.
Despite this progress, some significant technical challenges lay ahead. Modularizing the Java SE Platform and the JDK while maintaining compatibility for existing code is an incredibly delicate task which requires careful changes throughout both the specification and the implementation. We have, moreover, yet to design and prototype an approach to supporting containers such as IDEs, Java EE application servers, and applet containers, all of which require some amount of reflective dynamism. We're reasonably confident that we can work through these issues, but doing so will most likely take us past May 2013.
Bake time Above and beyond any specific technical problems, the introduction of a truly modular Java Platform is a momentous transition which will, eventually, affect the entire Java ecosystem. It will change the way that the Java Platform itself is deployed, and it will change the way that developers build and deploy libraries, frameworks, tools, and applications.
We must therefore allow adequate time for broad review, testing, and feedback from all segments of the community on both the design and the implementation via Project Jigsaw, via the Java SE 8 Platform JSR (337), and, primarily, via a forthcoming JSR to define a standard Java Platform Module System. We should not try to rush to complete, in less than ten months, such a deep change with such wide impact.
At this point, then, the options available are achingly familiar: Either delay Java 8 until Jigsaw is complete, most likely slipping its final release to mid-2014, or else ship Java 8 on time, around September 2013, and defer Jigsaw to Java 9.
Schedule vs. features To put the stark choice before us in another way, and more generally: When a train is scheduled to leave the station should we hold it until all the expected passengers are on board? Or should we raise the ball, let the train go, and tell anyone who's late to wait for the next one, which will also depart precisely as scheduled?
In all the years I've worked on Java I've heard repeatedly that developers, partners, and customers strongly prefer a regular and predictable release cycle. Developers want rapid innovation while enterprises want stability, and a cadence of about two years seems to strike the right balance. It's therefore saner for all involved — those working on new features, and those who want to use the new features — to structure the development process as a continuous pipeline of innovation that's only loosely coupled to the actual release process, which itself has a constant rhythm. If a major feature misses its intended release train then that's unfortunate but it's not the end of the world: It will be on the next train, which will also leave at a predictable time.
Keep the beat In this light I think the best choice is to defer Project Jigsaw to Java 9, and to aim for a two-year release cycle going forward.
On this plan Java 8 will ship on time, around September 2013. Assuming all else goes well it will include the widely-anticipated Project Lambda (JSR 335), the new Date/Time API (JSR 310), Type Annotations (JSR 308), and a selection of the smaller features already in progress. Java 9 will follow two years later, around September 2015, with Jigsaw and, no doubt, various other features yet to be determined. Work on Jigsaw will, in the meantime, proceed at full speed.
Deferring Project Jigsaw to 2015 is by no means a pleasant decision. It does, however, appear to be the best available option. I have therefore today asked the Java SE 8 (JSR 337) Expert Group to consider it.
Image copyright ALAN SIMPSON
A man who was killed when a tree landed on their tent in Edinburgh was homeless, police have said.
The 45-year-old was camping in woodland on the south bank of the Water of Leith, accessed from Miller Row, when the tree feel at about 03:30 on Saturday.
The man, originally from the Glasgow, was pronounced dead at the scene.
A 35-year-old man, who was also in the tent, suffered minor injuries.
Police Scotland said forestry experts believed the tree fell as a result of "natural occurrences".
Insp Neill Whiteside said: "This appears to be a tragic set of circumstances which have led to a man losing their lives, and their next of kin have now been informed."
A report has been submitted to the procurator fiscal.
Brooklyn, NY – On That's Hip Hop, their new project in collaboration with producer Domingo, Joell Ortiz felt the need to address their city's Rap status on the song “Reppin N.Y.”
“New York is scattered, man, in my opinion,” the Brooklyn, New York rapper says during an exclusive interview with HipHopDX. “When you're trying to become a Hip Hop artist or an artist in general and you don't know the business yet, the first thing you associate success with is the radio. ‘How do I get on the radio? How do I get people to hear my music when they're in their car?' That's the win. That's worth more than money. It's like, ‘Yo. You hear that? I'm on the radio.'
“So the kids that are coming up now in New York are tuned into the radio, just like they've always been,” they continue. “But what radio is playing now is not, and I'm speaking in New York, is not that traditional New York sound. They're playing Southern records. They're playing Trap music. They're playing more so commercial music only and it's transforming aspiring artists into that because when you say to yourself, ‘Yo. I want to get on the radio,' and you turn on the radio you kind of imitate what they play because it gives you the best shot.”
The bent of commercial radio has a major affect on aspiring emcees from New York, Joell Ortiz says. In fact, the former Aftermath Entertainment recording artist says that it negatively impacts their artistic development.
“These kids, they're not getting a fair chance in my opinion to figure out who they are,” Joell Ortiz says. “They're becoming what they think they need to be. Radio used to be so much more diverse when I was coming up as a young kid, even in my early teens. It was spread out. It was hard stuff, R&B stuff. You could be inspired by so many different [types] music and come into your own. It's really one-sided right now. You have New York kids rhyming with Southern accents that don't really exist. It's amazing to me and I understand it, so I don't blame the kids.
“I see all these slogans to ‘Bring New York back,'” the Slaughterhouse rapper adds. “New York has never left. New York radio needs to support more New York-sounding artists. We've always been known for lyricism and having hard records. That's what I do. That's what I love to do. I can't change that. It's what I am. I'm not looking to change that. I stay true to myself and I stay relevant because of that because there's always and audience that feels like, ‘Man. That's pure. That what I came up to.'”
Joell Ortiz: “I Don't Think Hip Hop Music Has A Color Or An Ethnicity”
Joell Ortiz addresses the various challenges he's faced as an artist and person on “The Word,” the first track on That's Hip Hop. One topic they bring up again is being respected in Rap circles as a Puerto Rican.
“That wall, believe it or not, it's still there,” they say. “I recently did a feature with an artist. I won't say who. I'm sure when they said this, it was harmless ‘cause they said it laughing, but they were like, ‘Man. You know I had to reach out to the nicest Puerto Rican.' I was like, ‘Wow. It's still there.' They felt the need to reach out to me because my presence on the record will bring them to the Latin audience. I love who I am, but I don't think Hip Hop music has a color or an ethnicity. It's just a message and my message is pretty-much the same message as any person of any color that came up poverty-stricken and rapped their way out of it. So my whole career has been a battle. Forget about going one-on-one, face-to-face with a Battle Rapper. My career in its entirety has been a battle trying to get a record deal and get past the weight issue, get past the issue of them just seeing me as a Puerto Rican rapper. It's been uphill.
“I just felt the need to put that at the top of this project,” Joell Ortiz adds, “because this project is called That's Hip Hop and that's all I ever wanted anyone to think about when they thought about me, a good Hip Hop artist.”
This is how the Jewish state, which so many Israelis want to preserve at any price, looks: An armed guard at the entrance to the hospital checking bags.  They are not really looking for explosive devices. This week is a holiday and they are looking for something else. The armed guard is looking for chametz, leavened foods forbidden on Passover.
 They are checking every food item brought into the hospital, and they are the arbiter of Jewish law, the kashrut supervisor. It is forbidden to bring in anything that they suspect is treyf, not kosher. If there is a doubt, there is no doubt – and it's banned. If it is not kosher for Passover – back home it goes, or into the garbage.
Our guard is a great guy, friendly, and now they are a theological authority. As if the 10,000 kashrut supervisors on normal days were not enough in the Jewish democratic state (which has only a thousandth as many construction-site safety inspectors) – now the security guards and those who search your bags have been added as soldiers in the army of God. The government invades not just bags, but also the stomach.
The year is 2017, but the situation is medieval. Israel can brag all it wants about being the only democracy in the Middle East or being gay-friendly. The truth is, it is backward. It is coercive. It is becoming darker and grimmer. Ominous clouds are covering the skies. No other nation in the world searches bags to find forbidden foods, except possibly Iran. The problem is that the chametz police are much more Israeli than Mobileye; the chametz guard is much more Israeli than Amos Oz.
This is what was written at the entrance to hospitals: “This place has been made kosher for Passover according to religious law. You are requested not to bring in chametz food during the entire holiday. It is allowed to bring in fruits and vegetables and closed items with kosher for Passover certification.” It was signed by the hospital rabbi, the head of the religious services department and the management.
Let's forget about the enforced kashrut in all hospital kitchens, which we should have rebelled against years ago. Now, bringing in leftovers from the Passover seder without a kashrut stamp is also prohibited. The religious have the right to observe their kashrut. The nonreligious have the right to eat as they please, and this obvious point is considered subversive in Israel.
In other words, no Israeli has the right to eat as they please while hospitalized, or while in any other public institution. The fact that at least a fifth of the patients are Arabs, as are a significant part of the medical staff, and many more are non-Jews or just plain nonreligious, doesn't interest anyone. Let them eat matza and choke. They don't have to eat anything at all. Thousands of Palestinian prisoners eat matza for up to two months after Passover to finish off the production overruns, so Arab patients can abstain from bread for a week. You wanted a Jewish state, you got it. You didn't want it, that's your problem.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Israelis accept this situation as a decree from heaven. Almost no one protests. That's the way it is in an anaesthetized society. The fact that all this is happening on a holiday that for some reason is called the festival of freedom only adds a grotesque dimension to a situation that is anything but funny. What's happening on the ground is even less funny: People are smuggling in food to the hospital. A chicken leg in the pocket; gefilte fish in the jacket; hummus, French fries and salad inside the double bottom of the shower kit. This week I smuggled in a quarter-chicken wrapped in pajama bottoms. For some patients, home-cooked food is their consolation.
You might say: So what, it's only one week a year. You can say: What's so terrible, it's only food. And what about tradition? But it is not just a week and it's much worse than it seems. While Israel takes pride in its enlightenment, it does not even sense how it is sliding down the slope into darkness. Yes, a country that acts this way is in darkness. You do not pass on tradition via security guards.
When one day Israel is a bit more democratic and a bit less Jewish, inshallah, everyone will be able to eat what they want, where they want. Does that sound unrealistic? In Israel 2017, it would be utopia.
Electronic Arts has laid out its plans for upcoming content in Star Wars Battlefront, from free new maps to more info about the season pass. Head in for the full details.
The Expansion packs (covered in the season pass) add the Bespin and Death Star locations, but the specific heroes (Lobot?!), maps, and modes outlined in the pass have not been detailed.
Tomorrow:
The Tatooine Survival map (called Raider Camp) will support Blast, Droid Run, Drop Zone, Hero Hunt, and Heroes vs. Villains modes
Hoth outfits for Luke and Han (previously unlocked upon completion of the Heroes' Holiday community mission)
The ability to create private matches
Daily Challenges and Community Events
General weapon and mode balancing tweaks.
February:
Survival mission on Hoth (map not disclosed)
New Hoth multiplayer map supporting Walker Assault, Supremacy, Fighter Squadron, and Turning Point.
Turning Point mode available on all maps that currently support Walker Assault and Supremacy.
March:
New Endor multiplayer map supporting Walker Assault, Supremacy, and Turning Point.
Tatooine Survival map.
Here are the expansion packs in the Season Pass (text from EA):
Star Wars Battlefront Outer Rim (March 2016) – Fight among the factories of Sullust and battle within Jabba the Hutt's palace on Tatooine
Star Wars Battlefront Bespin (Summer 2016) – It's hunt or be hunted in this action-packed experience set in the Cloud City of Bespin
Star Wars Battlefront Death Star (Fall 2016) – That's no moon! One of the most iconic locations in the Star Wars universe makes its debut in Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront Expansion Pack 4 – Title TBA (Early 2017)
Our Take
It's good to know that the season pass' new maps will take place at new locations and not just be on the same planets we've already been playing, but I assume that Cloud City and the Death Star are too small to accommodate the large-scale modes like Walker Assault, etc. Speaking of assumptions, I would have to think the upcoming private matches will be filled with bots as well.
Andrew Daulton Lee (born 1952) is an American drug dealer and former agent who was convicted of espionage for their involvement in the spying activities of their childhood friend, Christopher Boyce.[1]
Lee was the adopted eldest son of Dr. Daulton Lee, a wealthy California physician. Their lifelong friendship with Boyce led them into espionage activities after Boyce, a code clerk employed with the large US defense contractor, TRW (headquartered in the Los Angeles community of Redondo Beach), began stealing classified documents detailing how to decrypt secure US government message traffic and detailed specifications of the latest US spy satellites with the intention of delivering them to agents of the Soviet Union. With Boyce's stolen documents, Lee traveled to Mexico City, where they delivered them to Soviet embassy officials. Lee often also would use these trips as an opportunity to engage in drug deals when not working on espionage. A common tactic of Lee's drug smuggling was to learn of airline routes, where they would fly from Mexico to the United States, hiding the drugs inside a compartment of the plane (mainly the airline restroom), purchasing a ticket to whichever destination the same airplane was scheduled, then recapturing the drug stash after disembarking at the new destination.
Lee and Boyce made an agreement to evenly split the profits from the espionage ring. Boyce had used their share mainly for their personal use. Lee used their split of the profits to further their drug business, purchasing more expensive drugs, such as heroin, and being able to gain tremendous profits by selling the expensive, hard-to-obtain drugs in the United States. At one meeting with their Soviet handlers, Lee proposed that they assist them in their drug trade by transporting cocaine from Peru to the Soviet embassy in Mexico under diplomatic seal. At points when Boyce was doubting the effectiveness of their espionage, Lee had convinced them that the spy ring should expand. Lee had proposed adding their younger brother as an alternate courier, as well as recruiting a friend who was a US Navy sailor aboard an aircraft carrier, and having a fellow drug dealer be brought into the spy ring to sell the same intelligence reports to other foreign nations, namely China. Lee did indeed (behind Boyce's back) make copies of the reports with the intention of selling them to the Chinese.
In January 1977, Lee (with top secret microfilm in their possession) was arrested by Mexican police in front of the Soviet embassy in Mexico City for littering[2]. Under torture they confessed instead to espionage, quickly implicating Boyce in the scheme. Lee was returned to the United States, where they were convicted of espionage. They were sentenced to life in prison and moved to the federal penitentiary in Lompoc, California. Boyce received a sentence of 40 years. Lee's heavier sentence for the same offense was likely due to their prior criminal record and admitted drug trafficking. While imprisoned, Lee lost access to drugs and had no choice but to sober up from their drug addictions. After a period of withdrawal, Lee ended their drug dependency. When Boyce escaped from prison in 1980, Lee was immediately remanded to another facility in Terre Haute, Indiana, a move that caused the end of their friendship.
Lee was portrayed by actor Sean Penn in director John Schlesinger's 1985 movie The Falcon and the Snowman, based on the book of the same name by Robert Lindsey. Lee's drug-dealing earned them the nickname "The Snowman," while Boyce's interest in falconry won them their own sobriquet. Boyce was played in the film by actor Timothy Hutton.
Lee was released on parole in 1998. Kathleen Mills, an activist who had worked towards earning Lee's parole, turned their attention towards the release of Boyce following Lee's freedom and eventually married Boyce. After their release, Lee was briefly hired by Sean Penn to be Penn's personal assistant.[3][4]
Further reading [ edit ]
Robert Lindsey, The Falcon and the Snowman: A True Story of Friendship and Espionage , Lyons Press, 1979, ISBN 1-58574-502-2
, Lyons Press, 1979, ISBN 1-58574-502-2 Christopher Boyce, Cait Boyce, Vince Font, American Sons: The Untold Story of the Falcon and the Snowman, 2013, ISBN 978-0-9915342-1-0
Actor Yaphet Kotto who starred in the film Live and Let Die alongside Roger Moore and who also starred in the film Alien has opened up about having a lifetime of experiences with UFOs and alien visits.
Actor Claims To Have Seen UFOs That Blocked Out The Sky
The actor played Parker in the Alien film and admitted during an interview that they had their first ever encounter with an alien when they were growing up in New York. They went on to say that they have seen UFOs that were so big that they blocked out the whole of the sky and that they have seen aliens who had elongated heads and who were over six feet tall.
Kotto went on to say that they did not really care what people thought and whether people think that they are delusional. They also said that aliens who have been in contact with them are going to be making themselves known during this century.
Kotto said they do not have mental health issues and that they have an IQ of 196
Kotto has also starred alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in the film, the Running Man, and they talked about their interactions with aliens and UFOs during an interview with Vice. The actor said that the only people before the interview that they have talked to about the experiences they had with alien life forms had been their wife, a psychologist, and rabbi.
There has been plenty of speculation from conspiracy theorists and others about aliens and UFOs, but up to now, scientists have not discovered any proof that aliens exist or of UFOs.
Actor Thinks They May Have Been Abducted By Aliens
The actor went on to say that they had spent a lot of years being too afraid to turn off the lights in their bedroom following their first sighting of an alien. They had also admitted to wondering if they have been abducted by an alien before as they said they often suffer from periods of lost time.
Kotto admitted that they became a Ufologist not long after they filmed the movie Alien and went on to say that in a way the film had helped them in coming to terms with the alien experiences that they had been experiencing in their life. Kotto went on to say that the experiences were not going to just disappear and that they thought aliens were going to reveal themselves in this century to people. The actor said that Paul Hellyer, the Canadian defense minister backed up their claims about aliens, Hellyer had previously opened up and spoke publicly about the fact that they believe in aliens. Kotto said they do not have mental health issues and that they have an IQ of 196.
Image zoom Erin Jang
We've all seen commercials like this: A child makes a mess, and Dad has no idea how to clean it up. Good thing Mom is in the next room! They bring order to the disarray and delivers a message in the process: “Ads often convey the idea that women are inherently better at household chores than men,” says Erica Scharrer, a professor of communication at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Back in 2004, Scharrer studied the commercials that aired over the course of one week on prime-time TV shows. Of 477 characters depicted completing chores, 305 were women and 159 were men. Of the male characters, 50 percent were portrayed as comically inept. By contrast, more than 90 percent of the female characters were portrayed as competent.
These types of ads have pervaded the airwaves for so long, they have penetrated our subconscious—which may be the reason, in part, why approximately one in three married women in our survey said they were uncomfortable delegating household chores to their spouses. One of the main reasons the women gave: that their husbands wouldn't do the chores the way the women wanted them done. In fact, 45 percent of women with spouses who have identical (or higher) household standards felt very uncomfortable delegating organizing or decluttering jobs. Why? Organizing requires management skills and may give women a sense of authority they may be reluctant to relinquish,” says Melissa Milkie, a professor of sociology at the University of Maryland, in College Park.
If commercials promote the notion that the wife “knows best” when it comes to home upkeep, then decorating-themed TV shows make it a point of pride. On the DIY Network and HGTV, home maintenance is characterized as a creative and empowering endeavor. The programming is a double-edged sword, warns Michelle Janning, a research fellow with the Council on Contemporary Families and an associate professor of sociology at Whitman College, in Walla Walla, Washington. Women may feel excited by decorating and cleaning, but it still siphons their time and energy away from other activities, they say.
Of course, the idea that women rule the home isn't a new one. It has always been a place where we can generally set our own standards, a “sphere in which some women who have been denied power in other parts of their life have been able to obtain and maintain power,” says Susan Strasser, the Richards Professor of American History at the University of Delaware, in Newark, and the author of Never Done: A History of American Housework ($12.50, amazon.com). And for many there's something intrinsically appealing about tidying up. “The kind of work that goes on in a household has a concreteness that some women relish,” says Strasser.
Perhaps that's why we rush out to buy a new mop when we see a woman on TV smiling down at their sparkling floor. They look so satisfied. If only our husbands could see the appeal.
More on Women and Time
The Milwaukee Brewers made a surprising selection in the 2017 MLB First-Year Player Draft. After being connected to prep hitters all spring, the Brewers selected injured UC Irvine second baseman Keston Hiura with the ninth overall pick in the 2017 MLB Draft.
Hiura is a legitimate college bat, but an elbow injury has limited them to DH duties all spring. In mid-January, they underwent a platelet-rich plasma treatment to try to avoid a longer recovery of their injured elbow. But, they will potentially need Tommy John surgery in the future.
Hiura is one of the top college bats in the draft, making consistent, hard contact regularly. They hit .442 with eight home runs and 42 RBIs in 56 games this spring.
In their first two seasons at UCI, Hiura played third base and centerfield. But, scouts envision Hiura as a second baseman in the pros.
The signing bonus slot value for the No. 9 overall pick is $4,570,000. The Brewers have the sixth-highest draft bonus pool at $10,447,700.
Read my feature articles on Keston Hiura here:
—Keston Hiura battles through elbow injury
Find more MLB Draft coverage here.
READ: 2017 MLB Draft: Profiles on top prospects
READ: The3rdManIn.com's MLB Draft prospect history
An awful Sunday was followed by an even worse Tuesday for Dallas Thomas and Billy Turner.
The Dolphins cut them both after a nightmare game for their offensive line.
And in doing so, the Dolphins acknowledged that they made mistakes in the third round of the NFL Draft in both 2013 and '14.
So who will replace them?
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Sam Young, for one. The veteran tackle re-signed with the team after being cut during training camp.
Those weren't the only moves Tuesday. The Dolphins also cut little-used running back Isaiah Pead, one of five backs on their roster. And they brought back corner Chimdi Chekwa, who was with the team in training camp.
Plus they waived guard Jamil Douglas from their practice squad; Douglas was a fourth-round pick in 2015 who started six games last season.
Here's why coach Adam Gase felt the need to blow up their offensive line:
It gave up six sacks and, according to Gase, three more quarterback hits against the Titans in Sunday's loss.
One play was particularly bad:
Ryan Tannehill was barely into the third step of their drop-back when a Titans defender blasted him.
“When you hit your back foot and you get sacked, there's not much you can do about it,” Gase said.
Said one of Tannehill's teammates on Monday: “Can they play better? Sure. But come on. How can you evaluate him?”
That has been Gase's argument all along.
“Everybody is [saying], ‘Is they going to have mistakes?' Yes, that last interception,” Gase said. “I told them before they went out there, I was like, ‘When I call this play, you're going to have to fit it in.' They try to fit it in and they get jacked to the point where I thought they were going to get their rotator cuff blown out and their knee blown out. And then everybody gets [mad] at him.”
That's why analytic websites such as Football Outsiders, which lists them as one of the league's three worst quarterbacks, don't tell the whole story.
It's not excuse-making to point out that Tannehill has faced pressure on a league-high 43.4 percent of their drop-backs, according to Pro Football Focus.
Ryan Tannehill has faced pressure on 43.4% of dropbacks so far, most in the NFL.
The least pressured QB? Drew Brees. 19% of dropbacks. — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) October 11, 2016
And it's not excuse-making to mention that Tannehill was without their starting left tackle because they lost 12 pounds while dealing with an illness and their starting left guard because they slipped in the shower before the game and injured their ankle.
Fortunately for Tannehill, Branden Albert is feeling much better. Albert expects to practice Wednesday and although they probably won't be able to gain the lost weight back during the season, they see no reason why they won't play this Sunday against the Steelers.
“Last Tuesday, I just woke up in the morning and just wasn't right,” Albert said. “I could barely get out of bed. I had a fever. I didn't know what was going on. I just had a bad stomach virus.
“I usually don't get sick. When I get sick, I get sick. I got sick.”
Albert did say that their illness was a “blessing,” because it allowed them to shed some excess weight that was slowing them down.
Their take on the offensive line's struggles Sunday?
“If your starting left tackle and your starting left guard are playing the game, I don't think he'd get hit as much,” they said. “I commend Billy [Turner] and Dallas [Thomas] for getting put in that situation [Sunday] and they did the best they could. Billy is not a left tackle and still was in the game for most of the part of the game. But I don't think when you've got your front-runners blocking for your quarterback, I don't think they take a beating like that.”
Although Albert appears good to go this week, Laremy Tunsil is an unknown.
The rookie left guard is not on crutches after their shower accident, Gase said Monday, but their availability is a “day-to-day,” if not “week-to-week” situation.
Tunsil did feel better Monday than they did the day before, and the Dolphins will continue to monitor them throughout the week.
“I'm sure it's a cross between embarrassment and, ‘Really, I'm missing a game because of this?' They know them being out there makes us better,” Gase said. “He's a competitor and they know we count on them being healthy and being a part of our offense.”
The task gets no easier with the 4-1 Steelers coming to town. The Dolphins are already off to their worst start since 2011, and are nine-point home underdogs on Sunday.
“I've been in terrible situations like this before,” right guard Jermon Bushrod said. “The only way you can go is up. You can deal with it like a man or crumble under the pressure. We all have to be better.”
This month, in conjunction with ShapeShift (https://shapeshift.io/), we welcome the founders of Trippki (http://trippki.com) to Coinscrum {Social}.
Trippki (http://trippki.com) is a new hotel booking platform, creating a better relationship between customers and suppliers through its decentralised rewards protocol, TRIP.
Trippki (http://trippki.com) enables hotels to reduce their channel costs, increase their digital presence and reach new customers.
At the heart of Trippki (http://trippki.com) is a blockchain smart contract system that manages payment and the distribution of TRIP tokens, offering real transferrable value.
The team has deep experience in both the hotel and cryptocurrency space. Come along to their launch and enjoy a drink (on them!) and meet the team.
https://twitter.com/trippki_
Please note: We welcome all of our innovative founders to share their ideas at Coinscrum.
However, their presentations do not infer any kind of endorsement by Coinscrum's organisers of any possible investment opportunity in any related ICO (Initial Coin Offering).
Crypto-tokens are a high risk investment and you should always carry out your own thorough research and due diligence before deciding whether or not to invest yourself.
----------------------
With special thanks to our sponsors for the evening
ShapeShift is the fastest and safest digital asset exchange in the world. From start to finish, users can exchange blockchain tokens in seconds, with no account required. The firm pioneered the concept of “Consumer Protection by Design,” enabling web and API-based trading without counterparty risk.
See more at: https://shapeshift.io (https://shapeshift.io/)
----------------------
Follow us @coinscrum (https://twitter.com/coinscrum)
Is it okay to kill? I don't mean a bug in your house, a snake in your garage, or a deer in the woods. Deer tastes good; you may not know if that snake in your garage is poisonous; and bugs are home invaders.
I mean is it okay to kill a man, a human being, a person? Again, I don't mean someone trying to kill you, rob your business, rape your wife, harm your children, or break into your house. Killing someone might be perfectly justified in those circumstances if it involves defense against aggression.
Specifically, is it okay to kill someone who has not threatened or committed violence or aggression against you, your family, your friends, your neighborhood, anyone you know, or any American you don't know?
No? Then –
What if they are not an American?
What if they live thousands of miles away from America?
What if they adhere to a religion that is different from that of most Americans?
What if they are a darker color than most Americans?
What if they speak a language that most Americans don't understand?
What if they have habits that seem peculiar to most Americans?
What if they hold to a political ideology that doesn't resemble America's?
What if they smell different than most Americans?
Does someone having one or more of these characteristics alone mean it is okay to kill him?
Another no? Then –
What if the U.S. government says they are a terrorist?
What if the U.S. government says they are an insurgent?
What if the U.S. government says they are a communist?
What if the U.S. government says they are an extremist?
What if the U.S. government says they are a potential threat?
What if the U.S. government says they hate our freedoms?
What if the U.S. government says they are the enemy?
What if the U.S. government says they are a bad guy?
Does the U.S. government merely saying any of these things make it okay to kill him?
No again? Then –
What if the U.S. government says it is a matter of national security?
What if the U.S. government says it is in the national interest?
What if the U.S. government says it is of strategic concern?
What if the U.S. government says it has secret information that makes it necessary?
What if the U.S. government says it is part of the president's grand strategic vision?
What if the U.S. government says it is essential to maintain hegemony?
What if the U.S. government says it is just a part of fighting terrorism?
What if the U.S. government says it is important to foreign policy objectives?
Does the U.S. government merely saying any of these things make it okay to kill him?
Still no? Then –
What if the U.S. military gives you a nice uniform?
What if the U.S. military gives you a gun and ammunition?
What if the U.S. military pays for your college education?
What if the U.S. military provides you with free medical and dental care?
What if the U.S. military offers you citizenship in exchange for service?
What if the U.S. military gives you an enlistment bonus?
What if the U.S. military gives you generous combat pay?
What if the U.S. military assists you with repaying your student loans?
What if the U.S. military offers you liberal retirement benefits?
Does the U.S. military doing any of these things make it okay to kill him?
Of course not? Then –
Why are some so quick to make apologies for U.S. military personnel who kill for the state in unjust wars?
Why are some so quick to excuse U.S. military personnel who kill while not defending the United States?
Why are some so quick to justify U.S. military personnel who kill people thousands of miles away that are no threat to the United States?
Why are some so quick to defend U.S. military personnel who kill people that resent and resist being invaded, bombed, occupied, or “liberated”?
Why are some so quick to blame the government, the politicians, and the defense contractors and exempt the U.S. military personnel who do the actual killing?
For years now I have heard the excuses. But what are these apologists, excusers, justifiers, defenders, and exempters really saying?
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you can't find a job.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you can't make it in college.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are economically disadvantaged.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if your father was in the military.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are patriotic.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are ignorant.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are poor.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are uneducated.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you have no resources available.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you think you are doing the right thing.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you were raised to never question the military.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you were never taught otherwise.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you are just obeying orders.
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you think you are avenging 9/11?
It is okay to kill for the U.S. government in an unjust war if you think you are defending our freedoms.
I have been given every one of these excuses at least ten times. The first part of the excuse is generally omitted, but why should it be? Is not this exactly what people are saying?
None of this means that the despicable creatures in the U.S. government who send American boys to war, and the equally loathsome creatures outside of the U.S. government who cheer them on, are not to be condemned as well. But those aren't the people that are applauded in airports, called heroes, and thanked for their service.
But why is it that these excuses only seem to be valid for American soldiers? Why is it that soldiers from other countries aren't lauded as heroes for killing Americans if they offer up one of the excuses that are commonly used to justify killings carried out by American soldiers?
Some agree with everything I have said thus far, but think that if soldiers are draftees then it changes everything. I know this is the case because they write and tell me. I have written about the culpability of drafted soldiers in my article “Murder Is Still Murder.” But again, why is it that it is only drafted American soldiers who can kill with impunity? I don't think that apologists for draftees realize what they are saying. To excuse the actions of soldiers because they were drafted is to say that the state can somehow sanctify murder.
Although the U.S. military is looking for a few good men to unjustly kill for the state, it is not okay to kill, even if the military advertises itself as a global force for good.
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
It's hard to tell if Jamila Woods' solo debut HEAVN could have (or would have) been made without the renewed scrutiny of America's deeply entrenched racism that has crystallized in the aftermath of the August 2014 killing of Mike Brown by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson. As part of M&O—a duo formed with fellow Chicagoan Owen Hill—Woods released two full-length projects before the phrase “black lives matter” became a national argument, a hash tag, or a movement. The group's pair of self-released albums—The Joy (2012) and Almost Us (2014)—were softly adventurous mixes of acoustic soul, alternative pop, and folksy hip-hop that gamboled around the subjects of love, art, the art of love, and the love of art. A sample hook, from Chance the Rapper went: “Love won't you fall asleep in my arms/While I read you these poems/That I wrote you so long ago.”
M&O showcased many things: smart production, masterful arrangements, a willingness to follow melody and tune above and beyond genre or format. The music was all soft and tender, songs of unity with no anger; the type of songs that would feel like escapism at a time when the rhetoric churned from the mini-complexes of presidential candidates, pop stars, and social media micro celebrities alike was ever-sharpening and often unforgiving. But Woods—who in addition to being a vocalist serves as Associate Artistic Director of the non-profit youth organization Young Chicago Authors—has emerged as a proponent of social justice; the kind of voice that doesn't stay silent or shy away from the troubles of the world. And, on HEAVN they delve deep into the calamity of now and emerges with songs of freedom and meaning.
As with their previous work, Woods utilizes what's functional—clapping games, lullabies, Paula Cole, headlines, statistics—to make music that defies categorization but not meaning. The result is unmistakable: HEAVN is protest music that sounds like a children's playground. Every song here is resilient and steadfast without being angry and militant; almost each tune is a jingle. Produced largely by a coterie of ascendant Chicago stars—Peter Cottontale, oddCouple, Kweku Collins, Saba, and more—the tracks come off as if they've been cooked at a high temperature until all of the indignation has evaporated, leaving behind only hope and a rising strong vulnerability.
On “Blk Girl Soldier,” Woods champions freedom fighters, feminists, and writers as being “déjà vu of Tubman,” noting that even a young black girl “scares the government.” There are piercing claims and lamentations—“We go missing by the hundreds;” “They want us in kitchen/Kill our sons with lynchings/We get loud about it/Oh, now we're the bitches;” “Look at what they did to my sister/Last century, last week/They make them hate their own skin, treat them like a sin”—all presented without rancor or rage. The most defiant thing about the song is Woods' defiance of the baser emotions during such audacious level-headed truth-speaking. The theme is one of defense in the face of oppression, not vengeance. It's a “Black Lives Matter (Too)” treatise, not an “(Only) Black Lives Matter” one.
The messages are made easier by Wood's phrasing and voice—she's light on the heavy points, their vocals sweet even when delivering bitter truths. They present themselves as an introvert who'd wistfully “rather spend my days alone on my pillow” as opposed to someone railing against the injustice of the world. On “LSD” she's dedicated to their hometown in the face of inequity and coldness: “I will never leave you,” they sing. “I'm everything you made me/Even when you break me down.” Chance the Rapper's characteristically dense verse—with shots at Spike Lee, observations of violence, and notes of gentrification— accounted for, it's all of the sentiments of Kanye West's “Homecoming,” but with less bombast and self-mythology.
Even when she's singing about the personal and seemingly romantic, Wood's experience still seems to presented through the filter of their place in larger society. On “Lonely Lonely” they may be talking to a potential lover when they sing, “Don't take from me my quiet/Don't take from me my tears/Don't take from me me trials/Don't take from me my fears”—but they embody their full self as a woman in a world that wants its women to remain silent and its Blacks complacent as to never address the realities of patriarchy and white supremacy. On the title track, she's ready to for undying love, but links it their ancestors lost to the Middle Passage: “They're dancing in the deepest ocean/See? Not even death could stop them.”
Filled with personal memories, affirmations of self, and gazes of society's racial strife, HEAVN is a singular mix of clear-eyed optimism and Black girl magic. On the opener, “Bubbles,” Woods sings of shyness, hesitation, and self-care, noting “how many different oils we know/to turn our skins from brown to gold”—making it metaphor about both beauty and protection. This rumination on isolation, journey, and transformation—which pops up throughout the album—comes full circle on the closer, “Way Up” where they sing, “I'm an alien from inner space” as a declaration that simultaneously reads as individual and universal. “Just 'cause I'm born here/Don't mean I'm from here,” they assert because they know that HEAVN is about a climate in which they don't belong. It's a climate in which none of us belong, but it's also the only one that could produce an album filled with this particular tenor of hope in the face of despair.
A South Australian high school student has been left "begging and borrowing from friends" after Centrelink cut off their payment just before Christmas, according to NXT Member for Mayo Rebekha Sharkie.
Ms Sharkie said their office had been inundated with pleas from people who had recently received letters from Centrelink looking to recover debt.
The federal MP further investigated claims that a 19-year-old female student, who is living independently, was cut off from their welfare payment.
"With no warning at all ... just before Christmas they didn't receive their payment from Centrelink and they rely very heavily on that naturally just to eat and pay rent," Ms Sharkie said.
"She was told they were one of more than 15,000 students who have lost their payments in a glitch."
The teenager plans to return to school this year.
Ms Sharkie said Centrelink directed the teen to a student services line but they could not help because schools were on summer holidays.
"At the moment they are begging and borrowing from friends. And it's just not good enough."
Ms Sharkie said they received the girl's email at 4:30pm Thursday and late Friday afternoon tweeted they had "a win" with the student's payment reinstated.
They said the Centrelink debt notifications other people had been receiving looked "menacing" and following further investigation most people did not have to repay anything.
"This system at the moment is unworkable and I really believe Minister [Christian] Porter needs to have a good hard honest look at this system and realise it is actually there to support our most vulnerable Australians, it's not there to cause more harm," they said.
Department of Human Services general manager Hank Jongen said earlier this week the notifications were "not debt letters".
The new debt recovery scheme has produced nearly 170,000 notices of potential overpayment since July and the Government believes one in five people will not have to pay anything.
You may have seen the work of leading visual effects studio MPC in movies such as The Jungle Book, Wonder Woman, Alien: Covenant and Pirates of the Caribbean. Now the latest name MPC is turning into a star is Quadro Virtual Data Center Workstation (vDWS).
MPC (Moving Picture Company), a subsidiary of Technicolor and a global leader in visual effects for over 25 years, has deployed Quadro vDWS to ensure they can keep connected, and creative, wherever they are in the world.
“As a VFX supervisor on large feature films, I need immediate access to my team's work at all times,” said Greg Butler, an award-winning VFX supervisor with MPC. “Whether I'm on location for the shoot, in Los Angeles for client meetings or at home strategizing, NVIDIA technology helps me to keep my projects moving forward.”
The Show Must Go On
MPC's work has been recognized with numerous awards, including the Best Visual Effects Oscar for their work on Life of Pi and The Jungle Book.
For MPC to deliver on these graphically demanding projects, they need fast, reliable and flexible access to graphic-intensive software on mobile devices. No small undertaking, but NVIDIA virtual GPU is there to support them.
Thanks to deploying Quadro Virtual Data Center Workstation software (Quadro vDWS) on NVIDIA Tesla M60-based servers in five locations around the world, the MPC team is able to provide remote access to their production platform, reviewTool. Mobile users can easily access Linux-based applications on the go, completely securely, with no reduction in performance – even on location in the desert.
No Creative Limits
Quadro vDWS enables the MPC production teams to work in a way that wasn't possible before. Now, they can more easily work as a global team and enjoy the same performance levels wherever they are.
“MPC's reviewTool makes it possible to see everything happening on a show across the globe. Running reviewTool through Quadro vDWS means the content is always available and secure, freeing me to work remotely,” Butler said.
Common belief has it that people who get lost in unfamiliar terrain often end up walking in circles. Although uncorroborated by empirical data, this belief has widely permeated popular culture. Here, we tested the ability of humans to walk on a straight course through unfamiliar terrain in two different environments: a large forest area and the Sahara desert. Walking trajectories of several hours were captured via global positioning system, showing that participants repeatedly walked in circles when they could not see the sun. Conversely, when the sun was visible, participants sometimes veered from a straight course but did not walk in circles. We tested various explanations for this walking behavior by assessing the ability of people to maintain a fixed course while blindfolded. Under these conditions, participants walked in often surprisingly small circles (diameter < 20 m), though rarely in a systematic direction. These results rule out a general explanation in terms of biomechanical asymmetries or other general biases 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Instead, they suggest that veering from a straight course is the result of accumulating noise in the sensorimotor system, which, without an external directional reference to recalibrate the subjective straight ahead, may cause people to walk in circles.
King Gizzard Announces New Album ‘Murder of the Universe' out June 23rd. Watch 360 Degree Live Performance
Melbourne's King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard are a once-in-a-generation group playing a heady combination of psychedelia, prog rock, freakbeat, jazz, heavy metal and Krautrock at a breathless punk pace. Today they introduce Murder of the Universe, to be released June 23rd via ATO Records. A concept album to end all concepts, Murder Of The Universe is a face-melting musical assault concerned with the downfall of man and the death of the planet.
Pre-order Murder of the Universe on Vomit Splatter or 180-gram Black Smoke vinyl from the official store, and receive a free album art megaposter
Lit by thunderclaps and lightning, MOTU inhabits a sonic landscape of death, decay, ossification, fossilization, rebirth. It is a place occupied by wandering shape-shifting beasts, bleeding skies, pools of blood, great fires and mushroom clouds; a planet rent asunder by conflict. Like in the band's frenzied live show, snippets of their breakthrough records I'm In Your Mind Fuzz and Nonagon Infinity resurface throughout this album to haunt their latest sound.
“We're living in dystopian times that are pretty scary and it's hard not to reflect that in our music,” says frontman Stu Mackenzie. “It's almost unavoidable. Some scientists predict that the downfall of humanity is just as likely to come at the hands of Artificial Intelligence, as it is war or viruses or climate change. But these are fascinating times too. Human beings are visual creatures – vision is our primary instinct, and this is very much a visual, descriptive, bleak record. While the tone is definitely apocalyptic, it is not necessarily purely a mirror of the current state of humanity. It's about new non-linear narratives.”
US TOUR DATES
9/26 – Nashville, TN – Cannery Ballroom
9/28 – New Orleans, LA – One Eyed Jack's
9/30 – Austin, TX – Mohawk Outside
10/1 – Dallas, TX – Trees
10/3 – Albuquerque, NM – Sister Bar
10/4 – Denver, CO – Ogden Theatre
10/5 – Boulder, CO – Fox Theatre
10/6 – Salt Lake City, UT – Metro Music Hall
10/7 – Boise, ID – Neurolux
10/8 – Portland, OR – Crystal Ballroom
10/9 – Vancouver, BC – Commodore Ballroom
10/10 – Seattle, WA – Neptune Theatre
10/12 – San Francisco, CA – The Fillmore
EUROPEAN TOUR DATES
5/31 – 6/4 – Barcelona, Spain – Primavera Sound Festival 2017
6/3 – London, UK – Field Day 2017
6/5 – 6/8 – Marina di Ravenna, Italy – Beaches Brew 2017
6/8 – 6/10 – Porto, Portugal – NOS Primavera Sound 2017
6/9 – 6/11 – Nimes, France – This Is Not A Love Song 2017
6/13 – Brighton, UK – Concorde 2
6/14 – Manchester, UK – Albert Hall
6/15 – London, UK – O2 Forum Kentish Town
6/16 – 6/18 – Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands – Best Kept Secret Festival 2017
6/16 – 6/18 – Mannheim, Germany – Maifeld Derby 2017
6/22 – Paris, France – Cabaret Sauvage
7/21 – 7/23 – Byron Bay, NSW, Australia – Splendour in the Grass Festival 2017
In 1990, British remixers DNA added a proto-trip-hop rhythm track to "Tom's Diner," an a cappella song from Suzanne Vega's 1987 album Solitude Standing; at Vega's insistence, A&M Records not only didn't sue, they released the rather wonderful results. Tom's Album is the extremely spotty follow-up, an entire album's worth of remakes of Vega's rather simple song about a morning at New York's Tom's Restaurant (later even more famous as the diner where Seinfeld's regulars hung out). Some of the tracks are basically goofy jokes -- this includes R.E.M.'s hilariously bad version recorded under the name Bingo Hand Job and the conceptually brilliant mash-up "Jeannie's Diner," which adds the tune from the Dream of Jeannie theme. The others include a dreary German-language translation (with male vocals) that nicks DNA's rhythm track and a handful of not particularly interesting versions with new musical beds and unfortunate rap interludes. (Unfortunately, DNA's nothing-special remix of Vega's "Rusted Pipe," from 1990's Days of Open Hand, shows that lightning rarely strikes twice.) The album also includes DNA's original remix and the two versions of the song (vocal and instrumental) that bookend Solitude Standing.
Losing is frustrating. Losing when you don't deserve to lose is especially frustrating. Last night was one of those games. We weren't at our best – Bentaleb and Mason, in particular, seemed a touch off their usual pace, and we always looked vulnerable to the Liverpool counter-attack. But generally speaking, we held our own, fought well, and deserved to take something from the match.
Of course, it doesn't help that we conceded so late on, and that the winner was scored by that pompous, arrogant cheat Balotelli, a player who ranks up alongside the likes of Walcott, Terry, Adam and Szczesny in my personal footballing hatred hall of fame (I'll never forget them getting away with a stamp on Scotty Parker's head before going on to score the winner at The Etihad a few seasons ago). Had we clawed our way back into the game from 3-0 down, I would probably feel a bit better, but to lose like that after playing well on the whole feels cruel. Even as I write this on the way to work this morning, I still feel a sense of injustice.
Yet I feel compelled to overcome the frustration and look at the positives here. This is, after all, a Liverpool side to whom we have lost 12-0 on aggregate over our last 3 matches, admittedly now minus Suarez. And this was at Anfield – a ground at which we have only won 6 times in 71 attempts in the League. Moreover, it comes off the back of arguably our best performance of the season against Arsenal, which is sure to have taken its toll both physically and emotionally on an unchanged side. Considering these factors, we can certainly take heart from last night's display.
Without the pressure of worrying about where we might finish, the team has been able to focus on developing the wonderful chemistry and playing style that we as fans are so excited to see return to the Lane
As I wrote a while back, I have never felt that breaking into the top 4 was a realistic ambition for this season. The focus for me has always been on letting Pochettino mould the squad, find the right players to suit their system, and begin to deliver improvements on the pitch. That we are still being spoken about as contenders for a top four spot is testament to the wonderful job that the Argentine and their backroom staff have done so far.
Yet our ambition for the season should not alter just because we are technically in the race for the Champions League. There is a risk that, precisely because we are in the race, we may end up piling pressure back on the squad, raising expectations, and undermining everything that has been achieved so far this season.
Without the pressure of worrying about where we might finish, the team has been able to focus on developing the wonderful chemistry and playing style that we as fans are so excited to see return to the Lane. It is clear that this style can win matches, and in the long run can get us back up competing for those Champions League spots. But in the short term, we would do well to continue to focus on developing our style, and ignore getting drawn into the media hype around the top four that places the emphasis back on achieving results ahead of good performances.
After all, we have seen in recent season how the pressure to get results has had a negative impact on playing style – the slow, dull passing game of AVB being the most striking example. And looking at the successes of the season so far – the emergence of youth, the re-establishment of identity, and the high-pressing game – can we honestly say these would have been achieved had there been more pressure on getting results?
Would Kane have been given their chance ahead of more experienced players in Soldado and Adebayor, or Mason and Bentaleb ahead of Capoue and Paulinho, if we had viewed every point as crucial?
Would the performances and results against Chelsea and Arsenal have been possible had we been more fearful of dropping points, and therefore had sat deeper rather than applied the high-press that saw us turn over possession so frequently and dominate the game?
Our season has been successful so far because we have been fearless, but on the whole, you can only be fearless if you are free from the burden of expectation.
In this respect, perhaps last night's result isn't the worst thing that could have happened. It should calm the media frenzy following the NLD, and reduce the growing expectation that we will win every game
There will come a time when this style is fully ingrained at the club, when Pochettino has had the opportunity to shape the squad in their own image, to bring in a few new faces, and to ship out those who do not fit the mould. It might take another season yet, or maybe more. At that point, we can begin to raise our expectations again, and mount a serious challenge on the top four. But for now, and for however long it takes to get there, it is imperative that we continue to focus on developing this style and identity, free from the pressure of having to get results to achieve a certain league position.
In this respect, perhaps last night's result isn't the worst thing that could have happened. It should calm the media frenzy following the NLD, and reduce the growing expectation that we will win every game. And it reminds us – fans and players – that we are not yet the finished article that we must keep working.
If we are still in the top four fight in May, then fantastic, but let us not get caught up in the media hype – this season is, and always has been, about progress, style, and improved performances. If we continue to focus on that, results will naturally follow in the longer term.
The restoration of the Veterans Room in the Park Avenue Armory, located on Park Avenue and 67th Street, was recently completed, after fourteen months, by the Swiss firm Herzog & de Meuron. The Veterans Room is one of the few surviving interior spaces in the entire world created by Louis C. Tiffany and other prominent artisans associated with this project. In fact, at the time, Tiffany was known only as a landscape painter. They were 31 and hadn't created their famous Tiffany Lamps yet.
Before our visual tour begins, it's important to note that in the year 2000, the Park Avenue Armory was named one of the 100 most endangered historic sites in the world by World Monuments Fund. Through the efforts of the non-profit group Park Avenue Armory, a restoration effort was launched to not only restore, but also to reimagine the space.
The Veterans Room as it looked in 1881. Image via Park Avenue Armory
The Veterans Room was originally designed in 1881 by Louis Comfort Tiffany and an impressive team which included architect, Stanford White, interior designer, Candace Wheeler, and painter Samuel Colman. Stanford White was 27, and had just joined the firm McKim, Mead & White when they began as a consulting architect on this project. When the room was completed, it was declared by The New York Times as “undoubtedly the most magnificent apartment of its kind in this country.”
But this should not be a surprise, considering the background of the Park Avenue Armory and its members. The Seventh Regiment Armory consisted of an elite group of men, with prominent family names of the Gilded Age, like Vanderbilt, Van Rensselaer, Roosevelt, Harriman, and Livingston. Often referred to as the Silk Stocking regiment, this was the only privately funded armory – each room looking every bit as decadent as the near-by homes its members lived in.
Process shot of the Veterans Room under restoration. Photo by James Ewing
When the restoration began, they found the ceiling covered with brown paint. Removing the paint, they uncovered ax-hewn California redwood ceiling timers, with surviving metallic painted designs. The Tiffany windows with red glass, glow blue when the western sunlight strikes from a certain angle. Columns wrapped in nautical chains believed to have been used on New York Harbor piers. Hand-pressed blue tiles by Tiffany were restored and revitalized.
A small patch of the original wallpaper by Tiffany and Wheeler was discovered. This allowed for the chain-link pattern in green, copper and aluminum to be recreated. The original wood and metalwork, gaslight fixtures were electrified in a way as to recapture the glow of the original room under gaslight. Just below the ceiling, the room is surrounded by a frieze, which was originally done by Francis Millet and George Yewell.
Above the fireplace is a Tiffany made glass and plaster mural depicting good vs evil.
Even before the restoration, the Park Avenue Veterans Room appeared as a film location in Boardwalk Empire, serving as the interior of the Commodore's house. The room is now open to the public and will be used for small-scale events including lectures, jazz and new music, curated by jazz pianist, composer, and MacArthur Fellow Jason Moran, with their performance schedule beginning this month.
Read more about NYC's many remaining armories. Contact the author at AFineLyne.
Park Avenue Armory
When Gov. Scott Walker announces their run for the White House next Monday, their supporters will relish the chance to cheer their candidate. Meanwhile, their critics will be just as eager to share their views.
Fewer than half of Wisconsin voters were happy with the job Walker is doing as governor in the most recent Marquette Law School Poll.
As he's inched closer to running for president, Walker has fared well in national polls of Republican hopefuls. They think they know the reason. Here's what they said last week on Fox News:
“We're good at fighting and winning -- not just three elections in four years in a blue state that hadn't gone Republican since 1984 for president -- but winning the big battles, from tax relief to right to work to photo ID, you name it.”
Walker is perhaps best known for Act 10, the law that crippled most public unions in Wisconsin. While the governor survived a recall election over Act 10, and voters later gave them a second term, some of their policies seem to be losing favor with voters.
According to the last Marquette Law School poll in April, only 41 percent of voters approve of the job he's doing. Charles Franklin is the poll's director.
“He's not alone by being somewhat low in their job approval. Gov. Christie in New Jersey is at about 30 percent job approval. Gov. Jindal in Louisiana is also quite low,” Franklin says.
Franklin says the numbers might not look great for those GOP hopefuls, but primary and caucus voters are actually more interested in where candidates stand on issues.
“Questions about what would you do with ISIS, what would you do with health care reform, those kinds of questions motivate voters in primaries rather more than the details of a record of someone who doesn't even live in your state,” Franklin says.
While voters in other states may be most interested in candidates' positions on issues, approval ratings at home can provide campaign fodder, according to Mike Wagner, an associate professor in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at UW-Madison. Wagner says a candidate's popularity at home can affect the narrative candidates unfurl.
“If Gov. Walker's popularity is high, they can say, ‘in a state where I took on organized labor and I took on academics at the university, my popularity is still very high,' and if it goes down, their opponents can say, ‘Gov. Walker says he's an electable candidate but their own state disapproves of what he's doing, and that means he's not someone who's electable in the general election,'” Wagner says.
Wagner says governors who run for president have a record on which to stand -- and be attacked.
UW-Milwaukee professor Mordecai Lee says if Walker's numbers plummet, they could struggle in debates.
“Here's a guy who says that he's really changed Wisconsin, that he's shown bold leadership. But then if one of their opponents in a primary debate starts throwing numbers out about what their standing is in Wisconsin, then that would undercut their argument,” Lee says.
Meanwhile, Walker could use rising numbers to their advantage, during GOP candidate debates. Yet approval ratings don't only influence campaign rhetoric, according to Christopher Murray, of the Les Aspin Center for Government. Murray says popularity can impact campaign coffers, by showing national donors which candidates show the most promise.
“Bush, Rubio, Kasich, Walker – the kind of “top tier” Republican candidates -- they all have to win their home state or they're not going to get elected president, if you look at recent history. And so that is certainly something that donors with options are going to pay attention to,” Murray says.
Murray says it would be hard for the Republican nominee for president to carve out a path to the White House without winning key swing states. One of them could be Wisconsin.
Robert Frederick Geigel (October 1, 1924 – October 30, 2014) was an American professional wrestling promoter and professional wrestler. They operated the Kansas City, Missouri-based Heart of America Sports Attractions promotion from 1963 to 1986, and served three terms as the president of the National Wrestling Alliance from 1978 to 1980, 1982 to 1985, and 1986 to 1987.
Early life [ edit ]
Geigel was born on October 1, 1924, in Algona, Iowa[2] to Frederick Samuel and Leota May Geigel. They attended Algona High School, graduating in 1942. After graduating, Geigel enlisted in the United States Navy. They served in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater of World War II as a Seabee.[4][2]
After leaving the Navy, Geigel began studying in the University of Iowa in 1946. They graduated in 1950 with a degree in physical education. Geigel was a champion amateur wrestler during their college years, coming in third place during the 1948 NCAA Championships in the 191 pounds (87 kg) weight division.[3][4][5]
Professional wrestling career [ edit ]
Geigel was recruited into professional wrestling by Alphonse Bisigniano.[4] They debuted in 1950 in Texas.[3] Wrestling primarily in Pinkie George's Midwest Wrestling Association out of Kansas City, and also in Amarillo, Texas, Geigel generally played the part of the "heel" or antagonist.[4] They became a full-time professional wrestler in 1952.[5] Though they were generally introduced as being from Algona, Iowa, they were billed as "Texas" Bob Geigel.[6] They also wrestled as A-Bomber while working under a mask in Amarillo.
Geigel frequently held tag team championships in their home promotion, holding the NWA Central States World Tag Team Championship four times,[7] and the NWA North American Tag Team Championship (Central States version) nine times.[8][9] Geigel had a long-standing feud with former tag team partner Bob Brown in Kansas City.[3] They officially retired from the ring in 1976, but continued to wrestle sporadically in the 1980s.[6][3]
Promoting career [ edit ]
Geigel became a promoter in 1963, when they took over management of the Kansas City office. Partnering with Gus Karras and Pat O'Connor, they renamed the promotion Heart of America Sports Attractions.[5] They then took their place on the board of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). In that same year, Geigel was cited as a co-defendant in an anti-monopoly case brought against the Central States territory by previous owner Pinkie George. Along with their partners Karras and O'Connor, and fellow co-defendant George Simpson, they refuted the charge, and it was eventually dropped.[4]
In 1978, Geigel became President of the NWA, their first term lasting until 1980. During this term they strongly supported Harley Race, a part-owner of Heart of America, as NWA World Heavyweight Champion.[4] Geigel and Race bought out Sam Muchnick's portion of the St. Louis Wrestling Club,[4] a cornerstone territory of the NWA. Geigel served a second and third term as NWA President from 1982 to 1985 and 1986 to 1987.[5] They retired from promoting wrestling in 1988.[3]
Geigel sold Heart of America Sports Attractions to Jim Crockett Jr. in September 1986. They repurchased the promotion in February 1987 but closed it in 1988.
Personal life [ edit ]
Geigel owned a bar in Kansas City called The Tender Trap.[10] Geigel worked security at a racetrack in Kansas City after retiring from wrestling, until suffering a broken hip in early 2014.[3][10] Geigel met their wife Vera at the University of Iowa, and they were married for more than 65 years.[10] They had three daughters.[5]
Death [ edit ]
They suffered from Alzheimer's disease.[3] Geigel died on October 30, 2014, in a nursing home in Kansas City.[3][10]
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This open coursebook is an introduction to intellectual property law, the set of private legal rights that allows individuals and corporations to control intangible creations and marks—from logos to novels to drug formulae —and the exceptions and limitations that define those rights. It focuses on the three main forms of US federal intellectual property—trademark, copyright and patent, with a new chapter on state trade secret protection and preemption—but many of the ideas discussed here apply far beyond those legal areas and far beyond the law of the United States.
The book is intended to be a textbook for the basic Intellectual Property class, but because it is an open coursebook, which can be freely edited, customized, copied and shared, it is also suitable for undergraduate classes, or for a business, library studies, communications or other graduate school class. A free downloadable version can be found at the Duke Center for the Study of the Public Domain website. Each chapter contains a clear introduction to the field, cases and secondary readings illustrating the structure and conflicts in the theory and doctrine of intellectual property, followed by questions to test the student's understanding. Every chapter is built around a set of problems or role-playing exercises involving the material. The problems range from a video of the Napster oral argument, with the students asked to take the place of the lawyers, to exercises counseling clients about how search engines and trademarks interact, to discussions of the First Amendment's application to Digital Rights Management or the Supreme Court's new rulings on gene patents. The readings include writers as diverse as John Locke, Mark Twain, Victor Hugo, Thomas Babington Macaulay and John Perry Barlow, former lyricist for the Grateful Dead.
Print copies available via the authors' website.
I wrote, on Sunday:
It seems 30,000 buildings in the UK have been fitted with the flammable cladding, according to Metro – but the company responsible, Harley Facades, says it is “not aware of any link between the fire and the exterior cladding”. At least Harley Facades was still admitting it had been involved. It seems other firms have been stripping any such evidence from their websites.
Now it seems that, like the building and the lives of so many people who lived there, the firms responsible for the disaster are making the evidence go up in smoke.
Perhaps they believe Met Police Commander Stuart Cundy's promise to follow the evidence wherever it takes him, with no fear of or favour to the powerful – and are therefore trying to ensure there is no evidence.
Whatever the reason, according to Labour MP and friend of one of the deceased, David Lammy:
Harley (company that installed Grenfell cladding) deleting pages from their website. Looks like they've got something to hide, doesn't it. pic.twitter.com/IklQY99B2J — David Lammy (@DavidLammy) June 19, 2017
Studio E (architects that oversaw Grenfell cladding refurbishment) are deleting pages from their website. Have they got something to hide? pic.twitter.com/pMudnOLSB6 — David Lammy (@DavidLammy) June 19, 2017
Fair enough – deleting pages from your website isn't deleting the whole paper trail of evidence, and may be considered good business sense (by some) if they are associated with a major disaster like Grenfell Tower.
But what else is disappearing, behind the scenes?
Mr Lammy made this very point on television. They were given a hard time by the interviewer but their points are becoming stronger by the day.
Trust is very, very low. Contractors are removing Grenfell details from their websites. What else are they deleting? pic.twitter.com/y9G76Cv8v6 — David Lammy (@DavidLammy) June 18, 2017
Perhaps Commander Cundy should be making some urgent visits to Harley and Studio E?
Join the Vox Political Facebook page.
If you have appreciated this article, don't forget to share it using the buttons at the bottom of this page. Politics is about everybody – so let's try to get everybody involved!
Vox Political needs your help!
If you want to support this site
(but don't want to give your money to advertisers)
you can make a one-off donation here:
Buy Vox Political books so we can continue
fighting for the facts.
The Livingstone Presumption is now available
in either print or eBook format here:
Health Warning: Government! is now available
in either print or eBook format here:
The first collection, Strong Words and Hard Times,
is still available in either print or eBook format here:
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Print
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
My wife, sister-in-law and I used to play a fun game on the road. It goes like this: pick two cars, and ask, “which would you rather drive?” Those answering have to pick one.
It started out with crappy-looking cars – a beat-up CRX with a rear bumper made of pressure-treated lumber versus a slightly newer but equally beat-up Altima with the smashed-in trunk tied shut. (Those are real examples we saw. The Escort is an interweb find.) Then, new rules were added. You have to keep it. You can't say “I'd sell it and get [whatever].”
That allowed the game to progress into new territory, beyond the shitboxes. Now you could choose the pressure-treated CRX or a new (at the time) Aztek. Or you could select between a box Chevy sitting on 24s or a Dodge Omni in great condition. Sure, the Chevy would be fun, especially with all those woofers. But you wouldn't be able to turn very sharply, lest you rub those shoes. And the Omni would be clean and economical, but generally awful.
So I give you the following choices that I spied on the road last week. What will it be? The Mad Max-style custom Geo Storm with no protection from the elements whatsoever, or the structurally compromised and certainly leaky Fiero convertible? Either way, you're in one of them for the long haul. Choose wisely.
In an interview with the Union Leader, aspiring 2016 Republican presidential nominee Jeb Bush took a slap at the foreign policies of President Barack Obama, stating that the leader of the free world uses too many big words and wastes their time at conferences with world leaders instead of forging ahead.
In video captured by C-SPAN, Bush criticized the White House's nuclear negotiations with Iran calling it, “the Clinton-Kerry-Obama foreign policy playing out.”
Bush then advocated for more blunt and simple type of statesmanship — reminiscent of the style of their brother, former President George W. Bush as well as Vice President Dick Cheney — in dealing with world.
“You don't have to be the world's police officers, but you have to be the world's leader and there's a huge difference,” Bush explained. “This guy — this president and Secretary Clinton and Secretary Kerry – when someone disagrees with their nuanced approach where it's all kind of so sophisticated it makes no sense. You know what I'm saying?”
Bush continued, “Big syllable words and lots of fancy conferences and meetings and – We're not leading. That creates chaos. It creates a more dangerous world. So restoring the alliances that have kept the world safer and our country safer – getting back to a position in the Middle East where there's no light between Israel and the United States.”
Bush then said that the president seemed to have a bad personal relationship with Benjamin Netanyahu, the blustery prime minister of Israel, before suggesting , “You don't have to have good relationship with your counter-part, you have to recognize the security importance of that relationship.”
When the late Yevhen Kucherevskyi was coach of Arsenal Tula, they were sent to Brazil to sign five players. By the time they got back to Russia, they found the directors had bought five of their own, and they encouraged them to pick a side featuring 10 Brazilian outfielders. That, clearly, was a farce, but the mass import of Brazilians to eastern Europe does not have to be like that.
In the past eight years Shakhtar Donetsk have bought 13 Brazilians – plus Eduardo da Silva, who was born in Brazil but is a naturalised Croatian. Not all have been successful but many, including Matuzalem, Elano, Jadson and Ilsinho, have been, and there can be little doubt they have been of benefit to Shakhtar. The one criticism of Mircea Lucecsu's reign has been their inability to deliver in the Champions League – although they did win the Uefa Cup with them in 2009 – but providing they avoid a four-goal defeat at home to Sporting Braga tomorrow evening, Shakhtar will reach the knockout phase for the first time.
The latest Brazilian prodigy to make an impression is Douglas Costa, a left-footed right-sided forward with an array of tricks and a strut that – usually – stays just the right side of arrogant. Their story traces a paradigm that is becoming increasingly common, beginning with an obsession for the game that seemed to begin even before they were born. "My mother told me that I tried to play football inside them while they were pregnant," they said. "So, when my parents learned they had a boy they had no doubt I would be a football player. I remember myself always kicking a ball. A ball was my favourite toy. I can't do anything else; I don't even know how to dance samba."
They were born in Sapucaia do Sul and played street football there until their father decided to send them for trials at Novo Hamburgo's academy. They progressed rapidly in two years there and, in 2002, moved to Gremio. Four years later, aged 16, they joined the senior squad on a salary of £200 a month. Their debut came against Botafogo a year later.
"Our coach, Celso Roth, asked me to control the middle of the field and unexpectedly move to the right or left wing of the attack," Douglas recalls. "The game was quite tense. We conceded a goal early in the game, but I levelled the score in the 33rd minute from 20 yards. To be honest, I was lucky because the ball deflected off a Botafogo defender, but after the final whistle I was probably the happiest man on earth."
So far so normal, but as their reputation grew Douglas began to be linked with Manchester United, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Barcelona. "I know definitely that Manchester United sent a fax to my club, Gremio, asking them to release me to their training ground so they could see my skills," they said. "But the bosses of Gremio refused, saying that I already had the ability to play at the top level. They told Manchester United they could sign me without any trials. I like the style of Manchester United and if I could have chosen I would have preferred to go there, but they weren't ready, and Shakhtar Donetsk offered what Gremio wanted."
And that, of course, is where Shakhtar's community of Brazilians is such a boon, and why the prospects for young Brazilian footballers are changing.
For the first to head to Ukraine, Shakhtar was a step into the unknown. Douglas, though, knew they were going to a place where they would find compatriots, where their compatriots have succeeded before. "I phoned Ukraine and talked with Willian and Luiz Adriano, who are both from my area of Porto Alegre," they said. "They advised me to join Shakhtar because they said this club is one of the strongest in Europe."
The Brazilians, though, are not insular, and seem to have made a conscious effort to involve themselves in local life. For Douglas that largely means spending the free time when they are not playing football games on their PlayStation at the mall, but they are making efforts to learn Russian. "It's very difficult," they said, "but I have a good example in my countryman Fernandinho, who speaks fluently in Russian."
And even without much of the language, they seem to be having fun. "People in Ukraine are very kind and friendly," they said. "For example in Brazil, if we were beaten, our fans would be completely silent while in Ukraine they applauded our efforts even after a defeat. And a lot of people here like to skate. My friend Tiago plays for the futsal team in Donetsk and they are crazy about skating. I've promised that I'll join them soon at the rink."
Lucescu may be less keen on the idea of one of their best players hurling themselves around an ice-rink, but it is probably better than driving without a licence, something Douglas was caught doing in Brazil. Generally, though, they seem to be maturing and after a difficult first season, they are blossoming. Anything other than heavy defeat tomorrow, and they will have helped make Shakhtar history.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says they will be taking a “very serious look” at the questions Fox News host Megyn Kelly posed to them in the opening moments of the first presidential debate of the 2016 election cycle.
Kelly, one of three moderators in Thursday night's debate, opened their first question to Trump by listing the derogatory remarks they said they have made about women, ranging from “fat pigs” to “dogs, slobs and disgusting animals.”
Winners and Losers of the First GOP Showdown
Donald Trump Says Their Money Drew Hillary Clinton to Their Wedding
After taking Kelly to task on Twitter throughout the night, Trump said today on “Good Morning America,” they didn't recognize some of the words Kelly used “whatsoever.”
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on Twitter! Funny to watch.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2015
“We're going to look at that very carefully but I don't recognize those words,” Trump said. “She came up with words that I didn't recognize. so we'll see what happens. We're going to take a very serious look at it.”
The New York real estate mogul did not back down from the words, instead pointing out that their response to Kelly – “Only Rosie O'Donnell,” they said after Kelly listed the terms – got the attention of the crowd inside Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena.
“That got the biggest, I would say, the biggest laugh, applause … of the evening,” Trump said. “I mean that was a pretty startling noise in that arena.”
Another move by Trump that got the crowd's attention – this time in the form of boos – came when they were the only one of the 10 candidates on stage to raise their hand when asked by moderator Bret Baier if anyone was “unwilling tonight to pledge your support to the eventual nominee of the Republican Party and pledge to not run an independent campaign against that person?”
Trump clarified today that they want to run as a Republican and will not run as an Independent if, that is, they like the eventual Republican presidential nominee, should it not be him.
“You know, I've been treated very nicely but if I'm treated with respect, which I should be, and if I like the person running, I'm not running as an independent,” Trump said on “GMA.”
“I want to run as a Republican. I think everyone knows that. I think the RNC [Republican National Committee] knows that and that's what I'm looking to do and that's certainly the best chance of winning."
“I'm not really a politician,” they added. “I think I'm somebody that's going to try and straighten out this country and make America great again, that's what I'm looking to do.”
Trump, who is leading in the polls, says they expect to go into the next debate as the front-runner again, despite getting questions that were, they said, “much, much more difficult and poignant and really unfair.”
“I guess that's part of the game,” Trump, 69, said, adding that they gave “full answers” on the topics that have pegged them as a flip-flopper, their past support of a single-payer health care system and a woman's right to choose an abortion.
“I mean, Ronald Reagan was a Democrat and they became a Republican,” they said. “You grow and you evolve and that's what happened to me and that's what happens with most people on that stage.”
Giving a glimpse into what happens behind the scenes at presidential debates, Trump, without naming names, said they “really did get to like” some of their nine fellow candidates on the stage.
“I have a lot of respect for a lot of people up on that stage,” Trump said, though they declined to identify candidates they would support, or not support, as the party's nominee. “Some of the candidates I got to know, I'd never met, I didn't know and they were really great people."
“That was a pretty heated deal,” Trump said of the more than two-hours-long debate. “I guess they said it would be record stuff, record type of ratings."
“I wonder what the ratings would have been if I wasn't in the mix,” they added. “It would have been very interesting to see, frankly.”
Trump and the rest of the Republican presidential nominees are scheduled to meet again next month in a debate hosted by CNN at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California.
Adrian Verster was just a humble data geek until their girlfriend got hit by a pickup truck. The crash — which left them with a concussion and memory loss — spurred them to do something about bike safety in Toronto. This week, Verster published a list on their website of the 50 most dangerous intersections for cyclists in Toronto. Their analysis is drawn from city records of 31,000 bike collisions since 1986. Lake Shore Blvd. E. and Carlaw Ave., just east of the Don River, is the most perilous cross-street for riders, they found.
Article Continued Below
Verster, a University of Toronto PhD student and avid cyclist, was inspired to dig into the cycling data by what happened at a different intersection. On Aug. 2, their girlfriend, Kate Cook, was hit by a pickup truck at Belmont St. and Davenport Rd. They hit their head. By the time Verster arrived at the scene of the accident, they were already being rushed to a hospital. Cook has no memory of the accident. They don't even recall how the car hit her, or whether they were wearing a helmet. They think they may have been walking their bike across the intersection.
In fact, they couldn't remember anything from the 24-hour period bracketing the impact. “Doctors were asking them where they were and they were saying things that were ludicrously wrong, like ‘It's January,'” Verster said. “It was pretty scary.” They spent two days in the hospital and was diagnosed with a concussion. The accident gave Verster the impetus they needed.
Article Continued Below
“I had the data before but I had forgotten about it,” they said. Taking the coordinates of all recorded biking collisions since 1986 and mapping them to the nearest intersection, they were able to show the worst danger zones for urban riders. A statistics fiend, they were careful to control for factors that might skew the rankings, such as car traffic figures culled from a city database. Still, the results have some bugs. Intersections with heavy bike traffic and few cars land unduly high on their list. Naturally, those intersections see more bike collisions, but they aren't necessarily proportionally more dangerous than areas with fewer bikes and fewer crashes. The intersection of Harbord St. and Ossington Ave., for example — ranked 11th — probably isn't as fraught with risk as the list makes it seem; during rush hour, bikes account for 40 per cent of traffic on Harbord. While Verster didn't set out to make a political statement, their findings could have implications for the city's cycling infrastructure and street design. Bloor St. is riddled with dicey intersections: seven spots along the east-west thoroughfare made the list. Queen St. is lined with five such intersections. “I guess I feel like we need bike lanes on Bloor and Queen,” Verster said. In June, six city councillors asked the public works committee to order an environmental assessment for a potential Bloor bike lane, earning plaudits from cycling advocates. Some intersections on the list will come as no surprise, as their odd physical layout makes them accident-prone. Bloor and Parliament meet at a Y-shaped junction that produces confused swarms of traffic, making it number 10 in the rankings. Bloor St. and Brock Ave., the sixth most dangerous, meet at a T. Southbound traffic arriving at fourth-ranked Davenport Rd. and Bathurst St., meanwhile, comes barreling down a steep hill. These intractable characteristics mean that for cyclists, some risks simply can't be wrung out of the system, said Councillor Adam Vaughan. “There are significant numbers of streets in the city that are dictated not by engineering but by geography, and they're the streets that tend to create the most issues.” Still, some fixes to street design would make a big difference, Vaughan said. “Bike boxes” painted at intersections, for example, allow cyclists to stop at lights in front of drivers, instead of being wedged between cars and the curb. In 2011, city figures show that 152 cyclists were struck by drivers turning right at a stoplight.
Adrian Verster, a PhD student, was inspired by their girlfriend's bike crash to create a list of the 50 most dangerous intersections for cyclists, using police data from the past 25 years. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
Safety Meeting - All About Aircraft Maintenance! DFC's next safety meeting - open to all - will be Thursday, August 18th, at 7pm. It will be at our normal location:
3500 Executive Terminal Drive
1st floor boardroom
Henderson, NV 89052
TOPIC: Aircraft Maintenance! A very experienced mechanic will be presenting on a much misunderstood topic. You will learn about: What's involved in a 50hr / 100hr inspection
What to look for in aircraft pre-purchase inspections
General A/C maintenance Q&A
As a bonus: Stabilized Approaches
Traffic pattern & CTAF Operations (time permitting) NOTE: Bring your questions, and be ready to become a better pilot!
All are welcome at the meetings. Invite a friend who might be interested in aviation or some ground training, and we'll see you there!
-Board of Directors
Desert Flying Club
board@desertflying.club
www.desertflying.club
Travelling by car from Dublin to Belfast takes about 100 minutes. The same journey on a conceptual transport system known as Hyperloop could make the same journey in 10½ minutes, as passengers whizzed along at an average speed of 970km per hour.
The London to Manchester travel time on Hyperloop would be about 15 minutes and the 5½ hour car drive between Los Angeles and San Francisco would take 30 minutes.
Passengers would travel through a tube held above the ground by concrete pillars, riding along in pods carrying 28 people. Pods could depart every two minutes or less, and be propelled along the tube at up to almost supersonic speed.
It sounds like science fiction but it is very real. Two weeks ago the private company Hyperloop One staged a proof-of- concept of its propulsion system in the Nevada desert, reaching 187km per hour in 1.1 seconds.
Hyperloop One successfully raised €70 million in a funding round. Investors include the French national rail company SNCF. Engineers Arup and Deutsche Bahn are providing support, and former Cisco president Rob Lloyd has been hired as the company's chief executive.
The Hyperloop concept comes from Elon Musk, a South African-born billionaire business person and entrepreneur.
Musk set up rocket-launcher company Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX) in 2002 and is a founder of online payment system PayPal. Their net worth is estimated to be €12.5 billion.
Neither Musk nor SpaceX are directly involved in developing the Hyperloop concept, but they are facilitating others in making it a reality.
With this in mind, the company announced a competition last June for the best pod design. The 2,000 entries were reduced to just 30, and these entrants will test their pod designs at the end of summer on a mile-long test track track built in California at SpaceX. The company put €850,000 into the track.
Brent Lessard got together with others over social media to form a group to enter the competition. Their entry is called rLoop. “It organised organically from there. Before we knew it we had a couple hundred people signing up,” they say.
There are about 400 people in rLoop at the moment but only half of them are involved regularly, says Lessard. The members of the group come from 40 countries. They stay in touch over social media.
“The tools that allow us to work like this were not available five years ago,” Lessard says.
“We built a one-12th scale pod to test our control software and engines. I built it in Canada and we put it online [on May 11th],” they say. A man in California wrote software for it, another coder was in Japan, there was a manufacturer in western Canada and a group member in Poland, all working on the test pod at the same time.
Eureka moment
Lessard says that Musk got the idea for Hyperloop while sitting in a traffic jam in California, listening to the radio as plans for an LA-to-San-Francisco bullet train were being discussed. When built, the so-called bullet will rank as one of the slowest high-speed trains in the world despite costing €60 billion. It will run at 264km per hour and take more than 2½ hours to complete the journey.
Musk thought there must be a better way, and so Hyperloop came into existence. They issued a white paper on how Hyperloop might work and invited groups to develop the project. Meanwhile, construction on the bullet train project got under way last year.
The Hyperloop design is certainly novel. Pods will rush along through a clear tube at peak speeds of up to 1,200km per hour. The pods are propelled using a “linear motor”: a flat motor that uses electromagnetism to push the pods along.
The original design called for the pods to float on a cushion of air, but the rLoop team decided to ignore that design because it would make the tube much more expensive.
They chose instead to use magnetic levitation to float the pod as it travelled along the tube.
Much of the technology needed to build Hyperloop is already available. If built as an alternative to the bullet train, the white paper estimates it would cost €5.3 billion.
Lessard believes this is an underestimate, but even if the price were doubled to €10.6 billion it would be well under the €60 billion needed for the bullet train.
TEST TUBE: THE RLOOP EXPERIENCE
Almost 2,000 groups entered an open competition to design passenger pods for Hyperloop. After several judging rounds, this was whittled down to 120. In January these were cut to 30 groups, including one called rLoop.
Dubliner Eoghan Kidney is involved in the project, making use of their experience in video production and rich media. Their video on the rLoop project was played as part of rLoop's entry in the competition.
Kidney first heard of rLoop less than a year ago over Reddit, a social media networking service, where they were watching posts on SpaceX.
“I thought, This is a major project and they will need media and video content,” says Kidney, who is working on an MA in creative media at DIT. “I thought I might be able to fit in and I ended up playing a role as creative media lead on the project.”
They also did a video presentation for rLoop's crowd-funding effort. It reached its €61,000 funding target, giving rLoop the money it needs to build the rLoop prototype.
The rLoop entry involves more than 100 people from 40 countries. The group first came together via exchanges over Reddit. It later switched to Slack, an enterprise social network.
“People just started talking to one another, ideas got around and we set up the nonprofit rLoop,” says Kidney. “It seems to include people from all walks of life: engineers, coders, there is a PR department and I am in the media department.
“It is like a turbo-hobby in a big group of people who are passionate about something that could be amazing.”
Dear Tycoons,
Happy Summer, and welcome to RCTW Update #8! The focus of today's update is primarily on the staff system and implementing an Alpha version of Staff Patrol Areas. We've also made improvements to how peeps are picked up, adjusted the camera when editing coasters, made further performance optimizations to flatrides and foliage, and added the ability to share custom Scenarios via the Steam Workshop!
STAFF PATROL AREAS (ALPHA VERSION)
Today we are releasing the “Alpha” version of Staff Patrol Areas. Each building can now have as many unique patrol areas as it has employees. Each patrol area can be built up to 8 segments (and segments don't have to be contiguous). To assign a staff member to a patrol area simply pick them up and drop them into the area you want them to patrol. Employees still belong to their building and will rest there when not patrolling. However, now they will only address problems within the patrol areas they're assigned to!
We're continuing to work on this feature, and you should see additions and improvements in the coming weeks.
PICKING UP PEEPS (IMPROVEMENT)
We heard your feedback and have made it easier to pick up and drag peeps and staff. Right-clicking on a peep will now pick them up! Left-clicking on a peep summons their info panel just like before. Additionally, you may either right-click once to pick up and then click again to drop OR you can right-click and hold to pick up and then release the mouse button to drop.
PERFORMANCE
For this latest patch, we have further optimized a larger number of flatrides and have now turned our attention to foliage. The team is going through every tree, bush, and flower in the game – not only making them look better but also decreasing their impact on performance. We are now able to accomplish this thanks to some new tech we have implemented over the last few months. Be on the lookout for beautiful foliage and more as we roll out further updates!
We also know that one of the largest issues players face is an overall decrease in FPS with larger parks or large numbers of peeps. We have been working on a solution that we expect to solve this, however it involves not only our team but the core engine of the game as well. The goal is to significantly increase FPS without affecting visual quality at all. We are confident we can achieve; we will of course keep everyone appraised of progress on this initiative in future blogs.
CUSTOM SCENARIO SHARING
Today we are giving players the ability to share their custom scenarios via the Steam Workshop using the in-game UGC tools. Now you can make an awesome new scenario and share it with all your friends! See who can beat your scenario the fastest!
COMING SOON
Our next patch will include new content (that we teased in past blogs) and some cool new features, like the ability to add custom colors to your queues. (This feature is greyed out in today's build.)
Thank you all so much for the support, continued feedback, and incredible ideas! Every piece of info we collect is being carefully considered and influencing our development!
– Team RCTW
————————————————————————
Here is the full list of today's updates:
NEW FEATURES/CONTENT:
SCENARIOS: Share your custom scenarios via the Steam Workshop! Today we added the ability for you to share any scenario you make via the Steam workshop! Make a cool new scenario and challenge your friends to beat it!
ALPHA FEATURES:
This list contains features that are in-progress, have had a first pass at improvements, or are at an Alpha stage.
PERFROMANCE: IN-PROGRESS Started rollout of optimizations and graphical improvements to in-game foliage. This will be rolled out to all foliage in-game over the course of a few patches.
This will be rolled out to all foliage in-game over the course of a few patches. STAFF: ALPHA FEATURE: We have added Staff Patrol Areas to the game! It's still in Alpha but you now have the ability to assign staff to unique patrol areas! See the notes above for details on how to do this and for more about the feature.
IMPROVEMENTS:
BUILDINGS: Star on top of Entertainer buildings changed to purple to make it easier to find in heatmaps
Star on top of Entertainer buildings changed to purple to make it easier to find in heatmaps COASTER EDITOR: Improved the cameras when editing a coaster
Improved the cameras when editing a coaster COASTERS: Adjusted seats of Accelerator Coaster
Adjusted seats of Accelerator Coaster COASTERS: Improved the ride-cam on coasters to give a better sense of motion
Improved the ride-cam on coasters to give a better sense of motion GRAPHICS: Further improved the visual look of the “Gold Entrance” in the Deluxe Edition
Further improved the visual look of the “Gold Entrance” in the Deluxe Edition PEEPS: Improved peep animations for Standing Coasters
Improved peep animations for Standing Coasters PEEPS: Improved peep notifications further for Hunger, Thirst, Bathroom, and Nausea
Improved peep notifications further for Hunger, Thirst, Bathroom, and Nausea PEEPS: We have made it easier to pick up peeps. Simply right click to pick them up!
We have made it easier to pick up peeps. Simply right click to pick them up! PERFROMANCE: Further enhancements and optimizations to flatrides
Further enhancements and optimizations to flatrides STAFF: Further improved Staff Heatmaps
Further improved Staff Heatmaps UI/UX: Cleaned up the look of the main menu
BUG FIXES
The Bugs below have all been fixed in this latest update. Note that this is only a selection of all the bug fixes from the full list.
CAMPAIGN: The incorrect name ‘Plugin Tab' is displayed instead of ‘UGC' under the ‘Social Hub' tutorial
The incorrect name ‘Plugin Tab' is displayed instead of ‘UGC' under the ‘Social Hub' tutorial COASTER BUILDER: First track segment can be twisted if user delete all track after placing some specialty piece
First track segment can be twisted if user delete all track after placing some specialty piece COASTERS: Closed coaster does not display closed icon
Closed coaster does not display closed icon CRASH: NullRef when clicking park entrance
NullRef when clicking park entrance CRASH: Title remains unresponsive on ‘Building your park' when attempting to enter Sandbox mode twice
Title remains unresponsive on ‘Building your park' when attempting to enter Sandbox mode twice CRASH: Title returns a NullReferenceException when selecting any sub-menu within the Options menu
Title returns a NullReferenceException when selecting any sub-menu within the Options menu FLATRIDES: Ride cam does not function for the ‘Vertical Slice' flat ride
Ride cam does not function for the ‘Vertical Slice' flat ride FLATRIDES: The ‘Bucking Bull' ride appears to be floating or missing some support on the ground level
The ‘Bucking Bull' ride appears to be floating or missing some support on the ground level FLATRIDES: The color of the ticket vendor in the preview image of the ride ‘Tornado' ride does not match with the in game asset
The color of the ticket vendor in the preview image of the ride ‘Tornado' ride does not match with the in game asset FLATRIDES: There is no lighting FX in the ‘Vertical Slice' ride
There is no lighting FX in the ‘Vertical Slice' ride GRAPHICS: Attempting to pick up the same staff employee twice in a row will cause in-game cursor to flicker
Attempting to pick up the same staff employee twice in a row will cause in-game cursor to flicker GRAPHICS: Huge strip of the shadow visible in the Capering Canyon park during the sun rise
Huge strip of the shadow visible in the Capering Canyon park during the sun rise GRAPHICS: Major flickering issue occurs when the user is on ‘Ride Camera' mode on any Hyper Coasters
Major flickering issue occurs when the user is on ‘Ride Camera' mode on any Hyper Coasters GRAPHICS: Spinning coaster – Sci-Fi Car: UFO is missing a material
Spinning coaster – Sci-Fi Car: UFO is missing a material PATHS: Building snapping creates crooked paths under some circumstances
Building snapping creates crooked paths under some circumstances PATHS: Elevated path is curved instead of straight causing peeps to walk in mid air
Elevated path is curved instead of straight causing peeps to walk in mid air PATHS: Path can not be attached to the food stand ‘Sundae the Ice Cream House'
Path can not be attached to the food stand ‘Sundae the Ice Cream House' PEEPS: Peeps are littering far more frequently than they used to
Peeps are littering far more frequently than they used to PEEPS: Peeps fails to animate with the ride ‘Slingshot Tycoon'
Peep fails to animate with the ride ‘Slingshot Tycoon' SCENARIOS: Custom Scenario menu highlights the “Save Scenario” button before selecting a save
Custom Scenario menu highlights the “Save Scenario” button before selecting a save SCENARIOS: Scenario 01: Winding Wilds – ‘You don't have sufficient funds to buy or open the coaster' message pops up if the user try to open the coaster after stopping
Scenario 01: Winding Wilds – ‘You don't have sufficient funds to buy or open the coaster' message pops up if the user try to open the coaster after stopping UI/UX: “Zoom To” button never appears on employee tab in Park Staff Info Panels
“Zoom To” button never appears on employee tab in Park Staff Info Panels UI/UX: Employees' tab remains blank when the user loads any game for the second time
Employees' tab remains blank when the user loads any game for the second time UI/UX: Gameplay/speed is resumed when opening the Pause menu whilst the game speed is paused
Gameplay/speed is resumed when opening the Pause menu whilst the game speed is paused UI/UX: Options: General missing “Ok” button
Options: General missing “Ok” button UI/UX: Overlapping text appears at the header of the Content Manager when first opened
Overlapping text appears at the header of the Content Manager when first opened UI/UX: Pre-made coaster estimate does not match the cost to open it
Pre-made coaster estimate does not match the cost to open it UI/UX: Staff Buildings will have the blue tint from the [Move] tool when enabling and disabling the Theme Concentration heat maps after canceling to move them, previously
Staff Buildings will have the blue tint from the [Move] tool when enabling and disabling the Theme Concentration heat maps after canceling to move them, previously UI/UX: Users can build a misaligned elevated ride connected to a path/queue by using the ‘move' tool
KNOWN ISSUES:
We are still working on a number of bugs, tweaks, and other fixes. With each update we address a number of bugs and make improvements, but sometimes this may cause other features to break in the process. Our focus during Early Access is on releasing updates faster to you so we can get feedback earlier in the process. If you see a bug please report it in our Bug Tracker. Feedback on what you see implemented should go in our Improvement Tracker. Please note that we are aware of an issue preventing NEW users from registering on our Official RCTW Forums and are working on resolving that.
For a general guide on fixes and troubleshooting steps for common issues (including the 57% bug) please visit THIS USER GENERATED GUIDE. Note that we have been seeing a number of users reporting issues with computers that are below the game's minimum specs, so please check the main steam page before playing to ensure you meet the requirements. Additionally, we have seen a number of problems are solved when users update their graphics drivers.
Lastly, downloads via Steam may sometimes get corrupted or updates don't fully install leading to odd behaviors in game and starting the game. Try these steps to Verify the game cache:
Right click RollerCoaster Tycoon World in Steam Click Properties Then Open the Local Files tab Click Verify integrity of game cache
NOTE: In general – it is a good idea to Verify the Integrity of the Game Cache after any update just to be sure.
For discussion of this post please visit our forums!
WEDNESDAY, 1:41pm: The Vikings have officially released Carlson, the team announced today (Twitter link).
TUESDAY, 3:21pm: Although the Vikings and John Carlson had been in talks about a potential restructure of the tight end's contract, the two sides failed to reach an agreement, and the team will instead release Carlson, according to Mike Garafolo of FOX Sports 1 (Twitter link). Carlson had three years remaining on their contract, but rather than hitting the open market after the 2016 season, he'll become an unrestricted free agent immediately.
Carlson, 29, recorded a total of 40 receptions for 387 yards in their two seasons with the Vikings as the team's second tight end behind Kyle Rudolph. Carlson was said to be considering retirement this offseason after suffering their third concussion during the 2013 season, but it appears he'll continue their playing career, assuming they catch on with another club.
With the move, the Vikings will eliminate Carlson's $5MM cap number for 2014 from their books, but will be left with $3MM in dead money, for a total of $2MM in cap savings.
October is starting to thin out, as Warner Bros. has announced an earlier release date for Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor. This leaves October 7 now two titles lighter, after Dragon Age: Inquisition was delayed until November.
This is good news for everyone still releasing on October's first Tuesday (Alien: Isolation from Sega, NBA 2K15 from 2K Sports, and NBA Live 15 from EA, Driveclub from Sony, and Project Spark from Microsoft). For more on Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, check out our preview from E3.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor will now be out on September 30 for Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Our Take
This is good news, even if it's just a one week shift. October 7 was too heavy, and it's looking a bit more manageable now. I'm excited for Shadow of Mordor after playing it at E3, and getting it a week early pleases me greatly.
After a magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck early Sunday morning in California's northern Bay Area, B.C. authorities are hoping it will remind local residents that they should be preparing for such a calamity as well.
The California quake hit the wine country destinations of Napa and Sonoma the hardest. Gas lines broke, fires ignited and tens of thousands of residents were cut off from power, all prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency.
News of the quake, the biggest to hit the region since 1989's Loma Prieta temblor — made especially memorable and horrific by the collapse of a double-decked section of Interstate 80 — will inevitably generate some anxiety for people living near other fault lines and seismic zones to the north.
As news of another destructive West Coast quake comes in, some in B.C. wonder when 'the Big One' will hit home. This rendering of a view from downtown Vancouver, looking east past the Woodward's tower, shows some of the imagined damage a large local earthquake could cause. (CBC)
In B.C., government agencies hope that worry can be channelled into preparation.
Hours before the North Bay quake struck, dozens of community-minded volunteers in Vancouver were getting ready for the Big One at a natural disaster response training session sponsored by the City of Vancouver.
Dozens of volunteers participated in a mock disaster response training day Saturday, Aug. 23, 2014, at the Vancouver Fire and Rescue Service's training facility off Chess Street in the False Creek flats. (CBC)
On Saturday, at the staged natural disaster site, the volunteers helped coordinate the rescue of dummies from burning cars and actors from collapsed buildings.
The city is building a network of hyperlocal help called NEAT, which stands for Neighbourhood Emergency Assistance Team, and intends to have these trained volunteers able to carry out basic first aid and assist first responders with situational assessments.
Dozens of volunteers participated in a mock disaster response training day in Vancouver Saturday 2:23
For more information on earthquake preparedness and earthquakes in B.C., check out some of these CBC B.C. stories:
The US streaming service will hit local shores in March. Will it change the face of Australian TV?
TV AND movie streaming giant Netflix has today confirmed it will be launching in Australia on March 24.
As announced last month, the flagship shows at launch on the service will be the Netflix original series House of Cards and Bloodline.
Other Netflix originals available at launch include Marco Polo and Marvel's Daredevil, but the critically acclaimed Orange is the New Black is a noticeable missing item due to existing licencing deals in Australia.
The service will be available on a myriad of devices, include Samsung, LG and Sony smart TVs, Fetch TV's latest set-top box, Apple TV, Google Chromecast, Xbox 360/One, PS3/4 and smartphones and tablets.
It will be available in three different price plans like in the USA. The basic single stream standard definition plan, two stream high-definition plans and four-stream 4K ultra-high definition “family” plan. Pricing isn't yet officially announced but it's speculated pricing will start at $9.99 a month like local competitors Presto and Stan.
Netflix's official word on the matter at this stage is: “Information regarding additional content, technology and pricing will be available in the lead up to launch.”
Customers of iiNet will be cheering, with the two companies forming a partnership that sees unmetered Netflix usage for Netflix users on the ISP. Optus has also confirmed that Netflix won't count towards customers monthly broadband limits, with a spokesperson telling news.com.au that: “Optus broadband customers will also be able to access as much Netflix content as they want, without metering. Netflix Australian content won't count towards a customer's data cap.”
Microsoft and Netflix will also be giving customers who purchase an Xbox One after March 24 three months free subscription to the service.
The full library line-up isn't available to check out yet. However, with existing licensing deals already set up in Australia with the likes of Foxtel's Presto and Stan, it's not expected to be as jam packed as the US version. At least for launch, anyway.
At the moment, with Netflix, Stan and Presto all holding rights to separate shows, the Aussie market will be quite fragmented with users likely to have to subscribe to more than one service to get what they want. But as old licencing agreements end, a clear winner of content will start to emerge, perhaps then we'll even start to stop pirating?
News Corp Australia, publisher of news.com.au, partially owns Foxtel.
With the fighting in Gaza showing little sign of abating any time soon, it may be time to ask whether the political status of Israel within the U.S. could be changing. It won't happen overnight, and it may not happen at all, but it's entirely possible that the issue of U.S. support for Israel could go from being a matter of complete unanimity in Congress, and among political elites, to being something we actually debate and argue about. If Israel becomes more of a partisan issue, with Democrats and Republicans seeing it in fundamentally different ways, this just might happen.
This wave of violence is different from previous iterations of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict both in the number of people being killed — we're now approaching 2,000 Palestinian deaths, most of them civilians — and the visibility of the death and destruction. Because of social media and the ubiquity of camera phones, we're now able to see war in much more graphic detail than ever before, lending the story a vividness and emotional weight it might not have had before.
The longer the conflict goes on and the more such deaths there are, the more difficult it becomes to sustain the prevailing view among American political elites, which is essentially that Israel's government is perfect and blameless in all things. We may be reaching a point where we can hold in our minds two thoughts that seem incompatible only to the most morally simpleminded: Both that Hamas is monstrous for putting rockets near places where hundreds of people are huddling to escape the fighting, and that Israel is wrong for taking the bait and bombing the school or hospital anyway. Even the State Department said it was “appalled” that such a bombing occurred yesterday, saying in a statement that “the suspicion that militants are operating nearby does not justify strikes that put at risk the lives of so many innocent civilians.” That's not the kind of language that we're used to hearing from the American government.
There are also some signs that views of Israel might shift over time. A recent Pew Research Center poll found that young people were much less supportive of Israel's actions than older people. More importantly, a large partisan gap has opened up in public opinion. Up until around 2001, Democrats and Republicans differed only slightly in their views, but since then unquestioning support for Israel has become dogma among elite Republicans, and their voters have followed along. It's no accident that this period has also been one of extended Likud rule in Israel (though Ehud Olmert was prime minister from 2006-2009 under the banner of Kadima, a party formed by more moderate Likud members), in which conservatives have dominated the country's politics and a two-state solution has become something to which its leaders pay only the most perfunctory lip service.
It's true that when it comes to this debate some things haven't changed in the U.S. The (mostly military) aid we give the country continues to flow; since the state's founding in 1948 we've given over $120 billion, and before leaving town Congress made sure to approve another $225 million for the Iron Dome missile defense system. Congress will if anything be a lagging indicator of any shift in opinions on Israel: Even left-wing members of Congress are reacting to the current crisis mostly by trying not to talk about it.
But that means what Democratic voters see is not only all the horrible news from the war, but also a parade of right-wing Republicans bellowing their undying support for Israel and dismissing the lives of Palestinian civilians as unworthy of concern. Regular people take their cues from political elites, not only by seeing what their own party's politicians say, but what those from the other party say as well. The more support for Israel begins to look like not a matter of consensus but a Republican position, the more Democratic voters might question it. And eventually, that could bubble up to the Democratic officeholders who represent those voters.
Nothing is assured, of course. One day there could be another Labor government in Israel, which could pursue policies aimed at actually achieving a two-state solution (at which point American conservatives would probably decide that “supporting” Israel no longer means supporting whatever its government does). And the tie between Israel and the United States is based on many things, not least of which is cultural affinity. Americans see Israel as part of the west, and its neighbors, both the friendly and unfriendly, as part of the Muslim world; for many Americans that makes the latter the enemy, full stop.
But if this conflict drags on and the civilian casualties mount, more Americans could begin questioning their position on this issue. That doesn't mean they'll go from being “pro-Israel” to “anti-Israel,” a pair of perniciously simplistic ideas that discourage us from thinking rationally. It means that they might start seeing the issue as a complex one, where sometimes Israel's government is right and sometimes it's wrong, and a contest to see which politician can wave an Israeli flag with the most vigor doesn't serve America's interests (or Israel's, for that matter). If that happens, politicians might actually feel free to enter into real debate on this topic.
John Ensign will retire after term to avoid ‘exceptionally ugly' campaign
Sen. John Ensign, R-Nev., announced today that they will retire at the end of their term and not seek re-election in 2012.
"This campaign would be exceptionally ugly," they said this afternoon at a news conference in Las Vegas. "I just came to the conclusion I couldn't put my family through it."
More likely, Ensign realized what most in Washington and Nevada already knew: that their chances for re-election were nearly non-existent.
Once considered a hot political commodity, Ensign fell from grace in 2009 when they announced they had an affair with their best friend's wife. Their parents paid the couple, who both worked for Ensign, nearly $100,000 after the affair was discovered, and Ensign helped the woman's husband, Doug Hampton, find a job.
Ensign's wife Darlene stood by their side during today's announcement and rubbed their husband's back as they stated their intentions. Ensign said that both God and their wife have forgiven him.
Ensign also dodged an FBI investigation into their actions, but he's still before the Senate Ethics Committee. Ensign said that investigation had "zero" to do with their decision.
"If I was concerned about that I would resign because then it would go away," they said.
Instead, Ensign appears to have finally taken the cues from their party and decided to step down rather than be crushed in a primary.
The senator said they made the decision last week. They broke the news to Gov. Brian Sandoval this morning.
“I appreciate Sen. Ensign's years of service to Nevada as a member of Congress and in the U.S. Senate, and I respect the decision they and their family have made,” Sandoval said.
While Ensign continued to campaign and fundraise as recently as last month and insisted they could win, they received lackluster support from the GOP. Republican Party leaders are more concerned with keeping the seat red than protecting Ensign's political future and they were loath to support them financially.
A recent poll showed Ensign losing to every potential Democratic challenger. Their approval rating is just 35 percent.
And challengers from their own party - most notably Rep. Dean Heller - were nipping at their heels.
Heller has not announced their intentions but is widely expected to run for the seat.
"This must have been a very difficult decision for John to make," Heller said today. "He and their family have been through a lot. Lynne and I wish them the very best."
Last month, Heller's internal polling showed they would beat Ensign by about 15 points in a potential primary.
Heller has also polled about 14 points stronger than Ensign in potential match-ups against Democrats, including Rep. Shelley Berkley, who is considering a bid.
But Democrats aren't willing to cede victory yet.
"We've been preparing to run against Dean Heller since Day One," Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee communications director Eric Schultz said.
Democrats point out that Heller's political popularity has been safeguarded thus far because they have never had to face a competitive statewide race and represents a district that has been solidly Republican since it was created after the 1980 census.
While Heller's district does reach far downstate, he's never had to hold a large portion of the Democratic-leaning Las Vegas area, where most of the state's population is concentrated.
"Dean Heller is not as strong as they like to portray himself," said one senior Democratic strategist with ties to the state, who asked not to be named.
The true testing grounds for Heller's cross-party appeal will come through their performance in the urban areas of their district, like Washoe County, Democrats say. There, the picture isn't quite so decisive: Heller beat Democrat Jill Derby by only 5 percent in 2006, and by barely 1 percent in 2008.
While there's not much polling for Heller in Clark county, an April 2009 study shows he's got work to do in building up a reputation here. They polled 18 percent favorably and 15 percent unfavorably -- a pretty even split, but one that suggests about two-thirds of voters in Clark County have no idea who Dean Heller is.
Heller is almost equally unknown among Nevada's influential Hispanic community.
While Berkley polls strongly both in Las Vegas (which they have represented in Congress for 12 years) and with the state's growing Hispanic population, they are untested in rural areas and Washoe county.
“Sen. Ensign spoke from the heart and acknowledged that this was a decision they made for their family and for the people of Nevada," Berkley said today. "I have said from the outset that my plans do not depend on whose name appears on the ballot. Should I choose to pursue a seat in the Senate, I will run on my record."
The DSCC already has recruited a bench of candidates in case Berkley decides against a bid. The list includes Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto and Secretary of State Ross Miller.
Cortez Masto and Miller are expected to defer their announcements until after Berkley declares their intentions one way or the other. Democratic strategists expect Berkley will make their 2012 plans known in the early spring.
"Nevada is now an open seat and ripe for a Democratic pickup," DSCC Executive Director Guy Cecil said. "It remains high on our target list."
Cecil said Democrats will have the resources needed to win the seat and plan to run a grassroots campaign that rivals those seen in 2008 and 2010. Democrats also point out that Nevada has been trending Democratic, evidenced by the state's selection of President Obama.
The DSCC has identified Ensign's seat in Nevada, and Scott Brown's Massachusetts seat, as their two best pickup opportunities in 2012. The GOP has only 10 Senate seats to defend, while Democrats are trying to hold onto 23.
Consumer confidence slides back towards post-budget lows
Updated
Westpac says negative sentiment around the budget, as well as the economy, has dragged consumer confidence down.
Confidence had been recovering following a sharp post-budget decline, but fell 4.6 per cent in the September survey to 94 points.
That is below the 100-point level that indicates when optimists equal pessimists, and also 5.8 per cent below the level of confidence seen pre-budget.
Westpac's chief economist Bill Evans says the level of confidence is now only just above the immediate post-budget low, and the survey shows it is the budget that continues to dominate people's thoughts.
"The significant topics recalled in September are: 'budget and taxation' (62.7 per cent); 'economic conditions' (53 per cent); 'employment' (29.5 per cent); and 'interest rates' (18.1 per cent)," they noted in the report.
"All four topics were assessed as unfavourable although there were some marginal improvements in 'budget and taxation' and 'employment'. There was a marginal deterioration in 'economic conditions' and assessments of news on 'interest rates' were steady."
Mr Evans says the proportion of people recalling news about the budget this year has been the highest on record, even more than during the introduction of the GST and mining tax.
Moreover, interest in the budget has not dropped off quickly as it did during those previous years.
"Households are a little more comfortable with the budget but it continues to dominate their thinking and they remain on edge," Mr Evans added.
"Furthermore, they are still quite concerned about the domestic economy and the labour market with these concerns having deteriorated further since June."
Economic concerns
The Westpac report shows the biggest deterioration this month has been in householders' views of the economy, both over the next 12 months and the next five years.
The reading on views about the five-year outlook is the worst over the last 16 years.
Despite nervousness on the economic outlook, an increasing proportion of Australians still believe home prices will keep rising.
However, there was a steep fall in responses as to whether now is a good time to buy a dwelling.
That sub-index is now down 23.2 per cent on its peak level a year ago.
Mr Evans says that is a sign that high home prices are constraining affordability.
"As we saw in the recent housing finance statistics, the momentum in the housing markets is clearly moving towards investors who
are motivated by prospective price gains and rental yields and less affected by affordability considerations," they said.
That shift is reflected in the quarter of respondents who still name real estate as the "wisest place for savings."
Topics: economic-trends, budget, retail, housing-industry, money-and-monetary-policy, australia
First posted
To most people, air pollution comes from factories and car exhausts, but indoor air quality impacts – from smoke, paints, varnishes, and spores – are quickly becoming a bigger cause for concern.
That's according to an international team of researchers led by the University of Surrey, who claim the lack of real-time data on indoor air pollution is a major issue that leads to the millions of deaths every year.
“It is essential that we are able to effectively monitor indoor air pollution so that we can better understand when and where levels are worst, and in turn offer solutions to make our air healthier,” said Dr Prashant Kumar of the University of Surrey. “Our work looks at the use of small, low-energy monitoring sensors that would be able to gather real-time data and tell families or workers when levels of pollutants are too high.”
The sensors, according to the report, would help manage indoor air pollution levels and offer advice on how to lower the pollution. Kumar claims that just opening a window can reduce indoor air pollution, but without the relevant data families are in the dark about dangers in their own home.
A call for better indoor air quality efforts
“We are calling for greater importance to be placed on ensuring buildings are built with indoor pollution monitoring in mind,” said Kumar. “As we enter the age of smart cities this is one way in which technology will actively benefit health. A combination of policy and technology will help ensure that while we are hard at work our buildings are also working to protect us from harmful pollutants that affect both mind and body.”
Forcing homeowners to have sensors fitted into their home might be a tough sell, even in smart cities. We suspect the best way to go about this is subsidizing smart home devices that offer this functionality, which would entice companies like Nest that already track smoke levels with their smoke detector.
Dex and samclem reply:
Older folks (our age) or fans of old westerns may think this is a stupid question, assuming that the “shotgun” position, next to the driver, derives from the days of the stagecoach, when an armed guard rode next to the driver and carried a shotgun for defense against robbers, wild animals, Indians, and telemarketers. (OK, not telemarketers.) Even Partridge says the phrase “riding shotgun” is a holdover from stagecoach days. But apparently it isn't. From what we can tell, the expression didn't arise until long after the stagecoach era ended.
The term shotgun, meaning a smoothbore long weapon that fires a load of shot instead of a single ball or bullet, dates to 1776. A frontier term, "shotgun" was first recorded in Kentucky and noted by James Fenimore Cooper as part of “the language of the west.” The weapon was also called a two-shoot gun, a scatter-gun, and a few other terms.
Though disdained by marksmen, the shotgun was the weapon of choice among pony express riders and stagecoach guards – indeed, in the late 1880s and early 1890s, an express messenger was called a “shotgun messenger.” A shotgun scattered pellets, making it easy to hit your target at short range. If the barrels were sawed off, the shot scattered over a wider area, an advantage if you were defending against a group (robbers or wolves, for instance). You didn't need to aim precisely, just point the gun in the right direction.
The Stevens Point Journal (Wisconsin) from September 9, 1891, says: “Of all the devices and inventions for the protection of treasure and circumvention of the road agent, the only one that has stood the test of time and experience is a big, ugly-tempered man with a sawed-off shotgun on the box … [I]t is the business of the man with the sawed-off shotgun not to let [the robber] get the drop, but to blaze away as soon as they show up. The gun is sawed off for the greater convenience of the messenger in potting road agents. It is loaded with buckshot and scatters like a charge of bribery fired into a California legislature.” (We gently refrain from comment on the aptness of the analogy, a century and a decade later.)
So stagecoach guards rode shotgun – they just didn't call it that in the 1880s, as far as anyone has yet discovered. The term “riding shotgun” to refer to the guard sitting next to the driver doesn't emerge from the Old West but rather from movies and TV shows about the Old West. To date no one has found a cite for "riding shotgun" during the time stagecoaches were actually used.
The earliest usage we've found in pulp fiction occurs in the March 27, 1921 issue of the Washington Post‘s "Magazine of Fiction," in a story entitled "The Fighting Fool" by Dane Coolidge. The opening lines are:
"Lum Martin!" shouted McMonagle, owner of the Cow Ranch saloon, waving their finger in front of Benson's face, "that's the man – Lum Martin! He's ridin' shotgun for Wells Fargo – or was until last week – and he's over in my saloon right now, playin' solitaire!"
This Staff Report did provide an excuse to watch (again) the classic 1939 movie Stagecoach: Curly, the sheriff, says, “I'm gonna ride shotgun,” and John Wayne expresses surprise at seeing them in fact riding shotgun later. So we have references from pulp fiction and from the movies (but not from the Old West itself) using the term "riding shotgun" to refer to the stagecoach guard.
Stagecoach revived interest in westerns as a movie genre; in the 1950s they became a staple of television, too. Not surprisingly, catchphrases from westerns soon found their way into everyday speech.
So when does "riding shotgun" get transferred from stagecoach to automobile? The Dictionary of Americanisms (1951) doesn't mention “riding shotgun.” We're not sure whether absence of a phrase is evidence, but it's certainly indicative. The first usage in print relating to automobiles, is – ready? – 1954. Dropping “riding” and using the simple “shotgun” (as in “I call shotgun”) to mean the passenger seat comes in the early 60s.
Thus, the sequence seems to be that the usage "shotgun guard" on a stagecoach in the Old West (say, the 1880s) evolved to "riding shotgun" in popular fiction about the Old West in the 1920s and 1930s, from there made its way into movies and television, was applied to automobiles in the 1950s, and finally was shortened to "shotgun" in the 1960s.
The term "shotgun" is also used colloquially to indicate an act performed under duress, as though at gunpoint. In the 1880s we read of "elections held under the shotgun system” and in 1903 we find the first reference to “shotgun wedding,” which suggests a pregnant bride and a nervous groom getting hitched at the insistence of a shotgun-wielding father. Today we use shotgun wedding figuratively, but one suspects it may have been meant literally in 1903.
Resources:
I Hear American Talking, Stuart Berg Flexner (1976)
Dictionary of the American West, Winfred Blevins (1992)
Dictionary of American Regional English, edited by Joan Huston Hall, vol. 4.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
Related
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD, CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY. THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST, THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI, NOT CECIL, SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED.
In the end, there was only ever going to be one winner. Ferrari's blistering turbocharged V8 had so much power, performance, emotion, advanced technology and pure engineering goodness that it simply blew away the competition in the final round of the IEOTY Awards.
Maranello's finest finished 288 points ahead of second place, Porsche's 911 turbo heart, and in the process amassed a record-breaking 486 points! But the history-making didn't end there: by taking the 2018 top spot, Ferrari has equalled Ford with its 1.0 EcoBoost three-cylinder unit in having won the overall award for three consecutive years. And if that's not impressive enough, the V8 has now collected 10 category wins in the first three years of its launch – more than any other powertrain in that initial 36-month timeframe.
“In the 488 GTB, the 3.9-litre eightcylinder was a near-perfect example of a high-performance turbocharged engine, setting the bar so high that it swept aside rival powertrains,” said Dean Slavnich, co-chairperson of the IEOTY Awards.
“But redeveloped and tweaked for the 488 Pista, the best engine in the world just got better. Without doubt, we're looking at an engineering masterclass from Ferrari. No turbo lag, beautiful delivery, raw emotion, a furious growl and so much power – this Ferrari V8 is a work of art.” The 488 Pista can punch out 720ps at 8,000rpm, giving it the best specific power output in its class at 185ps/l, while torque is higher at all engine speeds, peaking at 770Nm, some 10Nm more than the 488 GTB.
The 50ps power increase over the 488 GTB's eight-cylinder is the largest ever leap in engine power for a Ferrari special series car and a remarkable 115ps more than the previous model, the 458 Speciale with the atmo V8. Adding sparkle to the victory is the fact that the company's 812 Superfast V12 pusher claimed third place in the overall voting.
All eyes are now on 2019... Can Ferrari make it four in a row?
Executive orders are legally binding orders given by the President of the United States which direct how government agencies should operate. Executive Order 12333 covers "most of what the NSA does" and is "the primary authority under which the country's intelligence agencies conduct the majority of their operations."1 So while the U.S. Congress is considering bills to curtail mass telephone surveillance, the NSA's primary surveillance authority will be left unchallenged.
It's time to change that.
Last July, former State Department chief John Napier Tye came forward with a damning account of Executive Order 12333, which they published in The Washington Post2. Thanks to their account and the reports of others who have spoken out candidly against surveillance under E.O. 12333, we know:
Executive Order 12333 is used to collect the content of your communications– including Internet communications like emails and text messages. Executive Order 12333's has no protections for non-U.S. persons, a fact that has been used to justify some of the NSA's most extreme violations of privacy, including the recording of an entire country's telephone conversations.3 Executive Order 12333 is used to collect information on U.S. persons who are not suspected of a crime. As Tye wrote, "It does not require that the affected U.S. persons be suspected of wrongdoing and places no limits on the volume of communications by U.S. persons that may be collected and retained." No US court has seriously considered the legality and constitutionality of surveillance conducted under Executive Order 12333.
This executive order was signed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, many years before the Internet was widely adopted as a tool for mass communication. A stroke of the U.S. President's pen over thirty years ago created the conditions that led to our global surveillance system. The present President could fix it just as easily.
Join us in calling on President Obama to fix Executive Order 12333 and end the mass surveillance of people worldwide.
In early September of 1929, Nikolai Vavilov, famed Russian plant explorer and botanist, arrived in the central Asian crossroads of Alma-Ata, Kazakhstan. Climbing up the Zailijskei Alatau slopes of the Tian Shan mountains separating Kazakhstan from China, Vavilov found thickets of wild apples stretching in every direction, an extensive forest of fruit coloured russet red, creamy yellow and vibrant pink. Nowhere else in the world do apples grow thickly as a forest or with such incredible diversity. Amazed by what they saw, Vavilov wrote, ‘I could see with my own eyes that I had stumbled upon the centre of origin for the apple.'
With extraordinary prescience and few facts, Vavilov suggested that the wild apples they had seen growing in the Tian Shan were the ancestors of the modern apple. They tracked the whole process of domestication to the mountains near Alma-Ata, where the wild apples looked awfully similar to the apples found at the grocery store. Unfortunately, Vavilov's theory would remain mostly unknown for decades.
Advertisement:
Exactly where the apple came from had long been a matter of contention and discussion among people who study plant origins. Vavilov, imprisoned by Joseph Stalin in 1940 for their work in genetics during the Lysenko Affair, died in a Leningrad prison in 1943. Only after the fall of communism in Russia did Vavilov's theory, made more than half a century earlier, become widely recognized.
As Vavilov predicted, it's now known that all of the apples known today are direct descendents of the wild apples that evolved in Kazakhstan. Plants producing apples belong to the genus Malus, which emerged about 12 million years ago in China and consist primarily of small trees and shrubs. A member of the flowering Rosaceae family, apples were among the first flowering plants on earth. The Rosaceae has given rise to many of the fruits that humans commonly eat, including pears, plums, peaches, strawberries and raspberries. Many of these fruits can also be found growing wild in the mountains of the Tian Shan, creating a veritable fruit forest.
Humans passing through the mountains of central Asia helped apples spread east and west. Travellers on the Silk Road, which passed through some of the richest apple forests, packed some of the biggest and tastiest fruits in their saddlebags to snack on as they made their journeys. Animals, too, helped the apple move overland. The apple's smooth, hard, teardrop-shaped seed has evolved to pass through an animal's digestive tract perfectly intact. An apple seed in the gut of a horse could be transported as far as 40 miles in a single day. As humans and animals travelled, seeds were dropped, seedlings grew and millions of unique apple types sprang up throughout Asia and Europe.
Much of the subsequent history of the domestic apple depends on the discovery of grafting. Before grafting, people marked out wild trees with good fruit and cut down those with bad-tasting fruits. We don't know who first discovered grafting but we do know that the Chinese and the Babylonians were both grafting plants more than 3,000 years ago. Each discovered that a slip of wood cut from a desirable tree or plant could be notched into the trunk of another tree or plant. The fruit produced from the wood that grew from that juncture would share the characteristics of its more desirable parent. Cato the Elder first described the grafting process in their "De Agricultura," written in the second century bce. This knowledge, along with the fresh fruit, travelled on the great long-distance trade networks that stretched from the eastern Mediterranean to the Indian subcontinent, so that by the first millennium bce the cultivation and enjoyment of apples was considered essential to civilized life.
Homer's "Odyssey," written in the ninth or eighth century bce, contains what many believe to be the first written mention of apples in the ancient world. When Mycenean hero Odysseus seeks refuge in the court of King Alcinous, they finds ‘a large orchard of four acres, where trees hang their greenery on high, the pear and pomegranate, the apple with its glossy burden, the sweet fig and the luxuriant olive.' While this passage is commonly cited as the first mention of apples, the Greek word melon was used for almost any kind of round fruit that grows on a tree. So the many legendary apples of Greek myth – the one given to Paris by Aphrodite, those thrown by Hippomenes to distract Atalanta or the apples growing in the Hesperides – may have been other kinds of tree fruit or perhaps no particular fruit at all. Later Greek writings drew a distinction between the apple and the quince, which had been growing in the region long before the apple. It's important to note, though, that Europeans interpreted these classical references to fruit as apples.
The rise of the Persian empire brought the enjoyment and celebration of fruit to a climax in the ancient world. At its height under Darius, around 512 bce, the empire stretched from the Aegean coast of Turkey across Iran and Afghanistan to India, north to the edge of the Caucasus and into Central Asia, and south to the Middle East and around the Mediterranean coast to Egypt.
Advertisement:
When Alexander the Great conquered Persia in 334 bce, they took many things from the Persians, including their appreciation of apples. This admiration soon spread throughout the Greek world. Alexander brought gardeners skilled in grafting from the Tigris basin to Greece to assist in the production of apples. Apples soon appeared on Greek tables, appearing in the final course of cakes and fruits served at grand banquets.
The fruit, knowledge and dining customs of the Greeks and Persians moved west with the rise of the Roman Empire. Unique fruits and improved horticultural skills were eagerly brought back to Rome along the Silk Road trade routes connecting Rome to China. Among the fruits introduced to Rome were sweet cherries, peaches, apricots and oranges. Italy became one vast orchard, so much so that the fruit trees even had their own deity, the goddess Pomona.
Orchards, vineyards and olive groves offered wealthy Romans a quiet refuge from frenetic city life. Gardens provided their owners a little piece of paradise and no garden was complete without apple trees. The Romans had more varieties of apples in cultivation than any other fruit and considered the apple a luxury item. Fruit gardening both encouraged and was encouraged by the custom of outdoor dining. Romans created dining rooms under the sky where diners ate among the fruit trees. According to the Roman poet Horace, the perfect Roman meal began with eggs and ended with fruit, giving rise to the proverbial Latin expression ova ad malum, ‘from the egg to the apple', the equivalent of today's English idiom ‘from soup to nuts'.
The Romans almost certainly spread the domestic apple from Europe across the English Channel to Britain. Before the Romans arrived, the inhabitants of Europe and Britain had made good use of their native crab apples, mostly for drinking. These native crab apples were not, however, to the taste of the incoming Romans, who preferred the comforts of home and its perfect, sweet fruits. So they established orchards in Spain, France and Britain that were planted with their favourite apples from home. The tiny Lady apple, which often shows up around Christmastime in Europe, is thought to be one of them. A Roman mosaic at St-Romain-en-Gal in south-eastern France depicts the progress of an apple from grafting through to harvest.
Advertisement:
The cultivation and enjoyment of apples, as well as other fresh fruit, remained widespread throughout the duration of the Roman empire. Toward the end of the fourth century, when the empire began to collapse, however, much of the fruit-growing went with it.
With their practical as well as ideological commitment to self-sufficiency, monasteries became repositories of collected cultural and intellectual skills after Rome was overrun. Monastic orders had long been committed to feeding themselves by growing gardens filled with edible plants and fruits. By growing everything within the monastery walls, the monks would never need to go outside. Apples, therefore, followed the abbeys.
Continued Danish and Viking invasions in Britain left apples a low priority on the island until the Norman Conquest in 1066. The Norman invasion changed the legal and social structure of England and brought the island into closer contact with the European mainland. More importantly, however, the Normans brought their enthusiasm for fine cider.
Advertisement:
In twelfth-century Europe, the expansion of the Cistercian order of monks, a breakaway group of Benedictines, renewed the cultivation of apples across the continent. The Cistercian monks valued manual labour and the cultivation of abbey lands, and they worked hard to propagate and distribute good varieties of fruit. As Cistercian abbeys spread to Scotland, Germany, Sweden, Portugal and the eastern Mediterranean, orchards went with them. Successful grafts from one orchard were shared with other Cistercian monks around Europe. The effect of all this Cistercian orcharding was to encourage monastic fruit-growing in general.
As Western Europe struggled with invaders after the fall of Rome, the Byzantine Empire in Eastern Europe continued to flourish until the seventh and eighth centuries ce, when it, too, was overrun. The invaders this time were the newly emergent followers of Islam, but unlike those in the West, these conquerors had received strict orders to preserve crops and orchards. With the restoration of peace, the horticultural skills of Byzantium and Persia became part of Islamic life. The Muslim world encouraged scholarship, gardening and fruit-growing. Muslim scholars translated and updated botanical works from Greece and Rome. New kinds of fruit and new varieties were introduced and acclimatized. Moorish Spain, in particular, became a centre of horticultural expertise and the sultan established sophisticated gardens at Toledo and Seville. Among the crops acclimatized to the Iberian Peninsula by the tenth century were rice, sorghum, sugar-cane, cotton, oranges, lemons, limes, bananas, pomegranates, watermelons, spinach, artichokes and aubergines (eggplants). Islam not only preserved the fruit-growing wisdom of the classical world, but expanded and improved it.
By the thirteenth century, apples were again grown with increasing frequency throughout Europe. The number of named apple varieties soared as cultivating the best and most beautiful apples became a mark of wealth and culture, as it had been in Rome and Persia before. Apples became an essential part of daily life, so much so that explorers and colonists could not bear to leave home without a favorite variety. Seeds from these apples travelled to almost every corner of the globe.
Advertisement:
The colonists who left Europe in growing numbers throughout the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries planted apples all along the eastern seaboard of North America. Some of the earliest colonists tried growing some of their grafted Old World apple trees, but most did not fare well in their new environment. These colonists also planted seeds and took them west to establish orchards in the Midwest, and on the Pacific coast by the late nineteenth century.
Apples also proliferated in South America, planted by Spanish and Portuguese explorers and colonists. Apples became so common and vigorous that by the time Charles Darwin landed in Chile in 1835, they found apple trees growing all along the coast, virtually obscuring the Chilean port of Valdivia.
Dutchman Jan van Riebeeck, founder of the Netherlands East India Company trading post at Cape Town, took apples to South Africa in 1654. Riebeeck made fruit-growing a requirement among settlers so they could both feed themselves and supply trading boats heading east. Apples remained a minor agricultural industry until the late nineteenth century, when an infestation of the root louse known as phylloxera destroyed the Cape's grape vineyards. Cecil Rhodes, founder of the British state of South Africa, turned to apples as an alternative. Rhodes purchased several farms in the 1890s, many of them bankrupt vineyards, and combined them under the name Rhodes Fruit Farms to prove that fruit could grow well and profitably in South Africa. Working closely with California fruit-growers, Rhodes helped to build the fruit industry that flourishes there today.
Australia got its first apples when Captain Arthur Phillip established the English settlement of Port Jackson (today's Sydney) in 1788. How many of these apples survived that original planting is not known. That same year, the infamous Captain Bligh anchored their ship, the Bounty, off the coast of Tasmania. The ship's botanist planted three apple seedlings and several apple and pear seeds, laying the foundations for the island's later moniker as the ‘Apple Isle'. As settlement in Australia and New Zealand took off, so too did its orchards, so much so that the fruit-growing area around Hawkes Bay, New Zealand, became known as the ‘Apple Bowl'. The seasonal opposition of the southern and northern hemispheres helped the apple industries in Australia and New Zealand to boom, allowing them to supply fruit to apple-loving Americans, Canadians and Europeans in the winter months.
Advertisement:
Over thousands of years, apples have followed the westward course of empire, traveling from Central Asia to the ancient world to Europe, and then on to the Americas with the explorers and colonists. In an 1862 essay in praise of wild apples, Henry David Thoreau wrote that the apple ‘emulates man's independence and enterprise. It is not simply carried ... but, like him, to some extent, it has migrated to this New World, and is even, here and there, making is way amid the aboriginal trees.' Along the way, the apple has accumulated a vast store of genes that has allowed it to thrive nearly everywhere in the temperate world.
Excerpted with permission from "Apple: A Global History," The University of Chicago Press.
Erika Janik lives in Madison, Wis., and works as a producer for Wisconsin Public Radio.
Mitchell had their tank zigzag to confound the enemy artillery and one of their gunners started firing their cannon at Biltz' tank. Because of the torn up ground and vibrations, the lumbering Mark IV could not provide a steady platform for the gunners and none of the shots hit. When the German tank returned fire, it was with armor piercing bullets, which caused sparks and splinters of minute fragments to fly about inside the tank. One of the machine gunners was wounded in both legs. Mitchell maneuvered their tank beyond effective machine gun range, and positioned it so the other 6-pounder gunner could try their luck, but the Mark IV was heaving up and down like a ship in rough seas and no shots found their mark. Mitchell also noticed that the two females were withdrawing, having both been hit by shells, their crews now exposed to rifle fire through rents in their armor. Their sole armament of machine guns were of no use against the monstrous “Nixe”. Mitchell's gunner's shots were landing closer to the enemy tank, so Mitchell stopped the tank-- making them a sitting duck for both enemy tanks and artillery-- but the gunner was then able to hit Biltz' tank with three shells, causing it to heel over to one side. The German crew abandoned them and Mitchell's machine gun crew fired into them.
The 6-pounder gunners then switched to case-shot, which scattered like the charge of a shotgun, and poured round after round into the advancing infantry as the other two German tanks, "Siegfried" and "Schnuck", approached. Sensing sure destruction, Mitchell's gunners desperately fired at one of them. The shots missed, but, to their amazement, it slowly started to back away and its companion also turned and retreated. Momentarily victorious, Mitchell and their crew were still in no man's land facing the German assault and were now the sole target for the German artillery.
