Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Evangeline Lilly and the rest of the cast from Marvel's Ant-Man give the new Spider-Man, Tom Holland, advice now that they are a part of the Marvel universe.
"The one person I did talk to before I started shooting this was Chris Pratt," Rudd explained who they seeked out for advice when joining Marvel. "Pratt said, 'It's amazing and go with it. They, Marvel, love to take chances. Creatively they take chances. They know what they are doing and just get ready for a ride because, it's a ride!' They had just finished it [Guardians of the Galaxy]. And the other thing they said, 'The nuttiest part is when you see the movie you're really gonna get to see what it looks like.' Because when you're shooting it I didn't know what it will look like. So, that aspect is really cool."
Listen to their comments in the video below.
Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, con-man Scott Lang must embrace their inner-hero and help their mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, protect the secret behind their spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.
"On October 22, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said at a joint news conference with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, that it is time for “Iranian militias” that's fighting ISIS in Iraq to “go home” according to Reuters Agency.
“Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against Daesh and ISIS is coming to a close, those militias need to go home. The foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home and allow the Iraqi people to regain control,” Tillerson said.
According to Reuters an US official explained that Tillerson was referring to the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Units (PMU) and the Iranian Quds Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).
However, the PMU consists of Iraqi forces with some Iranian support and assiastance. Considering this, Tillerson statement is either based on very poor understanding of the situation in Iraq, or it might be meant as propaganda, and nothing more." SF
https://southfront.org/us-state-secretary-iranian-militias-must-leave-iraq/
----------
The PMU are overwhelmingly IRAQI Shia Arabs. They ARE home. Tillerson looks foolish sitting next to Adel Jubair (aka The Chihuahua) broadcasting to the world the policy desiderata of the Saudi kingdom. We all know that DJT made their obeisance to the throne of the Wahhabi state. Tillerson is obviously there as the deputy mukhtar of America. Does the Shia run government of Iraq welcome such a statement? I doubt it. pl
******
"US.-backed fighters captured Syria's largest oil field from the Islamic State group Sunday, marking a major advance against the extremists in an area coveted by pro-government forces.
With IS in retreat, the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces and the Syrian government have been in a race to secure parts of the oil-rich Deir el-Zour province along the border with Iraq." Chicago Tribune
http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-syria-oil-field-islamic-state-20171022-story.html
-----------
Well, pilgrims, IMO the US/SDF has done this to cripple Syrian reconstruction. The income from this field will be needed for the re-building of places like Raqqa and Aleppo. What do the neocons and their general officer allies think they are going to do with their possession of this Syrian national property? Are they going to try to negotiate Kurdish autonomy amounting to independence? pl
*****
"Turkish troops first deployed in Idlib last Thursday with the purported aim of enforcing the so-called de-escalation zone that Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed to in the Kazakh capital of Astana last month. In a statement last week, Turkey's prime minister said that the operation also aimed to reduce refugee flows into Turkey, prevent conflicts between civilians and militants in Idlib, and establish control points for future deployment in the area.
A wide-scale military campaign against HTS, however, was not listed among the objectives, and Turkey has not demonstrated any hostility toward the group. The two are believed to have coordinated operations in Idlib and HTS has escorted Turkish troops into the province at least four times in the past month." newsdeeply.com
https://www.newsdeeply.com/syria/articles/2017/10/23/hostility-toward-militants-grows-in-idlib-as-turkey-deploys-troops
-----------
IMO the new Sublime Porte speaks with Forked Tongue. How's that for a mixed metaphor? Sultan Tayyip and their band of neo-Ottomans harbor irredentist dreams with regard to the more or less united lands of the empire as it once was. . The Russians have fed them a slice of Syria both in Idlib Province and northeast of Aleppo City. It is reported that the Turkish military is occupying eight garrison positions in Idlib including two air bases. Good luck on getting them to withdraw to Turkey once they are well installed. pl
25 JAN 3302
Since the wreckage of the Highliner Antares was recovered several weeks ago, the families of those who lost their lives aboard the ship have been lobbying the Sirius Corporation for more information. Specifically, questions have been asked about where the wreckage was found, and if any human remains were recovered. The corporation, evidently aware that the public is hungry for information, has now released a statement:
"We are aware that some sectors of the galactic community believe we have not been sufficiently transparent regarding our research into the Antares. Please be assured that any lack of clarity is in no way indicative of a desire to withhold information – it is simply a reflection of our focus on our research."
"In light of this, we can confirm that the remains of the Antares were found in the Luyten 205-128 system, and that no organic remains were recovered. As for the cause of the explosion, we can only reiterate our earlier statement that a cascade failure in the hyperdrive's internal containment systems triggered an explosion within the drive. Although the precise cause of the explosion is not yet known, we believe any additional information will only corroborate our assessment that the destruction of the Antares was nothing more than a tragic accident."
"We would like to take this opportunity to extend our condolences to those who lost loved ones aboard the Antares."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, President of Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, got a call from their pubic relations officer last week saying they received a big check from Browns running back Isaiah Crowell.
"He said 'Sarge, what do you want me to do?''' Pennie told cleveland.com Tuesday. "He said, 'do you want me to tear it up? Dispose of it?'''
The PR officer, Mark Fredde, knew that Sgt. Pennie didn't want Crowell's money, even though they had pledged their first game check -- about $35,300 -- to the Foundation. All Pennie wanted was a chance to educate Crowell on police sacrifice, and for them develop a relationship with the Foundation, which they had already done.
But as Pennie's done so many times over the past few months, they picked up the phone and called Crowell.
"I said, 'Isaiah, why did you send me a check? I told you you didn't have to send me a check,''' Pennie said. "He said, 'Sarge, I want to do it. I really want to do it.' I said, 'okay, alright, you will now be an executive level sponsor. So now, you are a celebrity sponsor of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation.'''
Crowell, asked by cleveland.com about the donation this week in the Browns locker room, was reluctant to discuss it. They never wanted publicity for it in the first place.
"I said I was going to do it and I wanted to follow through,'' Crowell said.
To Crowell, it was just one of the many ways they plan to atone for posting a graphic illustration of a police officer being stabbed in the neck on their Instagram account. They quickly deleted the post.
Crowell attends funeral of slain Dallas officer
In July, Crowell accepted Pennie's invitation to attend the Dallas funeral of one of the five slain police officers, Patrick Zamarripa. They spent the day with Pennie being educated on police service. The two have become close.
"Isaiah is like my little brother," said Pennie. "He's a long-term sponsor, not necessarily in terms of money, but he's going to be involved with my foundation, and how I engage them with my widows, and my fallen officer families. That's where this is going.''
Pennie believes it's no coincidence that Crowell is running with a renewed vigor this season. They believe it's another way Crowell is finding daylight out of the darkness.
"Now, he's the right kind of story for their community,'' Pennie said.
In the wake of their ordeal, Crowell has become one of the most productive runners in the NFL, with their 394 yards trailing only Ezekiel Elliot, who has 412 for Dallas in 33 more carries. More significantly, Crowell is first in the NFL with a 6.5-yard average, and has three TDs.
Sunday against the Redskins, Crowell rushed for 112 yards on 15 carries, including a 2-yard TD.
"Now they can get out here and play this game without having to worry about the (stress) of whether he's being politically involved in this or that," said Pennie. "Now, he's able to focus on their career and being a positive role model and that's what I want them to do.''
After the Baltimore game, in which Crowell had an 85-yard TD as part of a 133-yard performance, Pennie called to congratulate him.
"Then, after their 79 yards in Miami, they said, 'Sarge, how did I do?''' Pennie said. "I said, 'you did good but I need to see another Baltimore game.' They came back after the Redskins game and said 'How was that?' and I said 'alright, you got it.'''
Pennie, who was in Cleveland Tuesday to meet former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and discuss Pennie's lawsuit against Black Lives Matter for inciting racial violence, has continued to mentor Crowell and help them navigate the racial strife in our communities.
Pennie was welcomed to Cleveland by Stephen Loomis, President of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association, who initially condemned Crowell and threatened to have the police boycott Browns games. Loomis later accepted Crowell's apology.
"I told Steve, I care about this young man, because they want to learn, and he's never had a positive interaction with law enforcement,'' said Pennie, who also grew up with a negative view of police officers. "Having that young man come in and meet with me meant the world to me, to him, and we've formed a bond.''
Now, Crowell calls Pennie for advice, including on how to respond to Colin Kaepernick and other players kneeling during the national anthem to protest unfair treatment of African-Americans. They advised them not to kneel.
"I said, 'we want you to play football. Be there and you be a good flight attendant for that team,''' they said. "Because the national anthem isn't just about police. The national anthem represents this country. It represents police, fire, military, all of the people that have laid down their life in support of this country.
"The national anthem means something. I explained that to them and they got it. And that's the type of education we continue to have through our relationship together.''
Pennie, who said they joined the U.S. Army after their cousin's murder made them confront the disconnect between law enforcement and the black community, welcomed the opportunity to change Crowell's mind.
"(The post) showed me that this was an individual that has not been socialized to what happens in law enforcement,'' said Pennie. "He doesn't understand. I gave them one day to decide whether they were coming in for the funeral, and they let me know that same day he's coming. They said. 'I'll be there Sarge.'
"And they they flew in on their own and we talked for three hours and I was made a better person. Everyone wants to talk about community policing, well this is community policing. You don't shun an individual because you don't like what they did.''
On Tuesday, while Pennie met with Giuliani, Crowell hung out with Pennie's son, who's become like a brother.
"I'm so proud of Isaiah,'' said Pennie. "He's 23 and my son is 23. He's like my son. He's like my little brother. I love them to death. I'm not going to let anybody hurt him. I'm there for him. If you're doing something wrong, I'm going to tell you.''
Fortunately for Pennie, they haven't had to worry about that lately.
Dinamo Moskva's defender Boris Rotenberg gesturing during the Russian Premier League round 23 football match Dinamo Moskva vs Mordovia Saransk in Khimki, outside Moscow
The unexpected rise of a little-known defender with a very influential father has embroiled one of Russia's top clubs in a high-profile dressing room spat over alleged nepotism.
For four years Boris Rotenberg Junior, 28, has warmed the bench at Premier League Dynamo Moscow after unsuccessful stints at a number of middling clubs.
The unremarkable fringe player would have drawn little attention had it not been for their father -- Boris Rotenberg, a billionaire oligarch who is president of the club and a close friend of President Vladimir Putin.
Now the younger Rotenberg has moved centre stage after they surprisingly dislodged Russia's international right back Alexei Kozlov to become a regular starter in the team.
Russia's football experts have been split over the metamorphosis of Rotenberg Jr from a lifelong benchwarmer into a first-teamer at Dynamo.
Some consider the Rotenberg case to serve as an example of the nepotism rampant in local football and the country at large under Putin as the game comes under the international microscope ahead of hosting the 2018 World Cup.
- Dressing room bust-up -
The decision of Dynamo manager Stanislav Cherchesov to hand a place to Rotenberg sparked a row in the dressing room between Russian international Igor Denisov and the coach.
As a result Denisov, famous for their fine play but also their 2012 protest at Zenit St Petersburg, where they demanded a pay rise and walked out on the club for a month over the vast salary paid to Brazilian forward Hulk, was dropped from the team and put up for transfer.
Others, however, including French international teammate Mathieu Valbuena say Rotenberg's persistence and diligence have won them a first team place.
"Rotenberg, like all Dynamo footballers, plays with passion," Valbuena said in a recent interview.
"He gives everything they have to achieve the desired result. I can't say anything bad about him."
However, questions remain over Rotenberg's sudden promotion given their record as a largely neglected substitute.
Rotenberg, who started playing football at the age of four in Finland, where their family migrated in the early 1990s, once had a trial with the youth team of English Premier League giants Chelsea, owned by Russian tycoon Roman Abramovich.
But nothing came of their trip to London.
Soon after returning to Russia, Rotenberg tried to impress Zenit St. Petersburg, the club owned by Russian state-run gas giant Gazprom. Again it was to no avail.
Following loans to Yaroslavl and Ramenskoye, where they played just five minutes in total, Rotenburg joined FC Khimki, a club sponsored by their father's bank at that time.
They made 13 appearances for Khimki in 2009, but failed to help the club to avoid relegation.
After unsuccessful loans to Maccabi Tel Aviv and former Russian champions Alania Vladikavkaz, Rotenberg signed a contract with Dynamo Moscow in 2011 aided by Konstantin Sarsania, the FC Khimki sporting director when Rotenberg was there.
They did not play for the team until 2013, when their father -- President Putin's judo sparring partner in their youth -- became club president.
- Interest from Finland? -
Rotenburg has shied away from commenting directly about the nepotism allegations.
"I play as much as I'm allowed," Rotenberg said in a recent interview with Soviet Sport daily. "My main goal is to help the team."
And their appearances for Dynamo's first team have attracted the attention of Finland's national manager Mixu Paatelainen.
Rotenberg, who holds Russian and Finnish citizenship, has been invited to a training camp this month for players on the fringe of Finland's national squad, according to Finnish football officials.
"I have been working for this for a very long time," Rotenberg commented on the international interest.
"And I'm very happy that my work hasn't gone unnoticed. It shows that I am doing everything right.
"I consider myself to be Russian but for the moment it looks like the Russian team is not interested in my services.
"But I believe for me it's not the end of the story. I'm set to continue my work to achieve further success."
NEW YORK -- Yankees team president Randy Levine called it "very sad" that former Mets manager Bobby Valentine would choose to say the Yankees were AWOL during the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks.
On the 12th anniversary of 9/11, Bobby Valentine (shown managing the Mets in 2001) said the Yankees were AWOL following the attacks. Keith Torrie/NY Daily News Archive/Getty Images
Valentine, appearing on WFAN Radio, made their comments on Wednesday, 12 years to the day of the tragedy.
"Bobby Valentine should know better than to be pointing fingers on a day like today," Levine said in a phone conversation. "Today is a day of reflection and prayer. The Yankees, as has been well documented, visited Ground Zero, the Armory, the Javits Center, St. Vincent's Hospital and many other places during that time. We continue to honor the 9/11 victims and responders.
"On this day, they would have been better to have kept their thoughts to themselves rather than seeking credit, which is very sad to me."
Valentine, who was the Mets' manager when the attacks took place, said they had to counsel players they said felt were much more active in the community than their Yankees counterparts.
"Let it be said that during the time from 9/11 to 9/21, the Yankees were [AWOL]," Valentine said on WFAN. "You couldn't find a Yankee on the streets of New York City. You couldn't find a Yankee down at Ground Zero, talking to the guys who were working 24/7."
They added: "Many of them didn't live here, and so it wasn't their fault. And many of them did not partake in all that, so there was some of that jealousy going around [among Mets players]. Like, 'Why are we so tired? Why are we wasted? Why have we been to the funerals and the firehouses, and the Yankees are getting all the credit for bringing baseball back?' And I said, 'This isn't about credit, guys. This is about doing the right thing.' "
On Wednesday, players, coaches and umpires across Major League Baseball wore American flag patches embroidered on the sides of their caps in commemoration of the tragedy. Special lineup cards were used, and patriotic on-field tributes were planned for the day's 15 games. Flags were half-staff, and there were moments of silence across baseball.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Shakespeare Solved ® is a forthcoming series of novels that covers the Bard's entire life and work.
These novels solve the mysteries surrounding Shakespeare by transporting us back in time, to walk in their shoes, and see their world through their eyes.
Only when we see Shakespeare in their original historical context can we understand what their plays and poems really mean.
This blog explains some of my ideas and discoveries, to prepare for this series of novels.
Please join over 70,000 people on facebook, Twitter & Google Plus following Shakespeare Solved ® -- the number one Shakespeare blog in the world!
Articles Written For:
The University of Oxford's Bodleian Library & The Royal Shakespeare Company
Most Popular Posts:
1. Shakespeare's Shylock Solved 2. Shakespeare's Othello Finally Identified 3. Shakespeare In Love Sequel Solved 4. The Real Romeo and Juliet 5. Shakespeare's Malvolio Solved 6. Shakespeare's Real Petruchio
MEDELLIN, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Saturday visited Medellin, epicenter of Colombia's narco wars of the 1980s and asked that God convert the hearts of the “drug assassins” who cut short so many young lives.
On their penultimate day in Colombia, Francis flew to Medellin, the city northwest of the capital that was once notorious as the stomping grounds of drug lord Pablo Escobar.
In unscripted comments at the last event of the day, they said they could not leave without mentioning the “painful memory” of “so many young lives truncated, discarded, destroyed”.
They asked their listeners to ask God “for forgiveness for those who destroyed the dreams of so many young people. Ask the Lord to convert their hearts, ask for an end to this defeat of young humanity.”
The Medellin that Francis visited is a city transformed since their predecessor Pope John Paul visited in 1986. It was then rife with violence among cartels, paramilitary groups and guerrillas that raged in the poor “comuna” neighborhoods on its outskirts.
The city is now heralded as a model of urban development. It has installed cable cars up the steep Andean slopes that surround it to save working-class residents a punishing climb, and it has built libraries in sections that were once sites of gun battles.
Feared drug trafficker Escobar, Medellin's most infamous resident, was gunned down in the city in a U.S.-backed operation in 1993. They were recently resurrected as a character in the popular Netflix series “Narcos.”
At the start of the day, Francis said a Mass where they urged Colombians to help their fellow citizens who hunger for food, dignity and God, pressing their appeal for the South American country to tackle social inequality.
Speaking in a homily to hundreds of thousands of people on muddied fields, Francis urged Colombians to “get involved” in helping each other and to embrace “acts of non-violence, reconciliation and peace.”
The leader of the world's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics has brought a message of national reconciliation as the country tries to heal the wounds left by a 50-year civil war and bitter disagreements over last year's peace deal with leftist guerrillas that some say lets them off too leniently.
On Friday in the tropical city of Villavicencio, the pontiff asked Colombians skeptical of the deal with the FARC guerrillas to be open to reconciliation with those who have repented, speaking hours after a top rebel leader asked the pontiff for forgiveness..
SOCIAL INJUSTICE
Francis has also used their trip to the predominantly Roman Catholic country to denounce the social inequality that still plagues Colombia, which has extreme poverty in some rural areas.
They have called for laws to tackle the structural causes of these problems, which they said spur violence.
Slideshow (13 Images)
Christians, they told the ecstatic crowd at the Mass, “are called upon to be brave, to have that evangelical courage which springs from knowing that there are many who are hungry, who hunger for God - how many people hunger for God! - who hunger for dignity, because they have been deprived.”
They visit the city of Cartagena on Sunday before leaving for Rome that night.
Netflix subscribers may soon have the opportunity to decide for themselves how stories unfold on their favorite shows as work begins on a new interactive storytelling technology. This new way of watching television will allow viewers the ability to control the fate of their favorite characters and make decisions on key plot points.
The streaming giant is looking for ways to make their original series interactive with branch narratives so that the more than 93 million Netflix subscribers in over 190 countries can decide how they want the story to go as they watch television. "Once you have got interactivity you can try anything," Netflix CEO Reed Hastings told The Daily Mail.
Later this year, Netflix will run a trial with a “Choose Your Own Adventure” children's show based on an established character. If this proves successful, there are plans to work with the same format for adult-oriented shows. There has been no confirmation yet as to whether Netflix will apply this interactive format to new shows only, or also include current fan favorites.
The company plans to have actors film numerous alternate plot segments in advance, allowing the viewer the ability to choose the direction they wish to take through the story. Some storylines will be simple and linear, others more complex.
An example could include the hugely popular fan favorite Orange Is The New Black, wherein a viewer will be able to decide if an inmate in the prison drama will join a gang, or not. The options are limitless.
Other storylines could potentially be much more complex and allow the viewer to connect various plot points in a multitude of ways, taking the story exactly where they want it to go. This new customized à la carte way of watching your favorite shows is likely to become hugely popular for those wanting the added viewing variety and control.
“Netflix's interactive content could potentially lead to a completely new level of engagement since some viewers would almost certainly want to see all of the available branches of a story and spend hours and hours exploring the various storylines,” said Ville Salminen, owner of streaming news site Cordcutting.com and Netflix tracking site Allflicks.
This experiment is just one more example of how the company continues to break new ground in an effort to make the television viewing experience better for fans and creators alike.
Salminen also points out that offering viewers choices that would change the plot of a show, even just a little, would lead to numerous hours of new content from the streamer, thus making interactive shows much more expensive than normal shows. “It's no surprise that Netflix will begin its experiment with children's shows, which don't involve as much complexity as shows for adults.” They then cited that Netflix did something similar last year with its original series, Kong: King of the Apes by giving viewers the option to unlock short bonus videos.
One question remains regarding viewing habits: Do fans want to choose, for example, the ending of a series, instead of leaving that decision to a show's creators? Netflix is synonymous with “chilling” and making such decisions requires effort. On the other hand, interactive content could appeal to a certain niche, such as gamers.
I've worked on a number of projects with Cucumber now, and I think it is a terrific tool. However, I've been seeing it used in ways that it was not originally intended for, the consequence being acceptance-test suites that grow increasingly slow, brittle and difficult to maintain.
These problems occur when developers start using Cucumber to drive overly-detailed tests. The problem of excessive UI testing with Cucumber has been blogged about in the past by Aslak Hellesøy – the creator of Cucumber – but I thought I'd cover some of my own experiences and opinions in this post.
The Thing About Developers
We developers are a funny bunch – we'll take a new tool and flog it to death, often pushing it way past what it was originally intended for. In some ways, this is only human, but the problem is that these failed experiments stay with us in the form of difficult-to-maintain code.
To make matters worse, when we discover the tool can't do absolutely everything we hoped, there'll be a backlash and we'll declare the tool to be rubbish. Those of us lucky enough to have the chance will move onto the next big thing, sometimes going right back to where we were in the first place, and failing to acknowledge the more modest (but not insignificant) advancement that the tool gave us in the first place. Those unlucky souls left behind will have to clean up the post-party mess, cursing those who moved on and the wretched tools and techniques that they used.
The technology and process landscape is littered with such roadkill. And I believe Cucumber is in danger of suffering the same fate.
What Should Happen…
So how is Cucumber supposed to be used? Well, it's worth remembering that Cucumber is primarily intended to be a collaboration tool, and only secondarily an automated testing tool. This is a point emphasised in the recently-published Cucumber Book by Hellesøy and Matt Wynne.
However, in my experience, this collaboration can be difficult to achieve. Business people mightn't want to write acceptance tests in that format, or might not even be able to; the format might be too far from what they're used to. They need developers to help them, but developers aren't particularly well known for their collaboration skills. Which brings me to…
What Actually Happens
So what usually happens is that developers dive in and start to write the features and scenarios themselves. At first this goes well, but it rapidly spirals out of control. For developers are, by necessity, detail-focussed, and their acceptance tests rapidly begin to reflect this fact. Being obsessed with DRY principles, they begin to re-use steps. To achieve this, step arguments are introduced. Data tables next. Examples get out of control. Lots of state begins to be stored between step definitions. Steps need to be executed in a particular order.
And before you know it, you've got a real mess on your hands. New team members find it harder and harder to understand the step implementations. When they want to add another small feature, they try and contrive extra data that will wend and weave its way through the system and exercise their code change. And if it all gets too hard, they'll start copying-and-pasting scenarios and tweaking them slightly to test the particular path they want to cover. The number of scenarios explodes and the test suite slows down.
It can get to a point where Cucumber starts to replace the role of unit-testing. This is unfortunate because whilst Cucumber is great, it's a poor choice for a unit testing tool. There are two reasons this is the case. Firstly: acceptance tests, functional tests, integration tests; call them what you will, but one property they all share is that they test the system as a whole rather than particular units. Hence the increasingly convoluted test-data gymnastics that we have to contrive in order to test new changes. Secondly, compared to writing your tests in code, all Cucumber is adding is an additional layer of indirection via a pseudo-natural-language syntax. If non-technical people aren't reading those steps, all you're adding is additional hoops to jump through for no benefit.
The Golden Rule
I have a basic criterion for whether Cucumber is going to add value to your project. In short, if your scenarios aren't understandable to business people, there's no point in using Cucumber.
If developers are going to write the acceptance tests, they need to exercise extreme diligence. They need to ensure that each scenario should be almost immediately comprehensible to a business person. A scenario should not be full of so many gory details and twists and turns that a business person glazes over when reading it.
Of course, this is easier said than done. It'd require developers to regularly go and get a business person to take a look at our new feature files and scenario definitions. Yet, for many developers, this is an inexplicably hard thing to do.
A strategy that I've seen some developers used to stop their Cucumber tests getting out of control is to avoid tables, examples, and even arguments in steps unless absolutely necessary. Better to have comprehensible steps with some repetition than highly-refactored steps, but unreadable scenarios.
If you're a developer who doesn't think you're going to be able to keep your feature files comprehensible, that's OK – just don't use Cucumber. Whilst in some ways this is a shame (because I think that it's healthy and beneficial for developers to write a couple of high-level scenarios for new functionality that they are going to implement), in other ways it's a relief, because if you just can't help yourself when it comes to getting down to the nitty-gritty, I'd much rather you wrote your tests in code than that you wrote them in Cucumber.
A Third Way
So what if you still really want to use Cucumber, despite the fact that you can't trust yourself to write scenarios that are comprehensible to the business, and the business is incapable of writing scenarios at all?
I have found testers to be great people to drive the development of feature files (or at least have a red-hot go at kicking them off). They can interact with the business to get a high-level picture, fill out the details, then get developers to write the step definition code (which developers just love to do because they just love to code). Testers are far enough away from the code to avoid unit-testing, yet close enough to check the important details.
The only trap testers should avoid falling into is this: when the developers have got all of the automated acceptance tests passing, testers should most definitely not use those tests as a script for their own manual testing (a strange phenomenon I have seen on a couple of occasions). Instead, they should use their new-found time and freedom to engage in exploratory testing.
Summing Up
I believe that Cucumber is only appropriate if non-technical people are going to be reading (and preferably writing) the steps. Whilst in theory Cucumber is a great tool for behaviour-driven development at any level, I've seen too many developers struggling to write comprehensible scenarios and step-definition code that is understandable to other developers, let alone non-technical people. The result is often a Cucumber test suite that is slow, brittle and difficult to maintain.
I'd rather that developers wrote their test in plain-old code, unless a business person is going to look a. I also believe that, rather than trying to put a natural-language wrapper around their tests, developer effort would be better expended just trying to make test code more understandable.
High-level acceptance tests written in Cucumber are great, but let's not go overboard. Let's not let Cucumber become another technology roadkill, run down by over-zealous developers. And let's not leave ourselves a test-suite legacy that we'll all regret.
An unidentified Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) official looking to leave the Trump administration discovered they may not have the right skills for work outside the federal government.
“[W]hat I've discovered in looking at new jobs is that our skills are not easily transferable outside of government agencies,” the EPA employee wrote in New York Magazine. “The way you progress here is a little bit different.”
Of all federal workers, EPA officials have been some of the most vocal critics of the Trump administration's proposed budget cuts and regulatory rollbacks. Some EPA employees even used encrypted messaging apps to coordinate their resistance to Trump.
The EPA employee was one of six federal workers who wrote short pieces for New York Magazine on the “Ethics of Sticking It Out With the Trump Administration.”
The EPA employee, who claims to work research and policy issues, worries the agency is “only going to get worse” under Administrator Scott Pruitt.
“We're just not optimistic at all,” the employee wrote. “Some people say, Oh, none of it's really going to happen; the budget cuts aren't going to be that bad; he'll get impeached. But I don't think so. I think we're in for at least four years of this. Plus, I'm in the prime of my career, and to waste four years of it is not something I'm interested in doing.”
“A lot of us are looking, but we want to stick it out as long as we can — in the hope that, I don't know, something changes,” the employee wrote. “I really love my job, and I thought I would just stay. But now that I've started interviewing for stuff, it just feels like, if I don't really sell myself and get out sooner rather than later, I might be stuck.”
The employee also mentioned how agency officials were “booing” and silently “giving the finger” to President Donald Trump when they visited EPA headquarters in late March.
Trump visited EPA's Washington, D.C., headquarters to sign an executive order to repeal the Clean Power Plan, which was put in place by the Obama administration in 2015 to fight global warming.
“There was a little booing. It was mostly silence. There were people silently giving the finger, but nobody was shouting obscenities. Maybe whispering them,” the employee said of Trump's visit.
Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
After the heart-breaking news that Saints Linebacker Hau'oli Kikaha will miss the entire 2016 NFL regular season, the New Orleans Saints have a hole on their roster - not at Linebacker, but at Defensive End, where reports indicated they ended to use Kikaha in the 2016 season.
Let's look at four NFL free agents who could help fill that void on a full-time basis. As a bonus, all four played their last full season with an NFC South team.
Kroy Biermann - Biermann, a 7-year NFL veteran, played their entire career with the Atlanta Falcons. Still just 30 years old, Biermann has amassed 333 tackles, 3 forced fumbles, and 23.5 sacks in their career. They led the Falcons in sacks in 2014 (with just 4.5), and is a known leader in the locker room. Even with the additions of Roman Harper and James Laurinaitis, the Saints will continue to look for veteran leadership on a young defensive unit.
Henry Melton - Melton, a 6-year NFL vet, played in 2015 with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In a mostly reserve role, Melton finished with two sacks, two fumble recoveries, and two passes defended. At one point in their career, Melton was a dominant defensive lineman, but they underwhelmed in Tampa Bay. They could, though, play as a Defensive Tackle or at Defensive End as needed by the Saints.
Da'Quan Bowers - Bowers is another former Buccaneer, and is the youngest of the group so far, at only 26 years old. Bowers was drafted by Tampa Bay in 2011, but was released in 2015 after injuries continued to plague their career (he has only 7 sacks in 50 games over their career). Still, Bowers has shown flashes of their potential and could look to latch on in New Orleans with playing time almost guaranteed.
Greg Hardy - Yes, I'm cheating a little bit with the NFC South reference considering they played in 2015 with the Dallas Cowboys, but their last full season came in 2014 with the Carolina Panthers. Most NFL fans are fully aware of their domestic violence charge, but they have since served their suspension. However, they have yet to find a new home in the NFL. Will the Junior Galette-issue scare the Saints away from signing this troubled but talented player? Would you even want to have to root for them as a member of the Saints?
An Ontario man accused of fatally stabbing their girlfriend in Kitchener, Ont., posting it on Reddit and evading capture by fleeing to the United States for more than two months, has been arrested in Texas.
Waterloo Regional Police said 24-year-old Ager Hasan was taken into custody by the U.S. Secret Service during a random traffic stop in San Antonio on Tuesday.
“The U.S. Secret Service was conducting an ongoing investigation into counterfeit currency at which time they conducted the traffic stop and made the arrest,” Insp. Mike Haffner told reporters during a press conference Wednesday afternoon.
“They then liaised with Homeland Security and Border Services connected with our organization and ultimately executed the warrant.”
Police said Hasan was arrested while driving a black 2016 Honda HR-V with an Arkansas licence plate.
Homicide suspect Ager Hasan has been arrested in Texas. Thank you to our US law enforcement partners, community & media. pic.twitter.com/rDCZ3l0Ecu — Waterloo Reg. Police (@WRPSToday) July 12, 2017
The arrest comes two days after a person claiming to be a suspect wanted for the murder of 22-year-old Melinda Vasilije posted a message on Instagram hinting they may turn themselves in.
“I'm coming home. It's time to end the dark path I've been traveling and give people the closure they deserve,” the post read.
Hasan, of Hamilton, Ont., was wanted on a Canada-wide arrest warrant for second-degree murder in connection with the stabbing death of Vasilije.
READ MORE: Ontario man wanted for murder of girlfriend posts on Instagram
Them body was located in a Kitchener apartment on April 28 in what police said was a targeted attack.
“The arrest of Mr. Hasan provides significant closure to our community and to our investigators as they now can prepare for the judicial proceedings,” Haffner said.
“We hope this arrest provides some closure and comfort to the family of Melinda as they continue to deal with the grief of their loss.”
Waterloo Regional Police said investigators have had continuous contact with Hasan via email since the Canada-wide warrant was issued but would not reveal the details of the conversation.
“I'm not at liberty to say nor do I know the exact date of the last conversation our investigators had with Mr. Hasan,” Haffner said. “However throughout the conversation through email the encouragement was for Mr. Hasan to turn themselves in.”
VIDEO: Ager Hasan detained during traffic stop in Texas: Waterloo Police
READ MORE: Ontario man wanted in girlfriend's murder described on Reddit may be heading to Mexico
Police had also been looking into three other messages posted on the Instagram account last month.
One of the three posts consisted of Hasan appearing in a short video with no audio, another is a photo of Hasan and Vasilije appearing together, which has since been deleted, and the third is an artistic video which did not show the accused.
Days after Vasilije's death, a post on the website Reddit emerged that appeared to describe their killing in vivid detail and was purported to be written by Hasan.
Police have yet to say whether the social media accounts have been linked to him.
“With the number of social media posts that have been allegedly been provided by him, one of the difficulties we have as a law enforcement agency is dealing with legislation in relation to privacy and IP addresses,” Haffner said.
“Ultimately it causes significant delays in trying to locate individuals, gain information and more important located where Mr. Hasan was.”
READ MORE: ‘I did it': Police investigating Reddit post describing Ontario woman's murder
The accused crossed the U.S.-Canada border on April 28 in a black 2016 Honda HR-V with Ontario licence plate BPKT509. Police said the accused managed to steal a Pennsylvania licence plate from a Walmart parking lot.
VIDEO: Police discuss ‘complicated' manhunt for Ager Hasan
Hasan was last seen in Tennessee on May 20 and was believed to be heading to Mexico, but a caption in an Instagram video refuted the assertion.
“The information we had during their arrest yesterday is that they look very similar to what they looked like on April 28, 2017,” Haffner said.
“In relation to their travels throughout the U.S., I'm unable to comment on where they went to or whether they made it to the Mexican border.”
Police said Hasan will appear in a San Antonio court on Wednesday and an extradition process will follow soon after to bring them back to Canada.
Haffner said police have been in contact with the victim's family and that they have requested privacy.
Authorities said they received a number of tips on the case by telephone and through social media and are encouraging anyone with information to continue to come forward.
Anyone with details on the case is asked to call police at 519-653-7700 ext. 8666 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
38 Galleries: Gov. Chris Christie takes state police helicopter to son's baseball game
TRENTON — Facing broad criticism for flying by helicopter to watch their son's high school baseball game in Bergen County, Gov. Chris Christie refused today to refund the state for Tuesday's $2,500-an-hour flight.
"The governor does not reimburse for security and travel," a spokesperson for the governor, Kevin Roberts, said in an e-mail message. "The use of air travel has been extremely limited and appropriate."
The State Police said the flight taken by Christie and their wife, Mary Pat, had presented "no additional cost to taxpayers."
That didn't stop a horde of Democratic legislators — and even some conservative commentators — from denouncing the use of the helicopter by a governor who has become widely admired for their insistence on fiscal austerity.
Christie flew from downtown Trenton to Montvale, where their son Andrew was playing baseball for Delbarton, their high school team. They stayed five innings before getting back into the helicopter, accompanied by their wife. From there they flew to Princeton, the police said, for a dinner at Drumthwacket, the governor's mansion, with a group of wealthy Republican donors from Iowa who were in New Jersey to try to persuade Christie to run for president.
Assemblywoman Valerie Vainieri Huttle (D-Bergen) chided the governor today for what they called their "do as I say, not as I do" attitude.
"I can't remember how many times I had to skip political events because my children had games or school activities," Vainieri Huttle said. "Leaving in the fifth inning to meet with wealthy Iowa political donors says something about the governor's priorities. Perhaps their presidential courters can help them foot the bill so our taxpayers aren't on the hook for such perks when they are calling for sacrifice."
Even a conservative talk show host from Fox News, Greta Van Susteren, added to the stream of criticism. They took to their blog to question why the governor had used the helicopter.
"In these very, very difficult times for most Americans, it looks really bad when a politician is spending (or appearing to be spending) taxpayer money in lavish ways," Van Susteren wrote.
Amid the flak, State Police Supt. Rick Fuentes issued a statement saying the pilots would have been in the air training even had they not been ferrying the governor and their wife in the new $12.5 million helicopter.
"Therefore, there is no additional cost to taxpayers or the State Police budget, nor is there any interference with our daily mission by adding the state's chief executive to any of these trips," Fuentes said.
The use of state helicopters by governors of both parties has been a flashpoint for decades. But the practice has been to reimburse the state for flights not related to official business. In 2002, the Democratic Party paid the state $18,200 for 14 flights by Gov. Jim McGreevey that were deemed political or personal, including one to a wedding.
Gov. Christie Whitman repaid the state when they took a police helicopter to a New Jersey Devils game at the Meadowlands.
According to Fuentes, Christie has traveled on the state's helicopter 35 times since taking office in January 2010 — far less than previous governors — including trips to survey flood and storm damage. The dates and locations of those trips were not made public.
"As part of our long-standing security protocol, the EPU (Executive Protection Unit) provides secure, protected travel by vehicle in the overwhelming majority of the governor's business and personal travel, except in those rare instances when the governor's schedule warrants use of air travel," Fuentes said.
A State Police spokesperson, Sgt. Stephen Jones, emphasized that pilots are constantly logging hours in the new helicopters and would probably have been flying even if the governor had not been aboard.
"The destinations might be different," Jones said. "But they'd be logging flight hours — flying over rail systems or transportation hubs or ports or chemical or nuclear facilities."
As for Christie's use of a car to get the 100 yards from the landing site to the ball park, which was ridiculed by Van Susteren and others, Jones said the cars were there for the governor's safety.
"If the helicopter got called away for a higher priority mission, then the governor would be transported to their next location on the ground," Jones said.
By Ginger Gibson and Chris Megerian/The Star-Ledger
It's a fact of human nature that we are all titillated on some level by the mere notion of sex, and chances are many of us spend a good portion of our free time either having sex or thinking about it.
Because of this, it's only natural to be curious about how the whole process takes place in other creatures. And if my research in animal sex biology has taught me anything, it's that, on the whole, human sex is pretty uneventful compared to most of our wild counterparts.
Here are some astounding facts about sex in the animal kingdom:
1. You can't have non-consensual sex with an elephant
Elephants belong to a unique group of mammals - also including hyenas - where females have an externally elongated clitoris that looks just like a penis. It's called a pseudo-penis, and its existence means that an observer cannot tell the sex of the animal by simply looking at their external genitalia.
This also means that in order for a male to copulate with a female, they must first retract their pseudo-penis inside of their own body (picture turning a sock inside out). If they do not do this, he's out of luck.
2. Love takes sacrifice
Male Tidarren spiders have penises that are so monstrous, dragging them around takes a lot of time and energy. So after they have successfully mated, they just rip them right off.
Once they are successfully transformed into eunuchs, they then have a new lease on life - and enough stamina to guard their mates from the interested eyes of other suitors. It all comes, sadly, at the cost of never being able to have sex again.
3. It's hard to find love in the big city
Unlike humans, who tend to have a better chance of finding a mate in densely populated areas, birds in big cities have trouble finding mates because their seductive mating calls can't be heard over traffic and the general cacophony of urban life.
4. Fifty Shades has nothing on the animal kingdom
Due to the harsh reality that - biologically speaking, -sperm is ultra-abundant and cheap, whereas eggs are rare and expensive, males sometimes deploy extreme measures to get their potential female partners to submit to their advances.
Depending on the species, this can include eye clamps in male water striders, piercing penile spines, or even a neurophysiological hijack.
5. You've got to love the one with you're with
Female chimps, like female humans, are more likely to experience an orgasm when having sex with a preferred partner.
And social status means everything - in a study of Japanese macaques, the highest frequency of female orgasms was found among pairs formed by high-ranking males and low-ranking females, and the lowest frequency of orgasms was found in pairs formed by low-ranking males and high-ranking females.
6. Never underestimate the impact of a mother
Even once their offspring are grown, mother orcas continue to protect their adult sons from encounters with other whales. But they don't do the same for their adult daughters.
There are valid biological reasons for this kind of sex-based favouritism - daughters bring more work to the group via their own offspring, for example.
And the males seem to really need all the help they can get. A recent study found that in the year following their mother's death, adult male killer whales were three times more likely to die themselves.
7. Females can do just fine without a mate
Female damselflies have a storage organ within their own bodies that can store sperm, and they can obtain all the sperm they will need for their entire reproductive lifespan in just one or two copulations.
8. Safe sex is smart sex
Even the animal kingdom isn't immune from sexually transmitted diseases. A nasty STD can afflict even the cutest creatures. Just ask any koala in Australia, where nearly all of the species in the country have been infected with a strain of chlamydia.
But the good news is help is now on the way, thanks to this new drug candidate.
Carin Bondar received a PhD in population ecology from the University of British Columbia.
 They are the author of the book, Wild Sex: The Science Behind Mating in the Animal Kingdom, based on their popular web series of the same name, which has received over 50 million views online.
The Dyldam Parramatta Eels are thrilled to announce Co-Captain Tim Mannah has re-signed with the club for an additional three seasons.
A local junior, Tim has spent their entire NRL career with the Eels since debuting in 2009 and has currently played 129 first grade games in Blue and Gold.
“I'm very excited to be sticking around because Parramatta is home,” Mannah said.
“I walk in the office and see people I've known since I was a kid; it's a place I love being at, and I'm really honoured to be at this club.”
“To pull on the Blue and Gold jersey means a lot, and to be able to play in a team I'm so passionate about and with a club that I love never stops giving me a buzz.”
Head Coach Brad Arthur says Tim is part of the fabric of the Eels, and is thrilled to see a Parramatta junior remain with the club until the end of the 2017 season.
“With Tim it's not just about the talent they bring on the field,” Arthur said.
“He's the type of person you want to build your club around, and I'm glad to see them staying in Blue and Gold.”
Mannah is also an ambassador for the Ronald McDonald House at Westmead, and in 2013 was a nominee for the NRL's Ken Stephen Medal for service to the community.
“Tim is a fantastic ambassador for our club, not only for their efforts in the team, but for their hard work with various organisations in our community,” Dyldam Parramatta Eels CEO Scott Seward said.
“He's a great leader and we're very proud to see them re-sign with the club for the next three seasons.”
In 2013, Tim established the Mannah Foundation, which will be fundraising at Monday night's Johnny Mannah Cup game against the Cronulla Sharks.
Click through to buy your tickets for the game and join us to #celebratejohnny!
The last minute negotiations in Washington to avoid a budget shortfall show that short-termism is well grounded in US politics. And by contrast, it shows that despite their controversial handling of the euro crisis, the German chancellor is wise enough to instead push for long-term solutions.
To hijack a phrase made famous by the US historian Robert Kagan, “Americans are from Mars and Europeans from Venus” when it comes to dealing with questions of long-term fiscal health.
The fact that the best Washington politicians could come up with in the face of the so-called “fiscal cliff” is a stripped-down, minimalist agreement belies a genuine US interest in solving its long-term budget deficit problem.
This is not mainly because of US partisan differences (though it often is portrayed as such). Americans of whatever political stripe simply are not serious about the nation's long-term fiscal health.
How else could you interpret the fact that the only way Washington politicians could be coaxed into accepting an even modest amount of fiscal austerity in pursuit of long-term fiscal health was to convince them – with gimmicks like the “fiscal cliff” – that greater amounts of austerity awaited had they failed to take at least a minimal dose of fiscal medicine now?
Jumping off the fiscal cliff
If US President Barack Obama and Congress really cared about fixing the country's budget deficit problem, they would have enthusiastically jumped off the “fiscal cliff” with its mandated spending cuts and tax increases, not endlessly haggled to circumvent it.
This is just the opposite of what is happening in Europe where German Chancellor Angela Merkel is leading the charge for short-term fiscal pain in pursuit of long-term fiscal gain. Keynesians and supply-siders both disagree but Mrs Merkel is sticking to their guns that Europe can not return to sustainable growth and prosperity without first putting its fiscal house in order – and they are creatively using German money to get the German rules they want for Europe.
This – plus the fact that they have been both wise and courageous enough to embrace Mario Draghi's market-stabilising bond-buying program in the face of determined Bundesbank opposition – is the reason I believe they deserve to be Europe's person of the year.
Investors note: 2013 looks like the year markets start to realise it's the “people from Venus” who are on the right track and the “Martians” who are on the wrong one. It's the Americans who are kicking the fiscal reform can down the road, not the Europeans.
‘Tidal wave of turmoil'
This is putting Europe in danger as well as America. Washington's failure to address US long-term fiscal health can spark a virtual tidal wave of turmoil throughout the entire global economy. We live in the kind of inter-connected world where the “people from Venus” can suffer grave consequences if the “people from Mars” are not tending to business.
A blow up of the US bond market would do serious damage to Europeans and Americans alike (not to mention the Asians).
Part of the blame for US fiscal health problems rests squarely on the shoulders of the US Federal Reserve, whose quantitative easing policies – whether intentionally or not – have made it easier for US politicians to put the nation's long-term fiscal health on the back burner.
Why make painful fiscal reforms to protect your sovereign debt when the central bank's unconditional buying of US bonds does the job for you? (The ECB is demanding reforms before it spends a euro on bond buying).
Fed chairperson Ben Bernanke undoubtedly would be loath to admit it but quantitative easing, Federal Reserve style has helped take the air out of the US fiscal reform balloon.
Thirty-five percent.
That's what Kentucky shot from three-point range in the regular season in 2014–15, a mark that was O.K. (it ranked 137th in the country) yet sufficient, largely because that juggernaut of a team had so many offensive weapons—especially in the post—that it didn't need to light it up from the arc.
And when last year's Wildcats did need a three-pointer, they could turn to Devin Booker and Tyler Ulis, who attempted a combined 218 shots from the perimeter and made 41.7% of them.
Flash-forward to 2015–16, and it's clear that this year's guard-oriented Kentucky group needs to utilize the three-pointer more than its predecessor. The problem? Night in and night out, the Wildcats can't seem to buy one.
​Ulis is back, but while the sophomore has looked outstanding at times this season (most notably in wins over Duke and Wright State), they have struggled with their shot, shooting 35.1% from the field and just 28.1% from three. Maybe Ulis is simply in a slump, or maybe their shooting has been affected by the fact that he's drawing a lot more attention from opposing defenses than they were last season.
Remember the 35% mark that last year's Wildcats averaged from three? Through nine games, this year's squad has only met that plateau twice, and the other seven games have been flat-out ugly.
Two for 12, 3 for 15, 2 for 10, 3 for 10, 5 for 21, 8 for 25. All of those are three-point lines belonging to UK this season, and that was before the Wildcats went 4 for 19 (21.1%) from behind the arc on Wednesday in an 88–67 win over Eastern Kentucky.
• DAVIS: When will the 10 remaining undefeated teams lose?
All that adds up to a Wildcat team shooting a dismal 27.5% from three. That's not just poor, that's in the bottom of the Division I barrel. There are 351 teams in D-1. When it comes to three-point percentage, Kentucky is ranked No. 326. That's a ton of potential points left on the floor, which partly explains why some of its point margins in wins (+13 over Albany, +15 over Wright State, +12 over Illinois State) haven't been as large as we're accustomed to seeing from John Calipari-coached teams.
Shooting 21% from three might be enough to cut it against Eastern Kentucky in December (though the Colonels and their high-powered offense did provide a few scares at Rupp), but those kinds of performances will leave the Cats with very little room for error in others aspect of the game when they face teams like Louisville and Kansas, or hit conference play. The play of Skal Labissiere has been up and down—as is normal for freshmen big men—and as talented as Ulis, Isaiah Briscoe and Jamal Murray are at getting to the rim, this team must get its outside shooting going if it wants to reach its potential.
And if its shooting doesn't improve? Consider Kentucky's loss to UCLA last week, when the Bruins packed it in the paint on defense to force the Wildcats into attempting 25 threes (they made eight) and several ill-advised long jumpers. The plan worked beautifully for UCLA because Murray was the only Wildcat who proved to be an outside threat and the extra bodies in the paint helped the Bruins shut down Labissiere.
The other concern about Kentucky's poor three-point shooting so far is that some of its worst outings have come against teams that shouldn't be posing much of a defensive threat. Eastern Kentucky is ranked No. 333 in the nation in kenpom.com's adjusted defensive efficiency, and while the Cats ultimately poured in 88 points, it should've been a game where they could have built some confidence from behind the arc. Instead they went 4 for 19. This doesn't bode well for when UK faces SEC foes Vanderbilt and Tennessee, who are holding opponents to 29.1% and 29.2% three-point shooting, respectively.
Getting Ulis going from downtown could go a long way toward improving the situation, but when you're No. 326 in the nation it's going to take more than one player to see a substantial change. Murray has been streaky from the outside, but considering he's 18 and has just nine college games to their name, it's probably a safe bet to assume he'll find some consistency. The real question is: how soon?
Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Shooting guard Mychal Mulder was heralded as a sharpshooter when they committed to Calipari in April—he averaged 46.3% from behind the arc as a sophomore in junior college—but they have yet to crack the Cats' rotation and has logged only 16 minutes total. The assumption would be that Mulder isn't quite ready to play meaningful minutes for Kentucky, but if they can play the role of a catch-and-shoot three-point specialist, they could be a valuable weapon off the bench.
The good news for Kentucky is that A) it is only December and B) it is an extremely young team that is only scratching the surface of its potential. There's no reason to assume this poor outside shooting will continue forever, but a 27.5% average through nine games is enough to realize this weakness is not a fleeting trend. Kentucky doesn't necessarily need to shoot the lights out from deep to achieve its goals this season, and it's certainly not the Wildcats' only flaw so far. Even just reaching a respectable level of three-point shooting could take this team from very good to scary good and send a message to any team planning to use the UCLA approach in an effort to catch lightning in a bottle twice.
Time will tell what kind of Kentucky team this will truly be. Will it habitually need to overcome a poor night from behind the arc and hope its opponent isn't trading twos for threes? Or one that can beat teams with a true inside-outside game, punishing opponents who think they can pack the paint?
In the mid 1960s, Chuck Hasley and Thor Svenson fought a titanic battle for the soul of Windansea Surf Club, and Svenson came out on top. That's my take. Who knows, I could be way out on a limb. Impossible to know for sure, at any rate. Hasley's been dead 10 years, and Svenson—who knows. Vanished. Nobody talks about Svenson.
Hasley formed the club in 1963. They were a surfer, a basketball coach, a good-timer. Easy smile. Friend to one and all. Glad to throw back a shot in the parking lot during the morning surf check. Hasley put the club together the same way he'd put together a party: invite all the best people, calculate the alcohol requirement and double it, keep out the riffraff. And the cool people did indeed come. Dora, Cabell, Edwards, van Artsdalen, Hynson, Kanaiaupuni, Frye, Godfrey, Doyle, Munoz, Hoffman, Purpus, Takayama—the Windansea Surf Club membership list goes from here to the sidewalk.
Windansea debuted at the 1963 Malibu Invitational. Hasley hired a bus for the trip north; it pulled out just after closing time at Maynard's Bar in Pacific Beach, with a local band set up in back doing R&B covers, amps hooked into a generator. Butch van Artsdalen dumped a pitcher of beer onto the roof of a police car right off the bat and was arrested, so first stop was the holding tank to throw Butch's bail. “From time to time,” Hasley later said, recalling the long rollicking nighttime drive up the coast, “you'd hear the bus driver yelling, ‘Hey, don't do that!' Guys were coming up from behind and putting their hands over their eyes. They wouldn't stop the bus, so we had to hold Pat Curren—completely naked—out the window so they could piss. We didn't get to Malibu until six that morning. The first three people to get off the bus passed out in the parking lot.”
Upshot? The bus driver turned around and burned rubber back to San Diego. The contest started. With the aid of coffee and benzedrine, Windansea sobered up and ran the field, putting five surfers in the six-man final. (Van Artsdalen, less sober than the rest, still managed to lose their trunks during the paddle relay.)
Thor Svenson, as shadowy as they were well-groomed—a talent agent who rarely surfed themselves but very much enjoyed the company of surfers—was brought into Windansea as a PR-organization man. They became Windansea's Brian Epstein. Got everyone to comb their hair. Told them to quit pissing out of bus windows. Fitted their boys out in smart dark-blue nylon team jackets with their names stitched on the chest. It was Svenson who arranged for Windansea club members to take blind children surfing, and Svenson who accepted a key to the city on the club's behalf from the Mayor of Honolulu. They all but pulled the strings on van Artsdalen's mouth when Black Butch, straight-faced, told a Surf Guide magazine reporter that the sport was “getting a bad name due to some rowdy members; people who show off by being destructive. Real surfers are polite, and give the sport a good name.”
In 1967, when Svenson headed up a venture to Sydney for an Australia vs. Windansea club contest, they did so with a Hollywood film crew in tow, a book deal in place, and a formal letter of introduction from California Governor Ronald Reagan. “I shall personally appreciate,” Reagan wrote, “any courtesies extended to these fine Californians and ambassadors of good will.”
Advertisement
Club founder Chuck Hasley was left behind. Still smiling. Still surfing. Getting into some new ventures. (The Feds nailed them for wholesale pot dealing in 1970; Hasley did four years on a 15-year sentence.)
So yeah, Svenson won. I guess.
On the other hand, Windansea got their asses handed to them in Sydney, in that club contest. The Aussies were already onto the short surfboard. The Windansea guys, like everybody else, were still riding tanks. The club never fully recovered.
And Svenson? They moved to Australia, became a teacher, and then…vanished, apparently. There are five or six additional layers of mystery, black humor and depravity to the Windansea story. Start digging, and I'm sure that eventually you'll find Svenson.
ISIL has claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing that left up to 49 Yemeni soldiers dead at a military base in Aden, a week after a similar attack that also killed dozens of troops in the southern port city.
Military officials and medics told the AFP news agency early on Sunday that the suicide bomber detonated their explosives as a group of soldiers is gathering to collect their salaries at the al-Solban base in the city's northeast.
Aden al-Ghad, a local news website, said several people were wounded in the blast as thousands of men queued up at the entrance of the base.
Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, known as ISIS) have exploited the war to carry out assassinations and bombings, mostly in lawless southern Yemeni areas nominally controlled by the government.
Bombings and shootings in the region have been increasingly targeting officials and security forces in recent months.
Sunday's attack happened just eight days after another bombing claimed by ISIL, killed 48 soldiers and wounded 29 others.
In a statement posted via its Amaq news agency, ISIL said Sunday's attacker, who it identified as Abu Hashem al-Radfani, detonated an explosive vest amid a crowd of soldiers.
Armed groups have gained ground in the south of the country since forces loyal to President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi - backed by an Arab coalition assembled by Saudi Arabia - drove the Houthi fighters out of Aden in July last year.
Since then, the government and the Arab coalition have struggled to enforce their control, as ISIL and al-Qaeda use the security vacuum to carry out attacks.
At least 10,000 people have been killed in the 20-month conflict, which has prompted a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished country, according to the UN.
Every member of Congress--but particularly the chairs of the intelligence committees--needs to read today's explosive Wall Street Journal article before considering moving forward on any FISA legislation.
Five years ago, Congress killed an experimental Pentagon antiterrorism program meant to vacuum up electronic data about people in the U.S. to search for suspicious patterns. Opponents called it too broad an intrusion on Americans' privacy, even after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
But the data-sifting effort didn't disappear. The National Security Agency, once confined to foreign surveillance, has been building essentially the same system.
The central role the NSA has come to occupy in domestic intelligence gathering has never been publicly disclosed. But an inquiry reveals that its efforts have evolved to reach more broadly into data about people's communications, travel and finances in the U.S. than the domestic surveillance programs brought to light since the 2001 terrorist attacks....
Two former officials familiar with the data-sifting efforts said they work by starting with some sort of lead, like a phone number or Internet address. In partnership with the FBI, the systems then can track all domestic and foreign transactions of people associated with that item -- and then the people who associated with them, and so on, casting a gradually wider net. An intelligence official described more of a rapid-response effect: If a person suspected of terrorist connections is believed to be in a U.S. city -- for instance, Detroit, a community with a high concentration of Muslim Americans -- the government's spy systems may be directed to collect and analyze all electronic communications into and out of the city.
The haul can include records of phone calls, email headers and destinations, data on financial transactions and records of Internet browsing. The system also would collect information about other people, including those in the U.S., who communicated with people in Detroit....
Two current officials also said the NSA's current combination of programs now largely mirrors the former TIA project. But the NSA offers less privacy protection. TIA developers researched ways to limit the use of the system for broad searches of individuals' data, such as requiring intelligence officers to get leads from other sources first. The NSA effort lacks those controls, as well as controls that it developed in the 1990s for an earlier data-sweeping attempt.
Sen. Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee who led the charge to kill TIA, says "the administration is trying to bring as much of the philosophy of operation Total Information Awareness as it can into the programs they're using today." The issue has been overshadowed by the fight over telecoms' immunity, they said. "There's not been as much discussion in the Congress as there ought to be."
Just thunderous. Rolling, driving, relentless like a storm across the prairie, Heartless Bastards blew in to First Avenue on Monday night and shook the stage for almost a solid two hours. Touring in support of their latest effort, Restless Ones, frontwoman Erika Wennerstrom announced from stage, “We're really excited about our new record, it came out what, two weeks ago? Tour ends up blurring it all together.”
Their set showed no such confusion though, kicking off with fan favorite “Simple Feeling” and then tearing into the new single “Gates of Dawn” for a set that was focused and rarely let up. They alternated throughout the night between established songs, leaning heavily on 2012's Arrow and new tunes, each one standing up to the next. With Jesse Ebaugh on bass and pedal steel, and Dave Colvin on drums providing a constancy and thrill on songs like “Gotta Have Rock and Roll” and the new “Hi-Line,” the country-inflected rock filed the whole room. For the slower touch of the new “Pocket Full of Thirst,” Mark Nathan's longing guitar held the crowd in thrall.
Wennerstrom's evolution throughout the band's career has given them an enviable and mesmerizing range, from a plain-spoken country warble to raspy rock n' roll bellow to an almost ethereal incantation. For the last third for the set, surrounded by what may be pound-for-pound the best bar bands you'll hear outside of a honky-tonk, Wennerstrom Held the center as their bandmates popped up to deliver cheer-inducing flourishes of talent as they moved through roaring tunes like “Low Low Low” and the set closer “Parted Ways.”
Heartless Bastards weren't quite ready to let it go, though, as they had to make up for not having been through Minneapolis in three years – “Too long!” in Wennerstrom and the crowd's estimation. For the encore, they wrapped it up with the haunting, pulsing “Tristessa” from Restless Ones, Wennerstrom solo on stage as the reverb washed around her, a powerful benediction from a singular voice.
Another singular voice was on the bill on Monday, although probably more acclaimed for their lyrical intelligence than their musical range. Still, Craig Finn, usually of the Hold Steady, formerly of Lifter Puller, did pull out some new sounds while showcasing their trademark narrative wit while performing in advance of their second solo full-length, Faith in the Future, out this September.
Finn performed all of their songs with an acoustic guitar, joined onstage by Arun Bali on electric guitar providing “atmospherics,” as they called them in a listening party with 89.3 The Current on Sunday night. Finn kicked it off with the new song “Maggie I've Been Searching For Our Son,” a heavy recounting of a father seeking some closure at the end of an eventful life, including the portentous line, “There a darkness in my body / and I think I may be ready.”
There were a couple nods to their previous bands, with two tunes from The Hold Steady's 2004 Almost Killed Me making an appearance in the set, “Modesto is Not That Sweet” and “Certain Songs.” They also brought up Lifter Puller's Steve Barone for a rendition of “Mission Viejo” and intimating that the upcoming D'4th of July at the Triple Rock Social Club would be a good place to be if you liked that band.
From songs about studio life inspired by their experiences with 9/11 (“Newmeyer's Roof”) to the lucid dreaming of being on tour (“Extras”) Finn's incisive, poetic slices of life were wrapped in more gauzy sonic touches than the more straightforward bar-rock of the Hold Steady, but it was in the lyrics that they still had the sharpest hooks. Closing out the night with “Dennis & Billy,” a solo tune about two friends growing apart through addiction, Finn delivered one of their most poignant lyrics about life – “He went for the handle / Got bit by the blade” – in a voice that has seen a lot. But as Finn put it, the new record is about “finding light after darkness,” and the power of music to help that along.
"Parted Ways" Heartless Bastards at First Avenue [SNIPPET] from CakeIn15 on Vimeo.
"Mission Viejo" Lifter Puller – Craig Finn with Steve Barone at First Avenue from CakeIn15 on Vimeo.
The American Medical Association (AMA) is calling for federal action to ban antibiotic use in food animals for growth promotion purposes so as to slow the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. “Use drives resistance and overuse drives resistance to happen even faster,” said David Wallinga, a physician on the Keep Antibiotics Working steering committee. There is also overuse in hospitals, but, they said, “As much as 70 percent of the use in agriculture is unnecessary or overuse.” Resolution 513, which was adopted earlier this month at AMA's annual meeting, also calls for members to support regulatory and legislative measures requiring that antibiotic prescriptions for animals be overseen by a veterinarian within a valid context and for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to expand its surveillance and data collection of antibiotic use in agriculture. AMA is an association “that people often look to to send a signal — both in terms of policy and to the market,” Wallinga said. Infectious disease doctors are “quite freaked out by the fact that their antibiotics are not working a lot of the time now,” they noted. “The AMA policy is a reflection of the increasing level of crisis that these doctors feel, but there's still a disconnect in the general public at how serious a problem it is.” The previous AMA policy opposed the use of antimicrobials at non-therapeutic levels in agriculture and urged that such uses be terminated or phased out. This is new, more stringent policy replaces the earlier one. City councils across the country have also been weighing in on the problem. On Wednesday, Chicago joined 10 other cities including St. Paul, Seattle and Pittsburgh in passing a resolution to encourage Congress to pass Rep. Louise Slaughter's (D-NY) “Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act” (PAMTA). Slaughter, the only microbiologist in Congress, introduced the bill in March 2013 to ban the use of non-therapeutic antibiotics in the production of livestock.
Federal bank regulatory agencies are on top of the banking world. Not only are they in charge of setting standards and enforcing regulations, but on average earn more than double what bank employees make.
In 2012, the average salary of a bank employee was $49,540, not far from the average $45,790 across all occupations, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That same year, the average salary for employees of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was a whopping $119, 798 per year.
According to Paul Kupiec of the Wall Street Journal, “in 2012, 68% of FDIC and CDPB staff—and 66% at the OCC—earned above $100,000 a year. Nearly 19% of the CFPB and OCC staff earn more than $180,000 a year. At the OCC, 10.5% of workers earn above $200,000 a year, at the FDIC 9.3%.”
Furthermore, 93% of employees in these regulatory agencies earned more than $50,000 in 2012, while only 7% are making less than the average bank employee.
How and why can federal agencies get away with paying their employees so much? According to Kupiec, the inflated salaries were created by The Financial Intuitions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 which permitted federal bank regulatory agencies to set their own compensation and benefits without approval from the Office of Personnel Management (OPM). The reform was originally intended to alleviate the savings-and-loan crises of the 1980s by allowing the agencies to obtain and afford highly specialized talent, but has led to salaries of all employees in the agencies sky rocketing.
Nassau Police arrested a man on Tuesday who's suspected of leaving swastika graffiti around a Long Island college.Police said Jasskirat Saini, 20, of Plainview, is responsible for drawing swastikas several different times at various locations on the campus of Nassau Community College.The incidents began Oct. 15 when three swastikas were found drawn inside a men's bathroom. In two more incidents later that month, graffiti was found in additional men's bathrooms.Swastikas were again found on a stair handrail and on a wall Dec. 7. On Dec. 16, multiple swastikas were found again in a men's bathroom.During the investigation Tuesday, Nassau County Police said they found Saini drawing two swastikas on the exterior wall of Building H, and a KKK on the floor of F Building Cluster 225 at Nassau Community College.Saini has been charged with aggravated harassment and will be arraigned on Wednesday in Hempstead.The charges are connected with 110 anti-Semitic drawings, involving 10 cases at Nassau Community College, said Nassau Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter. Each count is punishable by up to four years in prison."It appears that this bigot was motivated by perceived slights of the Jewish community in their neighborhood in Plainview," they said.Krumpter said in 2016, there have been 57 bias incidents in Nassau County; 40 of those involved graffiti. Police said Saini is responsible for more than 10 of those incidents.Bias crimes in 2016 are down 6 percent, they said, over 2015.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — It is not a sight one usually associates with a radio station: a fully fledged restaurant and bar. But WWCD 102.5 has just opened The Big Room on an upper floor of its Brewery District offices in Columbus, offering drinks and meals and, sometimes, the chance to catch live music by some of the bands whose tunes the station has just played on air. “The upstairs is a bar with a radio problem,” joked station owner Randy Malloy. The problem they referred to sardonically is one that has wreaked havoc on what was once an entire industry: independent commercial radio. Malloy owns what is now one of the last stations of its kind. WWCD, with its mix of intergenerational alternative music, is the last independently owned commercial alternative rock station in a U.S. city with a population over 100,000, according to Mace Brazelle, the national director of rock and alternative formats for FMBQ, an industry trade publication. In recent decades the radio landscape of America has been transformed by the corporate behemoths that started consolidating and gobbling up frequencies in the 1970s. The trend accelerated after the FCC lifted the limit on how many radio stations a company could own, in 1996. The Daily Swarm, a website that tracks trends in radio, reports that industry consolidation has resulted in a vast homogenization of music playlists. By 2012, up to 80 percent of playlists matched, according to the website, explaining why many listeners complain that all radio stations sound the same. (They do.) WWCD is fighting for survival in this tough environment, and a crowdfunding campaign — along with the Big Room — could be the station's salvation. It rents the frequency it broadcasts on, paying roughly $300,000 a year for the frequency and $125,000 a year for the tower. Malloy and their staffers believe their most viable future is in owning the frequency, and they have kicked off an effort aimed at raising the $1 million needed to get the process started.
‘The upstairs is a bar with a radio problem.' Randy Mallow owner, WWCD
What is at stake is resembles a blast from the past. Stepping into the WWCD studios is like going back in time, to when radio stations employed local record-spinning DJs. Malloy showed up at the studio on a recent morning excusing themselves for needing to clean up spilled coffee all over their car. He's unfazed, greetings the staff and navigating the labyrinth that is WWCD's offices. The station is at the center of their life and has been almost since they showed up in Columbus when they were 18 to attend Ohio State University. The station went on the air in the summer of 1991. At the time, Malloy was a senior and the president of the OSU ski club. WWCD teamed up with the ski club on a promotion, and Malloy was seduced by its brand and blend of music. They approached the station about being an intern and was brought on board. By 2010, they were the general manager. It was then that WWCD receive a jolt: It was sold to OSU, with plans to turn it into a classical music station. They made plans to do the unthinkable: look for another job. “But after thinking about it and not knowing what I was going to do, I thought, ‘Maybe I could save this place,'” they said. Malloy drained their 401(k) and took out a second mortgage. They bought beat-up equipment, some old trucks the station owned and the station's intellectual property. They have never looked back, weaving WWCD into the community in a way corporate-owned stations would find difficult. It features $5 concerts showcasing rising bands (called low dough shows) and invitation-only performances where fans can hear their favorites in an intimate acoustic setting. Malloy has given away $9 million in airtime for local nonprofits. The station helps sponsor an arts festival and Pelotonia, a charity bike and volunteerism festival in Columbus. WWCD has provided a venue for local, national and international bands like Muse and the Black Keys. “These are now huge bands that had to start somewhere,” they said.
‘We love what we do. And how many places can you see the owner's open office door right across the hall from the studio?' Ed Francis host, WWCD
The Flight Deal
Updated: multiple reader reports of booking with no issues, appears to be legit.
Whoaa! We haven't seen a deal this low ever on flights to Paris, especially on a major carrier.
Delta is offering round trip tickets from Austin to CDG for only $494. Unlike the low-cost carrier fares we've seen from WOW or Norwegian, carry-on bags and seat selection are included free. Meals are included and it appears this may even include a free checked bag as well.
Most of the flights seem to leave and arrive on Tue. or Wed. There is good availability through the end of the year with some fare appearing at least through April.
I'm led to believe this is a possible mistake fare because I've seen multiple dates disappear within minutes. Hurry and book now if the dates look good. There's a pretty good record of airlines honoring these fares.
How to Book
The easiest way to search for availabilty is through Google Flights
You can book directly on Delta.com
Summary
This is a fantastic deal, especially considering the fact that “extras” like seat assignment and bags are included. I'd guess this fares last 2-3 days at most.
Photos by Flora Bartlett
This article originally appeared on VICE UK.
We're living through a great time for LGBT sportspeople. As more and more professional athletes come out—most recently Keegan Hirst, captain of West Yorkshire rugby team Batley Bulldogs—the revelations are increasingly greeted with rounds of applause rather than jeers. Or, indeed, with indifference—making it known that it's no big deal. However, that's not to say it's easy, of course, and in a sport as deeply rooted in heterosexual masculinity as rugby is, it can be terrifying.
The Kings Cross Steelers were formed in 1995 by a group of gay men in a pub in—spoiler alert—King's Cross. Their aim was to create the first gay-inclusive rugby union team in the world. Twenty years later they have a membership of over 120 and are four-time winners of the European Championships for gay rugby teams.
The story of the world's first gay rugby team starts, surprisingly, with Tory MP and soon to be Lord, Robert Hayward. They aren't at the founding meeting but joined a few weeks later and was made chairperson. "We never set out as some kind of gay crusade. We were just a group of guys who wanted to play rugby," they say. In the early days the Steelers were treated with curiosity by the opposition: "Lots of people, particularly the older people, would ask how we knew we were gay and where we found our players," Hayward tells me. "We were useful in that way because people could ask us questions that they'd never get the opportunity to ask normally."
I'm sitting in the bar that the team shares with East London RUFC. Outside, training has already begun. It's surprising just how many people there are—I count at least 50 guys, which is impressive for a Tuesday night—but I'm told this is actually quite a low turnout. The standard is high, albeit it with a few dropped balls—not a great shock, given that most of the players have spent the summer months with a pint instead of a rugby ball in hand. And then there's the fact that a lot of the players are totally new to the game, or returning from hiatuses caused by not feeling able or welcome to play after they'd come out earlier in life.
The club's current chairperson, Alex Smith, is a perfect example. "I had played for straight teams before joining the Steelers, but, to be honest with you, I had self-excluded myself," they say. "I wasn't openly gay at that point and I didn't feel comfortable talking about it. Guys would ask me what I was doing that night and I wouldn't want to say that I had a date. That wasn't something I felt I could say at that point."
Throughout the club there are stories of players who were keen rugby players at school, who were then shunned as soon as they came out as gay. Alex, the PR man who was showing me around the club, was one such case: he'd been part of their private school rugby team until they came out. Their next experience of rugby wasn't until late last year, when they joined the Steelers.
All photos by Flora Bartlett
The club's secretary, Ollie, looks like a rugby player and is skillful with the ball, but is relatively new to the game. He's played rugby for three years, firstly with the Cardiff Lions, a gay-inclusive team, before moving to London two years ago. I ask them whether being an openly gay man had been a barrier to joining clubs previously.
"Yeah, it had always played on my mind," they tell me. "Especially thinking, 'I'm going to join a club and I'm openly out.' But the people I would be playing with probably wouldn't know that I was openly out. I had only come out five years ago and I had no inbuilt mechanisms for coming out in the workplace or in a club without making it obvious. At university I had been part of the mountaineering club, and coming out to them was a terrifying experience. I had the feeling that if a certain amount of time had elapsed and you hadn't told them, then you thought that you had tricked them."
Joining a rugby club is an intimidating experience as it is: you're walking into a place where a group of people already have very strong bonds. So coming out to a "straight" club as a gay man must only make that joining process even more terrifying—a feeling Ollie alludes to: "When I asked to join the Cardiff Lions I thought that I was a reasonably confident person at that point in my life, and I could join a straight team," they say. "But it just seemed more straightforward and easier to join a team where you didn't have to come out. I also didn't have a group of gay friends, so I thought this would be a great opportunity to meet likeminded people."
Homophobic incidents are incredibly rare for the team. Chairman Alex has played in gay-inclusive teams for eight years, three at the Steelers and five for a Manchester team, and has only experienced two instances of homophobic behavior. Sadly, this isn't the case for all of the players. Chris had been sports president at university in Bristol and had lived with rugby players during college, but he'd also had a stilted start to their rugby career.
"I had knowledge of the game; I used to watch it. I fancied it, but I never felt comfortable doing it. My mates played for a straight team in Bristol that had three gay players, but I still couldn't bring myself to do it," they say.
For Chris, the Steelers had been more than just a rugby club: he'd moved to London on a Sunday, gone for a social that night, and begun playing on the Tuesday. Since then, squad members have helped them find a job and a flat. At university he'd participated in gymnastics, hockey, and cheerleading, often being the only openly gay man, and hadn't had any issues. Unfortunately, the uni football team had been less accommodating: "I didn't have many issues at university because I was so involved in the organization and volunteering, but I did have problems with my football team," they tell me. "They hated me and they behaved very poorly; they used to come up to me at the sports nights and say, 'You're such a fucking bender.'"
The Steelers also boast international experience in coach Nicola Evans, who has been capped for Wales's women. They hadn't previously been involved in gay-inclusive rugby but their first impressions have been very positive.
"It's a lot like being at a school, really, because you have the beginners, who have wanted to play rugby but have never had the opportunity, and you have the players who have played all the way through from youth level," they say.
I experiences in women's rugby are similar to those that gay players face; stereotypes abound, but they can be shattered by simply watching a game. "In women's rugby you get lots of stereotypes, but in reality the women are from lots of different backgrounds and there isn't a type," they say. "It's the same with Kings—the men here are shattering those stereotypes."
Before I visited the Steelers I was expecting to see a team worn down by weekly bouts of homophobia from other teams. The truth is the polar opposite: rugby is about respect, and nothing earns a team respect more than being incredibly good. The Steelers are proof of that.
The next step for them will be taken in Nashville, Tennessee next year at the Gay World Cup. If they win, they can add "world champions" to their list of accomplishments; not bad for a rugby team dreamt up in a pub 20 years ago.
Near the end of the hike from Fortuna Bay to Stromness , we came upon a small pond where several dozen Gentoo Penguins were hanging out, trying to stay cool in the almost 70°F heat. Several of my fellow passengers were also just hanging out while I (of course!) looked for picture opportunities ... such as taking pictures of Gentoo Penguins ... little did I know that a Skua was about to attack a young adult Gentoo Penguin in a battle to the death. WARNING: The pictures below are gruesome as they depict the reality of nature ... which can be cruel.
This may have been the actual Skua seen below ... looks pretty mild-mannered ... for now!
2:39PM - I was photographing these Gentoo Penguins when the Skua first showed up
The Penguins didn't like the Skua nearby and presented a common front plus made a ton of noise - so they flew away.
At 2:48PM, I took this wide-angle picture and then turned 180° around for some other penguins
The Skua will shortly attack a Penguin on the far side of the pond just past the right side of this picture.
A few minutes later, Paul (in green) whispered "Alek, turn around!" and motioned to what was happening on the far shoreline of the pond ... which quickly got my attention.
2:50PM - Jim Riesert takes this stunning picture during the initial Skua attack
Every fall since 1974 at Forest Grove High School in Forest Grove, Oregon, the students in the Viking House project have begun the school year with nothing more than a plot of land. By June they have a completed house. The program was started by Birt Hansen and is now run by a local contractor turned teacher, Chris Higginbotham. In four decades, it's remained completely self-sustaining: The profits from one house pay for the materials for the next. The labor, of course, is free. And grateful. One student shares theirs experience.
I don't come from a particularly handy family—my parents have no trade skills whatsoever—but I have always been curious about building things. When my two older brothers went through the Viking House program, I saw how much they enjoyed it and how much they learned, and I decided I wanted to do it, too. After enrolling in 2014, I fell in love with working with my hands. So much that I am one of only two returning students in this year's program.
Viking House is probably the most real and applicable class you can take in high school. You have to complete some prerequisites, including woodworking and basic construction classes, before you can join, but after that you get to start working on a house. I've learned a lot and gotten much more familiar with tools in general. Before I started the class my nail-driving skills were not good; now they're second only to the instructors'. Some tools, like the circular saw, were a little scary to be around at first. Those things are dangerous. Once I learned how to control one and to respect its power it got a lot more comfortable. Viking House has also taught me how to interact with other people better. As a returning student, I've had the opportunity to teach my classmates a few skills. Sometimes the way I'm explaining something just won't get through, and instead of getting frustrated I try a different approach. I've become a better teacher. I understand other people better and work better with them. I even got a job out of it. Last summer I worked on a real construction crew run by two Viking House alumni.
The woodshop is my favorite place to be in school. Whenever I have free time, that's where I am. We precut a lot of things, so there's always something to work on. We precut outlookers (the wooden joists that form the eaves of the house), plywood, and window frames. It saves us a ton of time out on the job. All of these things are premade and ready to go.
Every week during the school year we spend between six and ten hours per week on the site, depending on our class schedules. We also have "work parties" on holidays and some weekends when we work on the house. I don't consider it work, though. It's fun. Last year I put in 58 extra hours outside of school.
At the beginning of each class we all check in at the woodshop, pick up our class-issued tool bags—filled with a framing hammer, speed square, 25-foot tape, chalk line, utility knife, carpenter's pencil, hard hat, safety glasses, and gloves—and take a bus to the job site. We hire a team to dig out the foundation and get professional help for the plumbing, electrical work, and drywall, but everything else we do ourselves. We'll frame and raise walls, add windows, and even put up the roof supports, or trusses.
The day we put trusses on the house is the best day of the year. We take a field trip out to the house in the morning, where our teacher, Mr. Higginbotham, provides coffee and breakfast. The trusses arrive premade on a truck. Two professionals and a few expert volunteers help us put them up. By the end of the day, you feel like a professional yourself. You've put in a full day of work on a construction site—and it's work you can see. With the trusses up, the site really looks like a house.
In 40 years, Viking House has never missed a deadline. The house always goes on the market, and it always sells. We use that money to pay for the next house. But that's not what's really important. Once you've helped build a house you develop a kind of ownership of it. It is a little sense of pride, especially when people go through the house and they don't know it's built by high schoolers. They're so amazed that you usually have to tell them a few times.
—As told to Cameron Johnson
This story appears in the February 2016 issue of Popular Mechanics
I'm a big fan of Tor. Both as a concept in that it allows people to access information that might otherwise be inaccessible*, and as an interesting technical project. In an effort to support the Tor network and to learn more about how it actually works, I've been hosting various Tor nodes on various boxes for a few years now but around this time last year I stepped things up a bit and began running an Exit node that has consistently ranked in the top 100 world-wide in terms of usable bandwidth.
When I mention this to people I tend to get the same questions, so I thought it best to write the answers here, and maybe save a few people (including myself) some time.
Do you need special hardware?
No, not really. The Tor daemon doesn't really take advantage multi-core CPUs, so in most cases throwing extra processing power at it won't give you much of an advantage. I rent a relatively low-end physical server (Celeron G530, 2GB RAM) but I found the biggest limitation to be affordable bandwidth. I have an uncapped 100MBit/s line to my server – not blisteringly fast but it's saturated almost 100% of the time. In a typical month my Exit will shift somewhere around 35TB of traffic, combined upstream and down.
What do your hosting company think about that?
They're ok with it! Not all hosting companies are though so if you're thinking of running any kind of Tor node make sure to check first. I'm in the UK, my hosting company are not. Depending on where you, your hosting company, and their data centre are geographically it's unlikely to be illegal to run a node, but there's a good chance it will be against the hosting companies T&C's, particularly in the case of Exit nodes.
The Tor Project wiki holds a pretty comprehensive list of good and bad hosting companies and ISPs.
What about abuse reports?
There will be abuse reports. Learn to deal with them – ignoring them altogether is usually a good way to get on the bad side of your hosting company. There are things you can do to cut down on the number of abuse reports you receive; the most effective in my experience is to configure a reduced exit policy, blocking ports commonly used for things like SMTP and BitTorrent**. It's not perfect, but it has dramatically cut the number reports I have to deal with – I tend to get about 1 a week on average now.
Can I run a Tor node from home?
You can, but it's really best not to. That's especially true for Exit nodes. For one thing, your home broadband connection is probably not fast enough to contribute any meaningful bandwidth. Second, the IP addresses of all Tor Relay (Middle node) and Exit nodes are publicly available, and as a straightforward way of cutting down on the sort of abuse I described above, more and more online services are just blocking all those IP addresses outright. It's not very subtle but it does work! So you can run a Relay or an Exit from home, but you'll probably find that sooner or later Netflix will stop working. Your call.
A better option for those who want to contribute to Tor from a home connection is running a Bridge node, or donating directly to an organisation like TorServers.net.
Aren't you worried about the Police/GCHQ/Mossad/3PLA/etc?
Not especially, I've certainly never had any legal troubles because of Tor. By it's very nature though traffic from a system like Tor is likely to be more interesting than the rest of the internet as far as a nation-state is concerned, and with only about 1000 Exit nodes running, monitoring all of them is well within the capabilities of a reasonably funded SIGINT agency. I assume my Exit (along with all the rest of them) is being monitored, if not actively targeted. Other than hardening the box as far as possible there's not much more that can be done against an adversary like that. Who knows, maybe one day I'll end up with some fun malware to analyse.
* I've done a lot of forensics work in my time and been exposed to all kinds of Bad Stuff as a result. I am by no means naive enough to suggest that systems like Tor don't help people access Bad Stuff, but I think on balance the positive uses outweigh the bad ones.
** BitTorrent over Tor is a bad idea in general. Firstly, it doesn't give you any anonymity. And second, it slows the network down for everyone else. I block common BitTorrent ports on my exits. Don't like it? Run your own.
Stacking income (sounds fancy)
Next, I'm going to move onto stacking my income. Upping my income will work in tiers.
First, we've got the quick wins. That's where Gary Vee's $20,170 challenge comes into it. Watch the video to understand the exact concept, but the theory goes if you put the same amount of time you spend watching crap on TV or playing games, and put it towards something like buying items from garage sales for cheap and selling them for more online, you can make $20,170 in one year on the side. As they would say #SideHustle
Another part of this is selling the crap you have lying around that you're not using. What a super quick win.
The second tier is weekly contracts. These are around 3 hours a week each and are for smaller amounts but are fixed. This means I'm guaranteed a certain level of income every week.
The third tier is the startups I love to create. SnapMyWedding is passively making around $1,000 USD a month. My mobile food truck is making around another $1,000. And I'm earning $750 a week from INBOUND (my main baby) because my co-founder and I agreed to put most of the revenue back into the company.
The final tier is optional. Finding an opportunity in a more established start-up who are looking for a remote marketer / growth hacker / CMO. This will be 30+ hours a week, and net a much larger amount of income.
Now what's interesting is that I can easily do all these four tiers, but before I was only doing one. Why? Because I was too proud to admit that sometimes an entrepreneur needs a job. Sometimes it's not all glamour and fame (actually 95% of it isn't). But at the end of the day, I love it. The grind. It's just about making it that little more sustainable for myself and my family.
So that's me for 2017. If you're interested, make sure you hit subscribe button on YouTube and follow me on Instagram to see the journey. I'll be launching a progress video each week and will create a more structured breakdown blog post each month as well.
If you're keen to build a foundation with me for a better life, then join a long. We can keep accountable and have some fun. I reckon I can move $40,000 through garage sales and from the crap in my house.
What number are you aiming for?
Gary — you joining me?
The Android Market has a negative reputation for providing economic rewards, but one developer has found a way to secure a few bucks – $13,000 a month.
Edward Kim created Car Locator as a side project while vacationing with family. Their app records and navigates back to GPS location of a car, and originally earned about $20 a day. Kim was excited about those “few extra bucks for lunch money every day,” which began to increase once they placed third in the ADC2. The resulting popularity has helped push Car Locator to nearly 7,000 paid downloads at $3.99 a pop.
Kim says that being a featured app on the Android Market has led to an average of $13,000 a month. Add the $25,000 they received for placing third in the ADC2 and Kim has already earned more than $50,000 for some coding and testing during their off-work hours.
“Clearly, I'm on cloud 9 with these numbers, but where does it go from here? Sales of about $13k/month is awesome income for any one person, so it may sound ridiculous for me to think it can go even higher. However, I still think that Android is only a fraction of what it will eventually become. Each release of a new Android handset gets me excited, as it means a wider reach for the Marketplace.”
Here are some other stats provided by Kim
The application was netting an average of about $80-$100/day, until it became a featured app on the Marketplace. Since then, sales have been phenomenal, netting an average of $435/day, with a one day record of $772 on Valentine's Day. Too bad I didn't have a Valentines date this year — we would've gone somewhere real special!
There appears to be clear peaks on the weekends and during holidays. This was always my hunch, but I think I can finally say this with certainty since the signal-to-noise ratio is much better now.
Some may be quick to point out that a featured Android application is only able to net $400/day, while top iPhone apps make thousands. But the Android market appears to rotate applications in and out of the featured apps list in some pseudo-random fashion. Every time I open the Marketplace app, the featured list is different and most of the time, I don't even see my app on there.
Edward Kim via AndroidGuys
Former CIA Agent Claims Americans Did Not Kill bin Laden
Osama bin Laden died a natural death nearly 5 years before it was announced that they were eliminated by the American commandos. This sensational statement was made by a Turkish politician, and a former U.S. intelligence agent. In an interview with Russia's Channel One, they said that the Americans simply found and opened the tomb of the leader of al-Qaeda.
The journalists of Channel One first met this man in 2008. At the time they were featured in the documentary "Plan Caucasus," talking about the attempts of the western intelligence services in the early 1990's to separate the Northern Caucasus and, in particular, Chechnya from Russia. Chechen by nationality, Berkan Yashar is now a Turkish politician, but in those years they were one of the ideologists of Johar Dudayev. They asked for a meeting, promising to tell the truth about the death of Osama bin Laden whom they met in the early 90-ies in Chechnya.
"In September of 1992 I was in Chechnya, that's when I first met the man whose name was Bin Laden. This meeting took place in a two-story house in the city of Grozny; on the top floor was a family of Gamsakhurdia, the Georgian president, who then was kicked out of their country. We met on the bottom floor; Osama lived in the same building, "said Berkan Yashar. Berkan said they did not know why bin Laden visited while in Grozny, and said only one thing about their meetings: "Just wanted to talk."
However, according to Channel One, in those years the former employee of Radio Liberty Berkan Yashar already had an operational name Abubakar, given to them by the CIA. According to Berkan, after that trip Chechen nationals appeared in Osama bin Laden's circle. Berkan Yashar emphasized that they did not participate "directly in the terror bombings." "They protected bin Laden, it was their choice because they trusted them entirely, and knew that they would never betray," said Yashar. According to Yashar they were not the only one who knew about it, but the Russian security services and the CIA were aware of this as well.
Answering the question whether they believed that the Americans killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan, Berkan Yashar answered: "Even if the entire world believed I could not possibly believe it." "I personally know the Chechens who protected him, they are Sami, Mahmood, and Ayub, and they were with them until the very end. I remember that day very well, there were three sixes in it: 26 June 2006. These people, as well as two others from London and two Americans, all seven of them, saw them dead. They were very ill, they were skin and bones, very thin, and they washed them and buried him," said Berkan Yashar.
Yashar stressed that although the two American Muslims and two British Muslims the guards of bin Laden and saw them dead, they did not participate in the funerals. "Only three Chechens buried him, according to their will," said Yashar. Bin Laden was buried, according to Yashar, in the mountains on the Pakistan-Afghan border. "There was no assault," said Yashar. "I know the American operations from the inside: they find the grave, dig out bin Laden and tell everyone about this. They need to show how technologically the security services worked, how each step was controlled, and then present it as a great victory to show that taxpayers are not paying taxes for nothing. "
Berkan now blames themselves for the fact that the Chechens from the protection of bin Laden, "the terrorist number one" are no longer alive after the U.S. intelligence services began to tap Berkan's telephone conversations. They said they were the first one who announced the date of death of bin Laden. "I was the first one who announced the date of their death in November of 2008 at a conference in Washington, not naming any names, and it looks like it was when the Americans began to track my contacts," they said.
The last security guard Berkan saw Sami, who, according to him, a few days before bin Laden was declared killed, was kidnapped by the U.S. intelligence agencies. According to Berkan, most likely, it was them who disclosed to them the exact place of burial in the mountains on the Pakistan-Afghan border.
In any case, the last call from Sami was from Pakistan. Berkan explained why they informed the journalists of Channel One: they feared for their life. According to him, only wide publicity around the world can protect them from the CIA. However, just in case, the Turkish secret services, according to him, provided them with guards and weapons.
M Motorsport's Interlloy Lamborghini has been officially withdrawn from the Bathurst 12 Hour following a crash in final practice.
The #48 Gallardo suffered heavy rear-end damage when Kiwi John McIntyre spun on the entry to Hell Corner and made contact with the outside wall.
McIntyre was due to share the car with V8 Supercars full-timer Dale Wood, brother Glenn Wood and car owner Justin McMillan.
“It was my second lap on greens and I was still warming them up on the front straight,” McIntyre told Speedcafe.com.
“It just pinched the rears and there's no coming back in these things when they start to come around.
“The front wheels came up when it hit the inside kerbing and unfortunately with the flat floor on these cars it just skipped straight across the gravel trap.
“If it didn't have a floor in it, like a V8, it probably would have stopped (before the wall).
“I didn't feel it was that bad a hit, but obviously the cars are aluminium at the back and there's just too much damage for the guys to fix here.”
Despite not having driven the car until yesterday, McIntyre said they had felt comfortable behind the wheel prior to the accident.
“I had just done a 2:04.1s, which was quicker than the car has ever gone around here,” they said.
“The fuel was getting lighter and on the second set of greens we were hoping to get into the 2:03s.
“But it was just a matter of getting caught out with what these things are like in the rear on cold tyres.”
Rosales is an order of flowering plants.[3] It is sister to a clade consisting of Fagales and Cucurbitales.[4] It contains about 7700 species, distributed into about 260 genera. Rosales comprise nine families, the type family being the rose family, Rosaceae. The largest of these families are Rosaceae (90/2500) and Urticaceae (54/2600). The order Rosales is divided into three clades that have never been assigned a taxonomic rank. The basal clade consists of the family Rosaceae; another clade consists of four families, including Rhamnaceae; and the third clade consists of the four urticalean families.[5]
The order Rosales is strongly supported as monophyletic in phylogenetic analyses of DNA sequences, such as those carried out by members of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group.[6] In their APG III system of plant classification, they defined Rosales as consisting of the nine families listed in the box on the right.[1] The relationships of these families were uncertain until 2011, when they were resolved in a molecular phylogenetic study based on two nuclear genes and ten chloroplast genes.[7]
Well-known members of Rosales include: roses, strawberries, blackberries and raspberries, apples and pears, plums, peaches and apricots, almonds, rowan and hawthorn, jujube, elms, banyans, figs, mulberries, breadfruit, nettles, hops, and cannabis.
Taxonomy [ edit ]
In the classification system of Dahlgren the Rosales were in the superorder Rosiflorae (also called Rosanae). In the obsolete Cronquist system, the order Rosales was many times polyphyletic. It consisted of the family Rosaceae and 23 other families that are now placed in various other orders.[8] These families and their placement in the APG III system are:[1]
Alseuosmiaceae (Asterales)
Anisophylleaceae (Cucurbitales)
Brunelliaceae (Oxalidales)
Bruniaceae (Bruniales)
Byblidaceae (Lamiales)
Cephalotaceae (Oxalidales)
Chrysobalanaceae (Malpighiales)
Columelliaceae (Bruniales)
Connaraceae (Oxalidales)
Crassulaceae (Saxifragales)
Crossosomataceae (Crossosomatales)
Cunoniaceae (Oxalidales)
Davidsoniaceae (Cunoniaceae, Oxalidales)
Dialypetalanthaceae (Rubiaceae, Gentianales)
Eucryphiaceae (Cunoniaceae, Oxalidales)
Greyiaceae (Melianthaceae, Geraniales)
Grossulariaceae (Saxifragales)
Hydrangeaceae (Cornales)
Neuradaceae (Malvales)
Pittosporaceae (Apiales)
Rhabdodendraceae (Caryophyllales)
Rosaceae
Saxifragaceae (Saxifragales)
Surianaceae (Fabales)
Phylogeny [ edit ]
The following phylogenetic tree is from a cladistic analysis of DNA that was published in 2011.[7]
Rosales Rosaceae Rhamnaceae Elaeagnaceae Barbeyaceae Dirachmaceae urticalean rosids Ulmaceae Cannabaceae Moraceae Urticaceae
Rosales is an order that falls under the kingdom of Plantae. This chart below shows the classification in order to get to the order Rosales.[9]
Kingdom Plantae Subkingdom Tracheobionta Superdivision Spermatophyta Division Magnoliophyta Class Magnoliopsida Subclass Rosidae Order Rosales
Distribution [ edit ]
Different plants that fall under the Rosales order grow in all different parts of the world. They can be found in the mountains, the tropics and the arctics. Even though you can find a member of the Rosales order anywhere the specific families grow in different specific geographical locations. [10] Wind-pollination is the way that the majority of the Families that fall under the Rosales order (including Moraceae, Ulmaceae, and Urticaceae etc.) pollinate. [11]
Importance [ edit ]
Within the Rosales order is the Rosaceae family, which includes numerous species that are cultivated for their fruit, making this one of the most economically important families of plants. Fruit produced by members of this family include apples, pears, plums, peaches, cherries, almonds, strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, breadfruit, and jackfruit. The leaves of the mulberry provide food for the silkworms used in commercial silk production. [12][11] Many ornamental species of plant are also in the Rosaceae family, including the rose after which the family and order were named. The rose, considered a symbol of love in many cultures, is featured prominently in poetry and literature. [12] Modern garden varieties of roses such as hybrid teas, floribunda, and grandifora, originated from complex hybrids of several separate wild species native to different regions throughout the world.
The wood from the black cherry (Prunus serotina) and sweet cherry (P. avium) is used to make high quality furniture due to its color and ability to be warped.[12]
Plants in the Rosales order were used in the traditional medicines of many cultures. The latex of some species of fig trees contain the enzyme ficin which is effective in killing roundworms that infect the intestinal tracts of animals.[12]
As of March 8th, 2015, rovo89 has updated the Xposed framework to Alpha 2, removing the need to have SELinux set to permissive.
Method 1
might
Method 2
Code: su cd /sdcard/ sh initd.sh
Method 3
Method 4
Method 5
So me and a few other guys over in the Xposed Thread were having issues getting our Nexus 6 devices to run the new Xposed Alpha properly. It kept throwing out errors that Xposed wasn't installed and modules didn't work. After a bunch of trial and error, we figured out how to make it work (at least for us)! So if you're having similar issues, try this workaround until Xposed is updated to fix this (although it may be a Nexus 6 error only).Note: Make sure you already have Xposed installed. http://forum.xda-developers.com/xpos...lipop-t3030118 Although these modules have been reported to be functional for some users, the modules may behave differently on our device.1. Make sure SELinux is set to Permissive. You can set it to permissive using this root app, if your kernel isn't permissive by default. https://play.google.com/store/apps/d...mrbimc.selinux 2. When rebooting into your system after setting SELinux to permissive, enable the Xposed modules that you want.3. From inside the Xposed app, perform a soft reboot.4. When the device fully boots up, Xposed should now be fully working. If you still have issues, converting Xposed to a system apphelp.1. Download this script from post #65 2. Extract the file to the root of your sdcard.3. Using a Terminal Emulator, type the following commands:4. Reboot and Xposed should now be working without a soft reboot needed.1. Flash one of the these zips, which does the same thing as Method 2, but easier! Thanks to bothand2. Everything should be fully working now!Not all ROM/Kernel configurations support init.d scripts!1. Use a kernel that's been set to permissive by default.Here's a version of LeanKernel modified by Imoseyon to be permissive to be default.2. Everything should be working. Flashing another kernel will disable Xposed again, unless the kernel is permissive or you fall back on other methods.This method differs from Method 3 because the script to set SELinux to permissive is located in /system/su.d (instead of init.d) and allows for compability with more ROM/Kernel configurations. This post by flar2 will better explain what this script does.1. Flash this zip by shivindera. 2. Everything should be workingNote: For advanced users who already have files in /system/su.d/ please remove the "delete" line from the updater-script so as to not lose any of your already pre-existing files.Please post here if it worked for you. So far for us over at the Xposed thread, it seems to have worked. Thanks guys! Enjoy your modules!
About the Conference
Functional programming (FP) has been a hot research topic for over three decades now. However, in the last five years, driven by the need to build massively concurrent systems and to handle big-data in smarter ways, diverse companies - ranging from tech start-ups to financial institutes - are rapidly adopting FP concepts.
Currently, FP is at the heart of every new generation programming technology. Companies are employing FP to actuate more effective, robust, and flexible software development. This has given birth to an extremely vibrant community of functional programmers, who are constantly exploring new and varied ways to bring in FP concepts to the enterprise software development world.
Functional Conf is designed to bring together the growing community of functional programmers under one roof.
In 2018, we plan to structure the conference as follows:
Pre-Conference Paid Workshops - Full Day hands-on workshops by our international speakers to allow you to go deep into a specific topic. Each workshop is capped at around 20 participants.
- Full Day hands-on workshops by our international speakers to allow you to go deep into a specific topic. Each workshop is capped at around 20 participants. FP Bootcamp : A full day program for Developers, who want to kick-start their FP journey. Participants would be able to pick anyone from the following tracks and stick to it for the full day. Haskell Ecosystem Erlang Ecosystem JVM Ecosystem
: A full day program for Developers, who want to kick-start their FP journey. Participants would be able to pick anyone from the following tracks and stick to it for the full day. Apply FP : A full day program, with 3 parallel tracks for Developers, who understand the basics of FP, maybe even practice some FP at work. Helping them understand how they can apply even more FP concepts more at work.
: A full day program, with 3 parallel tracks for Developers, who understand the basics of FP, maybe even practice some FP at work. Helping them understand how they can apply even more FP concepts more at work. Mastering FP : A full day program, with 3 parallel tracks for Developers, who already apply a decent amount of FP concepts at work. Developers, who want to go deeper and maybe even become a contributor to a FP language or library.
: A full day program, with 3 parallel tracks for Developers, who already apply a decent amount of FP concepts at work. Developers, who want to go deeper and maybe even become a contributor to a FP language or library. Post-Conference Paid Workshops - Full Day hands-on workshops by our international speakers to allow you to go deep into a specific topic. Each workshop is capped at around 20 participants.
At Functional Conf:
Israeli activists have urged a McDonald's boycott, given the fast food chain has refused to open a branch in a Jewish settlement, Israel National News website reported on Thursday.
McDonald's Israeli division was recently approached by mall owners in Ariel, who asked the food chain to open a branch there around six months ago. However, McDonald's rejected the request, saying it shouldn't build in occupied Palestinian territories, Irina Shalmor, spokesperson for McDonald's Israel was quoted saying by The Associated Press.
The decision was not coordinated with McDonald's headquarters in the U.S., Shalmor added.
Activists called a boycott of McDonald's branches across Israel and have urged the Israeli population to support Israeli Burger Ranch's fast food instead.
“McDonald's has turned from a business into an organization with an anti-Israel political agenda,” Israel National News reported Yigal Delmonti, deputy director of the Council of Jewish Communities of Judea, Samaria and Gaza, as saying.
“We welcome Burger Ranch's announcement that it will open a branch in Ariel, a move that will increase its visibility throughout Israel.”
Owner and CEO of McDonald's in Israel, Omri Padan, is the founder of the NGO, Peace Now, that advocates for a two-state solution within secure borders.
The NGO's executive director Yariv Oppenheimer defended Padan's decision. They said the company had a right to “act according to its conscience” and to “decide where it wanted to place its stores.”
Meanwhile, Burger King offered to open a branch at the mall, Tzahi Nehimias, the co-owner said.
The $27-million mall is expected to open in late 2014 inside Palestinian territories.
Last Update: Friday, 28 June 2013 KSA 23:39 - GMT 20:39
Good news! MetaX and ConsenSys have structured the build out phase of the adChain ecosystem, and we're now ready to kick off development in earnest. We've put together a rockstar team and a development timeline that adToken holders will love.
I'm Mike. You might recognize my name from the adChain whitepaper. I'm a software developer and I am managing the adChain project from the ConsenSys side. Here's a video of me talking with Jake from CoinFund where I describe my own vision for adChain, and why I find it to be such a compelling project.
Instantiating the adChain Ecosystem
There are three things we need to build to instantiate the adChain ecosystem. They are:
The adChain Registry itself, including its voting and governance systems. Client-side applications for human users to interface with the on-chain systems. Reference implementations of bidder and ad server integrations.
The adChain Registry
This is the cryptosystem described in our whitepaper, and the backbone of a cryptoeconomic game that produces a high-quality publisher whitelist. The Registry is seemingly simple in principle, but we'll need to build the first ever open-source implementation of a partial-lock commit/reveal voting system as well as an efficient and game-theoretically sound parametrization system.
As always with cryptosystems, rigorous testing discipline and thorough auditing will be required before we feel confident we are deploying a system resilient to exploits and which will not lock, burn, lose or otherwise mishandle user's tokens.
Client-side applications
The adChain Registry will be deployed on public Ethereum, meaning it will be accessible with tools such as MyEtherWallet, Mist, Parity or even a command line. Anyone will be able to wrap the adChain Registry contracts in their preferred UIs, and we hope that people do so! We are going to lead the way by publishing high-quality client-side applications which can run on desktops and browsers to interface with the adChain Registry. We will provide GUI interfaces tailored for applicants, challengers, voters and token holders who desire to take part in the Registry's parametrization processes.
Reference bidders and ad servers
We describe a means of authenticating RTB bid requests as originating from adChain-listed sites in our whitepaper which uses widely-deployed mutual TLS technology. This method is totally non-proprietary and anybody could implement it on their own in their existing bidders and ad servers. We want to provide reference implementations for popular tools in the ecosystem to make this as easy as possible for advertisers and publishers alike.
The Team
MetaX and ConsenSys have teamed up to bring the adChain Registry to life. The development team presently consists of:
Mike Goldin (Me, ConsenSys)
Miguel Mota (MetaX)
Eduardo Muñoz (MetaX)
Edwin Cheung (MetaX)
Manuel Amaya (MetaX)
Miguel Morales (MetaX)
A team of six superstar ConsenSys interns have been working on the project quietly since June:
Terry Li (Columbia University)
Irene Lin (Carnegie Mellon University)
Cem Ozer (Northwestern University)
Aspyn Palatnick (The University of Pennsylvania)
Yorke Rhodes (Rice University)
Mira Zeitlin (Carnegie Mellon University)
The Roadmap
We are currently ahead of the timeline proposed in our whitepaper to deliver the adChain Registry. We intend to:
August 2017: Have a nearly feature-complete adChain Registry deployed to testnets.
September 2017: Share functional betas of client-side user interfaces.
October 2017: Freeze the cryptosystem's API.
November 2017: Complete a rigorous test suite for the cryptosystem, begin audit process.
December 2017: Share Beta 2 client applications with feature-complete smart contracts and reference bidder integration.
Q1 2018: Share reference ad server integration.
Q2 2018: Publish the results of a complete audit by a reputable diligencing group, deploy a complete product to mainnet-Ethereum.
This puts us completing ahead of what we estimated in our whitepaper. This is largely due to the fast progress of the team so far in implementing the core elements of the cryptosystem as well as rigorous test suites.
The Plan
To deliver on the roadmap, MetaX and ConsenSys will be working on all of the ecosystem components in parallel.
ConsenSys will deliver the cryptosystem described in the adChain whitepaper: the adChain Registry as well as its voting and governance systems, tested, audited and deployed to the Ethereum mainnet. All of this work will be open-sourced under permissive licenses.
MetaX engineers will lead the development of graphical, client-side interfaces to the cryptosystem for use by human users in applying, challenging, voting and governing, as well as the development of reference adChain-aware bidders and ad servers.
What's Next
We will begin regularly publishing dev diaries, code walkthroughs, and milestone updates on development progress. We also hope to share case studies of integrations with and applications built on adChain. MetaX and ConsenSys have begun regular engineering standup meetings to coordinate development, and our communications teams are in-sync on regular content sharing.
A Bonus
The adChain whitepaper states that challenges to listings in the Registry will be resolved using partial-lock commit/reveal voting, as described by the Colony project. I'm super excited to share with you all an early artifact of our work on the larger adChain project: a completely generic implementation of partial-lock commit/reveal voting in Solidity. We are using this implementation in the adChain Registry, but the PLCRVoting repo itself is completely unaware of and unopinionated about its usage. We sincerely hope that this cryptographic primitive can be used throughout the ecosystem for many applications of token-weighted voting! I'll be writing a code walkthrough of the PLCR contract in the near future.
Blockchain Exchange Bitsane Introduces Ripple Trading
This is a paid press release, which contains forward looking statements, and should be treated as advertising or promotional material. Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service. Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content, accuracy or quality within the press release.
Bitsane, the Irish Blockchain trading platform adds Ripple trading support on its cryptocurrency-to-fiat spot exchange services.
June 7, 2017, Dublin, Ireland – Dublin-based blockchain platform Bitsane.com announced the addition of XRP (Ripple) to its cryptocurrency-to-fiat spot exchange services on May 22nd, 2017. Soon after, the promising cryptocurrency startup significantly contributed to the ecosystem as a sponsor during the recent Consensus 2017 conference in New York. Bitsane also hosted its own exhibition stand and offered promotional packages to Consensus visitors. Promo packs at the event included company branded USB flash memory sticks, stickers and (Buy/Sell) flip coins.
Since its successful launch in 2016, Bitsane has been working towards evolving its platform to make trading cryptocurrencies and fiat as easy as possible. The platform already supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), DASH, Advcash and Iconomi (ICN). In addition, all cryptocurrencies on the platform can be traded against USD, EUR, and BTC.
Ripple is the most recent addition to the platform, following AdvCash, DASH and Iconomi transactions, which were introduced in February 2017. Following Ripple's recent mainstream exposure, Bitsane recognized its potential and made a choice to include the cryptocurrency to its growing platform.
Ripple is a settlement system, currency exchange, and remittance network built upon a distributed open source internet protocol, consensus ledger and native currency called XRP (ripples). Released in 2012, Ripple purports to enable secure, instant and “nearly free” global financial transactions of any size with no chargebacks.
Ripple supports tokens representing fiat currency, cryptocurrency, commodity or any other unit of value such as frequent flier miles or mobile minutes. Ripple is based on a shared, public database or ledger, which uses a consensus process that allows for payments, exchanges, and remittance in a distributed process.
In addition to web-based trading and exchange platform, Bitsane also enables its users to trade on their mobile devices. The platform offers full API access to developers, encouraging them to build powerful cryptocurrency applications using Bitsane's tools and services.
Bitsane's recent support of Ripple to fiat trading and its major contributions to Consensus 2017 represents the growth of the company, which from being a startup has graduated to become a mature cryptocurrency business. With a growing footprint, Bitsane is asserting itself in an increasingly competitive market. The cryptocurrency exchange is already the biggest in Ireland, and as it continues its current path, it could soon become one of the world's leading platforms.
Learn more about Bitsane at – www.bitsane.com
Follow Bitsane on Twitter at – https://twitter.com/bitsane_com?lang=en
Follow Bitsane on Facebook at – https://www.facebook.com/bitsane/
Bitsane Bitcointalk page – https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1685099.0
Bitsane on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUnc_dn_-Zw
Press Contact Email Address
xbs@bitsane.com
Supporting Link
http://bitsane.com
This is a paid press release. Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services. Bitcoin.com is not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in the press release.
Last week, I posted a link to a Fatshionista post about a company that makes organic plus size clothing. Most of the commenters there were…not so positive about the clothes. My friend Cheshirekit pointed out:
The organic clothing retailer is waaay out of my price range, but very much my style, and it makes me sad to see the commenters of fatshionista tearing it apart. I can't be the only fatshionista who'd rather wear layers of muumuus with lovebeads than skinny jeans with a graphic tee and scarf or somelike, but it sure does often feel like it.
This is something I've been thinking a lot about lately, with the rise of WTF, Plus Size Manufacturers? and the general popularity of snarking on items that the author finds ugly or unfashionable.
I'm all for criticizing the limited options we have in plus sizes, and how they're often overpriced compared to their straight size equivalents. But I'm not sure it's possible to make fun of individual items without implicitly insulting the taste of people who like and would wear them.
It just hurts to read people saying things like this about items of clothing that I think are cute and would totally wear:
For all those times you've wanted to wrestle lions for the amusement of Ceasar [sic], but you just didn't have a thing to wear!
perfect for lazy “nightmare before christmas” cosplay, outfits to wear when you ‘catfish' someone, and basically nothing else.
If I wore these I would frighten the children.
this is basically what the joker's plus size wife would wear to their daughter's wedding reception. this garment is reversible. spoiler: the thing it reverses into also sucks.
As a fat woman, I get enough negative messages about my body. I don't want to hear more negative messages about how I dress it–even if they're cloaked in the plausible deniability of “I'm just insulting the clothing itself, not the people who wear it! Diff'rent strokes!”
The problem is, clothing doesn't exist in a vacuum. Clothes aren't just items on websites–they're a social and artistic language. They're a form of self-expression.
I may not be my clothing, but my clothing (and the clothing that I find attractive) does represent my taste, my style, my own creative way of being in the world.
So when I see a piece of clothing that I think is butt-ugly, I keep it to myself. Because my ugly may be another person's awesome, and who am I to tear down their style?
Advertisements
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
STREETSBORO, Ohio-- A Ravenna woman is facing charges for operating a vehicle under the influence after officers pulled them over twice in the same day.
Streetsboro police received a call about an erratic driver at about 9:25 a.m. Tuesday. Officers found the car on state Route 43 near state Route 14.
“In 21 years, I don't recall anyone ever being arrested twice in the same day for OVI,” said Streetsboro Lt. Patricia Wain.
The driver, Dawn Kvasnicka, 48, of Ravenna, was given a field sobriety test. In the dash cam video, she's seen falling onto the back bumper of their car.
"I think we're done," the officer said before putting the woman into the cruiser. "I think we've done everything we can do."
According to police, Kvasnicka showed signs of impairment and was taken to the department.
Them blood-alcohol level was at .371. Ohio's legal limit is .08. Kvasnicka was charged with OVI and released to a friend.
At about 2:47 p.m. on Tuesday, the police department received another report of a car traveling erratically. Kvasnicka was pulled over on state Route 303.
Police said they still showed signs of impairment. This time, their blood-alcohol content was .383.
“Clearly they couldn't be trusted to stay off the road,” Wain said.
Kvasnicka was charged with their second OVI of the day and taken to the Portage County Jail.
They pleaded not guilty to the OVI charges, but is also facing fifth-degree felony drug charges for attempting to enter the jail with some sort of illegal substance.
Police call the entire situation is scary and also sad. They said they hope they get the help they may need.
They're also grateful good Samaritans noticed the dangerous driving and called 911 in both incidents that day before Kvasnicka injured themselves or someone else. The roads they traveled were very busy and also close to the local schools.
“If they hand't called and taken the action they did,” Wain said. “We could've been looking at a tragedy.”
The "Pennsylvania Salient" in the Appalachians, appears to have been formed by a large, dense block of mafic volcanic rocks that became a barrier and forced the mountains to push up around it. 2012 image from NASA's Aqua satellite
Generalized east-to-west cross-section through the central Hudson Valley region. USGS image.
The geology of the Appalachians dates back to more than 480 million years ago. A look at rocks exposed in today's Appalachian Mountains reveals elongate belts of folded and thrust faulted marine sedimentary rocks, volcanic rocks and slivers of ancient ocean floor - strong evidence that these rocks were deformed during plate collision. The birth of the Appalachian ranges marks the first of several mountain building plate collisions that culminated in the construction of the supercontinent Pangaea with the Appalachians and neighboring Little Atlas (now in Morocco) near the center. These mountain ranges likely once reached elevations similar to those of the Alps and the Rocky Mountains before they were eroded.[1][2]
Geological history [ edit ]
Paleozoic Era [ edit ]
During the earliest Paleozoic Era, the continent that would later become North America straddled the equator. The Appalachian region was a passive plate margin, not unlike today's Atlantic Coastal Plain Province. During this interval, the region was periodically submerged beneath shallow seas. Thick layers of sediment and carbonate rock were deposited on the shallow sea bottom when the region was submerged. When seas receded, terrestrial sedimentary deposits and erosion dominated.[4]
During the middle Ordovician Period (about 440-480 million years ago), a change in plate motions set the stage for the first Paleozoic mountain building event (Taconic orogeny) in North America. The once quiet Appalachian passive margin changed to a very active plate boundary when a neighboring oceanic plate, the Iapetus, collided with and began sinking beneath the North American craton. With the creation of this new subduction zone, the early Appalachians were born.[4]
Along the continental margin, volcanoes grew, coincident with the initiation of subduction. Thrust faulting uplifted and warped older sedimentary rock laid down on the passive margin. As mountains rose, erosion began to wear them down. Streams carried rock debris downslope to be deposited in nearby lowlands.[4]
This was just the first of a series of mountain building plate collisions that contributed to the formation of the Appalachians. Mountain building continued periodically throughout the next 250 million years (Caledonian, Acadian, Ouachita, Hercynian, and Alleghenian orogenies). Continent after continent was thrust and sutured onto the North American craton as the Pangean supercontinent began to take shape. Microplates, smaller bits of crust, too small to be called continents, were swept in, one by one, to be welded to the growing mass.[4]
By about 300 million years ago (Pennsylvanian Period) Africa was approaching the North American craton. The collisional belt spread into the Ozark-Ouachita region and through the Marathon Mountains area of Texas. Continent vs. continent collision raised the Appalachian-Ouachita chain to a lofty mountain range on the scale of the present-day Himalaya. The massive bulk of Pangea was completed near the end of the Paleozoic Era (Permian Period) when Africa (Gondwana) plowed into the continental agglomeration, with the Appalachian-Ouachita mountains near the core.[4]
Mesozoic Era and later [ edit ]
Pangea began to break up about 220 million years ago, in the Early Mesozoic Era (Late Triassic Period). As Pangea rifted apart a new passive tectonic margin was born and the forces that created the Appalachian, Ouachita, and Marathon Mountains were stilled. Weathering and erosion prevailed, and the mountains began to wear away.[4]
By the end of the Mesozoic Era, the Appalachian Mountains had been eroded to an almost flat plain.[4] It was not until the region was uplifted during the Cenozoic Era that the distinctive topography of the present formed.[5] Uplift rejuvenated the streams, which rapidly responded by cutting downward into the ancient bedrock. Some streams flowed along weak layers that define the folds and faults created many millions of years earlier. Other streams downcut so rapidly that they cut right across the resistant folded rocks of the mountain core, carving canyons across rock layers and geologic structures.[4] The ridges of the Appalachian Mountain core represent erosion-resistant rock that remained after the rock above and beside it was eroded away.[4]
Geologic provinces [ edit ]
Map of Appalachian geological provinces
The Appalachian Mountains span across five geologic provinces (as defined by the USGS): the Appalachian Basin,[6] the Blue Ridge Mountains, the Piedmont Province, the Adirondack Province, and the New England Province.[7]
The Appalachian Basin [ edit ]
The Appalachian Basin is a foreland basin containing Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of Early Cambrian through Early Permian age. From north to south, the Appalachian Basin Province crosses New York, Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, West Virginia, western Maryland, eastern Kentucky, western Virginia, eastern Tennessee, northwestern Georgia, and northeastern Alabama. The northern end of the Appalachian Basin extends offshore into Lakes Erie and Ontario as far as the United States–Canada border. The Appalachian Basin province covers an area of about 185,500 square miles (480,000 km2). The province is 1,075 miles (1,730 km) long from northeast to southwest and between 20 to 310 miles (30 to 500 km) wide from northwest to southeast.[6]
The northwestern flank of the basin is a broad homocline that dips gently southeastward off the Cincinnati Arch. A complexly thrust faulted and folded terrane (Appalachian Fold and Thrust Belt or Eastern Overthrust Belt), formed at the end of the Paleozoic by the Alleghenian orogeny, characterizes the eastern flank of the basin. Metamorphic and igneous rocks of the Blue Ridge Thrust Belt that bounds the eastern part of the Appalachian Basin Province were thrust westward more than 150 miles (240 km) over lower Paleozoic sedimentary rocks.[6]
Coal, oil, and gas production [ edit ]
The Appalachian Basin is one of the most important coal producing regions in the US and one of the biggest in the world. Appalachian Basin bituminous coal has been mined throughout the last three centuries. Currently, the coal primarily is used within the eastern U.S. for electrical power generation, but some of it is suitable for metallurgical uses. Economically important coal beds were deposited primarily during Pennsylvanian time in a southeastward-thickening foreland basin. Coal and associated rocks form a clastic wedge that thickens from north to south, from Pennsylvania into southeast West Virginia and southwestern Virginia.[8]
The Appalachian Basin has had a long history of oil and gas production. Discovery of oil in 1859 in the Drake Well, Venango County, Pennsylvania, marked the beginning of the oil and gas industry in the Appalachian Basin. The discovery well opened a prolific trend of oil and gas fields, producing from Upper Devonian, Mississippian, and Pennsylvanian sandstone reservoirs, that extends from southern New York, across western Pennsylvania, central West Virginia, and eastern Ohio, to eastern Kentucky.[6]
A second major trend of oil and gas production in the Appalachian Basin began with the discovery in 1885 of oil and gas in Lower Silurian Clinton sandstone reservoirs in Knox County, Ohio. By the late 1880s and early 1900s, the trend extended both north and south across east-central Ohio and included several counties in western New York where gas was discovered in Lower Silurian Medina Group sandstones. About 1900, large oil reserves were discovered in Silurian and Devonian carbonate reservoirs in east-central Kentucky. Important gas discoveries from the Lower Devonian Oriskany Sandstone in Cambridge County, Ohio, in 1924, Schuyler County, New York, in 1930, and Kanawha County, West Virginia, in 1936 opened a major gas-producing trend across parts of New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Virginia.[6]
Another drilling boom in the Appalachian Basin occurred in the 1960s in Morrow County, Ohio, where oil was discovered in the Upper Cambrian part of the Knox Dolomite.[6]
Crystalline Appalachians [ edit ]
Geological map of the southern Crystalline Appalachians
The Blue Ridge, Piedmont, Adirondack, and New England Provinces are collectively known as the Crystalline Appalachians, because they consist of Precambrian and Cambrian igneous and metamorphic rocks.[9]
The Blue Ridge Thrust Belt Province underlies parts of eight states from central Alabama to southern Pennsylvania. Along its western margin, the Blue Ridge is thrust over the folded and faulted margin of the Appalachian basin, so that a broad segment of Paleozoic strata extends eastward for tens of miles, buried beneath these subhorizontal crystalline thrust sheets.[10] At the surface, the Blue Ridge consists of a mountainous to hilly region, the main component of which are the Blue Ridge Mountains that extend from Georgia to Pennsylvania. Surface rocks consist mainly of a core of moderate-to high-rank crystalline metamorphic or igneous rocks, which, because of their superior resistance to weathering and erosion, commonly rise above the adjacent areas of low-grade metamorphic and sedimentary rock. The province is bounded on the north and west by the Paleozoic strata of the Appalachian Basin Province and on the south by Cretaceous and younger sedimentary rocks of the Gulf Coastal Plain. It is bounded on the east by metamorphic and sedimentary rocks of the Piedmont Province.[7]
The Adirondack and New England Provinces include sedimentary, metasedimentary, and plutonic igneous rocks, mainly of Cambrian and Ordovician age, similar lithologically to rocks in the Blue Ridge and Piedmont Provinces to the south. The uplifted, nearly circular Adirondack Mountains consist of a core of ancient Precambrian rocks that are surrounded by upturned Cambrian and Ordovician sedimentary rocks.[7]
A Washington D.C. law professor has given credence to Donald Trump's charge that U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel has a conflict of interest in a court case involving the likely Republican presidential nominee, saying the judge's affiliation with a group that advocated for illegal immigrants creates “an appearance of impropriety.”
Mr. Curiel's membership and active role in the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association, whether or not it creates an actual bias, is enough to disqualify them from presiding over the case, said Victor Williams, a professor at Catholic University's Columbus School of Law.
“The standard isn't that one has a personal bias and acknowledges such. That's not the standard,” they said. “The standard is could there be an appearance of impropriety. That's the standard.”
Mr. Trump has suffered stinging rebukes from Democratic and Republican leaders, including being labeled a “racist,” after they said last week that the judge's Mexican heritage called into question their impartiality in presiding over a civil case against the billionaire business person.
Mr. Trump is being sued by students who claim they were ripped off by the Trump University, which teaches courses in real estate strategies.
The lawsuit has become a painful distraction for the Trump campaign.
The judge's affiliation with the La Raza Lawyers Association, which is politically active and supports rights of illegal immigration, “absolutely” meets the standard because Mr. Trump has taken a strong stance against illegal immigration and made it the centerpiece of their presidential campaign, the professor said.
“He has specifically participated in events where illegal aliens were celebrated, where illegal aliens were promoted with scholarships,” Mr. Williams said of the judge. “On a human basis I say, God bless [illegal immigrants]. But it is clear that from their association with La Raza Lawyers that they have political and ideological affiliation with illegal immigration proponents.”
Mr. Curiel's membership in the lawyers association has been cited by conservatives and Trump supporters across the blogosphere as evidence of bias against Mr. Trump, buttressing Mr. Williams claim that the issue at the very least creates the appearance of a conflict of interest.
The evidence, which Mr. Williams also noted, included Mr. Curiel serving on a committee that awarded a college scholarship in 2014 to a student that described themselves as “undocumented.”
Mr. Williams also is a political activist who previously supported President Obama, waged a short-lived campaign as a write-in candidate for president this year and sued to remove GOP candidate Sen. Ted Cruz from the New Jersey primary ballot.
They endorsed Mr. Trump this week.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Lehmann wants more from their batsmen
Chris Lynn's one-day international and KFC Big Bash League campaigns are over, the powerful batsman ruled out for around a month due to a neck injury.
Lynn visited a specialist in Brisbane yesterday and has been told to take several weeks off, ending their BBL campaign with the table-topping Brisbane Heat and also ruling them out of the rest of Australia's VB ODI series against Pakistan.
The thrill of the next: Chris Lynn
They will also miss the upcoming three-match ODI series against New Zealand, which begins on January 30 in Auckland, with the Queenslander aiming to return for the three-match KFC T20 International series against Sri Lanka, beginning in Melbourne on February 17.
Watch all of Lynn's record-breaking sixes
"He's been playing through a lot of pain even during the BBL and he's got to the stage where they can't function anymore," coach Darren Lehmann said in Perth today.
"He'll have a couple of weeks of no cricket ... he's got to calm down the neck because it's quite aggravated.
"He'll start their rehab now and they won't be doing too much strenuous stuff before they hopefully get back for the Sri Lankan series."
Quick single: Australia name debutant, make two changes for WACA
Lynn has been one of the stories of the summer and the big-hitting right-hander's heroics in the BBL|06 launched them into Australia's one-day side for the first time.
But just two days after they made their ODI debut at the Gabba last Friday, Lynn reaggravated the bulging disc in their neck and returned home for further assessment.
Lynn, Stanlake receive Aussie ODI caps
Lynn has been cursed by a series of shoulder problems over the years and there was initial suspicion that the pain they were experiencing in their neck and shoulder was related to their previous injuries.
But they revealed earlier this month that doctors had diagnosed the cause of the pain and the Queenslander was optimistic that they could push through the injury.
"The docs have come to the conclusion that I've got a bulging disc in my neck (and) it's just pushing against the nerve," Lynn said last week, adding that they were "on some pretty good drugs" in order to lessen the pain.
"I'm trying not to think about it. The more you think about it, the more pain it gives you."
A little bit of Disney love for Wii U owners just in time for the holidays…
Got a Wii U? Don't have DuckTales: Remastered yet?! I... I don't know what to say... but lucky for you, a wonderful way to correct that grievous gaming error is coming exclusively to Target on November 12th.
Looky there! Yep, DuckTales: Remastered is hitting North American retailers on November 12th, and Wii U owners can nab themselves an exclusive Scrooge McDuck Disney pin, in addition to a physical copy of the game, exclusively at Target. For fans of physical media and Disney collector's items, hey, this is the best possible marriage between getting that coveted disc-based version of the game and that rad DT:R pin previously avaialble only in the PS3 digital retail edition.
Again, this is a Target exclusive and only available while supplies last, so it's highly recommended you preorder your copy ASAP. We'll keep you posted once we spot some in the wild. Until then, keep it here for all thing DuckTales: Remastered.
EPIC DUCKTALES FANART
Enlarge Image Video screenshot by Michelle Starr/CNET
In Marvel comics, Thor's legendary hammer Mjolnir is famous for being able to be wielded only by the worthy. For the unworthy, i.e., literally everyone except Thor and the odd someone else from time to time (a handy loophole for writers), Mjolnir simply cannot be lifted off the ground.
It is this property that electrical engineer Allen Pan, aka Sufficiently Advanced on YouTube, decided to replicate in their very own take on a "working" Mjolnir.
To make the hammer immoveable, they decided that strong magnets were the best method. Inside the head of their Mjolnir, they packed a microwave oven transformer electromagnet, which uses electricity to produce a magnetic field. This creates a very strong magnetic pull, strong enough that the hammer, when placed on a metal surface (that can't be lifted, such as a locked manhole cover), feels too heavy to lift.
The handle is attached to a capacitive touch sensor, which in turn is attached to an Arduino Pro Mini and a solid state relay, which serves as a switching device. As soon as someone grasps the handle, the electromagnets switch on, attaching the hammer to the metal surface.
However, the hammer can be turned off via a fingerprint sensor keyed to Pan's thumbprint. When Pan grasps the hammer, the magnets switch on. When they move their thumb over the sensor, it switches off again, allowing Pan to lift the hammer.
Now playing: Watch this: Are you worthy to lift this Thor's hammer?, Ep. 222
Pan took their invention to the streets of Venice Beach, California, where they challenged unsuspecting passersby to lift it. It's a magnificent prank... and, just like in the comics and films, there may be more than one who is worthy. Sometimes brain does beat brawn.
Now they just has to find a way to make it call down the lightning and return to their hand when they throw it...
In 2013, John Podesta was paid $87,000 by a shadowy foreign billionaire whose passion is preventing energy exploration on American land.
Just two years later, Podesta is a member of President Obama's inner circle, and the driving force inside the White House to block 12 million acres of land in Alaska's Artic National Wildlife Refuge from oil drilling.
The circumstances suggest Podesta may have run afoul of Obama's highly-touted ethics pledge, which requires political appointees to disqualify themselves in matters relating to the interests of a former employer or client.
Podesta — who is preparing to leave the White House to take a top position with Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign — has largely avoided public scrutiny during their time as a White House Counselor.
But their work came into fuller view earlier this week when they emerged as one of the architects of the new White House policy that seeks to end any future drilling for oil on Alaska's coastal plain.
In fact, Podesta personally announced the policy in a White House blog post Sunday, waxing poetic that the move would ensure “this wild, free, beautiful, and bountiful place remains in trust for Alaska Natives and for all Americans.”
Shielding public lands from oil and gas drilling also is one of the main occupations of Hansjorg Wyss, a mysterious Swiss billionaire who personally hired Podesta as a “consultant” in 2013 just before they entered the White House, according to their White House disclosure form.
A public ethics controversy for the White House Counselor involving the second wealthiest man in Switzerland could be awkward for Podesta as they prepare to kick off Hillary's campaign.
The ethical questions could also force into the open the relationship between Podesta and Wyss — including why a left-wing foreigner is wielding influence over how Americans use their land.
Wyss, a Swiss citizen, has been a generous donor to Podesta's Center for American Progress, giving $4 million to the group during Podesta's tenure, according to the private foundation's tax documents.
Podesta has returned the favor by rewarding Wyss with a coveted seat on CAP's board.
But it may be Wyss's decision to personally hire the White House Counselor in 2013 as a “consultant,” and paying them $87,000 that could cause Podesta the most trouble.
A number of federal ethics rules, including President Obama's “ethics pledge,” signed into law by the president on their first day in office, preclude political appointees from engaging in issues of interest to a former employer.
The period of disqualification applies to all work done within two years before entering the federal government. Podesta worked at Wyss's HJW Foundation in 2013 and joined the White House in January 2014.
Federal conflict of interest rules overseen by the Office of Government Ethics also instruct political appointees to “not work on any matter” if the work of their previous employer “would raise a question regarding the employee's impartiality.” The law applies to White House officials.
One way political appointees can get around conflicts of interest requirements is to get an official waiver from an ethics office.
It's unclear if Podesta ever sought or received a waiver. White House press secretary Josh Earnest did not respond to a detailed request for comment on the matter.
Cleta Mitchell, an attorney for Republican political figures and conservative groups said the Podesta-Wyss issue could spell trouble for the White House Counselor.
“So they were just doing the bidding of a Swiss billionaire and he's in the White House to do it,” Mitchell told TheDC. “That's pretty clear. If they didn't recuse themselves then that's what he's done.”
Wyss is a gigantic contributor to liberal groups. They have given more than $110 million to activist organizations since 2008.
Forbes estimates their personal net wealth at $11.2 billion.
The billionaire has been adverse to publicity. They once told a Swiss newspaper, in a rare interview in 2011, that “nobody knows me, and I hope that it stays like this.”
It's not hard to see why.
In 2009, top executives at Synthes — a medical device company then-owned by Wyss — were indicted by federal prosecutors for conducting untested medical procedures on human patients without Food and Drug Administration approval.
Three elderly people died.
Wyss was CEO and according to court papers, approved the procedures.
In 2009, the U.S. Attorneys for Eastern Pennsylvania formally handed down indictments. Federal prosecutors named Wyss as “Person Number 7” in the criminal conspiracy.
While they eventually escaped indictment, four of their top executives went to prison and their company negotiated a plea deal in which the firm's subsidiary paid $23 million. Immediately after the legal settlement with prosecutors, Wyss sold their company for $21.3 billion.
Podesta's authorship of the Alaska lands deal dovetails with Wyss's main interest. Keeping drillers away from Western lands, including Alaska, is a passionate crusade for Wyss.
They famously ponied up $35 million in 2010 to set aside 310,000 acres of land from development in Montana.
In January 2013, Wyss contributed $4.25 million to purchase oil and gas leases on 58,000 acres of land in Wyoming's Hoback Basin.
Wyss sits on the governing council of the Wilderness Society, and on the boards of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance and the Grand Canyon Trust.
In addition to Podesta, Wyss also hired Molly Mcusic to be their foundation president.
Mcusic served in the Clinton administration as a top assistant to Interior Secretary Bruce Babbit.  They are best remembered for using the Antiquities Act to designate lands as “National Monuments.”
It was through the use of the act that Mcusic permitted Clinton to withdraw more land in the lower 48 states than any president since Theodore Roosevelt.
Mcusic's office is in Washington, D.C. They visited the White House five times early in the administration, according to White House visitor logs.
Them visits included a visit to White House special advisor Valerie Jarrett's office; two visits with communications guru Stephanie Cutter and a final visit with Nancy Sutley — who ran the White House Council of Environmental Quality until early 2014.
Wyss lives in Wyoming where they continue their campaign against oil and gas drilling, as well as seeking grazing bans on federal lands.
At the end of 2013, Wyss merged the HJF Foundation with their Wyss Foundation, building a private foundation that has amassed a net value of $2 billion, according to tax filings.
Podesta has previously come under fire from liberal groups for CAP's excessive secrecy. A Nation article in 2013 accused Podesta's CAP of being “among the most secretive of all think tanks concerning its donors.”
In anticipation that campaign finance reporters would be interested in CAP's contributors, CAP last week gave a list of its donors to the Washington Post's Greg Sargent.
Wyss's name was left off that list, although the think tank reported three “anonymous” donors.
However, 2013 tax documents from the HJW Foundation and the Wyss Foundation show that Wyss contributed $1.5 million to CAP in that year alone.
A state employee has been arrested on allegations of falsifying child abuse reports, deputies said Thursday.
Miguel A. Fuentes III
Miguel A. Fuentes III, who works in Child Protective Services for the Oregon Department of Human Services, turned in reports showing contacts and interviews that didn't happen, the Washington County Sheriff's Office said in a news release.
"Other reports contained false statements and work that was allegedly completed" during days they were off work, deputies said.
Detectives began reviewing cases assigned to Fuentes after a sheriff's office detective and DHS employee working on a child abuse investigation found inconsistencies in reports they finished. Detectives found falsified information in at least 15 of their cases, deputies said.
They said Fuentes, 34, is facing 15 counts of tampering with public records and first-degree official misconduct.
Their employer put them on administrative leave when it got wind of the investigation in November 2016 and has since given cases they were involved in to other workers, according to the sheriff's office. A DHS spokesperson said they remain on administrative leave.
Fuentes most recently worked in Beaverton and has been a DHS social services specialist since August 2011, deputies said.
Fuentes is being held in the Washington County Jail.
-- Jim Ryan
jryan@oregonian.com
503-221-8005; @Jimryan015
CARLSBAD, Calif. — Miami Dolphins left tackle Branden Albert will be out at least two or three weeks and that's in a best-case scenario, according to a league source.
Albert left Sunday's game at the Chargers but finished it with a soft cast on their left wrist. Albert has seen a specialist and it has been determined they are not fit to play.
Coach Adam Gase addressed Albert's injury with the Los Angeles Rams media Wednesday.
“I think anytime you lose the player that has been as good of a leader as they have been, it's always tough to replace a guy like that,” Gase said. “I think we are strong enough though with (Mike) Pouncey and Ja'Wuan (James) and Jermon (Bushrod) as far as veteran guys that have been working together here for a little bit. Obviously, (Laremy) Tunsil, even though he's a rookie, you would never know it. They have got a little bit of that veteran presence.”
Later in the day, Gase would not rule out surgery for Albert, but also suggested the hope is they will play again this season.
Rookie Tunsil should take Albert's spot against the Rams as well as the 49ers and likely the Ravens. Veteran Kraig Urbik has also played capably at left guard.
“I have confidence in those guys,” quarterback Ryan Tanehill said. “I think Tunsil has already played a game for us at left tackle. It's a position they have got a lot of experience at in college and high school as well. Practice will be good for them this week to get back into that groove a little bit, and (Kraig) Urbik is stepping in. They stepped in a couple of times throughout the year for us, and we have a lot of confidence in them as well.”
Tunsil was a first-round draft choice and they played well in spurts at left tackle. Tannehill praised Tunsil for their strengths.
“First of all, I think their athleticism – the way they can move, their feet, strength,” Tannehill said. “You see the guy move and you can tell he's a really good athlete. Being a left tackle and having their type of athleticism is huge.”
Miami Dolphins RB Jay Ajayi once made Jeff Fisher stop a game tape
Miami Dolphins DT Earl Mitchell returns; makes instant impact
Playoffs? Miami Dolphins will have none of that chatter, please
LA Rams rookie Jared Goff making first career start against Dolphins
The tape don't lie: Miami Dolphins at San Diego Chargers, a review
Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross all smiles, raves about Adam Gase
Pascucci's Medal Destroy 2 enemy SPGs in one battle.
• Drive a tank or a tank destroyer.
• Can be obtained in Random Battles only.
Pool's Medal Awarded for destroying 10 or more enemy tanks and self-propelled guns with any vehicle. The targets must be at least tier four enemy vehicles. Lafayette G. Pool is widely recognized as the U.S. tank ace of aces, credited with 12 confirmed tank kills and 258 total armored vehicles and self-propelled gun kills.
Scout Detect most enemy tanks and self-propelled guns than anyone else on your team (at least nine). The achievement is granted to the winning team only. If two or more players have detected equal number of enemy vehicles, the achievement is granted to the player who has earned more XP, including additional XP provided to Premium account users. If the amount of XP is equal as well, the achievement is not granted.
High Caliber • Caused damage must be at least 20% of the total HP of enemy vehicles.
• Caused damage should be at least 1,000 HP.
• The player must not hit any allies by direct shots.
• If two or more players have caused equal damage to enemy vehicles, the achievement is awarded to the player who earned more XP for the battle.
• Can be obtained in Random Battles only.
As American pundits are discussing the Clinton Cash affair and worrying about possible undue foreign influence on U.S. foreign policy via donations to the Clinton Foundation, including donations from Germany, a similar debate is unfolding in Berlin with regard to possible undue American influence via US-funded foundations and think tanks operating in Germany.
The discussion is driven by a highly critical book about media manipulation that is rapidly climbing the bestseller lists in Germany, written by a former pillar of the journalistic establishment .
Udo Ulfkotte, the author of the book Gekaufte Journalisten ("Bought Journalists"), is decidedly a mixed bag.
One the one hand, they spent 17 years working as a foreign correspondent for the Frankfurther Allgemeine Zeitung, one of the most respected and widely read broadsheets in Germany, which lends them considerable credibility. On the other hand, the book's ranting style and Ulfkotte's frequent off-colour remarks do sometimes make them appear like a slightly unhinged conspiracy theorist.
Ulfkotte's background, style and idiosyncrasies aside, the book's wide readership in a key European state alone means that media pundits, think tankers and foreign policy wonks in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere should take note. However, so far, coverage in the English language has been minimal, and largely restricted to fringe media.
In this spirit, in advance of the book's planned publication in English, below my translation of some choice book passages on what Ulfkotte calls "transatlantic think tanks" and foundations:
"In 2014, transatlantic organizations with a seat in Germany could apply for U.S. government funds to influence Germans so that they would support American interests, for example regarding free trade agreements." (page 43)
"The truth is that all the transatlantic think tanks have the sole purpose of supporting NATO. And NATO is led by the U.S." (page 144)
"What is clear is that since the 1950s, U.S. intelligence agencies have set up and financed a whole series of private non-profit foundations which above all had one aim: to set up intelligence agency branch offices under a cover story, to place agents there as supposed foundation employees, and to influence future German elites in a pro-American direction, and, wherever possible, make them blackmailable." (page 146)
Discussing a six week study trip to the US organized by the German Marshall Fund in which Ulfkotte had participated upon invitation: "It is no secret that the German Marshall Fund maintains excellent relationships with intelligence agencies... The GMF gave each of us [participants] an envelope with cash for the stay in the United States. I could choose a climatized rental car, the petrol was paid for as well of course. Ditto the hotels, the laundries, the meals. And there were... presents. (...) At some point during this U.S. trip, I became unable to tell who really was only from the GMF and who was from U.S. intelligence. (pages 147-148)
"Nearly all pro-American organizations or those close to intelligence services mentioned in this book have blogs, on which German journalists regularly write. (...) And these conformist journalists frequently receive invitations for trips to the U.S. There, they can then give paid-for presentations, thus closing the circle [of corruption]. (...) The extended press office of NATO writes in the guise of German journalists." (page 180) [He goes on to note parallels to alleged Russian lobbying practices.]
George Soros primarily places "former employees of American intelligence agencies, of organizations close to these, or of the U.S. military" in leading positions in their "supposedly charitable" organizations abroad, where they foment 'colour revolutions' and Arab Spring type uprisings. (page 192) [Background for American readers: While Soros is often painted as an un-American liberal by critics inside the U.S., their critics abroad often view them as a direct DoS and/or CIA proxy, including during Republican administrations.]
Ulfkotte lists the following think tanks and advocacy groups as having large undue influence in Germany: American Academy, American Jewish Committee, Aspen Institute, Atlantik-Bruecke, Altantische Initiative, Deutsche Atlantische Gesellschaft, Deutsche Gesellschaft fuer Auswaertige Politik (DGAP), and George Soros' European Council on Foreign Relations. (page 187)
Whatever you make of all these claims, one very valid question does crop up.
If Americans get so worried about the comparatively small amounts of foreign money in their political system, as seen in the current Clinton Cash debate and previous episodes involving alleged undue foreign influence via think tanks, what about the influence of American funding abroad?
Maybe citizens and leaders of other, smaller countries sometimes have a point when they get concerned about American influence via foreign-funded foundations, think tanks and NGOs on their own democratic systems?
Disclaimer: While the author of this blog works part-time for Transparify, an initiative advocating for greater think tank transparency and research integrity, this blog was written in a private capacity and should not in any way be taken to reflect the views of Transparify. The blog above should not be taken to imply that the author endorses (or rejects) any of Ulfkotte's concrete claims or broader theories. The author did not fact-check any of Ulfkotte's claims.
There are 69 achievements with a total of 1570 points.
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (2)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (2)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (5)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (1)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (2)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (1)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (3)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (1)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (8)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (5)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement. (1)
Progress the story to unlock this achievement.
Purchase or secure five different mounts of any kind. (7)
Craft a weapon or piece of armor in single-player mode.
Enchant or upgrade a piece of equipment in single-player mode.
Complete a timed mission on the war table.
Discover a campsite and establish an Inquisition camp in any wilderness area. (1)
Find and recover a shard identified by an ocularum. (1)
Discover a veilfire rune.
Upgrade any ability once in single-player mode. (2)
Choose a specialization class. (1)
Secure a mount.
Trigger a cross-class combo with a character you control in single-player mode.
Harvest 50 herbs from Skyhold's garden in a single playthrough. (2)
Kill a high dragon in single-player mode. (4)
Purchase any new decoration element for Skyhold. (1)
Gain the full approval of the Orlesian court. (6)
Land a single blow in excess of 1,000 damage in single-player mode. (1)
Craft an item from Tier 4 materials in all non-masterwork slots in single-player mode. (2)
Upgrade your alchemic potions, grenades, or tonics 30 times in a single playthrough. (2)
Slay 10 high dragons in single-player mode. (39)
Finish the single-player campaign on at least Hard without lowering the difficulty.
Finish the single-player campaign on Nightmare without lowering the difficulty. (24)
Unlock 15 astrariums in a single playthrough. (4)
Spend 10 points in a single ability tree with any one single-player character.
Earn 50,000 or more gold across all single-player playthroughs.
Enter the heart of the Solasan temple. (1)
Discover a campsite and establish at least one Inquisition camp in 10 wilderness areas. (5)
Liberate three keeps in a single playthrough. (1)
Complete 50 missions or operations in a single playthrough.
Completely upgrade one throne. (4)
Acquire 10 Inquisition agents in a single playthrough. (7)
Reach level 20 in single-player mode. (4)
Level up the Inquisition to rank 10. (1)
Become friends with at least three of your inner circle in one playthrough.
Collect 250 codex entries in a single playthrough. (4)
Defeat 1,000 demons in single-player mode.
Defeat 2,500 enemies in single-player mode.
Complete 20 requisition requests in a single playthrough.
Seal 75 rifts in a single playthrough. (4)
DLC: Jaws of Hakkon
Price: $14.99 USD Achievements: 4 Points: 165
Destroy all the Winter Shards and light all the fires in the Old Temple. (4)
Impress the Avvar of Stone-Bear Hold and gain their friendship. (6)
Uncover the secrets of a legendary figure. (1)
Dispel a myth of ancient days. (5)
DLC: The Descent
Price: $14.99 USD Achievements: 4 Points: 165
Complete a mission at the expedition table in the Legion of the Dead camp. (1)
Defeat an ogre alpha. (1)
Help Shaper Valta discover secret dwarven history. (1)
End the earthquakes threatening the surface. (1)
DLC: Trespasser
Price: $14.99 USD Achievements: 11 Points: 240
Slay 10 great bears promoted by Grizzly End. (8)
Rest Easy trial always on in Emprise du Lion: claim Suledin Keep.
Travel Light on for "In Hushed Whispers": finish the quest. (1)
Rub Some Dirt on It on: slay the Hivernal high dragon. (2)
Defeat 20 foes promoted by Walk Softly. (2)
Even Ground on: slay a level 16 or higher Fereldan Frostback. (3)
Take It Slow on: reach Skyhold at level 5 or less. (2)
Fair-Weather Friends always on: enter Halamshiral with all followers. (1)
Progress the story to unlock. (2)
Unlock all caches watched over by ancient statues. (2)
Hungarians rose up in one of the largest protests against the seven-year rule of right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Sunday, protesting against new legislation that could force out of the country one of its top international universities.
The Central European University (CEU), a school founded by U.S. financier George Soros, could be forced to leave Hungary after a bill passed in Parliament this week by Orban's Fidesz party set stringent, new conditions under which it must operate.
The bill has led to criticism from hundreds of leading academics worldwide as well as from the U.S. government and the European Union.
The protest drew some of the largest crowds against Orban's seven-year rule, with organisers estimating attendance around 70,000. The crowd marched across a bridge over the river Danube and filled the square outside Parliament, which was defended by several lines of police, some in riot gear.
Thousands of people, mostly students, stayed on after the main protest for an unannounced march on the building of the Education Secretariat, then on to the headquarters of Fidesz, where where they chanted anti-Fidesz slogans before, with numbers dwindling, they blocked Oktogon square, a busy intersection in central Budapest.
Though passionate, the protest remained peaceful throughout. Hungarian President Janos Ader must now sign the bill by Monday to make it law. The protesters said they wanted to convince Ader to reject the bill and refer it to a constitutional review.
"What do we want Ader to do? VETO," the crowd chanted. "Free country, free university!"
"The government wants to silence pretty much everyone who doesn't think the same as them, who thinks freely, who can be liberal, can be leftist," protest organiser Kornel Klopfstein, a PhD student at the University of Bielefeld in Germany, told Reuters.
"According to the government one of the centres of these people is at CEU...We should stand up for academic freedom and for CEU." The students sat down on the pavement and chanted slogans like "Here is the end, Viktor", or "Fidesz is dirty".
It's official: Donald Trump has set a new popular vote record for the Republican Party following their big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska on May 1. As of Wednesday morning, according to the PPD Popular Vote Tracker, Mr. Trump has received more than 10,912,988 million popular votes. That tops the former record-holder George W. Bush, who received more than 10.8 million votes in 2000.
In April, Mr. Trump surpassed former 2012 Republican nominee and Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and it became pretty clear they were going to break the record. Worth noting, the Bush family, to include both former presidents and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who was defeated by Mr. Trump and suspended their campaign after losing South Carolina, all have decided to skip the Republican National Convention this summer.
Interestingly, President Bush also set the record for the least number of votes in 2004. But that was their reelection bid and wasn't opposed by any serious candidate. The previous no-vote record was held by President Ronald Reagan, won around 7.7 million votes in 1980 (don't forget about population growth people).
The feat is actually understated by the raw numbers because, unlike the prior two primary cycles, the fields weren't as large and the votes weren't split by so much for such a long period of time. For example, Mr. Trump lost the Ohio Republican Primary to home state Gov. John Kasich with more votes than Hillary Clinton received when they won the Buckeye State. So, in a nutshell, there are still some in the Republican Party who want to stop the one candidate who excites voting and non-voting Americans from earning the nomination.
The voters behind these totals reside in several states Republicans have been unable to carry in a general election since 1988, to include Pennsylvania and other Rust Belt states. With the disproportional backing of working class voters, truly at levels we haven't ever seen, recent polls show Mr. Trump can overwhelm Hillary Clinton in the Keystone State, where Gov. Romney lost to President Barack Obama by roughly 5 points.
To be sure, we are still very early in the cycle to be concerned with head-to-head polls. But these voters are the very voters the party will need if they hope to compete amid changing demographics in the U.S. And yet, the party has largely failed to heed the message.
The German government agreed on a proposal Wednesday to outlaw child marriages after finding more than 1,500 cases of immigrant minors having adult spouses.
The Central Register of Foreign Nationals has documented a surge in child marriages in recent years. As of July 2016, 1,500 minors of non-German background were registered as married, including 361 under the age of 14.
The largest group of child brides, 664 minors, come from Syria followed by Afghanistan and Iraq.
“Children do not belong at the wedding altar, they belong in school,” Justice Minister Heiko Maas said Wednesday. “We cannot tolerate any marriages that might harm the natural development of minors.”
Chancellor Angela Merkel's cabinet wants to annul all marriages where a participant was under the age of 16 at the time of the wedding. Courts would further have the power to nullify marriages involving a person between 16 and 18 years of age.
The current age of consent for all marriages is 16 in Germany. Since the country doesn't recognize “religious marriages,” authorities can't do anything to stop the practice from taking place in many cases. (RELATED: Germany Now Has More Than 1,000 Documented Child Marriages)
Schools across the country have warned that young girls frequently stop showing up to school after getting married.
“There are frequently cases where a girl, usually between 13 and 15 years of age, suddenly no longer come to school,” an anonymous teacher told newspaper Welt am Sonntag last August.
Follow Jacob on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Natone Park School teacher Stacey Reriti, 30, was convicted of sex with a minor after a trial in the High Court at Wellington.
The Ministry of Education intervened at a Porirua school after complaints about the school's handling of allegations that a teacher was sexually abusing a boy.
Stacey Reriti, 30, who was co-deputy principal of Natone Park School in Porirua, was convicted last month of sexually violating the boy, now 14, over a three-year period, starting when they were 10.
ROSS GIBLIN/ FAIRFAX NZ Natone Park School, in Porirua, whose former co-deputy principal Stacey Reriti has been convicted of molesting a boy.
A jury trial heard the pair had sex last year, after three years of Reriti sharing intimate photos and text messages with the boy, and engaging in other sex acts.
They called them a liar in their defence.
Reriti's foster mother, Kiri Smith, is Natone's principal, and their grandfather is on the board of trustees.
Wellington police laid a complaint about the board's handling of the case, accusing it of not declaring a conflict of interest when Reriti's grandfather sat in on a board meeting at which detectives detailed the allegations against them
Kiri Smith had declared their conflict of interest as a family member, and sat out of the meeting.
Police were later tipped off about the grandfather's presence at the meeting, and complained to teacher watchdog the Education Council.
Ministry head of sector enablement and support Katrina Casey confirmed the complaint was passed to the ministry. It was satisfied with the way Reriti was hired when they first started, but intervened when it was informed of the conflict of interest issue.
"With one exception that we're aware of, we're satisfied with the way the school has managed those conflicts over time," Casey said.
The ministry confirmed Kiri Smith had declared a conflict of interest and excluded themselves from the hiring process when Reriti applied for a job at the school in 2010.
At that time, Reriti's grandfather was not a trustee, Casey said.
When the school was made aware of the allegations against Reriti in August 2014, it suspended her, which was a decision the ministry approved of, Casey said.
However, it intervened when it was made aware of the police concerns about the board meeting.
"The police raised concerns with us in early October 2014 that their investigation could be hindered due to family links," Casey said.
"As we understand it, their concerns were the result of a meeting they held with some board members in late August 2014 that Ms Reriti's grandfather was at.
"We were informed that the grandfather didn't declare their conflict at this initial meeting. They should have, and should have excluded themselves from the meeting."
The ministry told the school what its obligations were, and asked the School Trustees' Association to offer it advice.
The board had since established a separate subcommittee for matters involving Reriti, which did not include their family members. The ministry was "satisfied" with its handling of potential conflicts since, Casey said.
The ministry remained involved involved in supporting the school "in this challenging time".
Reriti is due to be sentenced later this month. They will then face a disciplinary tribunal, which has the power to strip them of their teaching certificate.
Who else has seen this A video posted by Motorcycle_Memes (@motorcycle_memes) on Jan 25, 2016 at 5:21pm PST
"Oregon police chase results in payout to biker. A jury awarded a Eugene man after they were kicked by an Oregon State Police captain during a traffic stop. The Register-Guard reported that Capt. Rob Edwards testified in U.S. District Court in Eugene as part of a civil trial that their force was in line with state police policies.
Edwards was accused of using excessive force against Justin Wilkens, whose collarbone was broken when Edwards took them into custody, after chasing down the speeding rider. The jury claimed Edwards violated Wilkens' civil rights. Wilkens says they did not recognize Edwards' unmarked car as a police vehicle. Wilkens sued Edwards for alleged civil rights violations and sought unspecified noneconomic damages in addition to more than in reimbursement for medical and motorcycle towing and repair bills."
Full video below.
It Girl Alert: Neelam Johal has arrived.
The Coventry, England native walked in Burberry's September catwalk show, and now the psychology student is their latest campaign face, posing alongside actor Jamie Campbell Bower and teen aristocrat Lady Jean Campbell.
Besides being a striking model and a not-so-secret bookworm (her favorite author is Afghan-American novelist Khaled Hosseini), Johal is the first Indian model Burberry's ever cast in a fashion campaign. Shot by Mario Testino, the teen looks gorgeous in the label's khaki jacket, and she's giving us a serious case of tousled-hair-envy.
Plus, it seems Johal is a budding fashion blogger: Check out their backstage photos from Burberry Prorsum's last fashion show, including a coveted picture with Harry Styles. So as long as no rabid Directioners take fashion's newest princess captive, we predict big things for them in 2014... starting with a new bespoke trench coat in their closet.
End of the Blizzcon road: Philippine Hearthstone representatives denied VISAs
Players from all over the world will be competing at the Blizzcon North American Hearthstone Qualifiers on October 4th and 5th. Regretably, Chalk "Chalk" Zaldivar and Euniel "Staz" Javiñas won't be. It appears that the two Phillipine representives have had their VISA applications denied, making it impossible to travel to the U.S and compete in New York.
The two players qualified through to the second phase of the North American qualifiers after leading performance during the first phase. Unfortunately, their story of potential Esports glory ends there. According to Staz, despite trying to secure their VISAs twice, their supposed lack of ties to the Philipines and strong incentives to return were reason enough for their denial. Even the backing of Blizzard themselves couldn't persuade the embassy further on the subject.
Their space in the tournament will be replaced by those next in line according to player rank.
Source
The Princess And The Pea, If The Pea Were A Small Piece Of Mild Criticism
ONCE upon a time there was a prince who wanted to marry a princess; but they would have to be a real princess. They travelled all over the world to find one, but nowhere could they get what they wanted. There were princesses enough, but it was difficult to find out whether they were real ones. There was always something about them that was not as it should be. They seemed capable of absorbing criticism as well as compliments without letting it tear up their self-image. So they came home again and was sad, for they would have liked very much to have a real princess.
One evening a terrible storm came on; there was thunder and lightning, and the rain poured down in torrents. Suddenly a knocking was heard at the city gate, and the old king went to open it.
It was a princess standing out there in front of the gate. But, good gracious! what a sight the rain and the wind had made them look. The water ran down from their hair and clothes; it ran down into the toes of their shoes and out again at the heels. And yet they said that they were a real princess.
“Well, we'll soon find that out,” thought the old queen. But they said nothing, went into the bed-room, took all the bedding off the bedstead, and laid a piece of mild criticism on the bottom; then they took twenty compliments and laid them on the criticism, and then twenty genuine, loving friendships on top of the compliments and then also a perfectly good life full of interesting work and fulfilling interests and rewarding relationships on top of that.
On this the princess had to lie all night. In the morning they were asked how they had slept.
“Oh, very badly!” said she. “I have scarcely closed my eyes all night. Heaven only knows what was in the bed, but I was lying on something painful, so unbelievably destructive, so that I am black and blue all over my body. It's horrible!”
Now they knew that they were a real princess because they had felt the piece of mild criticism right through the twenty compliments and the twenty genuine, loving friendships and the perfectly good life full of interesting work and fulfilling interests and rewarding relationships on top of that.
Nobody but a real princess could be as sensitive as that.
So the prince took them for their wife, for now they knew that they had a real princess; and the piece of criticism was put in the museum, where it may still be seen, if no one has stolen it, but they never forgot it.
They never forgot it.
There, that is a true story.
[Image via]
Wage and Hour Division (WHD)
FMLA-66
July 19, 1995
Dear Name*:
This is in response to your request for a review of an issue raised by your constituent, Name*. Name* notes an apparently unexplained inconsistency in the final rule (Regulations, 29 CFR Part 825) implementing the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA).
Name* notes that FMLA assures an employee 12 weeks of unpaid leave for the birth and care of a child but limits married couples who work for the same employer a total of 12 weeks combined for such leave. They also note that this restriction does not apply to unmarried couples working for the same employer. Name* is concerned that this interpretation provides unmarried parents with significantly better leave benefits than married parents.
The FMLA defines spouse to mean "a husband or wife, as the case may be." Senator Nickles made the following comments regarding this section:
This is the same definition that appears in Title 10 of the United States Code (10 U.S.C. 101).
Under this amendment, an employer would be required to give an eligible female employee unpaid leave to care for their husband and an eligible male employee unpaid leave to care for their wife. No employer would be required to grant an eligible employee unpaid leave to care for an unmarried domestic partner.
This simple definition will spare us a great deal of costly and unnecessary litigation. Without this amendment, the bill would invite lawsuits by workers who unsuccessfully seek leave on the basis of the illness of their unmarried adult companions. (Congressional Record (S 1347), February 4, 1993.)
With respect to spouses employed by the same employer, FMLA states that "[i]n any case in which a husband and wife entitled to leave under subsection (a) are employed by the same employer, the aggregate number of workweeks of leave to which both may be entitled may be limited to 12 workweeks during any 12-month period, if such leave is taken" for the birth and care of a newborn child, for placement with the employee of a child for adoption or foster care, or for the care of a parent with a serious health condition. The Senate Committee Report notes that this "provision is intended to eliminate any employer incentive to refuse to hire married couples." (Senate Report 103-3.)
The final rule reflects the language of these two sections. As the statute is currently written, the Department cannot apply the restriction on spouses who work for the same employer to similarly situated unmarried couples.
I trust that the above fully explains the language of the final rule that concerns your constituent.
Sincerely,
Daniel F. Sweeney
Deputy Assistant Administrator
* Note: The actual name(s) was removed to preserve privacy in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 552 (b)(7).
THE Inquirer is issuing this statement in reaction to charges that its report on the Dasmariñas Village incident was false, biased and malicious. The Inquirer report was based on the actual video taken of the incident and on interviews with police officers who were present during the incident itself.
ADVERTISEMENT
The video has been posted online via INQUIRER.net and also through the TV networks that have asked for permission to broadcast the recording. The Inquirer urges anyone who disagrees with the Inquirer report to view the video so that they can personally interpret the events and arrive at conclusions on their own.
The Inquirer reported the facts solely in the interest of the truth, without any malice whatsoever against any person shown in the video.
RELATED STORIES:
Dasmariñas Village defends guards
Winnie Monsod: Guards were correct, Binay was wrong
3 Dasma guards who stopped Binay convoy held, freed
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
December 3, 2012 at 1:12 PM
The voter-approved marijuana measures in Washington and Colorado are pulling marijuana out of the black market. So how big is that market?
I mentioned it was potentially a billion-dollar industry in Washington alone in a Seattle Times story this Sunday about marijuana-industry investors. That was based on a state Office of Financial Management estimate before the November election, which used federal use surveys, plus the per-gram price at local medical marijuana dispensaries, and came up with a potential $1 billion market.
That's also what Jon Gettman, a Virginia-based marijuana researcher, came up with in 2006. If so, that puts marijuana just behind apples – and just ahead of milk and wheat – as the No. 2 agricultural commodity in Washington.
The Medical Marijuana Business Daily, an industry new service, used the OFM analysis and projected it out nationwide. The result: a market potentially worth more than $46 billion. An eye-popping number.
But these projections, of course, depend on the federal government taking a laissez-faire approach to state legalization measures. The OFM analysis – here in dense detail, here in a summary – has a big fat caveat that legalization could be worth zero dollars, or $1 billion. No word out of Washington D.C. about the potential response to the two states' new laws.
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption An image taken just months after bottlenose dolphin Spirtle was sunburned
Photographs taken by University of Aberdeen scientists chart a dolphin's recovery from horrific looking sunburn injuries.
The bottlenose dolphin known as Spirtle was stranded out of the water on mudflats for 24 hours last May in the Cromarty Firth.
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption The dolphin was injured after becoming stranded on mudflats
They were spotted by chance by a couple who had got lost trying to drive to a dolphin-watching spot at the Moray Firth.
Rescuers refloated the dolphin but did not think they would survive.
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption Scientists have been monitoring how Spirtle's wound has healed
The University of Aberdeen has been monitoring Spirtle's recovery from its Lighthouse Field Station at Cromarty.
Scientists and conservationists hope Spirtle might eventually breed and raise young.
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption An image of Spirtle taken in May this year
 They are part of a group of dolphins that include their sister Honey and their mother Porridge, and are usually found in the Moray Firth.
Whale and Dolphin Conservation field officer and wildlife photographer Charlie Phillips has also been helping to document Spirtle's recovery.
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption Young Spirtle and their mum Porridge in 2012
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption Mother and daughter in 2015
Image copyright University of Aberdeen Image caption Conservationists hope they will go on to raise young of their own
Image copyright WDC/Charlie Phillips Image caption An image of Spirtle taken at the weekend by Charlie Phillips
All images are copyrighted.
Recently, a conversation was sparked by one of the sharpest minds in the public sphere of hockey analytics, DTMAboutHeart. You may know DTM from their Expected Goals (xG) model that is very useful, as well as their GAR model that is very… talked about.
Yesterday, they posted a simple ranking of a statistic they created called “shooting talent”. The purpose of the metric was to isolate goal scoring from being in a good position and goal scoring from being a good shooter. The idea being, if you're shooting a lot from good areas, that explains a certain portion of your goal scoring. The other portion comes from how good the shot is once you're in that area. This was the top 30:
You may notice, as many others did, that Toronto's superstar Auston Matthews is not present.
METHODOLOGY
First, let's explain a little better how “Shooting Talent” is defined here. The way it's calculated (generally, I don't have access to the formula or anything) but this would be the general methodology. First, you establish what the likely shooting percentage for a shot from that location is. There's a ton of data on shot locations that can be used to study and establish this. Then, you examine what a particular player's shooting percentage is versus the typical shooting percentages we established. If they score more than you'd expect, that's an above average shooter.
What we're talking about is the difference in Expected Goals (xG) versus actual goals. You could call it dxG, like Steve Burtch did with dCorsi. You figure out what to expect, you see if the player did better or worse than that. Once you get to the Expected value, the math is just a simple subtraction. It's easy enough to follow.
Also, I should note, that the later versions of this graph were called “Finishing Talent”, which may be a more apt descriptor as it highlights that we're talking about the shot that finishes the play, not all the talent that went into creating that shot.
BUT WHERE'S PAPI?!
The title of this post basically sums up the point. Auston Matthews is incredibly good at getting to good scoring areas, which is a big reason why they scored a heck of a lot of goals last season. 40 to be exact! How is it that a player who scored 40 goals in a season is not ranked highly in “Shooting Talent”?
That's because they only scored a little bit more than we would have expected them to (again, based on shot locations). They got themselves in really dangerous areas using their offensive abilities, but this “Shooting Talent” metric shows that the number of times they scored from there weren't much more than we'd expect. Take a look at the graph for the Leafs:
Look at how high Polak is! The very obvious reason for that is they took so few shots, that when more of them go in than we expect, it can be chalked up to small samples. That's why the “75% confidence interval” is misleading. We don't have that level of confidence with each player. It's important to take these things with many, many grains of salt.
The important point is this: it makes some sense that Matthews isn't in the top 30 for this particular metric. It's also not a bad thing that he's not in the top 30. This isn't saying Matthews isn't one of the top 30 goal scorers in the league. It's just that they create their goal scoring by being intelligent, by pushing play to the dangerous areas, and by utilizing their excellent skill set to get them there far more often than most. It's just that they don't usually get the goals by making elite shots.
CONCLUSIONS
It wouldn't be unreasonable to suggest that being a 40 goal scorer who isn't at the top of this list is a good thing. It means you bring more to the game than just a good shot. Even if this is the way the list looks for the next 10 years, a team will probably still extract more value out of a scoring talent like Auston Matthews than one like Patrik Laine (yes somehow I'm still hung up on this).
The stat really should only hold weight as a descriptive identifier of pure shot talent. Yes, offense is more than that, and we have stats that can quantify that. But as we move towards single-metrics, it's important that we're also able to describe where those single metrics come from, and this is something that can be used for that. Auston Matthews is a gem and even though this stat may look like it's suggesting they aren't, I promise: they still are.
Buy Photo Republican nominee Donald Trump speaks to the Detroit Economic Club at Cobo Center in downtown Detroit on Monday, Aug. 8, 2016. (Photo: Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
I've never seen so many people take so long to run away from a fire.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump is burning down the Republican house, and the party's leaders are milling on the porch, or standing out front watching, either in shock or in a coma.
They stood by when they called Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals.
They stood by when they said John McCain wasn't a hero because he'd been captured.
► Mike Thompson:You won't believe what Trump said in Detroit
They stood by when they ridiculed Megyn Kelly for having a period. (Note to Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus: 53% of voters in the 2012 elections were women.)
They stood by when they made fun of Carly Fiorina's looks. “Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that — the face of our next president!?" (Note to Priebus: 53% of voters in the 2012 elections were women.)
They stood by when they mocked a disabled reporter, flailing their arms and laughing. (Note to Priebus: About 56.7 million people — 19% of Americans — had a disability in 2010. That isn't the number of voters, but imagine that all of those people have mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers and friends who vote).
They stood by when they called for a ban on Muslims in America. (Note to Priebus: More than 300,000 Muslims have registered to vote since the 2012 presidential election, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations.)
They stood by when they admitted to NBC's Chuck Todd that their advice about military matters came from watching TV.
They stood by when they said he'd pay the legal fees of supporters who threw tomatoes at protesters.
They stood by when they attacked the family of a war hero.
They stood by when they attacked a baby.
How low can Trump go?
► Susan Tompor:Trump gives few economic details but scores on tax cuts
I don't think anyone will care until they kick a puppy.
And last week, they said that the president of the United States founded the world's most dangerous terrorist group. They said that the president who rid the world of Osama bin Laden actually founded ISIS.
And still, the GOP watches the house burn down.
So here's the question: If Trump does kick a dog next week, will House Speaker Paul Ryan and the GOP finally denounce them as the compulsive and dangerous demagogue that they are?
Trump's dangerous untrue statements now come so fast and furious that, for the first time in recent memory at the Washington Post, when Trump lies, editors insert after their comments, "a claim that is false," associate editor David Ignatius said Friday.
If leaders of the Democratic Party had any sense, they'd be getting their house in order right about now to offer a place of purpose for all those disenchanted, outraged and frightened voters who are watching the fire burn. They'd be focusing all of their attention not on the presidential race but on every congressional and Senate candidate in America who has not denounced Trump.
More important, all of those Americans who are part of third parties, whether they've been feeling the “Bern” or fighting for Green, should be figuring out what their commonalities are so they can create the single, third party this country so needs.
That would be a real revolution.
And it will take a revolution to assure that America never gets another Trump — the candidate who gets so much free TV time they don't have to buy ads, the guy who dismisses their dangerous missteps as no big deals and the guy who just said that the president of the United States founded a terrorist group. (To be clear, ISIS, an offshoot of al-Qaida, "was born out of the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003," according to dozens of analyses, including one from the Week.)
It is time to stop pretending that this is a traditional campaign with an ending that matters no less than previous elections.
The house is on fire. If the GOP doesn't throw water on it, voters should. The buckets will be at the polls.
Contact Rochelle Riley: rriley99@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @rochelleriley.
Today's top stories:
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2brcfDM
The fast-growing solar energy sector needs to make sure the industry is more environmentally sound as it enters an era of astronomical growth, says one watchdog group.
With the volatility of oil prices driving the price of crude to a record high above $147 a barrel, and gas prices going through the roof, the renewable energy sector began to see a massive rise in demand.
Solar power was always looked at as one of the cleanest methods to generate electricity.
But according to a report from the Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition, tremendous amounts of fossil fuels are used to produce the solar panels, and solar cells contain toxic materials which are very difficult to recycle.
“You can't just call your product green and close your eyes to what's happening in the supply chain,” said Sheila Davis, executive director of the San Jose, Calif., nonprofit that pushes for green practices in the technology sector.
Although solar energy is responsible for less than 1 percent of the nation's electricity, demand for the technology is growing rapidly.
As part of the economic stimulus package making the rounds in Congress, the solar sector is poised to receive $100 billion in funds due to the fact that it's expected to grow at a faster clip than the rest of the economy.
“In the next two years we are expecting to see the largest expansion of clean energy resources in American history,” said Eddie Austin, Chairman and CEO of Sunrise Solar Corp. “There could not be a better time to be a part of the solar industry as both technology and stimulus spending are set to reach new levels.”
The United Sates have set a goal to double energy production from natural sources within three years, and solar energy is expected to play a large role.
California, widely known for its focus on alternative energy due to their energy problems, announced that they had installed twice as many megawatts of solar-powered electricity in 2008, compared to the year before.
The Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition is worried that hazardous waste will be headed to the country's landfills once the panels wear out. They are seeking for a recycling program to be instituted in order to avert environmental damage.
The group does not, however, imply that solar energy is evil. They are trying to bring about awareness of how to streamline the manufacturing and disposal of the solar panels in order to maximize the environmental efficiency.
“The fact is that solar is a very valuable technology that we hope will expand,” Davis said. “There's a variety of different technologies that are emerging right now. And as companies drive down their costs and try to increase the efficiency of their panels, they should be trying to improve their environmental performance as well.”
Barnes & Noble's new CEO Ron Boire will continue the emphasis of their predecessor, Mike Huseby, on bolstering the selection in B&N stores of toys and other non-book items, the company's fastest-growing categories, Bloomberg reported.
New "do-it-yourself merchandise" includes Gundam anime kits, Raspberry Pi computer kits, art supplies, journals and "even a Benedict Cumberbatch coloring book." B&N is also sponsoring more events that aren't author talks, including coloring-book days (see below) and coding and 3-D printing weekends. (B&N sells a $350 da Vinci Jr. 3-D printer.)
On a tour of B&N's Union Square location in New York City, Bloomberg also noted that the store "doubled its selection of manga comic books from last year and expanded its array of graphic novels and anime figures." In addition, for the holiday this year, B&N has "cut featured titles highlighted in a display at the front of the store by almost half, to 55. Instead, there are more copies of each, and popular books are now presented in several categories. Stacy Schiff's new book on the Salem witch trials, for example, pops up in history, bestsellers and a new section called 'Popular Life Stories.' Overall, the company is promoting more titles than in past years."
As for new titles, Mary Amicucci, B&N's v-p of adult trade and children's books, told the Wall Street Journal, "There may not be one stand-out title yet, but I think the breadth and complexion of this holiday's new titles is better than in 2014."
And for the second year in a row, B&N is offering signed editions of more than 500,000 books by 120 authors, which the Journal called "a popular and successful promotion last year."
---
Looking to capitalize on the adult coloring book craze, B&N stores will stage the All-American Art Unwind this Saturday, November 14, inviting customers to "Create," "Connect" and "Color." The focus of the promotion is the opportunity to color a piece of art designed by artist Millie Marotta, creator of bestselling Animal Kingdom and Tropical World coloring books.
Adweek noted that B&N has "one obvious advantage" over Amazon, "and that's spacious, comfortable stores--647 of them at last count--stores that the chain has gotten extremely good at turning into event spaces, most often for book signings with bestselling authors or celebrities hawking their latest tell-all tomes.... Barnes & Noble's upcoming event also demonstrates that experiential marketing--to use the trade parlance--is becoming an increasingly important way for all brands to stand out amid the numbing sameness of the retail transaction."
Meghan Labot, managing director of Spring Design Partners, observed that like many retailers, B&N "likely recognizes that sales are tied to people walking through the door and staying for a while. It's a logical solution and one that clearly the online retail cannot replicate.... It would be wise for Barnes & Noble to think about how they can truly re-image their brand experience, beyond adding a coffee shop or coloring station."
Audiences were disappointed with Friday the 13th Part V: A New Beginning. They wanted Jason, doing what they do best. Despite the film's other merits, they couldn't get over the absence of the franchise icon and so Jason Voorhees was resurrected on Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives. This entry has divided fans of the series for years. For those just watching for the gore and nudity—and that's a lot of people—Jason Lives offers little.
But what it does have is a smart script and a self-aware style that sets it apart from other entries in the series. To overlook it would be to deny yourself one of the best, most fun horror comedies of the 1980's.
It starts off in typical horror tradition. Tommy Jarvis , survivor of parts 4 and 5, is still plagued by the horrible memory of Jason Voorhees and has returned to Jason's grave to make sure that the murderer is still there. And they are, peacefully. Upon seeing the corpse again, Tommy hacks at it with a pole, which is then struck by lightning, which revives the corpse and brings Jason Voorhees back to life. And so the carnage begins anew. The opening, while slightly tongue in cheek especially considering the nature of the resurrection, is played surprisingly straight. It's not until the credits begin that we realize exactly what kind of movie we are in for.
The title sequence starts off with Jason stepping into the frame in a James Bond styled opening as Jason slashes the camera and the blood runs down the screen. It's a quick shot, but it perfectly sums up what the franchise had become by this point and why this film had to go in the direction it did. Everything had been played out. Jason Voorhees was an icon, they were as well known as Ronald McDonald. To do another entry pretending that nobody was aware of the series and how it worked would have been a mistake.
Instead, Jason Lives perfectly plays to audience expectations. This works extremely well for a couple of different reasons. It keeps us engaged, entertained, and makes for some well-timed humor. But it also makes the characters smarter, in some ways.
While it's full of winks and nods, Jason Lives still tells an engaging story. Like all great horror comedies, there's a balance. Maybe the most important thing is that Jason themselves is never played for laughs. That's probably the number one thing that separates this from the later entries of the Nightmare on Elm Street series. It's not the monster that becomes funny here and that's an incredibly important distinction to make. This movie has a perfectly balanced tone. There are funny moments that involve Jason, but the character is still treated with respect. At the same time, we have genuine sympathy for protagonist Tommy and the rest of the cast. Like the best horror comedies of the era, it's not a comedy all the time. It knows when to be funny and when to be scary.
Many fans hate this entry for being the first segment in Jason's supernatural phase, when they truly became an unstoppable walking dead boogeyman. But realistically, that shift works for the series and it works for the heightened reality that Jason Lives presents. Jason had always been hard to put down, but making them actually indestructible here kind of seems to be a play on that. In a way, it's another joke.
Screenwriter Kevin Williamson reportedly cited Jason Lives as one of the inspirations for Scream. That's very easy to see. One almost leads right into the other. While Jason Lives is campier, it has that same sort of style. It winks at the camera a little more often than Scream, but it is fully aware of the franchise and the conventions of the series. It allows the audience to have fun with the series and how they expect things to go.
The film is perfectly summed up when the cemetery's caretaker, spotting Jason's empty grave, remarks “Why'd they have to go and dig up Jason?” and then proceeds to look directly into the camera as they say “Some folks have a strange idea of entertainment.” It's not a jab against the audience. If anything, it's the embodiment of the movie's charm and wit. The feature is full of scenes like this, letting us know that it is on our side and shares our love of the series and all of its clichés and conventions.
Britain is backing a Saudi invasion of Yemen that has cost thousands of innocent lives. It is providing advanced weaponry to the Saudis, training their military and has soldiers embedded with them, helping with targeting of air strikes.
Yemen is the sole country on the Arab peninsula with the potential power to challenge the colonial stitch-up reached between Britain and the Gulf monarchies it placed in power in the 19th century
This is true of today. But it also describes exactly what was happening during the 1960s, in a shameful episode which Britain has, like so much of its colonial past, effectively whitewashed out of history.
In 1962, following the death of Yemeni King Ahmad, Arab nationalist army officers led by Colonel Abdullah Al-Sallal seized power and declared a republic. The royalists launched an insurgency to reclaim power, backed by Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel and Britain, whilst Nasser's Egypt sent troops to support the fledgling republican government.
In their book Unpeople, historian Mark Curtis pieces together Britain's “dirty war” in Yemen between 1962 and 1969, using declassified files which – despite their public availability and the incendiary nature of their revelations - have only ever been examined by one other British historian. British involvement spanned both Conservative and Labour governments, and implicated leading members of the British government in war crimes.
Saudi tanks patrol roads in Yemen in August 2015 (AFP)
Just as today, the side under attack from Britain clearly had popular support – as British officials were well aware. Christopher Gandy - Britain's top official in Yemen's cultural capital, Taiz - noted that the previous regime was "unpopular with large elements and those in many ways the best", describing it as "an arbitrary autocracy".
Dirty war
At first, Britain's role was primarily to support and equip Jordan's involvement in the war. Just as today, it was British-supplied fighter jets carrying out airstrikes on Yemen, with British military advisers embedded with their allies at the most senior level. This involvement stepped up a gear in March 1963, however, when Britain began covertly supplying weapons to the royalist forces themselves via their Gulf allies.
What Britain wanted, Prime Minister Harold Macmillian said, was "a weak government in Yemen not able to make trouble”
The following month, says MI6 biographer Stephen Dorrill, millions of pounds worth of light weapons were shipped from an RAF station in Wiltshire to the insurgents, including 50,000 rifles. At the same time, a decision was taken by Britain's foreign minister (shortly to become prime minister) Alec Douglas-Home, MI6 chief Dick White and SAS founder David Stirling to send a British force to work directly with the insurgents. But to avoid parliamentary scrutiny and public accountability, this force would be comprised of mercenaries, rather than serving soldiers.
SAS soldiers and paratroopers were given temporary leave to join this new force on a then handsome salary of £10,000 per year, paid for by the Saudi Prince Sultan. The same time as these decisions were taken, Douglas-Home told parliament that “our policy in Yemen is one of non-intervention in the affairs of that country. It is not therefore our policy to supply arms to the royalists in the Yemen”.
British officials also knew that their insurgency had no chance of winning. But this was not the point, for as Prime Minister Harold Macmillan told US President John Kennedy at the time: "I quite realise that the loyalists will probably not win in Yemen in the end but it would not suit us too badly if the new Yemeni regime were occupied with their own internal affairs during the next few years". What Britain wanted, they added, was "a weak government in Yemen not able to make trouble”.
Labour came to power in the autumn of 1964, but the policy stayed the same; indeed, direct (but covert) RAF bombing of Yemen began soon after. In addition, another private British military company Airwork Services, signed a $26 million contract to provide personnel for training Saudi pilots and ground crew involved in the war.
Secret bombing
This agreement later evolved into British pilots actually carrying out bombing missions themselves, with a foreign office memo dated March 1967 noting that “we have raised no objection to their being employed in operations, though we made it clear to the Saudis that we could not publicly acquiesce in any such arrangements”. By the time the war ended – with its inevitable Republican victory – an estimated 200,000 people had been killed.
Nor was this the first time Britain had aided and abetted a Saudi war against the Yemenis. In 1934, Ibn Saud invaded and annexed Asir - “a Yemeni province by all historical accounts” in the words of the academic and Yemen specialist Elham Manea – and forced Yemen to sign a treaty deferring their claims to the territory for 20 years. It has never been returned to Yemen and remains occupied by the Saudis to this day.
Britain's role in facilitating this carve-up was significant.As Manea explains: “During this period, the real power was Great Britain. Its role was crucial in either exacerbating or containing regional conflicts… [and] in the Yemeni-Saudi war they intensified the conflict to the detriment of Yemen.”
When Ibn Saud claimed sovereignty over Asir in 1930, the British, who had been neutral towards disputes between the peninsula's various rulers hitherto, “shifted their position, perceiving Asir as ‘part of Saudi Arabia'... This was a terrible setback for [Yemeni leader] Yihia and drove them into an agreement with the British in 1934 which ultimately sealed their total defeat.”
A resistance sniper in Taiz surveys the landscape close to the city in January 2017 (AFP)
The agreement forced Yihia to recognise British sovereignty of Aden – Yemen's major port - for 40 years. Britain then provided military vehicles for the Saudi suppression of the Asiri revolt and subsequent occupation that followed.
The third war
So the current British-Saudi war against Yemen is in fact the third in a century. But why is Britain so seemingly determined to see the country dismembered and its development sabotaged?
Strange as it may seem, the answer is that Britain is scared of Yemen, the sole country on the Arab peninsula with the potential power to challenge the colonial stitch-up reached between London and the Gulf monarchies it placed in power in the 19th century, and who continue to rule to this day.
A peaceful, united Yemen would threaten Saudi-British-US hegemony of the entire region
As Palestinian author Said Aburish has noted, the “nature of the Yemen was a challenge to the Saudis: It was a populous country with more than half the population of the whole Arabian peninsula, had a solid urban history and was more advanced than its new neighbour. It also represented a thorn in the side of British colonialism, a possible springboard for action against their control of Saudi Arabia and all the makeshift tributary sheikhdoms and emirates of the Gulf. In particular, the Yemen represented a threat to the British colonisation of Aden, a territory which considered itself part of a greater Yemen which had been dismembered by colonialism."
The potential power of a united, peaceful, Yemen was also highlighted by Kennedy Trevaskis, Aden's High Commissioner in 1963-4, who noted that, if the Yemenis took Aden, "it would for the first time provide the Yemen with a large modern town and a port of international consequence" and "economically, it would offer the greatest advantages to so poor and ill developed a country".
A peaceful, united Yemen would threaten Saudi-British-US hegemony of the entire region. That is why Britain has, for more than 80 years, sought to keep it divided and warring.
Dan Glazebrook is a political writer specialising in Western foreign policy.  They are authored of Divide and Ruin: The West's Imperial Strategy in an Age of Crisis.  They are currently crowdfunding to finance their second book.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Eye.
Image: Smoke billows behind a building following a reported air strike by the Saudi-led coalition in the Yemeni capital Sanaa on 22 January, 2017. (AFP)
Wednesday's statement by Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that Iran has 3,000 working uranium-enriching centrifuges could trigger an Israeli military strike on Iran's nuclear facilities, military sources were quoted by the London Times as saying.
Iranian student rally in Tehran (Photo: AFP)
The American military sources were cited by the Times on Thursday as saying that 3,000 centrifuges would be a "tipping point” leading Israel to act. Despite stern US warnings in recent weeks, the Times report said, the Pentagon is reluctant to strike Iran at this point, but Israel is a “different matter,” according to the American sources.
“Israel could do something when they get to around 3,000 working centrifuges. The Pentagon is minded to wait a little longer,” the Times quoted one American official as saying, adding that the statement was made before Ahmadinejad's statement on Wednesday.
On Wednesday evening, Defense Minister Ehud Barak said: "We cannot take any option off the table and we need to study operational aspects." The defense minister also called for increased economic and diplomatic steps to be taken.
On Wednesday, the Iranian president declared: " We have now reached 3,000 machines." They were speaking before a crowd of thousands of
Ahmadinejad has in the past claimed Iran succeeded in installing the 3,000 centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility at Natanz. Wednesday's claim was their first official statement that the plant is now fully operating the 3,000 centrifuges.
Centrifuges are used in enriching uranium, a process that can produce either fuel for a nuclear reactor or material for a warhead.
Earlier this week, Yossi Baidatz, head of research at Military Intelligence, said Iran's current regime is not in danger of collapsing and may go nuclear by the end of 2009.
BREAKING: Minutes ago, the FCC -- led by Obama appointee Julius Genachowski -- sold out Net Neutrality and the future of free speech online. The rules -- written by Comcast and AT&T, the companies the FCC is supposed to regulate -- broke Obama's campaign promise1 and allow corporate censorship.
Read the 3 reasons why -- then share with friends by filling out the form on the right.
1: Corporate censorship is allowed on your phone
The rules passed today by Obama FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski absurdly create different corporate censorship rules for wired and wireless Internet, allowing big corporations like Comcast to block websites they don't like on your phone -- a clear failure to fulfill Net Neutrality and put you, the consumer, in control of what you can and can't do online.2
2: Online tollbooths are allowed, destroying innovation
The rules passed today would allow big Internet Service Providers like Verizon and Comcast to charge for access to the "fast lane." Big companies that could afford to pay these fees like Google or Amazon would get their websites delivered to consumers quickly, while independent newspapers, bloggers, innovators, and small businesses would see their sites languish in the slow lane, destroying a level playing field for competition online and clearly violating Net Neutrality.3
3: The rules allow corporations to create "public" and "private" Internets, destroying the one Internet as we know it
For the first time, these rules would embrace a "public Internet" for regular people vs. a "private Internet" with all the new innovations for corporations who pay more -- ending the Internet as we know it and creating tiers of free speech and innovation, accessible only if you have pockets deep enough to pay off the corporations.4
The FCC could have reclassified and regulated these greedy corporations in an enforceable way, but instead, they sold out. This isn't Net Neutrality, this is a historic mistake.
Sign on the right to hold President Obama accountable to their promise -- and then share with your friends!
Sources:
1: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/08/13/net-neutrality-obama-see_n_681695.html
2, 3, 4: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/craig-aaron/the-fccs-guide-to-losing_b_795061.html
The Swedish web host PeRiQuito AB, PRQ, is one of the most controversial web hosts on the planet, valuing free speech so highly that it serves up web content for Pirate Bay, WikiLeaks and even sites like Pedophile.se. Yesterday, though, Swedish police paid a visit.
Forbes reports that Stockholm police raided the company yesterday. The process brought about technical issues for PQR, which shut down its own website and a swathe of torrent sites like Pirate Bay, but the police also seized a number of servers.
It's currently not clear which servers were taken. There're certainly plenty to choose from: among PQR's 2,000-or-so customers are WikiLeaks, the North America Man-Boy Love Association, Pedophile.se, the Chechen rebel site Kavkaz Central, and the defamation-accused Italian blog known as Perugia Shock.
PQR was founded by Pirate Bay members back in 2004, and has been raided by police twice before: in 2006 to gain evidence about Pirate Bay and 2010 during a more general file sharing investigation. The nature of the PQR business — a no-questions-asked set-up where clients often remain anonymous — means that even it doesn't know why the raid happened yet. [Nyheter24 via Forbes]
Here's an overview of notable crimes that were reported since our last Castro crime roundup.
All reports are listed in chronological order and come from the SFPD's daily crime recaps, unless otherwise noted.
Dolores Park Robber Sprays Victim With Mystery Substance
On May 15 at 8:30pm, a 48-year-old man was sitting on a bench while talking on their phone at Dolores Park near 19th Street when a man in their twenties approached and sprayed the victim with an unknown liquid. The assailant then stole the victim's phone before fleeing on foot.
No arrest was made, and the victim was uninjured.
Muni Assault Sends Man To Hospital
At 9:52pm on May 14, a 30-year-old man was on a Muni vehicle near Church and Market when another man, 45, boarded the coach and started an altercation.
The older man then assaulted and injured the victim before fleeing the vehicle in an unknown direction. No arrest was made, and the victim was transported to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Corona Heights Hot Prowl Bicycle Thief
On May 16 at 4:06am, a 47-year-old man was sleeping in their home on 17th near Ord Street when a woman in their forties entered the space through a front gate and front door. They then stole a bicycle and fled. While no arrest was made, the suspect was recorded via security camera.
Dolores Park Man Beaten, Stabbed By Five Suspects
At 5:23pm in Dolores Park on May 17, a man, 23, was attacked and stabbed by five male suspects in their late teens or early twenties. The victim was transported to the hospital with life-threatening injuries, and no arrests were made.
Cumberland Hot Prowl
Early in the morning on May 18, a 19-year-old man awoke to a sound at 5am. Upon waking up again later at 7am, they discovered that multiple items, including a bicycle, laptops, and a backpack, were missing from their apartment on Cumberland near Church and Dolores Park. No suspect has been identified or arrested.
Three Robbed In Sanchez St. Armed Home Invasion
At 6:20am on May 21, three male suspects entered a residence near 18th and Sanchez, kicking in doors, brandishing a handgun, and demanding property from four male victims, 30-57.
The victims complied and the suspects fled with a phone and additional items. No arrests were made, and the victims suffered non-life threatening injuries.
Store Robbery Leads To Injury, Arrest
Later on May 21 at 5:26pm, a 53-year-old man entered a store near Market and Dolores, and began placing items in a bag. Two men (aged 33 and 35) who work at the store witnessed the older man leave the store without paying.
One of the younger men, a security guard, attempted to detain the suspect, who hit both men with their shoulder and elbow, causing non-life threatening injuries. The suspect was then arrested by police.
Did we miss any notable crimes around the neighborhood? Send us a tip here or add a comment below. Or text Hoodline at (415) 200-3233 if you see an incident, and we'll see what we can find out.
Thanks for visiting ESL-Kids.com. You can find FREE flashcards, worksheets, games and songs for your ESL students right here. I've recently revamped the site and hope to add more resources soon so it's a good idea to bookmark it and check back often. - Nick
A huge collection of printable ESL flashcards are available for you to use in your classes. The flashcards are organized into over 30 categories to help you find what you're looking for. For example, there are cards for the alphabet, animals, classroom, fruit, sports and Christmas. And of course, they are all free!
You can make your own worksheets using ESL-Kids.com's unique worksheet and activities generator. Create thousands of worksheets using words and pictures from themes such as shapes, weather, family and Halloween.
The "In Class" section gives an introduction to teaching ESL to children. Follow a lesson featuring four very different kindergarten-aged kids. Discover different learning styles and how to deal with problem children!
Use this huge list of ESL games and activities to get TPR ideas, alphabet games, vocabulary games, sentence building activities, conversation games and much more for small or large classes, for kids of all ages. There are eight pages full of games, all listed in alphabetical order. Why not print them off and post them on your classroom wall?
After being banned from sites like Twitter, Facebook, GoFundMe and YouTube, alt-righters quested to create their own version of the Internet — but their “alt-tech” sites might not be a great as they'd hoped.
As The New York Times‘ Kevin Roose reports, even the alt-right's flagship sites, like Gab (their Pepe-themed social network modeled after Twitter) and Hatreon have “long load times, broken links and frequent error messages.”
Gab was billed as an alt-tech success after raising $1 million via crowdfunding and subsequent claims of 300,000 active users (including Milo Yiannopoulos and The Daily Stormer's Andrew Anglin), but as Roose discovered, the site is now “buggy and confusing. It appears to have fallen the way of Ello, the short-lived social network that debuted in 2014 to ample fanfare but died shortly thereafter, with only a small core of dedicated users making up its' activity.
“I'm a creature of habit, and fell out of habit of posting there,” Pizzagate provocateur Mike Cernovich told Roose.
Hatreon, too, burst onto the scene as the alt-right's response to GoFundMe after the popular crowdfunding site kicked users off en masse for being bigots. Despite boasting campaigns for figures like Richard Spencer (who advertises their on their newly-unverified Twitter profile), Hatreon currently is not accepting pledges because, as company founder Cody Wilson told Roose, a major credit card company “kicked Hatreon off its network last month, preventing many users from funding projects on the site and all but killing the company's prospects for growth.”
Wilson also told Roose that they don't identify as alt-right, and that building ideology-based alternatives to such giants as Facebook and Twitter might be a fool's errand.
“I don't understand how any of them plan to be profitable,” the Hatreon developer said.
There are countless such alt-tech sites, many of whom haven't received even a fraction of the buzz Hatreon or Gab have.
“There is WrongThink (alt-Facebook), PewTube (alt-YouTube), Voat (alt-Reddit), Infogalactic (alt-Wikipedia) and GoyFundMe (alt-Kickstarter),” Roose notes. “There is even WASP.love, a dating site for white nationalists and others ‘wishing to preserve their heritage.'”
The writer acknowledges that it may be too soon in the Trump-fueled alt-right network craze, and that many of their proponents “are hopeful that a coming ‘purge' on Twitter — their phrase for a change in the site's hate speech policies, which Twitter plans to enforce beginning next week — will send scores of disgruntled users scurrying to alt-tech platforms.”
Shortly after Roose's unflattering feature was published in the Times, Gab took to Twitter, a social network they were built in part to offer a “censorship-free” escape from, to insult Roose.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is to hold an emergency government meeting at midday London time to discuss the failure of the latest round of discussions with its creditors to help stop the country tumbling into bankruptcy.Talks between Greece and its creditors over the weekend yet again failed to resolve the impasse over reforms, with European officials blaming Greece for failing to offer concessions in return for a final tranche of desperately-needed financial aid. Standard Pacific (SPF) and Ryland Group Inc (RYL) said they would merge to become the fourth-largest homebuilder in the United States. The merged company would have a market capitalization of about $5.2 billion and an enterprise value of about $8.2 billion and would own or control about 74,000 homesites, the companies said in a statement on Sunday. United Technologies (UTX) said on Monday it plans to sell or spin off helicopter maker Sikorsky Aircraft by the end of the third quarter this year after a strategic review of the business. The unit, best known as the maker of Black Hawk helicopters, is one of the largest suppliers in the sector, with $7.5 billion in sales in 2014. It is the main supplier of helicopters to the U.S. Defense Department.
A fight broke out when a Boris supporter waded in among the protesters (Picture: Rex)
Ugly clashes broke out near Boris Johnson's North London home involving supporters of the new Foreign Secretary, anarchists and police.
About 100 masked protesters descended on the Conservative minister's £2.3 million home where they fought police and other protesters.
Video footage shows a brawl involving a man who appears to support Mr Johnson and members of the group, while other clips show chanting and smoke bombs being set off.
Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, one person involved in the protest said the MP behind Brexit, who was not at home, would ‘probably be killed' if they returned to the property at that time.
At one point, the angry group unveiled a banner featuring Mr Johnson's face and the rope and blade of a guillotine.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Class War was initially behind the protest (Picture: Rex)
Anarchists wore masks or had their hoods up during the tense encounter (Picture: Rex)
The protest was organised by the group Class War, who had called for support on their website.
Boris Johnson accepts the role of Foreign Secretary under the new Theresa May government. Boris, our senior diplomat, the man who stole our future. Now we really are all f****d. Do we just grin and bear it, or do we grin and fight back?
Several officers formed a cordon outside the former Mayor of London's front door during the confrontation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE: Boris Johnson says ‘Brexit doesn't mean leaving Europe'
In total, three people were arrested for violent offences.
There was a heavy police presence during the demonstration (Picture: Rex)
It turns out NBC might not have been joking about holding back Community to better promote it. Merely a day after news broke of the show's sudden hibernation, NBC dispatched new showrunners Moses Port and David Guarascio to several media outlets like the two horseman of the PR crisis aversion apocalypse.
Port and Guarascio spoke at great length with Vulture, TV Guide and of course, Papa Bear Sepinwall at Hitfix about the direction they'll be taking the show. It's probably the most illuminating information we've received yet about the two new showrunners, their vision for Community an their relationship with Dan Harmon. Every interview is definitely worth a peak but here are the highlights.
On their communication with Harmon:
Guarascio: We e-mailed back and forth. That was us saying, “You've created an amazing show, and hope we do right by it.” They were very gracious and said, “I'm rooting for you, best of luck.” There were never any hard feelings between us and him. At the same time, the easiest thing for them is to step away from the blackjack table and let someone else play the hand now. They were either going to be all in or all out, which made total sense. But that's as much as the communication has been.
On their direction for the show:
Guarascio: We're staying true to where show ended at the end of last year, with the emotional arcs for the characters, and we're picking up there. It's a year of change. College is like a biodome, where the rest of the world falls away, and when you get to your last year, you realize this doesn't last forever. And also, in a meta sort of way, the show has always done a good job of acknowledging how it exists in the outside world, there's been a big change behind the scenes. So that gets reflected in how we approach the first episode. Article Continues Below Port: I don't think we came in here being like, ‘We need to put our stamp on it.' When we came in, we made the conscious decision that we're going to check our ego at the door. We love this show and want to do what's best for the show. That meant coming in and doing a lot of catches up about how things were done. We weren't coming in and saying, ‘This is a new show right now.' We had long discussions with the writers who had been here before us about the way they write stories, the way they held stories, and we wanted to continue in that tradition.
On their favorite episodes of Community:
Port: Obviously, that paintball episode was the first thing. I remember seeing Troy's 21st birthday and the pen episode, and just being struck by how many different ways you can do the show and it can still feel like a “Community” episode. Guarascio: I often refer to the Dungeons and Dragons episode. There are so many distinct aspects to the show, and you're always able to find this unexpected drama and deep complicated stories and character arcs within the vein of this comedy that can be larger than life. That episode hit some of those dramatic points really beautifully, and felt like a hallmark of the show, as a fan.
For a show that NBC supposedly isn't all that crazy about, they sure do end up putting a lot of energy into creating headlines for it. First the season 3 hiatus, then the move to Fridays, followed by Harmon's firing, then most recently the doubling back from the move to Fridays and now they've sent the new showrunners on a mini media tour as a clear preemptive strike against the potential backlash of its most recent decision.
Port and Guarascio both seem to have had little warning that their interviews would eventually be damage control, but they manage to say all the right things anyway. It really sounds like they're going to stay true to Harmon's vision of the show, which at the end of the day may be the most meta trick Community could have ever pulled.
City links: A Dutch city trials extra payments for citizens on welfare, New York and Paris mix up their architecture and we look back at the evolution of London in this week's best city stories from around the web
Our favourite city stories this week include news that Utrecht is planning an experiment to introduce basic income payments for citizens, a gallery of images of London street life spanning the 20th century and a map showing the crazy imbalance of US property values. We'd love to hear your responses to these stories, and any others you've read recently, both on Guardian Cities and elsewhere. Just share your thoughts in the comments below.
Stipend city
Between 1974 and 1979, the Canadian town of Dauphin carried out an experiment that involved giving stipends to the entire population, relative to income. This basic income programme – unconditional, regular payments to cover basic living costs – succeeded in reducing poverty, improving health and alleviating several other urban problems.
Now, as Quartz report, the Dutch city of Utrecht is planning to trial their own “basic income” programme – though limiting it to existing welfare recipients. Some believe the lack of universal rollout will hinder the possibility of making life better for the working poor. Others think the payments will discourage citizens from looking for jobs. But the government believes the programme, which will start in January 2016, could help make people happier.
London street life
Through their black-and-white photographs, Colin O'Brien has charted the evolution of postwar London. To celebrate a new book and exhibition of their work, i-D interviews the photographer alongside a gallery of their captivating images of the city's street life, spanning almost 70 years.
“London today is much busier than it was when I was growing up,” O'Brien says. “There were fewer people and fewer cars. The city was drab and the buildings and monuments dirty with the grime of war.” They also share thoughts on the regeneration taking place in the capital, and its impact on heritage and communities:
I think it is very sad when the old has to make way for the new. Obviously there has to be change, but to knock down buildings that have stood the test of time and in some cases destroy whole neighbourhoods in order to build glass boxes used for office space ... is not a good way of improving our environment. Mostly these developments are a short term fix that enable speculators to get rich whatever damage they do to local communities.
Property bubbles
Even though it makes up 8/1,000ths of 1% of the land area of the US, New York City accounts for 5% of the country's housing value. As CityLab shares, Max Galka of Metrocosm has created a cartogram showing exactly how skewed that balance of housing value is across the country.
US counties by land area v property value. Gif: Max Galka/Metrocosm
Driving change
What if we swapped all the taxis on our roads with driverless, electric cars? Emissions would be cut by 94%, according to Fast Co Exist. More efficient and environmentally friendly it may be – but it takes another step away from our opportunities for human interaction.
Selling the dream
We've written about them before: the ridiculous development hoardings that promise prospective buyers a magical life they've always dreamed of. Luca Picardi's blog, What Developers Say, documents the messages given to us by the property development PR machine, from “we create outstanding experiences that make a positive difference to people's lives” to “people work here every weekday – from brilliant barristers to busy baristas”. Crystal Bennes' Development Aesthetics blog is worth checking out, too, for a look through the (sometimes farcical) advertising hoardings.
Haussmanhattan
A little bit of fun to end on: as French website fubiz reports, architect and photographer Luis Fernandes has taken old photographs of Paris and New York and blended them to create unusual and beautiful architectural landscapes. It's worth a look.
Now it should look so:
Add .DS_Store to .gitignore, because github don't add it by default.
First what we need is to create new repository on the Github of course. Generate repo with the README file, choose needed licence and add gitignore file. Don't forget about new github's feature - topics, after project creating:
Now we need to change our header file. Open HelloOpenSource iOS.h and remove “iOS” prefix everywhere.
Next we need to save the same folder structure only in the Xcode project. Remove all folders in project except Products and drag the Sources-Tests folders to the project. Don't choose any of targets in the appeared popup dialog.
In our case all plists are the same, thus we remove them and leave the one only. You can leave all plists if you have some special configuration for each target. In this case don't forget to add to each plist file special prefix - iOS, tvOS… It's not necessary, but it's a good practice.
Want to note, that we've created HelloOpenSource subfolder - it's our main target. A bit later we will create another one - executable target.
As you can see, we have many headers and plists for each target. Copy files from “HelloOpenSource iOS” and paste them in the Sources/HelloOpenSource/Supporting Files/ folder. Next remove all folders for each platform. You should get the following:
Since we want to support SPM, we need to create Sources and Tests folders in root directory of the project.
Add prefix for each of the platforms (iOS, watchOS, macOS, tvOS). Also don't include Unit Tests, we will do that later manually. After this manipulation you should see the following:
Then we need to create targets for all platforms: iOS, tvOS, macOS, watchOS. Press the “+” button under the TARGETS list at the bottom of IDE.
Don't forget about Public in “Target Membership” for all platforms. Then let's update “Build Settings” for each target:
Build Settings > Product Name > Remove the appended prefix.
All platforms will have an identical name, so they are packaged as one product.
Since we changed our plists location, we need to change the paths to them.
Build Settings > Packaking (Info.plist File) > Change the path to “Sources/HelloOpenSource/Supporting Files/Info.plist”.
I recommend to set “Require Only App-Extension-Safe API” to “Yes”. This will allow your framework to be used in extensions like the Today Widget.
Now we have four targets and I don't like to build their separately to see any warnings / errors. For this purpose we will add general scheme, that builds all targets at once.
Click “New Scheme” > Set target to “None” and input the name > “Ok”.
Press the “+” button on the bottom and choose all platforms.
Now you can build this scheme and see all warnings / errors for all platforms right away!
Let's add some code! Create a new file - Greeting.swift and choose all platforms. I want to point out, that it's important to specify correct access level! Since we want to use this code outside our library, we need to add public or open access level. Differences between them is that public you can inherit within module only unlike open. In our case public - is enough.
Tests time!
For SPM we need to create Tests folder, what we already did. Also have to add test target - HelloOpenSourceTests as subfolder.
Then let's add test targets within Xcode for all platforms. As you may notice, there is no watchOS test target, so you can't test this by standard way. But you can use PivotalCoreKit for it - Watch Apps: How Do We Test Them? If you know better way, please, let me know. Ok, add iOS, tvOS and macOS test targets only.
As I mentioned early about usual targets, you also have to do the same things with the test targets. Finally you should get the following:
After that set correct plist paths for each test target.
Tests/HelloOpenSourceTests/Info.plist
Add MainTests.swift file with simple test cases. Paying attention on “Target Membership”.
If you look into all schemes list, you will see here a few useless schemes (tests schemes) IMO. It's time to delete them!
Click “Manage Schemes” and uncheck all test targets. Great, we cleaned up here, but how to run test targets now?
Choose “iOS” scheme > Click “Edit Scheme” > Add test iOS target to “Test” menu item. Now you can run tests by “Command+U”.
Repeat this for all schemes.
In order to run tests on linux, we have to add LinuxMain.swift file.
LinuxMain.swift doesn't have any target references. So, after that we have to have the following situation:
Let's go create iOS example for checking that our library works correctly.
Create “Example” folder in the root directory > Create “Single View Application” here.
Now it's time to create the HelloOpenSource.workspace. When you create it, drag'n drop HelloOpenSource.xcodeproj and HelloOpenSourceExample-iOS.xcodeproj files into the workspace within Xcode.
Then add HelloOpenSource.framework in “Linked Frameworks and Libraries” within Example project.
Whoooh, this works! My Congratulations! :)
In this tutorial we've written example only for iOS target, but you can create a big workspace with many examples. Do it!
Dependencies.
After that, when library is ready, we need to create comfortable ways of installing this one.
Carthage
For carthage all what we need is to mark our main schemes as shared (iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS). You can mark all schemes as shared, after that they all will be visible in the project, otherwise this schemes leave are local only - xcuserdata.
Swift Package Manager
As I said earlier that we will create another target later. So, it's an executable target which just says hello to our platform ;)
By convention, a package containing a file named main.swift in its root directory produces an executable.
Also need to create Package.swift file.
Let's check it. First, we build our library by special command: swift build. Then we can run tests by swift test.
What about our executable target? Awesome!
Cocoapods
Add .HelloOpenSource.podspec file to the root directory. I won't explain all these .podspec items, I hope everything is understood. For more details check Podspec Syntax Reference.
Also need to add .swift-version file for correct working with Swift 3.
3.0 - content of this file
Next, we need to validate our library. Run pod lib lint. If everything is okay, you should see the following:
There is a similar command - pod spec lint. It validates remote pod, not local. When previous steps are completed, create release tag, which associated with our spec version and push to remote. It's time to publish our library! For this purpose we will use CocoaPods Trunk.
CocoaPods Trunk is an authentication and CocoaPods API service. To publish new or updated libraries to CocoaPods for public release you will need to be registered with Trunk and have a valid Trunk session on your current device.
So, we need to register a session:
$ pod trunk register gnod94@gmail.com 'Nikita Ermolenko' --description='Mac mini'
and final step…
pod trunk push [NAME.podspec] 🚀
Travis.
It's a hosted, distributed continuous integration service used to build and test software projects hosted at GitHub. It's free for public repositories.
It looks good, when someone wants to contribute to your project, but forgot to change existing tests, for example. In this case travis immediately warning us about it.
You can watch the following, if tests pass… something like this:
Configure it! Go to travis-ci.org and sign in with Github. After that, click on avatar and you should see a list of all your public repos. Turn on the needed repo:
Now we have to configure .travis.yml file. It will be a simple configuration file - just check that tests pass. But you can create notification that notifies you when everything is okay, also can write validation of .podspec file that it's configured right and so many other cool things, but it's another article already ;)
Step by step:
Suspension. Clipless pedals. Gore Tex. Once in a while you buy something that turns out to revolutionise your cycling. We all have a small list of items, each of which – whether it helps you go faster, go further, stay more comfortable, or ride when and where you previously couldn't – marks an epiphany in some way.
And when it comes to road riding or commuting, dyno lighting is at the top of my list.
Part one, in which I know why you think you don't want dyno lighting
I didn't, either. I liked battery lights. They were compact; they could be moved between bikes; they chucked out loads of light; they didn't weigh much or cause any drag… what's not to like?
Surely a dyno setup, on the other hand…
…is expensive? Depends on what you're comparing it to. A setup suited to fast rural riding at night will set you back about £150 or so, including a new wheel (examples below). That compares similarly or even favourably to most premium battery lights: the Exposure Strada, intended for similar use, is around £250. You can go cheaper, of course. A good bottle dynamo and front and rear commuter lights would set you back about £50.
…is heavy? Needn't be the case. An SP dynohub and an B&M Cyo light is about 150g heavier than a Shimano 105 hub and Exposure Strada light (for less cost). Yes, it's a bit more, but it's not much (and if you were to add a piggyback battery to increase runtime, that difference would reduce or even reverse).
…is draggy? Well, naturally, nothing comes for free. You'll lose a couple of watts of power with the lights off and half a dozen or so when they're on (there are some charts in the CTC's dyno feature). But I've never been able to discern any effect. Sure, don't go time trialling with a dyno. But unless you're bothered by the second hand on your watch, you won't notice.
…stops when you stop? Nearly all dyno lights have standlights, which keep the light on for five or six minutes (the front light usually dims when on the standlight, but is still plenty visible). So no need to worry about being stopped at even the slowest of traffic lights.
…isn't very bright? LEDs and dynamos are a match made in heaven, and it's a match that's getting better all the time as LEDs improve. Dyno lights do generally chuck out less light than the brightest battery lights, but here's the thing: because they nearly all adhere to the German StVZO lighting regulations, they put that light only where it's needed. Instead of simply vomiting photons in a cone shape, they use carefully shaped reflectors to place them on the road ahead. They send more light into the distance than the nearfield, too, to give more balanced illumination once the light reaches your eye. They are in essence miniature car headlamps, whilst battery lights are generally little more than very expensive torches. Putting aside the complexities of comparing beams, the bottom line is that £40 will get you a dyno light that's plenty good enough to ride pretty much as fast as you like in the dead of night.
…can be easily stolen? The lights are bolted to the bike, so if you have to lock your bike up outside, the lights stay with it. A fair concern, but with commuter lights topping out at around £40 for both front and rear, and the black market for such lights being tiny, it seems an unlikely worry. A cable cutter and an allen key will let a thief take your bars and shifters in less time, and possibly your saddle and seatpost, too. Much easier to take, and to sell on, than some dyno lights.
…can't easily be moved between bikes? Well, ok, that's a fair cop, and one of the main reasons I was reluctant to move to a dyno. But if you've got the money for multiple bikes, the additional spend on the next dyno setup is just as rewarding as the first; I've ended up converting three bikes.
Part two, in which I evangelise about dyno lighting
OK, so hopefully there are fewer if any downsides to dyno lighting than you might think, but what's great about it?
Well, dyno lighting…
…never runs out. Keep riding. Ride as long as you want. You've got light. Dawn turns out to be overcast? Keep 'em on. Sudden downpour? Keep 'em on. Patch of mist in a valley? Keep 'em on. You're never caught short and you never need to be economical.
…never needs charging. Ever wanted to do a ride and realised your lights aren't charged? Forget it. Pick your bike up and go.
…doesn't dazzle drivers. Nearly all dyno lights conform to StVZO regulations, meaning they have a proper dipped beam like a car headlight (don't worry: as shown above, they're still highly visible to other road users). One of my main reasons for turning to dynos was to get away from being main-beamed by drivers on rural roads; something which became more than just an irritation for me, it was a real safety issue. I don't get main-beamed anymore.
…is always there. You know when you're in a car and you're sitting in traffic, and you see an eye-catching twinkle in your mirror? Maybe it's a cyclist with lights filtering, who you've now been alerted to. I ride past half a mile of stationary traffic every evening, and I'm confident that people notice me in mirrors better with a light than without. Also, ever driven in and out of tree coverage on a bright day and noticed the sun on the windscreen severely affecting visibility? I'll take whatever insurance I can against that, which is mainly a bright, always-on rear light. There are occasions when bright clothes are camouflage and there are occasions when reflective gear is of no use, but – barring you being perfectly eclipsed by the sun – lights work everywhere fabrics work plus everywhere they don't. What's more, my experience is that I seem to get fewer close passes, and far fewer people pulling out of side roads in front of me, when I've got lights on in any weather. Enough so that I just don't like ever being without lights now.
…isn't just for lighting! Once you've got a dyno, you can charge other kit. Some lights, like the B&M Luxos U have integrated USB output; or you can buy a separate device like Tout Terrain's Plug or the B&M e-Werk, to feed your dyno output to all manner of electronic kit.
…frees you. You don't need to remember your lights; they're on the bike. You don't need to remember to charge them. You don't need to worry about switching modes to save power. You don't need to think about what's the right level of ambient light to have them on or off. You don't have to think “I wish I had my lights” when you get caught in a downpour. You just ride a bike. Cycling is freedom, and the less faff there is the freer you are.
In short, you get all the benefits of having lights, all of the time, with none of the downsides and with none of the extra activity that goes into keeping them running.
Part three, in which I suggest some kit
These are just some ideas to get you started. I've habitually stuck to Shimano hubs and Busch & Müller lights as they're the sweet spots on the bang/buck curves, but shop around. I'd recommend browsing round Peter White's website for beam shots and all sorts of information on various lights. Note that most of these options are based on hub dynos, in which case you'd also need a rim (£20+) and spokes (£10+). The links are to Rose Bikes because – sorry, UK retailers – dyno kit is generally a lot cheaper in Germany, and Rose have good customer service.
The budget option (£44, no new wheel needed): Axa HR Traction bottle dynamo (£13), Axa Sprint front lamp (£16), B&M Secula Plus rear lamp (£13).
The commuter setup (£59): Shimano 3N31 hub (£25), B&M Lyt Senso Plus front lamp (£21), B&M Secula Plus rear lamp (£13).
The audax setup (£107): Shimano 3N80 hub (£50), B&M Cyo Premium T Senso Plus front lamp (£44), B&M Secula Plus rear lamp (£13).
The epic setup (£169): Shimano XT Disc hub (£59), B&M Luxos U front lamp (£97), B&M Secula Plus rear lamp (£13).
The off-road setup (£260+): Exposure Revo pack (£252) plus any old battery rear light.
So, assuming a wheelbuild of about £40 or so, that gives you a bunch of options from £50 to £200 in £50 steps, plus the unique Revo. Plenty of choice.
Part four, in which I apologise
No-one likes an evangelist. And dynamo users tend to be evangelists. But, really, there is a good reason. The joy of simply getting lighting nailed in one go, and never having to worry about it again, is quite something. The freedom of always having light is liberating, no matter whether you ride frequently or far, or both – or even if you're just forgetful when it comes to charging.
To infinity – and beyond!
Advertisements
 They are shown lying motionless in the street, ignored by bystanders and other drivers, who swerved to avoid their body but did nothing to help.
The one-minute clip from a surveillance video has been made public in the hope of catching the unidentified driver but also to highlight the lack of humanity in modern-day America.
“At the end of the day we've got to look at ourselves and understand that our moral values have now changed,” said Police Chief Daryl Roberts. “We have no regard for each other.”
Angel Arce Torres, 78, was crossing a busy street in the town of Hartford at 5.45 pm on May 30 after buying milk at a local shop. They were hit by a dark Honda driving on the wrong side of the road and was knocked to the ground.
The film shows nine cars driving past Mr Torres's prostrate body while several pedestrians stop and stare. One rider on a moped even circled them for a closer look before deciding to drive on.
Getty Images
The Broncos came back late in Sunday's game with the Dolphins and escaped with a 39-36 win, but there were still plenty of things to dislike about the team's performance.
One item on the list is kicker Brandon McManus's continued struggles. McManus pushed a 33-yard field goal attempt into the right upright with the Broncos trailing 21-17 in the third quarter. It's the fourth missed field goal of the year for McManus, who they acquired in a trade with the Giants before the start of the season and decided to keep when they released Matt Prater at the end of Prater's four-game suspension at the start of the year.
Another change may be on the horizon. Adam Schefter of ESPN reports that the Broncos are planning to work out kickers this week as they evaluate what to do at the position moving into the final weeks of the regular season.
Former Cardinal Jay Feely and longtime Bill Rian Lindell are two veterans who have worked out with teams this year without landing a job, although it's not known who might be on Denver's list.
Match report
Despite taking a 3-1 lead into the first period intermission, the Genting Casino Coventry Blaze suffered a 3-6 defeat to Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils at the Skydome Arena.
Cardiff opened the first period scoring through Patrick Asselin, a back-door tap-in at 2.06 but Blaze fought back with three unanswered goals.
Captain Jordan Pietrus first with their 9th of the season at 4.59 on what was a perfect powerplay for the Blaze on the night (2/2).
Player/assistant coach Ashley Tait then made it 2-1, the second with the man advantage. American forward Barry Almeida registering assists on both opening goals to mark their home debut.
Blaze Man of the Match, David Clements then registered their first goal for the club at 10.57, a second assist on the night for Brett Robinson to end the opening period 3-1.
The second period began with a penalty shot to the visitors, Andrew Hotham missing the net at 21.45.
Chris Culligan though found the net at 30.26 for the Welsh side before Joey Haddad tied things at 3 (37.53) as the middle period came to its conclusion.
The Welsh side took the lead at 41.46, an inch-perfect stretch pass from Gleason Fournier finding Gui Doucet who beat Brian Stewart for 3-4.
Culligan added a personal second at 52.16 for 3-5 before Devils' player/coach Andrew Lord ended the game 3-6 at 59.08.
Head Coach Danny Stewart said, "We played 30 minutes of fantastic hockey, and as far as I'm concerned a couple of missed calls, but that happens it's part of the game. We're still in a good position going into the third, we have just got to win a period at home and an error on our part defensively, and the guy sneaks in behind us and that's the go-ahead goal, then we get caught a little bit pushing. Their 5th goal came right off our guys stick and I believe their 3rd goal was off Bouts' skate too. It's one of their stretches where it seems when things aren't going great you don't get the luck either, but you've got to work hard and hope that the luck turns over and goes your way."
#HC Danny Stewart
Video Playback Not Supported
#16 Jordan Pietrus
Video Playback Not Supported
#56 Kevin Noble
Video Playback Not Supported
Highlights
Currency and the Collapse of the Roman Empire
The Money Project is an ongoing collaboration between Visual Capitalist and Texas Precious Metals that seeks to use intuitive visualizations to explore the origins, nature, and use of money.
At its peak, the Roman Empire held up to 130 million people over a span of 1.5 million square miles.
Rome had conquered much of the known world. The Empire built 50,000 miles of roads, as well as many aqueducts, amphitheatres, and other works that are still in use today.
Our alphabet, calendar, languages, literature, and architecture borrow much from the Romans. Even concepts of Roman justice still stand tall, such as being "innocent until proven guilty".
How could such a powerful empire collapse?
The Roman Economy
Trade was vital to Rome. It was trade that allowed a wide variety of goods to be imported into its borders: beef, corn, glassware, iron, lead, leather, marble, olive oil, perfumes, purple dye, silk, silver, spices, timber, tin and wine.
Trade generated vast wealth for the citizens of Rome. However, the city of Rome itself had only 1 million people, and costs kept rising as the empire became larger.
Administrative, logistical, and military costs kept adding up, and the Empire found creative new ways to pay for things.
Along with other factors, this led to hyperinflation, a fractured economy, localization of trade, heavy taxes, and a financial crisis that crippled Rome.
Roman Debasement
The major silver coin used during the first 220 years of the empire was the denarius.
This coin, between the size of a modern nickel and dime, was worth approximately a day's wages for a skilled laborer or craftsman. During the first days of the Empire, these coins were of high purity, holding about 4.5 grams of pure silver.
However, with a finite supply of silver and gold entering the empire, Roman spending was limited by the amount of denarii that could be minted.
This made financing the pet-projects of emperors challenging. How was the newest war, thermae, palace, or circus to be paid for?
Roman officials found a way to work around this. By decreasing the purity of their coinage, they were able to make more "silver" coins with the same face value. With more coins in circulation, the government could spend more. And so, the content of silver dropped over the years.
By the time of Marcus Aurelius, the denarius was only about 75% silver. Caracalla tried a different method of debasement. They introduced the "double denarius", which was worth 2x the denarius in face value. However, it had only the weight of 1.5 denarii. By the time of Gallienus, the coins had barely 5% silver. Each coin was a bronze core with a thin coating of silver. The shine quickly wore off to reveal the poor quality underneath.
Shutterstock / S.Borisov
The Consequences
The real effects of debasement took time to materialize.
Adding more coins of poorer quality into circulation did not help increase prosperity - it just transferred wealth away from the people, and it meant that more coins were needed to pay for goods and services.
At times, there was runaway inflation in the empire. For example, soldiers demanded far higher wages as the quality of coins diminished.
"Nobody should have any money but I, so that I may bestow it upon the soldiers." - Caracalla, who raised soldiers pay by 50% near 210 AD.
By 265 AD, when there was only 0.5% silver left in a denarius, prices skyrocketed 1,000% across the Roman Empire. Only barbarian mercenaries were to be paid in gold.
The Effects
With soaring logistical and admin costs and no precious metals left to plunder from enemies, the Romans levied more and more taxes against the people to sustain the Empire.
Hyperinflation, soaring taxes, and worthless money created a trifecta that dissolved much of Rome's trade. The economy was paralyzed.
By the end of the 3rd century, any trade that was left was mostly local, using inefficient barter methods instead of any meaningful medium of exchange.
The Collapse
During the crisis of the 3rd century (235-284 A.D), there may have been more than 50 emperors. Most of these were murdered, assassinated, or killed in battle.
The empire was in a free-for-all, and it split into three separate states.
Constant civil wars meant the Empire's borders were vulnerable. Trade networks were disintegrated and such activities became too dangerous.
Barbarian invasions came in from every direction. Plague was rampant.
And so the Western Roman Empire would cease to exist by 476 A.D.
About the Money Project
The Money Project aims to use intuitive visualizations to explore ideas around the very concept of money itself. Founded in 2015 by Visual Capitalist and Texas Precious Metals, the Money Project will look at the evolving nature of money, and will try to answer the difficult questions that prevent us from truly understanding the role that money plays in finance, investments, and accumulating wealth.
Greene Sterling writes: "A few days after the 'Toughest Sheriff in America' oversaw their 60th Latino-harassing raid in the Phoenix area, the Obama administration's top civil-rights lawyer flew to Phoenix and slapped Sheriff Joe Arpaio and their office with a monumental civil-rights tort alleging rampant constitutional abuses."
Inmates walk alongside Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio in Phoenix. (photo: Time)
Joe Arpaio Faces a New Sheriff in Town
By Terry Greene Sterling, The Daily Beast
few days after the "Toughest Sheriff in America" oversaw their 60th Latino-harassing raid in the Phoenix area, the Obama administration's top civil-rights lawyer flew to Phoenix and slapped Sheriff Joe Arpaio and their office with a monumental civil-rights tort alleging rampant constitutional abuses, including widespread racial profiling of Latinos. The suit also claims the sheriff violated the civil rights of their critics by "illegal retaliation" that included baseless lawsuits and meritless administrative actions.
Now 79, Arpaio claims he's innocent and dismisses the lawsuit as politicking by the Obama administration in an election year.
"This isn't about politics," Thomas Perez, assistant attorney general for the civil-rights division of the Department of Justice, told The Daily Beast during an interview at the U.S. Attorney's Office in Phoenix. The lawsuit isn't about money, either, they said. It's about changing the culture in the sheriff's office, putting in place "systems that improve the department and make the community safer."
"This is about public safety," said Perez. "It's about the Constitution."
The most disturbing allegations made by Team Perez center on violence against Latina women.
In one case, the suit says, a five-months' pregnant American citizen was stopped as they pulled into their driveway. Officers ordered them to sit on the hood of their car. They refused. They slammed them into the car three times—fetus-side first. Next, they placed the woman in a patrol car without air conditioning for half an hour. They were released and cited with failure to provide identification. Later, the charge was changed to "failure to provide proof of insurance."
In another case, deputies trailed a U.S. citizen to their home, then knocked them to the ground, kneed them in the back and handcuffed them when they tried to run into their house, the suit alleges. They charged them with disturbing the peace. (A judge dismissed the charge.)
In the jails, some Latinos were placed in solitary confinement because they didn't speak English, the lawsuit says. On some streets, Latinos were nine times more likely to be stopped than non-Latinos. And sheriff's officials detained dozens of Latinos because "probable cause" included smelling of "strong body odor" or appearing nervous and avoiding eye contact, the lawsuit says.
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio at a news conference in Phoenix, Jan. 10, 2012 (Matt York / AP Photos)
The Department of Justice first began investigating Arpaio in 2008. In 2010, it sued the sheriff to get documents. In 2011, it accused the sheriff of engaging in rampant racial profiling and proffered a 128-page consent decree that would change the culture in the sheriff's office. But the sheriff balked at having a monitor, saying "I will not surrender my office to the federal government!" Five months later, the Justice Department filed the lawsuit. On the night before the suit was filed, Arpaio submitted a plan to bring their office up to civil-rights snuff, but still balked at the monitor idea. Perez said it was too little too late.
The son of politically persecuted Dominican immigrant parents who taught them "always to give back and make sure the ladder is down for everybody," Perez said they believe enforcing civil-rights law is a "solemn and sacred obligation."
A slender, bespectacled man who rarely smiles, Perez doesn't take the sheriff lightly and doesn't seem to get sidetracked by Arpaio publicity stunts, such as forcing inmates to wear pink underwear. Instead, Perez likes to say things like: "No one is above the law."
Many Latinos wonder why it took Perez so long to come to their aid. At a yogurt store across from the sheriff's office in Phoenix, 27-year-old banker Pete Aranda said it's "not good" when American citizens live with the possibility of getting "pulled over for being brown."
In a statement, Danny Ortega, the chairperson of the National Council of La Raza and a Phoenix lawyer, said: "The wheels of justice move slow ... our community has been waiting close to four years for today, with a lawsuit that's finally filed against Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Make no mistake, that our community has been under the cloud of fear for far too long. And this lawsuit in large part validates the fear that we have felt."
The DOJ civil-rights lawsuit, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Phoenix, also names Maricopa County as a co-defendant with the sheriff and the sheriff's office. The reason: the county gets funds from the feds and passes them on to the sheriff.
Perez told The Daily Beast they haven't ruled out filing a separate administrative action that seeks to halt federal funding to the county, and the sheriff, because federal money can't be distributed to organizations that violate the Constitution.
It's not a lot of money, compared to the overall budget. Last year, the feds gave the county about $155 million. Its total budget was about $2.2 billion. The county, in turn, funneled $5.3 million in federal funds to the sheriff's office, which operates on a $260 million budget, said Cari Gerchick, a spokesperson for the county.
The Maricopa County Board of Supervisors has been unwilling and unable to handle their contentious sheriff. But the sheriff is expensive—since they took office in 1993, he's cost the self-insured county $55.8 million in legal fees.
In part, that's because they can't fire him. He's an elected official. Absent expensive and politically suicidal court actions, the county board of supervisors has remained paralyzed.
"I'm glad the Department of Justice finally took off the gloves," former Maricopa County Attorney Rick Romley, a moderate Republican and Vietnam veteran who first clashed with Arpaio when they decided to investigate and prosecute a wrongful death of an inmate in the jail, told The Daily Beast.
Arpaio "would have me followed," Romley said, and the sheriff's office filed bar complaints against him, which were subsequently dismissed. Then Arpaio poured "about three quarters of a million dollars" into successfully fighting Romley's reelection. It's a common practice, Romley said, for the sheriff to do "anything to intimidate" critics.
Romley and other local leaders recently wrote the U.S. Attorney's Office in Phoenix, asking for a resolution of a separate federal criminal probe of the sheriff that centers on abuse-of-power allegations. (If Sheriff Joe's found guilty of a felony in that case, they won't be able to hold office.)
In the wake of a recent U.S. Supreme Court hearing on SB 1070, the immigration law that makes it a crime for unauthorized migrants to be in Arizona, the federal civil-rights lawsuit filed by Perez shows what can happen when police officers turn into immigration cops. Arpaio is a strong supporter of SB 1070 and vows to enforce it vigorously.
"We'll see what happens," said Perez as they prepared to return to Washington. The Arizona law won't impact the current lawsuit, they said, but they noted SB 1070 is not "a permission slip to engage in racial profiling."
And, they added, the feds have their eyes on Arizona.
"We're here," they said.
As micro apartments are becoming the norm rather than an exception in some areas, the ways architects and designers outfit those spaces has similarly evolved. This Madrid flat measures a meager 215 sq feet (or 20 sq meters), yet meets all of the needs and expectations of a single person living alone in the city.
Spanish architectural studio MYCC achieved this feat by creating a series of platforms to accommodate all of the apartment's functions. Eight distinct zones allow the resident to live and work in the apartment comfortably.
The apartment dweller was lucky enough to have tall ceilings to work with, giving the architects freedom to build up and down, placing essentials like the sleeping area, bathroom, and storage on the bottom level. Work, kitchen, and eating areas take up the next level.
Despite serving distinct functions, the zones of the home also blend into one another. One area is only steps away from the next, allowing the resident to not only easily move around, but to use the zones in combination with one another to create unique new spaces in the home that the architects could only have imagined.
As it continues to be a hot-button issue for lawmakers, here are the cases for and against allowing prayer in public schools:
FOR
Students' vocabulary expanded to include “tresspasses,” “apostolic,” “prodigal,” “fiery wrath”
Genuflecting satisfies daily physical activity requirement
Hypocritical for schools to ban prayer while promoting secular magic such as chemistry and earth science
Might stave off God's righteous annihilation of America a little longer
Gives teachers one goddamn minute of peace and quiet
AGAINST
Mandated prayer creates hostile environment for the hellbound
Time spent mindlessly regurgitating invocations could be spent mindlessly regurgitating standardized test material
Irresponsible to trust untrained children with the immense, fearsome power of prayer
Underfunded schools lack resources to provide every student with own rattlesnake to handle
Would require some real constitutional gymnastics to exclude non-Christian prayers
A Democratic Senator is pressing President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to complete an overdue report on so-called Buy American laws, a staple of their campaign platform.
Trump, who has long promised that their policies would use American products and hire American employees, signed an executive order in April directing their administration to complete a report by November that examines laws requiring the government to purchase goods made in the U.S.
But Sen. Tammy Baldwin Tammy Suzanne BaldwinKlobuchar, O'Rourke visit Wisconsin as 2020 race heats up Dems offer smaller step toward ‘Medicare for all' Overnight Health Care — Sponsored by America's 340B Hospitals — Powerful House committee turns to drug pricing | Utah governor defies voters on Medicaid expansion | Dems want answers on controversial new opioid MORE (D-Wis.) said the report is still incomplete and called on the White House to make finishing the document a top priority.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I understand that the report is not finished and I am writing to urge your administration to expedite the publication of this now late report,” Baldwin wrote in a letter to Trump on Tuesday.
“And I remain hopeful that we can work together to ensure Congress strengthens our government's commitment to buying American-made goods in order to improve wages, boost growth and support American manufacturers.”
Federal projects are already required to use American products under current law, but there are a number of exemptions to the rule. Supporters of the law in Congress have been pushing to close some of those loopholes.
Baldwin was able to attach language to a water infrastructure bill last year that would have required certain drinking water projects to use American steel and iron.
But House GOP leadership stripped the provision from the final product, citing concerns that the language would create an unfair system of winners and losers.
“I have been working to strengthen Buy American laws … but I have faced resistance in Congress,” Baldwin wrote. “I hope that your forthcoming report will make clear that foreign steal will not qualify for preferential treatment under our Buy American laws.”
The June 26 editorial “A better gun agency” reported that the Obama administration and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) surveilled straw gun purchases that took place in Phoenix and then “lost track of” 2,500 such weapons, “some of which have now been traced to criminal activity south of the border.” Despite this scandal, The Post editorial board absurdly concluded that the ATF needs more power and that National Rifle Association (NRA) members are to blame for the ATF's weakness because they're too “paranoid” about losing their Second Amendment rights.
Most reasonable people would process these facts and alarming lack of competence and conclude that the ATF needs less power and that the NRA should be commended for its vigilant pursuit of the truth surrounding the ATF's gun-running operation. But not The Post.
As for gun owner “paranoia,” there would be less reason for worry if The Post ceased its anti-Second Amendment campaign. After all, the paper railed against the Supreme Court's 2008 decision affirming Americans' individual right to keep and bear arms, and it advocated for the draconian laws that robbed D.C. residents of their Second Amendment rights.
Chris W. Cox, Fairfax
The writer is executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday made a strong appeal to minorities ahead of general election, pitching to help nurture the cause of secularism and met Muslim delegation led by Delhi's Jama Masjid Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari
The meeting with Bukhari was the first direct one between the hereditary cleric of one of Delhi's important mosques and the party in 30 years. In the 80s, former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had sought similar support from Bukhari's father Syed Abdullah Bukhari, who was a staunch Congress supporter.
Meanhwile criticizing Sonia's move, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Rajnath Singh said that Congress was practicing communal politics.
"There is nothing wrong with asking someone for support, but Congress is one such party of the nation that has done communal politics as well as done the politics of dividing people, which is called as divisive politics. Congress has done it very well," they said.
Former Uttar Pradesh Minister Shahid Siddiqui criticized Bukhari saying that they were an opportunist and was not bothered for the welfare of Muslim community.
"For the past 20 years, Imaam sir (Syed Ahmed Bukhari) used to speak ill of Congress. They used to say that Congress is responsible for all the problems of the Muslim community and is worse than the BJP. Congress is the other face of the BJP. And now they are all ready to shake hands with that very Congress, this is a very peculiar matter. This means that they are not concerned with the welfare of the Muslims, they are only concerned with who is giving them support," they said.
Taking a jibe at Gandhi, Muslim cleric Maulana Khalid Rashid said it would have been in the good taste if such meetings were arranged by Congress in the past and not just ahead of general elections and take note of problems faced by the Muslim across the country.
"In the manner in which the Congress party has organized a minority conference and asked for their maximum votes, I think in a same manner if they had organized the same conferences of the minorities of the Muslims every year while in power and would have listened about the problems and the demands of the Muslim community, then I think it would have been far better than organizing a conference only on the eve of the election," they said.
Adjunct professor dies penniless after teaching for 25 years
By Phyllis Scherrer
30 November 2013
The September 1 death of Margaret Mary Vojtko, 83, an adjunct professor who taught French for 25 years at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, shines a spotlight on the deplorable conditions faced by adjunct professors nationwide and the crisis in higher education as a whole.
As an adjunct professor, Ms. Vojtko was paid $3,000 to $3,500 per three-credit course they taught. When they could teach a full load, three courses in the fall and spring and two over the summer, they were not even clearing $25,000 a year. They had no job security, no medical benefits and no pension from the university.
In contrast, the university charges more than $30,000 per year for their least expensive Liberal Arts degree, and the salary of Duquesne's president is more than $700,000 a year plus full benefits.
Over the past year, the university had reduced their teaching load to one class per semester, meaning that they were earning less than $10,000 a year, which was consumed by out-of-pocket expenses associated with cancer treatment they were receiving. Penniless, they were not able to keep their home in repair, and the utilities were cut off.
They took a job at a local restaurant, working nights, to both earn extra money and stay warm. This past spring, after being caught sleeping on the couch in their office at the university, they were discharged. Despite never having missed a class and consistently receiving strong reviews from their students, the university decided to punish this “transgression” with its most severe disciplinary measure. As is the case for all adjunct professors, they did not receive any severance pay or pension from the university.
On August 16, they received a letter from Adult Protective Services informing them that they had to report to a caseworker the following Monday or they would be turned over to Orphans' Court. Later that day, they had a massive heart attack from which they died two weeks later.
Them tragic death and the horrific conditions that they were forced to live under are not unique to them Overall, more than 70 percent of all professors at colleges and universities across the country work outside of the tenure track. Most of these are adjunct professors, meaning they are contracted from semester to teach individual courses with no job security and, for the most part, no benefits
Almost all professors working at the many online university and for-profit colleges are adjuncts.
Professors are no longer guaranteed tenure after a certain number of years teaching and doing research. In addition to providing some level of job security, tenure also provides professors with a bit of academic freedom. Adjunct professors, on the other hand, are offered minimal payment per course.
According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, a major academic journal in the US, and its new Adjunct Project, the salary range in Pennsylvania is from $9,500 per course at the Ivy League University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, down to $1,200 at the Moore College of Art and Design, also in Philadelphia. The $3,000 to $3,500 per course that Duquesne University paid to Ms. Vojtko is typical of, if not better than, what is paid adjuncts at most schools.
In response to the passage of the Affordable Care Act, many colleges and universities have cut the hours that adjunct professors can work so that the institutions will not be required to provide health care.
Mary Vojtko is a contemporary example of the observation Frederick Engels made in their 1845 work Condition of the Working Class in England: “ But as to the great mass of working-people, the state of misery and insecurity in which they live now is as low as ever, if not lower. The East End of London is an ever-spreading pool of stagnant misery and desolation, of starvation when out of work, and degradation, physical and moral, when in work....”
A professor from Pittsburgh who knew Mary Votkjo spoke to the WSWS. Even though they have tenure, they asked that their name not be used due to previous harassment by their employer: “Her story helped to expose the brutality of the adjuncts many of whom do have PhD's and have to work at three different institutions trying to make enough just to make ends meet.
“My point simply is that the position of the adjuncts is one part of the attack on education. This education industry is doing so many things simultaneously to subvert education.
“Tuition is increasing and the true academic learning opportunities are diminishing. This is happening simultaneously. Then students are saddled with huge loans and have no basic knowledge to make intelligent decisions, or lead a meaningful, independent life. They will always be dependent on some boss who controls their existence, their vacation, their leisure time, and health care. That's the poor. Then they will tell them they are lazy when they don't become rich, because like Obama said, ‘If you work like hell' you can move up. So, apparently they didn't work hard enough. Therefore, the majority of Americans are just not working hard enough. Yet, the stock market manipulators are working hard enough, and they deserve their fortunes?
“In academia the situation of the adjuncts is part of a neoliberal and corporate project. It is part of a project of transforming education to the point where knowledge becomes inaccessible, where it is being withheld, especially from the working class. Withholding knowledge is the perfect way to control the population and especially the working class and to disable any resistance.”
Last Thursday, the New York Times reported that President Barack Obama might announce their long-awaited executive action on immigration this week. The order, which White House officials insist isn't finalized, would give up to five million undocumented immigrants a temporary reprieve from deportation—and, in some cases, permission to work legally—according to the Times report.
Immigration activists think it's clearly the right thing to do, Republicans think it's wrong, and I'm honestly not sure who's right.
The precise details of what Obama has in mind aren't clear and those details matter. But the order would presumably allow the undocumented population to come in from the shadows—to work and to live with family members here legally, without fear of suddenly being apprehended and sent back home. As I explained in August, such a move would almost certainly be legal.
Existing immigration laws give the president clear and broad discretion to decide when and how borders and customs officials focus their enforcement efforts. Since authorities can't deport all or even most undocumented workers anyway, the president can tell them which ones to make a priority—and which ones to ignore. By definition, any presidential order would be temporary; a successor could undo it easily. And it would not actually change the legal status of such workers. It would merely protect them from enforcement of U.S. immigration laws. That's still very important and would make a significant impact on the lives of millions of people.
The Turkish PM's office announced their forces attacked several militant Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) targets and Islamic State positions. Kurdish fighters, who have been battling the jihadists for months, say the truce with Turkey is now meaningless.
The Turkish PM's office has said their fighter jets bombed seven militant Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) targets in Northern Iraq, AFP reported.
Turkey also launched simultaneous ground attacks against the PKK and Islamic State in northern Syria, Reuters said, citing the PM's office.
“Strikes were carried out on targets of the Daesh (Islamic State) terror group in Syria and the PKK terror group in northern Iraq,” Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's office said in a statement.
Prime Minister Davutoglu told reporters that some 590 suspected members of IS and PKK and other militant groups had been arrested in raids across Turkey that began on Friday, according to AFP.
READ MORE: Turkey joins US-led coalition against ISIS, provides jets & air bases
The airstrikes targeted PKK warehouses, logistics points, living quarters and storage buildings, Turkish authorities said in a statement.
The overnight air assault was the first Turkish strike against Kurds in northern Iraq since a peace deal between Ankara and the PKK separatists was announced in 2013.
"At around 11:00 pm (2000 GMT) tonight, Turkish warplanes started bombing our positions near the border, accompanied by heavy artillery shelling," PKK spokesperson in Iraq, Bakhtiar Dogan, confirmed to AFP.
Among the bombarded locations was the stronghold of PKK's military leadership at Mount Kandil.
The Kurdistan Workers Party announced in its website that after last night's airstrikes and ground military attacks, the truce with Turkey has “no meaning anymore.”
On Friday, Ankara announced joining the anti-ISIS coalition by providing jets and airbases as part of an agreement with the US.
The move was due to the growing threat to Turkey's security posed by the jihadists, the Turkish foreign ministry said in a statement.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party has been fighting Turkey for autonomy since 1984. The Turks and their NATO allies list the group as a terrorist organization.
Turkish artillery also shelled Islamic State and PKK positions from across the border, Ankara said.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan confirmed on Friday that Ankara had agreed to let the US use the Incirlik air base near the city of Adana in southern Turkey.
"In our phone call with Obama, we reiterated our determination in the struggle against the separatist organization [Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK)] and the Islamic State," Erdoğan told reporters on Friday. "We took the first step last night."
A new eruption of violence in Turkey was sparked by an IS suicide bombing in the southeastern Turkish city of Suruc on Monday that killed 32 people, most of whom were Kurdish nationals. The Kurds have accused the Turkish authorities of a laissez-faire approach towards Islamic State.
A series of terror acts targeting Turkish police, carried out by Kurdish activists this week, claimed the lives of two Turkish law enforcers near the mainly Kurdish city of Sanliurfa close to the Syrian border.
On Friday, suspected PKK militant threw a small bomb into a police station in Bismil, wounding seven police officers.
The Kurdish Peshmerga militia has been fighting IS for some time, protecting areas inhabited by Kurd nationals in so-called Kurdistan.
The rapid advance of Islamic State has prompted the Kurds to reinforce troops on the frontline in their fight against the extremists.
The Kurds are one of the largest ethnic groups in the world, but they don't have their own state. Kurdistan encompasses parts of Iran, Iraq, Turkey and Syria. Of the four regions, Iraqi Kurdistan has made the most progress in defining its status politically and striving for independence.
The Golden State Warriors have demoted assistant coach Brian Scalabrine to their D-League affiliate in Santa Cruz, Calif., with 11 games to play in the regular season for what coach Mark Jackson called a "difference in philosophies."
Jackson's Warriors sit in sixth place at 44-27, only 1½ games ahead of the eighth and last spot for the playoffs despite winning 15 of 23 games since the beginning of February.
They said Scalabrine's reassignment to the Santa Cruz Warriors was their call.
"I made the decision," Jackson said Tuesday after practice, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. "I'm fortunate enough to have an ownership group and a management group that allows me to pick my staff. We're just going in a different direction. That's that."
The move came after a 99-90 loss at home Saturday night to the San Antonio Spurs, who stand atop the West with the NBA's best record at 54-16, a status Jackson acknowledged after the game.
"We made some mistakes. It's a disappointing loss. It'll make us better," Jackson said Saturday. "Hopefully we see them down the road again, but there's a reason why they're the best team in basketball."
Those comments by Jackson followed a meeting with their assistants right after the game that lasted more than 30 minutes, according to the Chronicle's report.
By Tuesday, Jackson was ready to part with Scalabrine, a former veteran power forward whose career spanned 11 seasons and included an NBA championship in 2008 with the Boston Celtics, with whom Warriors owner Joe Lacob was a minority owner. In addition, Warriors general manager Bob Myers was Scalabrine's agent for 10 of their seasons as a player.
"I made a decision and wish them nothing but the very best," Jackson said, according to the Chronicle. "This is my decision and we move forward. One thing I will say is that we're a tied-together team, excited about finishing up the season the right way."
Update: This evening, President Obama delivered a statement on the fatal shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota. Watch below:
Today, President Obama posted the following message on Facebook:
"All Americans should be deeply troubled by the fatal shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. We've seen such tragedies far too many times, and our hearts go out to the families and communities who've suffered such a painful loss.
"Although I am constrained in commenting on the particular facts of these cases, I am encouraged that the U.S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation in Baton Rouge, and I have full confidence in their professionalism and their ability to conduct a thoughtful, thorough, and fair inquiry.
"But regardless of the outcome of such investigations, what's clear is that these fatal shootings are not isolated incidents. They are symptomatic of the broader challenges within our criminal justice system, the racial disparities that appear across the system year after year, and the resulting lack of trust that exists between law enforcement and too many of the communities they serve.
"To admit we've got a serious problem in no way contradicts our respect and appreciation for the vast majority of police officers who put their lives on the line to protect us every single day. It is to say that, as a nation, we can and must do better to institute the best practices that reduce the appearance or reality of racial bias in law enforcement.
"That's why, two years ago, I set up a Task Force on 21st Century Policing that convened police officers, community leaders, and activists. Together, they came up with detailed recommendations on how to improve community policing. So even as officials continue to look into this week's tragic shootings, we also need communities to address the underlying fissures that lead to these incidents, and to implement those ideas that can make a difference. That's how we'll keep our communities safe. And that's how we can start restoring confidence that all people in this great nation are equal before the law.
"In the meantime, all Americans should recognize the anger, frustration, and grief that so many Americans are feeling -- feelings that are being expressed in peaceful protests and vigils. Michelle and I share those feelings. Rather than fall into a predictable pattern of division and political posturing, let's reflect on what we can do better. Let's come together as a nation, and keep faith with one another, in order to ensure a future where all of our children know that their lives matter."
Read the message on the President's Facebook page.
I got my package from the service dog organization yesterday.
It has really brought home to me that this is ‘real' – that Hudson and I really are going to train together this summer, and I will have this furry friend around to help me.
At the same time, it is bringing something else home – the price tag.
When I applied for the service dog, I really only thought about the price of the dog – 10% of your income or $1,000, whichever was higher. As I am a student, and have virtually no income, I will be paying $1,000.
There are so many things that thousand dollars doesn't cover. There are 3 weeks of training, where I'll need a place to stay (I'm estimating at $2,500). $120 of mandatory fieldtrips. Feeding myself for 3 weeks while staying in a hotel. Hudson's equipment, which will be customized to us. Bedding and toys and food and grooming supplies.
All told, I expect this to cost over $4,000.
The real kicker is this: because I will be in training for 3 weeks right in the middle of the summer, I cannot take a summer job. I will need a significant amount of time to recover after training, and besides that, Hudson and I will need to get used to working together.
Worse yet, this news comes just a few weeks after I had to pay $2,500 to have my car repaired. It was, unfortunately, a repair that could not wait as it would only get worse.
I am…doing the only thing I can do now. I'm asking for help. Please, if you can help…getting a service dog means the world to me.
Every little bit helps.
Australian button:
Canadian button:
Euro Button:
UK Button:
Advertisements
A man who posted nude photos of their ex-girlfriend without their consent on their employer's Facebook page is the first person to be convicted under California's “revenge porn” law, the Los Angeles City Attorney's Office reported Monday.
Noe Iniguez, 36, of Los Angeles was sentenced Monday to one year in jail and 36 months of probation and will be required to attend domestic violence counseling for violating both the state's revenge porn statute and two restraining orders. They were prosecuted by Deputy City Attorney Brad Pregerson.
Iniguez's actions, including posting derogatory comments about their ex and a topless photo of them with a message calling them a “drunk” and a “slut” and urging the employer to fire her, are part of a larger, troubling trend that pushed California lawmakers to adopt the first legislation in October 2013 against these vengeful attacks. More than a dozen states have followed California's lead and passed similar laws.
“California's new revenge porn law gives prosecutors a valuable tool to protect victims whose lives and reputations have been upended by a person they once trusted,” City Attorney Mike Feuer said in a press release Monday. “This conviction sends a strong message that this type of malicious behavior will not be tolerated.”
The legislation was largely in response to the increase of online attacks like those made by Iniguez and the sudden appearance of sites dedicated to revenge porn that profit off victims' humiliation by charging them fees to remove the photos. In February, California Attorney General Kamala Harris announced they would be charging Oklahoma resident Casey E. Meyering for posting photos of California women on their revenge porn site, WinByState.
State Sen. Anthony Cannella (R-Ceres), who introduced the law under which Iniguez was convicted, told HuffPost they were proud to author the legislation.
"As technology evolves, it is important that government act to protect our citizens from new types of crime, and while I'm sad these crimes exist, I am happy to see my legislation doing what it's supposed to do -- protecting victims," they said in an email.
Sour beer styles are difficult to make, produced in small batches, and often expensive. Their flavor complexity is making them more and more popular, not only to craft beer lovers, but wine drinkers and cocktail enthusiasts as well. Women, in particular, are sparking to craft beers in general, and sour beers specifically, according to Kim Jordan, co-founder of New Belgium, the fourth largest craft brewery in the country. Jordan told USA Today: "Some particular styles, sour being among them ... are really appealing to (women) because they are sophisticated and flavorful and not crazy (alcohol) bombs."
When I'm bartending, I love to watch the look on someone's face when they taste a sour beer for the first time. The range of expressions on their faces usually goes from surprise, to confusion, to infatuation, usually within the first three sips.
What makes a beer sour is, simply put, the addition of wild yeast and bacteria. Brewers of sour beer want wild yeasts like brettanomyces to impart the characteristic funk, and lactobacillus (a lactic acid bacterium also found in yogurt) to lend sourness. The classic sour beer styles come from Belgium and Germany, but have inspired many innovative craft brewers here in the states to create their own versions.
While sour beers are becoming a popular brew to order, it isn't just one style, but many, some of which may sound familiar. So next time you walk into a bar or brewpub, get specific about which sour beer style you order. Here are some of the most popular, for all types of drinkers.
About
Archer Mayor's Lost Case Files is an episodic mystery video game where the player takes on the role of a rookie detective under the watchful eye of seasoned investigator Joe Gunther. The game offers a genuine look into the world of real police procedure in the gritty style of bestselling author Archer Mayor, who the New York Times called “the boss man on procedures.” Players will investigate crime scenes, track down suspects, and construct a case through search, inquiry and deductive reasoning. It's a game where your choices matter and you have control over the investigation.
The Lost Case Files is a unique take on the detective game genre, enabling players to do real detective work instead of being guided through the steps. You cannot spend time investigating every possible lead, unlike many traditional adventure games, because players are challenged to use time correctly before the trail goes cold. Each action performed, whether it is questioning a witness or processing evidence, will deplete your primary resource: time. Players must solve the case quickly and efficiently to gain an understanding of what it takes to really solve a crime.
Using Archer's wealth of experience in police procedure, the game will let players explore how real detective work is done in the field. Players will be the detective, collecting evidence and deciding whether or not to follow up on a lead. Investigating leads takes time, but also opens a new location with more possible clues and conversations to discover within the Joe Gunther universe.
Archer Mayor is a bestselling author from Newfane, Vermont. For the past 23 years, Archer has been crafting their Joe Gunther series; a collection of police procedural detective novels set in Vermont. The books are known for their gritty realism and true-to-life detective techniques. Archer has been able to bring this quality of realism to their writing because they live the life of a medical examiner and a detective.  They are known for their exceptional accuracy in realistic police procedure, and aims to bring the same accuracy into the digital world of mystery-based video games.
In Archer Mayor's “Joe Gunther” series of crime novels, Joe Gunther is the quintessential Vermont detective, balancing reason and logic with integrity and justice. Archer's style, character traits, and settings build a strong foundation for a unique mystery game that focuses on building a case with realistic methodology.
The Emergent Media Center (EMC) at Champlain College is a studio-based academic center whose mission is to educate and inspire next generation media creators and leaders. The EMC supports talented and creative students in producing interactive media, games, and mobile app projects for real-world clients. Through a collaborative, exploratory design cycle, the EMC transforms education, processes, and media while enlightening the Champlain College community, business partners, and the global community. The EMC strives to create a place of business and learning that gives students real-world experience, and allows clients to work with smart, talented, young professionals.
In 2011, students at the EMC met with Archer Mayor for a brainstorming session, to see how their novels and expertise could translate in the gaming world. Participants were all extremely enthusiastic about the prospect of the game, so a group of graduate students took the next steps to formalize a concept. In order to materialize this concept we need your help. A student-driven project still takes a fair amount of money to complete. This project will not take the form of standard coursework, but offers production experience with real clients for a real paycheck.
As with Archer Mayor's series of Joe Gunther novels, The Lost Case Files video game will be uniquely set in the state of Vermont. The Green Mountain state has a distinctive quality that comes forth in Archer's novels, a quality well suited for a narrative driven game. Vermont deserves representation in the realm of video games, and under the guidance of one of its own authors it will acquire this attention in virtual space. When partnered with Champlain College in Burlington, featuring a one-of-a-kind game development program, both parties can work to integrate traditional and digital media. This collaboration will create something tremendously innovative as well as characteristic of the great state of Vermont.
Episode one of The Lost Case Files opens on a humid Vermont summer morning. There has been a murder. As Joe Gunther's protégé you must unravel this dastardly tale of back-stabbing, deceit, and revenge. Before putting the perpetrator in handcuffs you will follow a trail of clues from the murder scene, through the rolling hills of Vermont, and into the underbelly of small town New England. Time is of the essence; avoid the red herrings and zero in on the proper clues or justice may not be served. Your reputation is at stake. Don't let Joe Gunther down.
Due to the expression of international support for the project, the team has decided to introduce five new reward tiers aimed at international backers. International shipping rates are included in the pledge amount and a little extra is included specifically for our friends outside the US.
The Lost Case Files game is designed to be an episodic series of narratives that can be developed continuously. This Kickstarter campaign is aimed to create the foundation of the game and the pilot episode of the series. There is opportunity for students to develop more stories for the game after the initial release, each case being a focused experience in the Joe Gunther universe. Stretch goals include further development of additional episodes of the game.
The game is still in the early development phase, as we cannot yet afford the staff and licenses for full-on-production. But this game is being designed unlike most mystery games, intent on putting the player inside a literary world based in authentic law enforcement practice. This is not your run-of-the-mill hidden picture game or an arbitrary puzzle-based mystery game, this will be a game true to the process of insightful investigation and building a case. Players have to look at all of the possible evidence, including dead ends and coincidental prospects, and choose the correct leads to follow. Intuition and logic will be crucial to catching the culprit in this race against the clock. This unique game will bring the classic genre of police procedurals into an interactive world that is distinctive to Archer Mayor's practiced techniques. Join us in supporting young professionals and promoting a local Vermont author in this remarkable venture.
Collaboration is a central focus of both the EMC's mission and Archer Mayor's outlook on the creative process. As people work with each other, they also educate one another and build a far better product that is enhanced by a multitude of perspectives. The game development students at the EMC might know very little about the inner workings of a murder investigation, and Archer may know little about game design and programming, but together the strengths of both parties can combine to create a game that is well-designed and enjoyable, and at the same time bring a level of forensic accuracy and narrative excellence that a true mystery game deserves.
Producing and distributing a video game is a costly venture especially in an educational environment. The talented and creative team of students, who have been iterating the game's design would appreciate the opportunity to develop their ideas into a playable form. Contrary to popular belief, not all authors are millionaires. Archer still works three jobs, as a writer, a death investigator for the Vermont State Medical Examiner's office, and as a deputy for the Windham County Sheriff's department. When Archer came to the EMC it was on a whim, to see what the possibilities were to create a video game based in their literary world. The students who got the chance to work with Archer on brainstorming were all enamored with the chance to work on a mystery game with a NY Times bestselling author, but the cost associated with game production are out of the price range for the Vermont author. We are working on a Kickstarter campaign because we would like to give Champlain game development students the chance to work with Archer, and bring their expertise to the world of video games.
Production costs to develop Archer Mayor's The Lost Case Files game at the Emergent Media Center (EMC) at Champlain College will encompass the following areas:
Student production staff
Project management staff
Faculty Advisors
Licenses and Software Development Kits
Indirect costs (physical space, software and hardware, heat (Vermont is cold), electricity, etc.)
Game development will occur over two semesters with a stretch goal to allow three semesters (one academic year), commencing January 2013 and ending December 31, 2013. The EMC engages in an iterative design cycle, which typically consists of a concept and research phase, pre-production phase, production phase, and a testing, bug-fix and refinement phase. Within these phases there is constant iteration and improvement upon the prior version of a product.
Student Production Staff: The primary goal of the Emergent Media Center is to provide a studio-based learning environment where undergraduate and graduate students can take the skills learned in their degree programs and apply them to real-world projects. Students are the focal point at the EMC – they are the visionaries for each and every project, taking an idea and turning it into a game, mobile app or other interactive experience through their skills in design thinking, interactive design, 2-D and 3-D art and animation, graphic design and a programming. Archer Mayor's The Lost Case Files game will require a student team of 13 undergraduate students over the course of two semesters. Estimated Costs – $44,567
Studio & Project Management Staff: The Emergent Media Center is run by a small, yet herculean staff of six, that wears many hats to make this unique studio run. Production costs for any project at the EMC includes staff time to organize, develop, administer, market, guide, mentor and manage each project at the Studio. Studio & project management staff costs for Archer Mayor's The Lost Case Files game will cover portions of salaries for these six staff members over the course of two semesters. Estimated Costs – $20,876
Faculty Advisors: The game development degree programs at Champlain College rank within the top ten best programs in the nation. Faculty who teach in these programs have industry and academic expertise in game design principles, art & animation, sound design, and game programming, to name just a few areas. The Emergent Media Center is a unique studio model, in that its association with Champlain College allows it to engage the expertise of the faculty, who serve as subject-matter experts, advisors and mentors to the students. Archer Mayor's The Lost Case Files game will have one faculty advisor for one semester of the project. Estimated Costs – $1,550
Licenses and Software Development Kits: Archer Mayor's The Lost Case Files game will be produced using the Unity Game Engine. The cost to purchase two Unity Pro developer licenses (for a total of four users – two per license) is $3,000. In order to develop the game with the end goal of making it iOS compatible, two additional Unity iOS Pro developer licenses must be purchased for an additional $3,000. Estimated Costs – $6,000
Indirect Costs : Champlain College is a not-for-profit organization that calculates its ‘overhead' costs, or costs that cover many activities across the overall institution, using one indirect cost rate. The College's rate is one of the lowest indirect cost rates in the country. Examples of indirect costs are office supplies, rent, telephone and utilities, accounting and legal costs, etc. Estimated Costs – $27,007
Roman Kreuziger has announced that they will appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in an attempt to overturn the suspension imposed by the UCI due to their ongoing Biological Passport case. The Tinkoff-Saxo rider hopes for a temporary lifting of the ban by CAS before their case is heard so they can to ride the Vuelta a Espana. Related Articles Kreuziger to ride Tour of Poland despite passport case
Roman Kreuziger provisionally suspended
Tinkoff-Saxo hits back at the UCI regarding Kreuziger's Biological Passport suspension
Kreuziger loses CAS appeal and will miss Vuelta a Espana
Tinkoff-Saxo name Vuelta a España team
Kreuziger cleared by Czech Olympic Committee
The UCI suspended the Czech rider on Saturday August 2, stopping them from competing at the Tour of Poland. They agreed to miss the Tour de France after the UCI's Anti-Doping Foundation (CAFD) had found anomalies in their biological passport between 2011 and 2012 and informed them that they were formally under investigation. However, Kreuziger was not initially suspended by the UCI or their team.
In a carefully worded statement, Kreuziger has suggested that their blood values "only approached the limits (of the Biological Passport) on one occasion, which was caused by extreme dehydration after (an unsuccessful) mountain stage of the Giro d'Italia 2012." They also claim three experts backing their claim that the CAFD panel is wrong in its judgement.
“I am deeply frustrated by this current situation, which makes it impossible for me to do my job and ride my bike. I'm not a cheat, and I have not committed any doping offence," Kreuziger said in a statement on their personal website.
"Experts confirm that there is no evidence of any alleged anti-doping rule violation in my case. This has been going on since June 2013, and still there is no formal case opened against me. Despite this I'm now provisionally suspended. I sincerely hope that this situation can be resolved quickly and not turned into a political matter."
The alleged Biological Passport violations are from 2011 and 2012, when Kreuziger rode for Alexandre Vinkourov's Astana team. They joined Tinkoff-Saxo in 2013.
“I am grateful to my team, Tinkoff-Saxo, for their support, and it helps me to know they trust me and have faith in me based on our working relationship and the expert opinions on my case,” they said.
A legal battle over anti-doping rules
Kreuziger's appeal to CAS is expected to be a legal battle regarding interpretation of the UCI Anti-doping rules and the integration of the Biological Passport rules with those for traditional anti-doping cases.
Kreuziger and their legal counsel claims there is no basis in the current UCI legislation allowing for the imposition of a provisional suspension apart unless in cases of a positive A sample of an anti-doping test.
However, Cyclingnews understands that the UCI imposed rules number 242 and 313 to suspend Kreuziger even though they have yet to face a disciplinary hearing or be found guilty of doping.
Rules 242 reads: "…the Anti-Doping Commission or one of its members may ban the Rider from participating in Events for such time that the violation, in the opinion of the Anti-Doping Commission or such member, is likely to affect the Rider's results."
The UCI clearly believes Kreuziger has a case to answer and so are against their presence in races. Any eventual ban for doping could see them disqualified from the races they compete in now and so their presence could somehow affect or falsify the results of these races.
Any confirmed suspension for doping usually includes any provisional suspensions. By trying to compete in the midst of a case, Kreuziger may be able to race in the short term and even start the Vuelta a España but could face longer time out of the sport if they are eventually found guilty of doping.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A BNSF Railway [BNISF.UL] train loaded with crude oil derailed and caught fire on Thursday afternoon in a rural area south of Galena, Illinois, according to local officials and the company.
The incident marks the latest in a series of derailments in North America and the third in three weeks involving trains hauling crude oil, which has put a heightened focus on rail safety.
Dark smoke was seen for miles around the crash site, and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency told local WREX.com that two of the cars were potentially on fire.
The train with 105 loaded cars - 103 of them carrying crude oil - derailed around 1:20 p.m. CST (1920 GMT), according to a BNSF statement. The incident occurred on what appears to be a major rail line alongside the Mississippi River that handles as many as 50 oil-trains a week, one official said.
“The sky is pretty dark down there, the smoke is pretty black,” said Kevin Doyle, whose property borders the tracks. “If you're standing on the tracks you can throw a rock in the water.”
BNSF said there were no reported injuries and no evacuations. The Berkshire Hathaway Inc unit did not know what had caused the derailment, which occurred about 3 miles outside Galena, a town of just over 3,000 on the border with Wisconsin.
Eight cars derailed, according to Galena City Administrator Mark Moran, six of which had tumbled onto their side. They said emergency responders were called back to Galena as a precaution, and BNSF responders had taken over control of the site. It was not clear if oil had spilled from the tank cars.
It was also not immediately clear where the train originated or where it was heading. Chicago, which is 160 miles east, is a major rail hub for shipments from both North Dakota and Canada's oil sands. It was unclear if the train's tank cars were older models widely criticized for being prone to puncture during accidents.
About 40 to 50 oil trains come through the area each week, Jo Daviess County Emergency Manager Charles Pedersen said. They had said earlier that there was no explosion or fire at the site.
The accident is just the latest involving oil trains in the United States and Canada.
In 2013, 47 people were killed in the Quebec town of Lac-Mégantic after a train carrying crude oil derailed and exploded. The last incident was just three weeks ago.
Last month, a Canadian Pacific Railway freight train derailment in nearby Dubuque, Iowa, spilled ethanol fuel into the water and set three cars on fire. Dubuque, which is 14 miles to the north west of Galena, has almost 60,000 inhabitants.
A National Transportation Safety Board spokesperson said the federal agency was not investigating the incident.
For a graphic go to: link.reuters.com/daf34w
There is a notion that is gaining popularity among the general strength training crowd, the notion that Olympic lifters in the United States do not care about strength training. That we put a low priority on getting strong. Now, it is so patently ridiculous to think that those in a sport where success is based on how heavy a barbell you can pick up and put over your head don't believe strength is important that I did not think the idea would ever gain all that much traction. In fact, it is so ridiculous that I thought it would probably come back and bite the folks saying it in the ass once people just thought about it a little.
I was wrong.
This argument is a classic straw man argument. Falsely claim another is supporting position “A”, then win the argument by pointing out that position “A” is incorrect, and that your own position “B” is much superior. This is done in politics all the time, and can be done subtly enough so that sometimes even the victim of the scam doesn't realize they have just been had. The victims position can be slightly altered, barely exaggerated, just enough to give the perpetrator of the fraud something reasonable to argue against. No need to just out and out fabricate your opponents position to use this technique to win an argument. But in our case, there is nothing subtle about it. No need to be subtle really, as there are plenty of things about training for the sport of weightlifting that can be twisted, taken out contest, or confused to give those who would like to make themselves look very good by knocking over the straw man plenty of opportunity to confuse the issues. I will confront three of these areas of confusion.
One misconception is that because not all weightlifters use the deadlift, this proves we don't emphasize strength enough. Many powerlifters, for whom the deadlift is a competition exercise, also don't deadlift often, sometimes none at all between contests. Why is this? Because many have found that the deadlift is so hard to recover from when done with maximal weights that they just cannot be done frequently. They have found that they progress quicker when they do them less often. Many have also found that using different squatting variations done very heavy to develop strength, then using lighter and more dynamic pulling is just a superior way to train the deadlift, and results in stronger lifters and bigger deadlifts. This sounds remarkable similar to the way weightlifters train, lots of heavy squats, lighter, more dynamic pulling. Not deadlifting heavy on a regular basis does not prove one is not trying to get strong, it just proves that one has found a better way to get strong, a way that produces bigger and stronger athletes in other sports, and many of the strongest deadlifters and biggest deadlifts in the world.
Discussions about the ratio of the competitive lifts to the squat can also lead to confusion when statements are twisted or taken out of context. Often, these ratios are used to gauge a lifters technical proficiency. Sometimes they are used to making decisions about where to best spend the majority of training effort. It is considered “normal” for a lifter to snatch about 80% of their best clean and jerk, and back squat about 125% of their best clean and jerk. These numbers won't be the same for everyone, but if a lifter is significantly different from these rations, it might point out some defeciency in technique or even the training program. If a lifter is snatching 90% of their best clean and jerk, it would be normal to ask “what is holding back the clean and jerk?” or to wonder how how training might be altered to change this. Likewise, if a lifter back squats 200% of their best clean and jerk, most lifters and coaches would be wondering why the clean and jerk is not following the squat at a more reasonable distance, what can be done about it, and, if it might pay to take some of the effort currently being expended in pushing the squat and instead put it toward fixing whatever is wrong with the clean and jerk. NONE of this means we don't care about strength or don't want to get stronger. What it does mean is that the snatch and clean and jerk is how we demonstrate strength in our particular sport, just like squatting is how you demonstrate it in powerlifting, loading stones is one of the ways you demonstrate it if you compete in strongman events, and the weight throw for height is one of the ways you demonstrate it if you are a highland games athlete. Consider a strongman competitor who has a huge 900lb deadlift but cannot load a 300lb stone. Compare them to another competitor, who can deadlift only 700lbs, but can load a 350lb stone. Which one should be working harder on stone loading, and which on deadlifting? No one would bat an eye if the 900lb deadlifter said they were choosing to de-emphasize deadlifting and put extra effort into loading stones prior to an upcoming contest. Certainly no one would question their understanding that strength is the cornerstone of their performance and must be raised in order to perform better. On the other hand, the fact that a weightlifter who back squats double their clean and jerk might put extra emphasis into improving their clean and jerk at the expense of pushing the squat can be twisted and distorted into, again, the silly notion that weightlifters don't understand the value of strength training and don't think that strength matters. At the heart of this is the next fallacy…
Some claim that strength is not built by snatching and clean and jerking. They claim that strength is displayed, but it is only built by slower, heavier exercises like the squat, the press, and the deadlift. Sometimes I wonder if this is a true belief or a claim only for the purpose of constructing the straw man… but it is true that some of those making this claim have had maximal snatches and clean and jerks that are very, very low percentages of their squats and clean and jerks. For a man who squats a large number but has skill, technique, or flexibility problems that limit the snatch to less than 30% of this number or the clean and jerk to less than 50% of this number, then yes, it is true, the Olympic lifts will not be major drivers of leg and back strength. The load is just not big enough. But it would take a real lack of imagination to not understand that a clean and jerk done by a man who can clean 80% of their back squat is a whole different animal than what they are doing. Wherever this claim originates from, it allows them to look at the lifter who devotes a significant proportion of their weekly training to doing the snatch and clean and jerk, and make the following claim “see, they flog technique training to death, but don't emphasize strength training”. Because to them, all training on the snatch or clean is, is technique training. In reality, to a skilled lifter a high percentage lift on the snatch or clean and jerk is a powerful driver of strength adaptation. Unfortunately, it is impossible to demonstrate this to those that are not skilled lifters, and some simply won't take your word for it.
More than anything, this particular blog entry is a simple rant against a situation that frustrates me. Most of the people who read it will already agree with me. Most of the people who need to read it doesn't even know this blog exists. But thank you for reading anyway, and here's to all those out there practically bleeding on the platform and in the squat stands trying like hell to get stronger.
Game of Thrones production is scheduled to return to Ballintoy Harbour in upcoming weeks, according to @IrishThrones.
Game of Thrones has used Ballintoy Harbour for multiple locations, including the beach on which Melisandre burned heretics in season 4. However, the scenic harbour most famously served as the Isle of Pyke, specifically as Lordsport and the site of Theon Greyjoy's baptism during their ill-fated trip home in season 2.
Given Game of Thrones' propensity for recycling locations, production could be moving to Ballintoy Harbor to film any number of beach scenes. However, considering Gemma Whelan‘s (aka Yara Greyjoy's) sighting in Belfast with other cast members last month and the probable casting call for (and potential casting of) Euron Greyjoy, there's a good chance we'll see a return to the Iron Islands in season 6 … perhaps for a Kingsmoot?
Meanwhile, at Linen Mill Studios in Banbridge, an onlooker spotted a ship with a green screen backdrop and a castle under construction.
In other news, Faye Marsay, who plays the Waif in the House of Black and White, appeared in a TwitPic taken in Belfast last Sunday with Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner. So, despite their apparent death (or … transformation into Jaqen H'ghar) in “Mother's Mercy,” it seems that the Waif will be back in season 6.
Lastly, @NiamhWeasley ran into Kit Harington and Rose Leslie with “other Night's Watch people” at a Costa Coffee in Belfast. They refused pics but “are still really nice.”
Lost memories may still lurk in the brain. (Robert F. Bukaty/AP)
New research shows that "lost" memories lurk in the brain waiting to be found again -- in mice, anyway. In a study published Thursday in Science, researchers were able to reactivate memories they'd suppressed, indicating that retrograde amnesia -- where memories are lost after brain trauma -- may be more of a memory retrieval problem than an actual loss of data.
[MIT scientists implant a false memory into a mouse's brain]
The researchers used something called optogenetics. If you're not familiar, it's super science fiction-y. Scientists can pick out specific neurons and introduce a special protein to them by way of an engineered virus. Once that protein is present in the brain cells, the cells are sensitive to blue light. That allows researchers to turn particular neurons on and off at will.
In this case, they created a bad memory by shocking mice repeatedly in a particular enclosure. They picked out which neurons were stimulated when the mice relived the memory (as evidenced by their visible fear of being in the shock chamber) and made those neurons, which together are called a "memory engram," light-sensitive in a new batch of mice before training them with the same shock.
[Scientists switch ‘good' and ‘bad' memories in mice]
Then they made the memories go away the way they might in someone with retrograde amnesia: Some of the mice were injected with a drug called anisomycin that messes with memory formation. Sure enough, those mice stopped being afraid of the shock chamber -- until researchers used blue light to activate the neurons they knew held the repressed memory. Then their fear response returned.
Based on their findings, the researchers believe that "lost" memories may still leave engrams active in the brain. From The Verge:
Eventually, their search lead them to figure out that the engram cells in one part of the hippocampus were strongly connected to another part of the hippocampus, and it was this pattern of connectivity that survived the drug treatment. When they extended the search further, they realized that other regions of the brain, including the amygdala, where where fear-based memories can be found, were also involved in this network. The researchers were therefore able to retrieve the memories because other connections in the brain — connections that were unaffected by the drug, but inaccessible without the light treatment — were storing information related to the shock treatment as well.
"Our conclusion is that in retrograde amnesia, past memories may not be erased, but could simply be lost and inaccessible for recall," lead author Susumu Tonegawa, director of the RIKEN Brain Science Institute in Saitama, Japan, said in a statement. "These findings provide striking insight into the fleeting nature of memories, and will stimulate future research on the biology of memory and its clinical restoration."
The findings aren't fit to help humans with amnesia anytime soon. "It's very difficult to be doing this in humans, partly for the ethical reasons — the work is invasive — but also because we tag the memories in the brain before they're learned," Tomas Ryan, a neuroscientist at MIT and a co-author of the study, told the Verge.
But the work does suggest that "lost" memories might still lurk in the brain, so it's possible that humans could one day find a more plausible way of retrieving them.
Want more science? Give these a click:
MIT scientists implant a false memory into a mouse's brain
Zapping your brain really does improve memory
Scientists pinpoint a gene regulator that makes human brains bigger
Old and suffering from ‘amnesia,' the Opportunity rover reaches a new summit
FACEOFF: 7:30pm
TV/RADIO: CSN, WGN Radio
YOUR VILLAGE IDIOT: St. Louis Gametime (not as fun as it used to be)
Before I get to the game tonight, as I should do every year I want address everyone's questions about where to get The Committed Indian if you're going to the game. More people have been asking than usual. We are stationed basically at every corner of the United Center, or as close as we can be. I man Madison St. outside Gate 3. We have another one by the bus stop on Madison outside Gate 2, and that's Scott. On the south side of the arena, Sarah is stationed at Damen and Monroe, because we can't be inside the UC parking lots. Flip that around, and you'll find Hamish at Wood and Monroe to cover the Southeast corner. In addition, we usually have Adam on the corner of Madison and Wood. Most of the time, we have Glenn on the corner of Madison and Damen, though that's the spot we can't always cover. Glenn is also Sarah's husband, so don't say anything weird to them or I'll be forced to sick them on you and you don't want that. So it's pretty easy to find us if you're looking for us. We'll be the hypothermia victims tonight.
And if you're not going, you can always just get it online from this site. I'll tweet when it's posted if you just want to get that game's. Ok, enough of that.
To the home opener. And it begins with what is looking like — after an admittedly small sample size — the main antagonist in the Central Division. If you've seen Detroit's defense in their two games, you'll know why I'm saying that.
St. Louis played last night, and got a shootout win over Nashville after Alex Pietrangelo tied it up late in the 3rd. That makes the Blues 2-0-0 just like the Hawks, except the Blues are carrying the weight of being everyone's pick to come out of this whole Western Shoot-Em-Up. That's what tends to happen when you put up 109 points one year and then essentially return the whole team back the next.
Except for one addition, and that's Vladimir Tarasenko. He's certainly looked the part in the first two games with three goals — all of them pretty special — and two assists. This may be the top-line scorer the Blues have always craved. Then again, it doesn't take all that much to scorch Kyle Quincey and Scott Hannan, so we might have to pump the brakes just a tad. Anyway, the Hawks will have to watch this kid closely. He's got a wicked release, so gap control when he's on the rush is paramount.
But it's that returning the whole team that I take some issue with. Because that means that Barret Jackman, who they could have let walk in the summer and I think we all assumed they would because why would you keep them around unless you lost a bar bet, has to skate significant minutes. How far you're going with that? So does Ian Cole or Roman Polak. Or maybe even the newly-signed Wade Redden will have to, and frankly I'll die like the weasels in Roger Rabbit if that happens. If the NHL is serious about upping the scrutiny on interference this year, this group will struggle. They took eight penalties yesterday, for example.
Oh, same team means same level of intelligence too. And by that I mean this team still has dead termites for brains. This newly discovered “movement on the power play” the Hawks have been toying with the past two games will certainly get more outings tonight.
The drill is a familiar one. Leddy, Keith, and Hjalmarsson will have to maintain their composure as the Blues repeatedly put pucks behind them and then turn into ICBMs into the end boards. Calm, measured breakouts instead of panic will see the Hawks firing at a very slow defense with speed, which is all we want. Cash in a power play or two, you know you'll get them. Sit through Bollig and Reaves fighting, don't get too angry with the meatheads telling you that's what it's all about. Repeat.
In this short of a season, even two points in the third game is pretty important. Especially when it's over the team you're probably competing with most directly.
South Korea will likely buy European long-range air-to-surface cruise missiles by 2014. Launched from the air above Daejeon, the Taurus KEPD 350s could hit an underground bunker in Pyongyang with precision.
A military officer said Wednesday price negotiations with Taurus Systems, a German-Swedish joint venture, will start soon since the missile has found favor with the brass here.
The Taurus would be the first strategic weapon Seoul has imported from Europe rather than the U.S.
The only long-range missiles in the Air Force's inventory are 40-odd SLAM-ER missiles with a range of 278 km, which were made by Boeing. An Air Force officer said, "We urgently need more long-range air-to-surface missiles due to the mounting nuclear threat and the increasing possibility of provocations from North Korea."
The Taurus has a range of 500 km. Launched from South Korean airspace that is not under threat from North Korean surface-to-air missiles, they could hit strategic targets like nuclear and missile bases in the rear with precision.
The country is expected to buy about 200 of them, to be mounted on F-15K or KF-16 fighter jets.
The Taurus has a dual-stage "blast/fragmentation" and/or "penetrator" warhead capable of penetrating up to 6 m of reinforced concrete. It is very accurate: despite a range of hundreds of kilometers, it has an error rate of a mere 2 to 3 m.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Defense Department said it has deployed another Aegis destroyer, the USS Decatur, to waters near the Korean Peninsula to guard against possible North Korean provocations.
Like the U SS McCain, which was dispatched here earlier, the Decatur is an Arleigh Burke-class Aegis destroyer armed with SM-3 and Tomahawk cruise missiles that can intercept incoming ballistic missiles. It arrived in the western Pacific to "perform a missile defense mission," U.S. Defense Department spokesperson George Little said.
Danny Wilson: Agreed to take pay cut to stay at Tynecastle
Hearts' ongoing administration means new players cannot be signed, but Wilson was registered at Tynecastle when they arrived on an initial loan deal from Liverpool in January.
The defender's contract at Anfield has now expired, and a statement on the Hearts website confirmed a permanent deal has gone through.
The statement read: "As the 21-year-old is already registered with the club there is no restriction on their move."
Wilson has joined three senior players in agreeing to a pay cut, and manager Gary Locke said: "I am really pleased.
"Danny was already due to be part of the team and the administration has made no difference to their status.
"I appreciate that there have been some difficult decisions made regarding player redundancies.
"But given that Danny has agreed to a wage cut and is happy to be playing for Hearts, this gives us an opportunity to improve the team for the forthcoming season so why wouldn't we jump at the chance to have them on our side?"
PARIS — I read the news about the passage of the House health care bill a continent away, on assignment in Europe. The distance did nothing to lift the weight on my heart, as the parent of a child with a pre-existing condition.
More than 20 years ago, when I sat keening in a hospital anteroom, after the scans and the somber looks and the clueless young intern who told me they would go home and cry for us, my family and I joined the ranks of the unlucky. A rare disease, a grim prognosis, a suffering child. May those who passed this bill never know what it is like to sleep and wake every day with an anvil pressed against your chest, tasting the terror, pushing it away so that you can comfort and care for both the sick and the well in your family.
First you endure the treatments harsh enough to kill, then the surgeries, the hospitalizations, the agonizing wait for the daily test scores, the frantic consultations with doctors and residents.
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues.
A day after Afghanistan's president stridently criticized United States military tactics in Afghanistan, the US general in charge of international troops there has hit back. Gen. David Petraeus told officials Sunday that President Hamid Karzai's remarks threaten to undermine the war in Afghanistan.
The war of words puts the differences between Mr. Karzai and the US in sharp focus just days before the Obama administration will present its plan for transferring security responsibilities from coalition soldiers to the Afghan military and security forces. It also comes as 30,000 additional US soldiers have recently arrived in Afghanistan as part of a new US strategy there.
Meanwhile, Reuters reports that five NATO soldiers were killed in clashes with insurgents Sunday, while Agence France-Presse reports nine security guards and an Afghan police officer were killed Monday in a Taliban rocket attack. This is already the deadliest year for foreign troops in the nine-year Afghanistan war, with 645 international troops killed, according to icasualties.org.
Karzai's criticism of the US military, made during an interview with The Washington Post, was published Sunday. They said that the US must reduce its operations in Afghanistan, and they particularly criticized how US Special Operations conduct nighttime raids on Afghan homes. They told the paper that the long-term presence of coalition forces in Afghanistan would make the situation worse, and troops should stay on their bases and be less intrusive.
"The time has come to reduce military operations," they told the Post. "The time has come to reduce the presence of, you know, boots in Afghanistan ... to reduce the intrusiveness into the daily Afghan life."
General Petraeus responded the same day, telling Afghan officials that Karzai's comments risked making their position “untenable,” and they expressed “astonishment and disappointment,” reports the Post. Petraeus considers the night raids key to counterinsurgency strategy, and, the Post reports in a separate article, “key to their hopes of being able to show significant progress when the White House reviews the situation in Afghanistan next month.”
"I think it's [Karzai's] directness that really sticks in the craw," another NATO official said. "He is standing 180 degrees to what is a central tenet of our current campaign plan." "It's pretty clear that you no longer have a reliable partner in Kabul," the official added. "I think we tried to paper it over with [Karzai's] Washington visit" in May. "But the wheels have been becoming looser and looser ... since that."
The National Journal reports that two US senators also voiced strong disapproval of Karzai's assessment. Sen. John McCain (R) of Arizona said "Hamid Karzai is reflecting their desire to survive, also a degree of paranoia,” while Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) of South Carolina said they were “stunned.”
The Associated Press reports that NATO officials thought they had received assurances that Karzai supported the coalition's strategy, although the Post quotes officials in Washington who said the remarks are “not a surprise.” Karzai has criticized the night raids before.
Karzai's spokesperson, attempting to downplay the remarks, said they did not represent a critique of “overall strategy” and that Karzai has been “very clear about their confidence in Gen. Petraeus,” reports the AP.
The New York Times reports that the US plan to begin transferring security to Afghans, which it will unveil at a two-day NATO conference in Lisbon starting Friday, “will reflect the most concrete vision for transition in Afghanistan assembled by civilian and military officials since President Obama took office last year.”
The president set July 2011 as the date when the transition and withdrawal of US troops will begin, but has lately been emphasizing the 2014 target for complete combat withdrawal.
Court refuses to block Berkeley law requiring cell phone warnings
A man talks on their phone while walking past an AT&T store on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, Calif. on Saturday, July 12, 2014. An appeals court on Wednesday, March 23, 2016, allowed a Berkeley law requiring customers to be told of potential radiation dangers in carrying cell phones too close to the body. less A man talks on their phone while walking past an AT&T store on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, Calif. on Saturday, July 12, 2014. An appeals court on Wednesday, March 23, 2016, allowed a Berkeley law requiring ... more Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Court refuses to block Berkeley law requiring cell phone warnings 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
A federal appeals court denied a request Wednesday by cell phone companies to halt enforcement of a Berkeley ordinance requiring retailers to tell customers that carrying switched-on phones next to their bodies might expose them to radiation levels above federal guidelines.
A federal judge had allowed the ordinance to take effect Jan. 25, rejecting arguments by CTIA-The Wireless Association that the city was violating retailers' free-speech rights by requiring them to communicate a message they opposed.
CTIA asked the U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco for a stay while it appealed the ruling, but a court panel refused Wednesday on a 2-1 vote.
The measure requires sellers to notify customers that the Federal Communications Commission sets radiation guidelines for cell phones and that a user may be exposed to levels that exceed those guidelines by carrying a phone in a pocket or tucked into a bra when the device is connected to a wireless network.
The ordinance originally also required the notice to state that “this potential risk is greater for children,” but the City Council removed that language after U.S. District Judge Edward Chen ruled in September that it was not based on the federal standards but was a matter of scientific debate.
Their ruling blocked the entire ordinance from taking effect. But in January, Chen allowed the city to start enforcing the narrowed warning about carrying switched-on cell phones and said it was consistent with FCC research and guidelines.
They said Berkeley was not violating the free-speech rights of CTIA and its members, who remain free to criticize the message as long as they comply with the law.
In seeking a stay, the industry group told the appeals court that Berkeley's customer warning was “deliberately misleading and inflammatory” and would “create needless public anxiety about a product that is a part of consumers' everyday lives.”
Judges Milan Smith and Morgan Christen voted to keep the ordinance in effect during CTIA's appeal. Judge Carlos Bea dissented.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
The mighty Axl Rose sat down for their first television interview in two decades Wednesday night on Jimmy Kimmel Live!. Out to promote Guns N' Roses forthcoming Las Vegas residency, Axl initially appeared uncomfortable by the unfamiliar setting, responding to questions about their past with one or two word answers. As expected, the conversation became especially tense when the topics involved the band's original lineup.
“We're just a few minutes from your old rehearsal space, do you ever think about it when driving by?” “Not in a while.” “Do you remember it at all?” “Unfortunately.” They did, however, loosen up when the topic shifted to their annual Halloween party and more specifically their Halloween tree, which is exactly what you think it is.
Surprisingly, Axl really found their stride as they answered Twitter-submitted questions, poking fun at their cornrows and even their trademark punctuality. In fact, they even laughed along as Kimmel showed a picture of an Oscar Wilde quote hanging in their home which states, “Punctuality is the thief of time.” And doing their best Oprah impression, Axl ended their appearance by giving the audience tickets to the band's upcoming residency and, of course, gift certificates to a hamburger joint.
Since it'll probably be another 20 years before you see this sort of thing again, replay tonight's interview below.
Image caption Scotland's new single police force is to be operational next year
The body that will probe allegations against Scotland's single police force will have powers to be "more intrusive" than the current system.
The role of the Police Investigation and Review Commission (PIRC) has been set out in a paper to the Northern Joint Police Board.
Under the present system, allegations against officers are investigated by another force.
That system will disappear when Scotland's eight forces merge in 2013.
Northern Constabulary's deputy chief constable, Andy Cowie, has prepared the paper on the future structure of police standards and conduct for a meeting of the board's complaints sub committee.
Police board paper Document Link URL [85KB] Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
They said Scottish police would continue to maintain high standards and professionalism following the reforms.
PIRC will form part of that effort and investigate incidents such as deaths in custody, fatal road accidents involving police vehicles and serious criminal allegations against officers.
The commission will replace the current process where senior officers from another force are brought in to investigate serious incidents and allegations.
In their paper, Mr Cowie said: "The PIRC will have the authority to be more intrusive with a remit to undertake the independent investigation into critical incidents and allegations of serious crime."
They added: "Work is currently being undertaken through a government-led project to establish the role and structure of the PIRC."
The new single force will be an amalgamation of Scotland's eight existing forces. It is due to be up-and-running from April next year.
Once it is operational, it will be the second largest force in the UK with more than 17,000 officers.
A new research showed that Scripting languages, in general, give birth to more security vulnerabilities in web applications, which raised concerns over potential security bugs in millions of websites.
State of Software Security: Focus on Application Development report ( The app security firm Veracode has released itsreport ( PDF ), analyzing more than 200,000 separate applications from October 1, 2013, through March 31, 2015.
Also Read: A Step-by-Step Guide — How to Install Free SSL Certificate On Your Website The security researchers crawled popular web scripting languages including PHP, Java, JavaScript, Ruby, .NET, C and C++, Microsoft Classic ASP, Android, iOS, and COBOL, scanning hundreds of thousands of applications over the last 18 months.
Researchers found that PHP – and less popular Web development languages Classic ASP and ColdFusion – are the riskiest programming languages for the Internet, while Java and .NET are the safest.
Here's the Top 10 List:
The Veracode research report used a unique metric, Flaw Density per MB, which means the number of security bugs in each MB of source code.
Here's the list of unlucky winners:
Classic ASP – 1,686 flaws/MB (1,112 critical)
ColdFusion – 262 flaws/MB (227 critical)
PHP – 184 flaws/MB (47 critical)
Java – 51 flaws/MB (5.2 critical)
.NET - 32 flaws/MB (9.7 critical)
C++ – 26 flaws/MB (8.8 critical)
iOS – 23 flaws/MB (0.9 critical)
Android – 11 flaws/MB (0.4 critical)
JavaScript - 8 flaws/MB (0.09 critical)
Web Apps in PHP are Most Vulnerable, Here's Why:
PHP, which is on third, is actually leading the ranking because ColdFusion is a high-end niche tool and Classic ASP is almost dead.
Taking a closer look at PHP:
86% of applications written in PHP contained at least one cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability.
56% of apps included SQLi (SQL injection), which is one of the dangerous and easy-to-exploit web application vulnerabilities.
67% of apps allowed for directory traversal.
61% of apps allowed for code injection.
58% of apps had problems with credentials management
73% of apps contained cryptographic issues.
50% allowed for information leakage.
From above issues, SQLi and XSS are among the Open Web Application Security Project's (OWASP) Top 10 most critical web application security risks.
SQL injection bugs – which allow hackers to directly interact with a Web site's database – are the ones that have been blamed for the massive data breaches at kiddie – which allow hackers to directly interact with a Web site's database – are the ones that have been blamed for the massive data breaches at kiddie toymaker VTech and telecom firm TalkTalk
According to the report, the risk size of the above vulnerabilities can be measured by the volume of PHP apps developed for the Top 3 CMS (Content Management Systems) – WordPress, Drupal and Joomla – that represent over 70% of the CMS market.
Choose Your Scripting Language Wisely
Less than a quarter of Java applications contain SQL injection flaws, compared to more than three-quarters of those applications written in PHP.
"When organizations are starting new development projects and selecting languages and methodologies, the security team has an opportunity to anticipate the types of vulnerabilities that are likely to arise and how best to test for them," Veracode's CTO Chris Wysopal advised.
In this July 26, 2017 photo, Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo. watches at left as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tafter the Senate voted on health care legislation. Republican hopes for repealing and replacing President Barack Obama's health care law are still twitching in Congress, though barely. It's among several health issues lawmakers face when they return from summer recess, even as fights over the budget and helping Texas recover from Hurricane Harvey grab center stage. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republican hopes for repealing and replacing former President Barack Obama's health care law are still twitching in Congress, though barely.
Leaders lack the votes to pass something and face a fresh obstacle — the Senate parliamentarian ruled Friday that Republicans only have the ability to dismantle the law with 51 votes until the end of the month.
It's among several health issues lawmakers face when they return from summer recess, even as fights over the budget and helping Texas recover from Hurricane Harvey grab center stage.
WHEN WE LEFT OFF IN LATE JULY
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., tried to push three plans through their chamber erasing the 2010 law called Obamacare. Republican defections denied them the 50 votes needed, with Vice President Mike Pence ready to seal victory with a tie-breaking vote.
The excruciating last roll call failed 51-49. Three Republicans voted “no,” one more than McConnell could afford to lose. President Donald Trump used August to insult McConnell for that flop, even suggesting they might need to relinquish their leadership post, inflaming tensions between the White House and congressional Republicans and lacerating party unity.
_____
OBAMACARE REPEAL MEETS THE PARLIAMENTARIAN
Republicans have used a procedure that's prevented Democrats from killing the health bill by filibuster. It takes 60 votes to defeat a filibuster. Without that special step, Republicans controlling the Senate 52-48 would need support from eight Democrats to repeal Obamacare, impossible given unanimous Democratic opposition.
The safeguard against filibusters was included in a budget for the government's 2017 fiscal year that Republicans pushed through Congress in January.
That protection expires at the end of September, the Senate's nonpartisan parliamentarian, Elizabeth MacDonough, has ruled. That's when the fiscal year ends.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., the ranking member of the Budget Committee, said in light of the ruling, “we need to work together to expand, not cut, health care for millions of Americans who desperately need it.”
That leaves Republicans with only September to nurture their slim repeal hopes unless the GOP-run chamber votes to overrule them
___
A LAST REPEAL PUSH
This repeal push comes from GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Louisiana's Bill Cassidy and Nevada's Dean Heller.
They've proposed funneling Obamacare's federal dollars directly to states and erasing its requirements that people buy coverage and companies offer it to employees. They'd cut and reshape Medicaid, halt Obama subsidies that reduce consumers' out-of-pocket costs and repeal the tax on some medical devices.
GOP aides say the proposal is evolving.
There's no sign sponsors have enough Republicans to prevail and McConnell hasn't been publicly encouraging. Further reducing its chances, lawmakers need September to prevent a damaging federal default and a government shutdown, help Texas recover from Harvey and craft a GOP tax overhaul.
“If people can show me 50 votes for anything that would make progress on that, I'll turn back to it,” McConnell said in early August of repealing Obamacare.
___
A BIPARTISAN TRY
The brightest hope comes from Senate health committee chairperson Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Washington state Sen. Patty Murray, that panel's top Democrat. They're seeking a deal on continuing federal payments to insurance companies who reduce costs for lower-earning customers.
Even this will be uphill.
Obama's law requires the cost reductions and government subsidies to insurers, but a court has ruled Congress hasn't legally authorized the payments. Obama and Trump have continued them, but Trump keeps threatening to stop, calling them an insurance company bailout. Many conservatives agree.
Yet those payments are a priority for Democrats and many Republicans. They and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office say halting the subsidies will force insurers to boost premiums for millions.
In exchange, Republicans want to revise parts of Obama's law. They've suggested making it easier for insurers to avoid some Obama coverage requirements or steps like curbing lawsuits against health care providers.
Alexander wants to extend the insurers' subsidies for one year while Democrats want two years or more. Another hurdle: Democrats have little interest in relaxing Obama's law.
“Nobody is going to put their fingerprints on sustaining Obamacare without some sort of reform element,” Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla., said of Republicans.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Funding for the popular Children's Health Insurance Program expires Sept. 30. It provided health care to more than 8 million low-income children in 2015.
Democrats and most Republicans want to extend the program and success seems likely. First they must compromise on details like how many years to finance it and at what levels.
Washington pays for most of the federal-state program, and in recent years the federal share was bumped up by 23 percent for each state. Many Republicans want to phase out that boost, but Democrats are resisting.
Some Republicans say Congress needn't act by Sept. 30 because states have enough money to continue coverage. Democrats and program advocates say without fresh funds by September's end, some states would be forced to make cuts to wind down services.
___
AP congressional correspondent Erica Werner contributed to this report.
The managing partner of Funstradt and bitcoin bull Thomas Lee has identified stocks that could gain on the back of Bitcoin price rises, transaction activity and Bitcoin mining. According to Lee, holding an equal-weighted basket of these stocks will offer a 135% return. Although some of these stocks are small companies and thinly traded, they could prove to be wise and worthwhile investments as Bitcoin continues to grow:MGT Capital Investments (MGTI) - a Bitcoin miner which is owned by McAfee, operating out of Washington. MGTI is leasing farmers' utility rights in order to get power at wholesale cost. Hive Blockchain Technologies (HIVE. Canada) and U.S. Global Investors (GROW) - Bitcoin mining uses a lot of electricity, and both of these companies conduct their mining operations in Iceland, a country where the cost of electricity is low. Digitalx (DCC.Australia) - an advisory and blockchain consultant. Cboe Global Markets (CBOE), CME Group (CME), and Goldman Sachs (GS) - all of these stocks are companies that benefit from transaction activity. CME and CBOE are introducing Bitcoin futures, and as early adopters, they will be in a great position to capitalise on bitcoin's rising popularity. Lee described Goldman Sachs as a "first mover" in Bitcoin futures, ahead of the game in this respect compared to the other large investment banks and Wall Street firms.Nvidia (NVDA) and AMD (AMD) - both of these hardware giants are market leaders in producing the graphics processing units or GPU card producers used for token mining. Mining Bitcoin depends on the use of specialized chips, and as blockchain grows and transactions rise, Bitcoin miners will need more and more GPUs to meet demand. Overstock (OSTK) and Square (SQ) - Overstock Medici Ventures is a blockchain retailer which allows Bitcoin as a legitimate method of payment, while Square recently announced that it would accept users buying and selling with Bitcoin. So, there you have it - 12 ways to play the Bitcoin game, without actually purchasing any of the cryptocurrency!
Image copyright Central News Image caption Monika Juneja admitted faking qualifications and pretending to be a barrister
A former councillor who pretended to be a barrister to boost their career potential has been sentenced.
Monika Juneja, 36, forged a degree to secure a place at law school and after failing the course, falsified documents to suggest they were competent in law.
They admitted forgery, obtaining pecuniary advantage by deception and wilfully pretending to be a barrister.
At the Old Bailey Juneja, of Doverfield Road, Guildford, was given a 14-month jail sentence suspended for two years.
Kate Wilkinson, prosecuting, said Juneja had used the false qualifications to climb the career ladder and improve their social standing.
After securing a job with Bromley Council, they used it as a "springboard" to work with councils in London and Brighton and Hove, the court heard.
'Status and success'
Juneja was exposed by some of their constituents in Guildford, where they were a cabinet member for planning on the borough council, after they looked into their background when they backed plans for hundreds of homes in the area.
Judge Gerald Gordon said: "I am satisfied you yourself wanted the status and the prospect of success and advancement that it would bring."
They acknowledged part of their initial motivation was parental pressure to do well.
The court heard at least one council has rechecked their work for any legal errors.
Juneja was arrested in May and did not stand for re-election that month.
Howard Godfrey QC, defending, said: "She has suffered because... they are the victim of a witch hunt in Guildford as a result of planning policy which they were seeking to put forward."
"Plainly they have behaved improperly and plainly they have committed a number of criminal offences," they said.
Juneja was also ordered to complete 200 hours of community service.
While I disagree, Washington Post media reporter Erik Wemple wasn't convinced Tuesday that the Breitbart News story about a CNN report on Muslim “no go zones” (originally found by Red State's Erick Erickson) was much of a smoking gun proving the left-wing network's partisan dishonesty. To Wemple's eternal credit, though, their reporting did not end there.
Wemple dug deeper and found even more egregious examples of CNN anchors and guests reporting on the existence of Muslim “no go zones” in Europe. And in two pieces published since, Wemple blistered the network over its hypocrisy and dishonesty.
In a piece titled, “CNN, too, trafficked in ‘no-go zone' chatter” Wemple uncovered about a half-dozen examples of CNN's star anchors and numerous guests talking about Muslim “no-go zones” as fact. Keep in mind this is the same CNN that spent two days hammering Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal for mentioning these very same “no-go zones” in a speech Monday.
According to Wemple, as recently as last month, CNN anchors Chris Cuomo and Wolf Blitzer discussed “no go zones” in Paris as a fact of life. That same night, a guest on Anderson Cooper's primetime CNN show talked of “751 ‘no go zones' in France” and 55 more in Sweden. Cooper later spoke to another guest about these “no go zones.” The “no go zone” talk on CNN continued for the next two days surrounding coverage of the Charlie Hebdo massacre.
In a second piece titled, “CNN again hammers Fox News over ‘no-go zones,' with a touch of hypocrisy,” Wemple points out that CNN is “bashing” Fox News over its reporting of “no go zones” without disclosing that CNN “relied on analysts who said pretty much exactly what some of the commentators on Fox News were saying.”
Wemple also takes CNN media reporter Brian Stelter to task for criticizing Fox News while downplaying CNN's own guilt of doing the exact same thing:
Credit Stelter for mentioning that CNN had alluded to the “no-go zones,” but a heavier disclosure of CNN's references was in order.
Here's the shady Stelter quote in question:
This idea of ‘no-go zones,' this idea has been largely discredited but it has been popular in right-wing media. Sometimes you hear it brought up on CNN as well and elsewhere as well. It's a topic that deserves more reporting. I think one of the issues for Fox was, they were talking a lot about it with talking heads; they weren't actually reporting on it. They weren't going to these neighborhoods in Paris.
CNN's half-dozen citations two months ago and a full-blown news report two years ago apparently qualify as “right-wing media” to Stelter — who has had a high-old time bashing Fox. Moreover, Stelter poses as an objective media reporter.
What this all boils down to, is CNN doing what it does best: lying about others committing acts of racism.
CNN is shamelessly attacking Bobby Jindal and Fox News for doing exactly what CNN did.
Moreover, Fox News has apologized numerous times for its “no go zone” reporting. Fox News made a mistake and made it right. CNN, on the other hand, has not apologized, is bashing Fox News for doing the same thing CNN did, and is currently lying to its viewers about its own role in the “no go zone” talk.
Note: Despite what the liars at CNN would have you believe, the debate over the existence of Muslim “no go zones” is far from settled. If CNN told me water was wet I'd ask for a second opinion.
John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
Duch (centre) ran the Tuol Sleng jail, known as a 'killing machine'
The UN-backed court is hearing a bail request from Kang Kek Ieu, or Duch, the former head of a notorious prison.
Duch was the first of five senior Khmer Rouge officials to be arrested and charged by the court.
More than a million people are thought to have died during the four years of Khmer Rouge rule between 1975 and 1979.
Tribunal spokesperson Peter Foster described the hearing as a "milestone" for the court, which was set up last year after decades of wrangling.
"It's a big day," they said. "The spotlight will now be on Cambodia."
'Sense of relief'
Duch, who is now in their 60s, was driven to the court from a nearby detention centre, where they have been held since their arrest in July.
WHO WERE THE KHMER ROUGE? Maoist regime that ruled Cambodia from 1975-1979 Founded and led by Pol Pot, (above) who died in 1998 Abolished religion, schools and currency in a bid to create agrarian utopia Brutal regime that did not tolerate dissent More than a million people thought to have died from starvation, overwork or execution
Trial raises hope of justice Brutal Khmer Rouge regime
Three decades ago, they ran Tuol Sleng jail in Phnom Penh, where thousands of people were tortured and executed by the Khmer Rouge regime.
Lawyers for the elderly ex-leader are appealing for bail on the grounds that they were held without charge under the jurisdiction of another court for eight years.
Proceedings inside the small chamber were broadcast to hundreds of people - journalists and ordinary Cambodians - outside in the court's compound.
The BBC's Guy De Launey, in Phnom Penh, says that the former Khmer Rouge jailer is unlikely to be released, but their appearance in court shows the tribunal is finally moving forward.
Co-prosecutor Robert Petit told the BBC the bail hearing would allow the people to see that justice was being done.
"I hope that it will provide Cambodians with a certain sense of relief that the process is ongoing and is transparent, or as transparent as it can be."
Fifty-five year old Chhouek Sao, who lost five family members to the regime, said they wanted justice.
"It's obvious that justice has been delayed and some people are so frustrated by waiting for so long," they told the French news agency AFP.
Five senior Khmer Rouge officials are now in the custody of the tribunal.
On Monday, former head of state Khieu Samphan was formally charged with committing crimes against humanity.
Pol Pot's second-in-command Nuon Chea and the former foreign and social affairs ministers Ieng Sary and Ieng Thirith are also facing charges.
Their trials are expected to begin next year.
CLOSE Mine employees and officials talk about the possible closure of the Kayenta Mine. Mark Henle/azcentral.com
Navajo Generating Station near Page. (Photo: Mark Henle/The Republic) Story Highlights Power lines from the Navajo Generating Station could be used for solar and wind
Energy experts discussed how the lines could be used when the coal plant eventually closes
The plant could close as soon as this summer or in 2019
Large transmission lines used to move electricity from the Navajo Generating Station could be a major advantage for developing solar or wind projects in the Four Corners region should the coal plant close, energy experts said Tuesday.
The coal plant near Page could close as early as this year or stay open through 2019, when the current owners have said they will no longer operate it. There is a remote chance new buyers could run the plant beyond then, but so far no proposal along those lines has been made public.
When the 2,250-megawatt coal plant shuts down, it will leave major power lines in the region underused, and utilities that own the lines would have the opportunity to take power from renewable-energy projects that could be built in the area, officials said.
“This is clearly a historic opportunity,” said Jessie Audette Muniz, senior director of project development for Apex Clean Energy, which has worked on solar and wind projects in the West. “It is certainly an interesting opportunity for the industry and for supporters of clean energy in general."
Audette Muniz participated in a conference call on the subject sponsored by Interwest Energy Alliance, Northern Arizona University and Utah Clean Energy.
Many opponents of coal-fired power plants have suggested renewable-energy projects to help replace the jobs, lease payments and economic contributions the coal plant and Kayenta Mine make to the northern Arizona communities, which is substantial. More than 800 people work at the plant and mine, mostly members of the Navajo and Hopi tribes.
While it is unlikely a single solar, wind or combination development could replace the money that the tribes and employees earn from the coal operations, officials said such developments should not be ignored.
When the coal plant eventually retires, renewable energy offers the best alternative in the region, Audette Muniz said.
“It would also create revenue from lease payments, community benefits, and has a low-resource impact in a region that has been very severely impacted by coal generation,” they said. “There is no water use and no waste production.”
READ MORE:
Interior secretary focuses on Navajo coal plant
Peabody seeking buyer for troubled coal plant
Need for renewable energy
The coal plant is owned by Salt River Project, Arizona Public Service Co., NV Energy, Tucson Electric Power and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Those entities, as well as former owner the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, also own the transmission lines coming from the coal plant, said Charlie Reinhold, a planning manager with regional power organization WestConnect.
“The transmission system is separate from generation (the power plant),” they said. “The existing owners will continue to own those transmission assets. LADWP continues to be an owner of the elements of the transmission system at Navajo even though they have relinquished ownership in the plant.”
California utilities face greater requirements to supply renewable energy than those in Arizona, which means the Los Angeles ownership of the transmission lines presents an opportunity for solar or wind to help that utility meet its goals, said Amanda Ormond, a representative of the Four Corners Wind Resource Center and Interwest Energy Alliance.
“I do think there is great potential to serve renewable energy to LADWP because of their ownership shares of this transmission,” they said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Business Morning News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest local and national business headlines, delivered in the morning. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Business Morning News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Ormond last week addressed the board members of the Central Arizona Project, which is the single largest power user in the state, taking the Bureau of Reclamation's share of the coal plant and using it to pump water in a massive canal from the Colorado River to Phoenix and Tucson.
“It also makes tremendous sense to serve the CAP, SRP, APS and all the owners with renewable energy,” they said. “The only resource available in that area is wind and solar.”
Of course, the coal plant could find new owners to step in and run the plant beyond 2019, but those prospects seem unlikely, considering the current owners have said it is cheaper for them to buy power from natural-gas plants than to run the coal plant.
Mine owner Peabody Energy has disputed those claims and said the plant could be profitable under new ownership, but a report by Moody's Investors Service released Monday said "market dynamics have challenged the competitiveness of coal-fired generation."
The report said coal plants on the East Coast and Midwest face substantial debt and competition from natural-gas plants.
Moody's analyst Jennifer Chang wrote that several coal plants in that market could face early retirement because they are running at such a low capacity. The report didn't address the Navajo Generating Station but reflected similar market trends serving as headwinds for that plant.
READ MORE:
Tribe wants Trump to subsidize mine, power plant
Feds seek ideas to keep Arizona coal plant open
Arizona coal mine, power plant lifeline for Hopi
Officials: Water users better off without Navajo plant
Utilities vote to close Navajo coal plant in 2019
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2q5itxq
It was a boring Saturday evening when I was curled up on my bed with my laptop set on Netflix's homepage and a cup of tea besides me; I was desperate for a new show to pick up after finishing "Gossip Girl" for the second time. One icon caught my eye — the show was labeled “Jane the Virgin,” which made me think, “Hmm, must be one of those overly-cheesy sitcoms with no overarching theme.” But what if I was wrong? Don't judge a book, or show, in this case, by its cover or Netflix description is a saying for a reason right? So, I watched the first episode, then the second, then the third, and the fourth, and the fifth. Before I knew it, I'd finished the entire first season in a matter of two days. So what made me fall so in love with a show that I'd originally written off as unoriginal and corny? Here are four reasons why “Jane the Virgin” is one of the most successful and wholesome shows ever:
1. The women in the leading roles are all single mothers who raised/are raising wonderful kids.
How often do we see that on TV? Jane's abuela traveled all the way to the United States just to give their daughter a better life, and the daughter, Xiomara, in turn, gave birth to and raised Jane despite their young age. One could only imagine that Jane would have the best support system to raise little Mateo. Additionally, the show passes the Bechdel test with ease, meaning that there is at least two women discussing something besides a man and are named, which happens just as often as boy-talk on “Jane the Virgin.”
2. Rogelio. Enough Said.
If you were anything like me, you were more than a little cautious when Rogelio wanted to come back into Jane's life in the first season after leaving pregnant, teenage Xo 23 years prior. But their continued efforts to make up for the time they missed with Jane and being an incredibly supportive father despite their busy schedule as a successful telenovela star landed them a spot as one of the most beloved characters on the show. Plus, their bromance with Jane's on then off on again fiance Michael is beyond adorable.
3. Jane constantly chooses their son and themselves over any man.
They choose to go to grad school, work on their writing, spend their time with Mateo and their family, all over dealing with the messy love triangle with men in their life. Whether you're team Rafael or Michael (clearly the best choice is Michael, just saying), you can agree with me that the team all fans are on is team Jane. Them priorities are solid and they know what's important to her, and for that, I admire them
4. The cast is incredibly diverse.
Jane's Villanueva family moved from Venezuela before their mother Xiomara was born, and their abuela made sure to preserve the culture as much as possible, as shown whenever they speak in Spanish and Jane responds in English, something children of immigrants like me can totally relate to. There's no “token ______” character on the show, which makes the diversity and acceptance of all kinds of people feel natural and life-like, not forced as it often feels in other TV shows.
Remixer Of The Year Awards Voting 2019
Did you know? You can also nominate artists and tracks directly from the voting box.
How to?
Vote for the best of each category. The lists are unlimited, and they extend as you add entries. During the year you might stumble upon more and more candidates you think worthy for this list - you can return to this page to supplement/review your votes anytime. All entries receive equal scores, so the list order does not matter. This was different before 2015.
Entering text into the forms will drop down a lookup list. This will help you find your desired mix or arranger promptly. Choosing your entry directly from the drop-down will also make sure that your entry is valid. Valid entries are marked 'ok', invalid entries are marked '?' and do not go into the results. Use the icons to delete an entry or to move it up and down in the list. Note that voting requires that you have JavaScript enabled.
Voting will be available until Sunday, 19th January 2020
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption One of football's most influential powerbrokers - now accused of decades of corruption
US extradition proceedings against Jack Warner, a former vice-president of football's world governing body Fifa, are to go ahead after being approved by Trinidad's attorney general.
The US wants to try Mr Warner, 72, a Trinidadian national, on corruption charges.  They are accused of accepting millions of dollars in bribes.
They and 13 other current or former Fifa officials were indicted in May.
They deny the charges and is currently fighting the extradition attempt.
Last week, Switzerland approved the extradition of ex-Fifa Vice-President Eugenio Figueredo to the US.
Mr Figueredo, from Uruguay, was arrested in May while in Switzerland for a Fifa congress.
So far, only one arrested official - former Fifa Vice-President Jeffrey Webb, from the Cayman Islands - has agreed to be extradited.
After being extradited from Switzerland to the US, Mr Webb pleaded not guilty to accepting bribes worth millions of dollars in connection with the sale of marketing rights.
They were placed under house arrest on $10m (£6.4m) bail by a New York judge.
The king of Caribbean football
As the head of the Caribbean and North and Central American football (Concacaf), Mr Warner was one the most powerful men in world football.
Their support was seen as essential for any World Cup host bid. However, they have been dogged by allegations of corruption.
The US alleges that Mr Warner has been involved in corrupt practices for more than two decades.
Mr Warner's case has been adjourned until Friday due to a legal dispute over a technicality.
In June 2015, a BBC investigation found evidence of bribes paid to Mr Warner.
Jack Warner: The US charge sheet
Accused of racketeering, wire fraud, money laundering, bribery
From the early 1990s, they allegedly "began to leverage their influence and exploit their official positions for personal gain"
Allegedly accepted a $10m bribe from South African officials in return for voting to award them the 2010 World Cup
Allegedly bribed officials with envelopes each containing $40,000 in cash; when one demurred, they allegedly said: "There are some people here who think they are more pious than thou. If you're pious, open a church, friends. Our business is our business"
Jack Warner: Controversial ex-Fifa chief
Who are the indicted officials?
Fifa in crisis - Special Reports
What's in the Fifa indictment?
A new report suggests that David Brock—a longtime political hitman for the Clintons and an all-around scuzzbag—is running a gigantic scam with their non-profit enterprises.
The report, which was compiled by The Citizen Audit's Andrew Kerr and posted at Zero Hedge, accuses Brock of using their Super PACs and non-profit organizations as a money laundering scheme. Kerr provides a summary example of what exactly occurs when someone donates money to one of Brock's organizations:
1. Media Matters would receive your $1,062,857 donation The Bonner Group would earn a $132,857 commission
Media Matters would retain $930,000 2. Next, Media Matters would give what's left of your entire donation, $930,000, to the Franklin Education Forum The Bonner Group would ‘earn' a $116,250 commission
The Franklin Education Forum would retain $813,750 3. The Franklin Education Forum would then forward the remaining $813,750 to The Franklin Forum The Bonner Group would ‘earn' a $101,718 commission
The Franklin Forum would retain $712,031 In the end, Brock's solicitor would have pocketed $350,825, almost a third of your initial donation! That's a far cry from the advertised 12.5% commission.
In pouring through various documents that are posted in the piece, Kerr explained how the following money transfers were conducted between Brock's organizations in 2014:
Media Matters for America raised $10,021,1888 that year, through the work of the Bonner Group. Media Matters paid them $1,147,882.
Media Matters gave The Franklin Education Forum $930,000–93.6 percent of donations to the organization. The Franklin Education Forum then reimbursed the Bonner Group with a commission of $124,250 for raising the money for them.
The Franklin Education Forum gave $816,224 to The Franklin Forum.
The common thread: with the exception of the Bonner Group, these organizations are all chaired by Brock and even share the same phone number.
But notice all the commission paid to the Bonner Group: they are Brock's "unregistered Professional Solicitor" that receives 12.5 percent in commission "every time money is moved." The Bonner Group—which has some serious registration issues—actually resides in Brock's office space and their president, Mary Pat Bonner, reportedly "shares a summer rental in the Hamptons" with Brock.
Kerr also points to reports highlighting William Grey, Brock's former domestic partner, who "threatened to go to the IRS with damaging information about how Brock was running their Media Matters empire" and so Brock silenced them with $850,000 and had to "sell their home" to do so. Kerr believes this is evidence Brock was attempting to prevent their alleged money laundering from being discovered by the IRS.
The full report is worth a read, as it is meticulously sourced and documented. If what Kerr is alleging is accurate, it would not be out of character for Brock.
In The Daily Caller's expose of the inner workings of Media Matters, they documented how the organization routinely coordinates with the Obama administration, congressional members and various leftist groups to produce smear campaigns against conservatives and would get numerous media outlets from MSNBC to The Washington Post to use their material.
The report paints Brock as a vicious, paranoid man who could be "manic, very reckless and grandiose" and "abusive" towards their employees. Brock also reportedly surrounded themselves with armed bodyguards out of fear that "right-wing assassins" would shoot them with a sniper.
Radio host and constitutional scholar Mark Levin has called Media Matters a "criminal front group" due to their status as a nonprofit, meaning they have to be non-partisan. But of course, Media Matters is far from non-partisan, given the fact that Brock has admitted their goal is to circle the wagons around Hillary Clinton.
Sidney Blumenthal, Hillary's top weapon, also receives around $200,000 a year to consult Media Matters and Brock's other organizations.
Brock, like a good Clinton lackey, has a penchant for lying. As Timothy Noah wrote in a 2002 Slate article on Brock's book Blinded By The Right: The Conscience Of An Ex-Conservative, "The further one gets into Brock's book, the more one starts to suspect that Brock wasn't a liar for any larger cause, but simply … a liar." Noah goes onto cite numerous falsehoods in the book as well as moments where Brock admitted to lying to look out for himself.
Kerr's report about alleged money-laundering between Brock's organizations would certainly be consistent with Brock's sleazy past.
Some Jewish families light Shabbat candles every Friday night. That is authentic Reform Judaism. Some families rarely or never light Shabbat candles. That, too, is authentic Reform Judaism.
Reform Judaism is both a living religion and a vibrant culture. As Reform Jews, we are charged with using the Torah as a guide to living meaningful lives and making the world a better place. We carry out rituals and maintain traditions that add meaning to our lives. It's up to us to make informed, educated decisions about which rituals and traditions we will follow, both in our homes and in our synagogues.
As a result, some in our congregations keep strictly kosher houses, never eating non-kosher food outside the home. That's authentic Reform Judaism. Others cook and enjoy bacon cheeseburgers and other non-kosher fare. That's authentic Reform Judaism too.
Some say that “ethnic food” means corned beef and matzo ball soup; others prefer a little shrimp or stir-fried pork on their Passover rice. Both are authentic Reform Judaism.
What about holidays? Congregants build sukkot every year, host Passover sederim, light candles each night of Hanukkah, and fast on Yom Kippur. Well, some do. Other congregants never do any of these things, ever.
Some families observe one day of Rosh HaShanah and seven days of Passover; others follow two days of Rosh HaShanah and eight days of Passover. Each of these practices represents authentic Reform Judaism.
Do you come to Friday evening or Saturday morning services to observe a yahrzeit? Do you put on tefillin? Do you attend Torah study? If so, you are an authentic Reform Jew. If you don't know what tefillin are, you are still an authentic Reform Jew. Do you believe women should wear tallitot and read from the Torah? Some Reform Jews ascribe to this belief, others do not.
Do you trace your Jewish lineage in an unbroken line from great-grandmother to grandmother to mother to you? You are an authentic Reform Jew. Does your Jewish heritage come from your father only? Are you a Jew-by-choice? Each of you is an authentic Reform Jew.
Such diversity is our strength, and demonstrates just why Reform Judaism is the largest, fastest-growing Jewish denomination in North America.
In early December 2013, 5,000 Reform Jews attended the Union for Reform Judaism (URJ)'s Biennial Convention, gathering together to study, to pray, to teach, to learn, to share ideas, to get in touch with our spirituality, to celebrate, to hear from leaders of our Movement and our world, to sing, to dance, to worship, to inspire and to be inspired. The amazing Biennial—as it always does—celebrated the diversity of authentic Reform Judaism—both here in North America and throughout the world.
Over time, we have seen rituals come and go, traditions reinvented and reinterpreted. Constant change—the foundation of Reform Judaism—is here to stay. With it, we are free to re-evaluate of what works, what is meaningful, and what speaks to our collective minds, souls and spirits.
As a URJ board member, I'm privileged to attend worship services at Reform synagogues all over North America—from Berkeley to Boston, from Dallas to Denver, from Seattle to St. Petersburg, from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, from Portland to Phoenix, from Burlingame to Brooklyn.
We can see the diversity of Reform Judaism in our Movement's nearly 900 congregations, where, it seems, every possible practice can be found. Every shul is unique, yet we are all the same.
Some synagogues use Mishkan T'filah, some use Gates of Prayer, others use homemade siddurim. Every rabbi, every cantor, the music and the readings, the customs and the rituals—they're all unique, they're all the same. Most of all, each and every one is authentic Reform Judaism.
The onegs, the motzi, where the candles are lit, what's in the kiddush cup on the bima, the ways that members, leaders, young people and guests are engaged—it's all the same, it's all unique, and each demonstrates authentic Reform Judaism.
I am proud—and I hope you are, too—to be part of the most vibrant Jewish movement in North America. I am proud to be part of a movement that is authentic, organic, energetic, growing, engaging, advancing, evolving, and moving. Indeed, authentic Reform Judaism never stands still; it is, in fact, why we are a movement.
Alan Zeichick is a member of the North American board of the URJ, an overseer of the Los Angeles campus of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, and president of Peninsula Temple Sholom in Burlingame, CA.
Rock Paper Scissors Programming Competition
Although rock-paper-scissors (RPS) may seem like a trivial game, it actually involves the hard computational problem of temporal pattern recognition. This problem is fundamental to the fields of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data compression. In fact, it might even be essential to understanding how human intelligence works.
In the past there have been several RPS programming contests. A game released by the New York Times popularized the fact that a RPS AI can consistently beat human players. When playing several rounds of RPS against the same opponent, it is possible to try to predict what the opponent will do in order to gain an advantage. However, it is impossible to gain an advantage against an opponent who is playing completely randomly.
If playing randomly is the optimal strategy, what is the point of a RPS competition? It is actually possible to do much better than a random player when the contest involves non-random competitors. This is because a strong player can consistently beat predictable players, while a random player will win about half of its matches. This means that random players will tend to rank around the middle of a competition leaderboard, while strong players will consistently rank higher.
This website is intended to host an ongoing competition to rank RPS programs. All submissions must be made using the Python programming language. The source code for all submissions will be publicly viewable. You may make as many submissions as you like. May the best AI win!
Recent Submissions:
Highest Ranked Entries:
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
-Niels Bohr
(See Corrections and Amplifications item below.)
KENNESAW, Ga.—When Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman arrived here in June 1864, they wrote to their superiors, "The whole country is one vast fort."
Gen. Sherman and their 100,000 men encountered 65,000 Confederates dug in along 12 miles of earthworks at Kennesaw Mountain. After fierce fighting, the rebels retreated to nearby Atlanta. Several more battles ensued before Union forces took the city, dealing a crippling blow to the South.
Garrett Silliman points toward a rifle pit they found this month while using a GPS system in the woods of Smyrna, Ga. Josh D. Weiss for The Wall Street Journal
The detritus of war—bullets, uniforms, cannon shot, swords and, of course, corpses—was strewn across the region in the aftermath. Trenches, both intricate defenses built over weeks by engineers and shallow pits frantically dug by infantry under fire, snaked for miles.
Today, metro Atlanta—a land of expressways, subdivisions and shopping malls—has grown to about 5.7 million people, from about 10,000 in the 1860s. So it's easy to assume that evidence of the famous clash of armies has been obliterated except for that preserved in museums, parks and monuments.
That assumption is wrong, according to Garrett Silliman, a 36-year-old archaeologist for an environmental and land-use consulting firm. Mr. Silliman's employer, Edwards-Pitman Environmental Inc., has a contract with Cobb County and the Georgia Department of Transportation to identify battle sites to preserve—or at least excavate—before bulldozers plow them under.  They are hoping that as the 150th anniversary of the Civil War arrives this year, governments will take a renewed interest in preservation.
Battlefield archaeology is meticulous work. It takes years of education and mastery of sensitive equipment, including global positioning systems, ground-penetrating radar, advanced metal detectors and extremely precise mapping software.
Garrett Silliman uploads the site's coordinates for comparison with old Civil War era maps. Josh D. Weiss for The Wall Street Journal
But the work's goal is simple: to reconstruct a battle.
"It's just a huge crime scene," said William Lees, president of the Society for Historical Archaeology and a professor at the University of West Florida. "You are just trying to figure out what happened there by what was left behind."
If Mr. Silliman finds a clump of unspent bullets, they know it was where men fumbled with ammunition shortly before an attack. If they find shattered bits of bullets and belt buckles, they know it is where soldiers encountered heavy fire. This forensic detail helps Mr. Silliman and other archaeologists develop a much clearer picture of parts of specific battles and also helps them understand overall military strategy at the time.
"We can really create a good picture of what was happening even with a limited archaeological record," Mr. Silliman said.
On a cold January morning, Mr. Silliman set out in their Land Rover in search of forgotten battlefields hidden amid heavily developed suburbs. Their first stop was a municipal water tank atop a low hill in the shadow of Kennesaw Mountain. In 2005, Mr. Silliman was surveying at the bottom of the hill when they fell in a hole. Cutting away kudzu with a machete, they discovered what they thought was an advanced trench line. Looking at maps and accounts of the fighting, they determined the unnamed hill was likely an advanced position of Alabama Confederates, captured by Union Midwesterners on June 15, 1864.
Five years after they fell in the hole, Mr. Silliman has come back—with funding, county permission and equipment—to see what is still here. Mr. Silliman, who with a trim rounded beard and knit cap looks like a cross between a hippie and a Civil War colonel, hoisted on their back a GPS device that looked like a futuristic trumpet and pointed skyward. They carried a notebook to sketch battle lines that they would later scan into their computer.
There were trenches made of piled mud and stone, running along the hill. The water tank destroyed trenches higher up the hill. A nearby utility line and a subdivision destroyed more down the hill. But the side of the hill, which is tough to build on, had been spared. The fortifications still stand a few feet high, despite years of erosion.
"It's amazing how well preserved these things are, given everything that's happened," Mr. Silliman said as they tramped through the forest.
Mr. Silliman stopped every few feet to log data to the satellite and sketch the line. They will probably come back in the spring with a metal detector to try to find bullets. Unlike collectors, who dig up items to trade or sell, Mr. Silliman uses detectors to figure out the battle's progress.
Many first-hand reports from the battles and later recollections were wrong. Officers confused by the fighting or eager to impress superiors wrote accounts of battles that often made themselves look better and the fighting fiercer than they actually were. It's like any crime scene. Witnesses can't be trusted, but physical evidence can.
Mr. Silliman's guess is that professionals have surveyed less than 10% of all the battle lines around Atlanta. Like many archaeologists, they consider their work on these forgotten battlefields to be more of a calling than a job. They have ancestors who fought for the Union, and says they want to preserve what they can for future generations.
"It's our Iliad," they said of the conflict.
Corrections & Amplifications
William Lees teaches at the University of West Florida. An earlier version of this story incorrectly said they taught at the University of Western Florida.
Write to Cameron McWhirter at cameron.mcwhirter@wsj.com
Mini-figures
Block sets
Ebay
Aliexpress
Tracking
RI586779712CN.
I buy my bootleg Lego mini-figures and block sets from only two online shopping platforms: Ebay and Aliexpress. Each site has it's pros and cons. I've pinned this post to the top of my blog so it's always accessible.Mini-figures can be bought individually, or in sets of 4, 6 or 8. I buy big figs individually. The best quality bootleg mini-figures are made by Sheng Yuan, Decool, Lele, Bozhi and Xinh. There are other Chinese brands but their quality is questionable.Sheng Yuan sets, in general, are mostly eight figure sets, whereas Decool minifig sets have six figures in them, but sometimes there are more or less. I tend to focus mostly on the Marvel and DC Superhero mini-figures, but I have bought clones of the Lego mini-figure series, Clash of Clans and Ghostbuster figures too.Block sets can be bootlegs of older and newer Lego sets, or by Chinese brands such as Sluban, Enlighten, Ausini and Bozhi. Examples of Lego sets can be older city vehicles or more recently, buildings from the Friends series, or Superheroes vehicles.Sluban makes a few airplane and city vehicle sets. Enlighten sets clones some of the older Lego sets like submarines and trains. Ausini makes their own train series that Lego has not produced.The latest block company to enter the foray is Lepin. They have successfully cloned all of the Lego modular buildings and several of the large Star Wars sets.You can usually find mini figures and block sets under the Toys and Hobbies category. Most times they are in the Building Blocks subcategory but you can also find them in the Action Figures subcategory.Items are listed in auction format or Buy it Now. I look for items that come with Free Shipping where the sellers are from China. Sometimes you can find some really good deals with Buy It Now, but the best prices come from winning an auction and paying a lot less.For Ebay, you'll need a Paypal account to provide the most painless payment method.I have found that sellers typically ship out the items within one or two days of payment and it takes on average three weeks to one month before I get it.Items will come with a tracking number (see below for more about tracking) and an estimated delivery date. If the item doesn't arrive within the specified period, you can get a refund from ebay.I've been using Aliexpress since early 2014. Aliexpress is like an online mall where many sellers have virtual storefronts. You are basically dealing with a seller and not Aliexpress directly, although they will try to mediate disputes. There's no auction style listings, only fixed price listings. Some listings will state a minimum quantity that needs to be purchased, because they might sell both retail and wholesale.Some items will be shipped for free and others will charge for extra shipping. I don't know why but it takes up to one week for a seller to ship an item, and then it takes over one month for it to arrive. if it takes longer than one month, raise a dispute with Aliexpress.It's somewhat intimidating for new users because of the plethora of products available. There's a learning curve to figure out how to filter out the items you are looking for. Start by browsing the Blocks category and use the search filters to find things you are looking for.Be warned that seller ratings and feedback are irrelevant. Do not trust any of the feedback or reviews because they may be bogus. Even sellers with great ratings will still try to scam you. You have to understand that it's buyer beware and ethical behaviour is not always followed on Aliexpress.You may discover some amazing deals, but even though they are listed, the seller might not actually have any stock. I have bought items only to find out that the seller lied about having inventory. Sometimes they will give you a fake tracking number and indicated that they shipped it when in fact they didn't.There is no requirement for a seller to honour an item's price. They might decide not to sell you the item because they realized they priced it too low. Sometimes they try to ask you for more money after you have bought. If that happens raise a dispute right away. I tried to file an Aliexpress complaint against the seller, but there are limited complaint categories and if it isn't listed, they will not listen to your complaint. Seller asking for more money after an item purchase is not considered as fraudulent by Aliexpress.Your only recourse is to get a refund but you will have to raise a dispute and wait sometimes up to one month to get your money back.Paypal is not an option for Aliexpress users. I have purchase protection on my Visa card so I use this as my payment option.Most items come with a tracking number but there are two types, one for small packages and one for larger packages.Small packages are usually sets of mini-figures or items under ten dollars. The tracking numbers associated with these items consist of ten numeric digits.I use this website to track packages originating from China. http://www.trackingmore.com/ Larger packages come with a different format tracking number, ie:The first letter will always be R and the last two letters will be CN, sometimes SG or HK. The last number is a check digit to verify the other numbers in the tracking number.If you suspect that the ebay or aliexpress seller gave you a fake tracking number, you can check to see if it is valid at this website: http://post-tracking.com/validate/ Hope this information has been useful to you.
The mayor of a small town north of Toronto has broken their silence to explain the mysterious wall of photos featuring past and present council members, political rivals and town employees that was discovered in their office washroom.
Whitchurch-Stouffville Mayor Justin Altmann told CBC News they created the police investigation-style collage of headshots to help get to the bottom of what they describe as a nasty smear campaign against him. It was also a visual demonstration of the political drama that has unfolded at town council since the election in 2014, they explained.
The harassment, the bullying that I have endured has been very, very monstrous. - Whitchurch-Stouffville Mayor Justin Altmann
"For the last two and a half, three years, the harassment, the bullying that I have endured has been very, very monstrous," said Altmann.
Altmann, who last year made national headlines for inviting the whole town to their wedding, said the wall depicted "the first six months of hell that I had gone through." The wall was a work in progress.
According to Altmann, over the last three years, about 20 packages with "nasty letters of hatred" and unflattering information about them have been circulated to residents, business owners and politicians around the area. It started when they were running for mayor and "ramped up" since then, they said.
In that same period, details of private council meetings were also leaked to at least one Toronto Star reporter, Altmann said.​
Wall under investigation
Altmann also described being followed by vehicles, their family and supporters being followed and getting harassing calls, letters and emails. Their tires were also deflated, Altmann said.
Altmann and their wife Jenny invited the whole town of Whitchurch-Stouffville to their wedding last year. (Facebook) They contacted police and has met with them several times over the years, they said. No charges have been laid in connection to their complaints.
The photos in their collage had lines and arrows drawn between them to help connect and show "exactly what has been happening" at the town council, they said.
What's been happening is a lot of drama that has included turmoil in the town's senior staff ranks, and accusations of wrongdoing, sabotage and mismanagement being flung around this normally quiet and quaint town about 50 kilometres northeast of downtown Toronto.
Word about the photo wall got around after the mayor explained it to a staff member a few months ago. Someone launched a formal complaint about it in March to the newly hired integrity commissioner, Suzanne Craig, and they initiated an investigation.
When the 90-day deadline for the investigation came, June 14, they said they told council they needed more time and why, but wouldn't disclose the reasons to CBC News.
Mayor is a "visual learner"
Altmann says their critics are trying to portray the photo wall as something "scary." There were rumours that some photos had black lines drawn through the faces. Altmann said that is not true.
"There was nothing evil, there was nothing bad, there was nothing corrupt, there was nothing of hatred," said Altmann. "It was showing the purity of my investigation with the links of the emails, the information and the data which I had collected."
The mayor describes themselves as "a visual learner."
The wall's existence became public earlier this week when the Toronto Star reported on it. Altmann did not provide a comment for the article to explain what it was.
In the absence of an explanation, there was much mystery and speculation about its purpose.
"I don't understand why I'm on that wall," Wayne Emmerson, the former mayor, told CBC News. They led the town for 17 years and is now the chair of the Regional Municipality of York. "I have done nothing against Justin Altmann other than beat them in [the election in] 2010."
Emmerson did not run in 2014, which is when Altmann, just 32 at the time, was elected mayor of their hometown, winning by about 350 votes.
They beat two sitting councillors, Phil Bannon and Richard Bartley, by splitting the vote between them. Their faces were also on the wall.
'Disturbed' to be on the wall
"To say the least, I was shocked and disturbed ... I don't know how I made the wall," Bannon said when reached by phone. Upon hearing the mayor's explanation for it, Bannon wasn't satisfied.
"This is questionable behaviour," said Bannon, who was a detective in Toronto before jumping into local politics in 2003.
The controversy around the wall has distracted the council from focusing on issues like the staff turmoil at town hall, they said.
Sue Sherban ran against Altmann in the 2010 election and said they wish they had in 2014.
Altmann drives a truck with their name on it. They allege they have been bullied and harassed since their election in 2014, including someone deflating their tires. (Facebook)
"There are many issues I have in regards to what the leadership has been and what has been going [on] at the town hall for over a year a half now — and this was just, I guess, the icing on the cake," they said in reference to the washroom photo wall mystery.
Since Altmann and the new council was elected, the top job of chief administrative officer has been the subject of turmoil, with multiple people hired, fired, stepping in and stepping down. The clerk, who had worked for the town for 29 years, retired early, and multiple human resources managers have come and gone.
Altmann said they are unfairly blamed for the "staff exodus" and that the problems pre-date their arrival. They were the one trying to bring them to light and fix them, but they were limited by privacy legislation and other regulations, they said.
The mayor said he's pleased the bathroom wall photo collage was exposed.
"Now, I can tell my story, because this is not human ... it's just evil, pure evil."
They said they hope Craig's investigation bears fruit.
"I want justice to take place," they said.
Adding a few linking words and phrases between your sentences (words similar to the English “and then,” “and so,” “after all,” and so on) can help your Japanese feel very fluid and natural. This is especially good when telling a story or relating a series of events. This article will introduce some of the most common of these linking words and phrases, with examples of how and when to use them!
Linking Words and Phrases
だって Datte
Use “だってdatte” at the beginning of a sentence to elaborate on or explain the previous sentence. It can mean “but,” “because,” or “after all” (sometimes, its meaning is a combination of these meanings).
Example:
アラスカに行った時、セーターを５枚も持ってきた。だって、アラスカがものすごく寒いもんだ。 Alaska ni itta toki, se-ta- o go mai mo motte kita. Datte, Alaska ga monosugoku samui mon da When I went to Alaska, I brought five sweaters. It's cold there, after all.
If you watch Japanese tv dramas or anime, you may also hear “だって datte” used either by itself or at the start of a sentence either as an indication that the following sentence will be an explanation, or as an exclamation of frustration or petulance (or both at the same time).
Note :
When translating, be aware that “だって datte” can have several other meanings. It is either attached to a singular word, or used in a different part of the sentence.
For example, attach “ だってdatte ” to:
Question words (who, when, where, etc) to modify them to be “ no matter___ ” (“ いつitsu ” means “ when ” but “ いつだって itsudatte ” means “ no matter when ).” Any noun to mean “ even___. ” For instance, “ 私だってwatashi datte ” means “even me” or “ even I ”).
でもDemo , けど kedo , しかし shikashi , and が ga
Japanese has quite a few words that all mean “but” or “however.” These words have little difference in meaning, but they are slightly different in terms depending on usage.
Most importantly, we use “でも demo” and “しかし shikashi” at the start of a sentence (when the previous sentence ended with a period). And we use “けど kedo” and “が ga” to link two sentences or thoughts with no periods between.
“でも demo,” “けど kedo,” and “が ga” are all fairly standard words, with the main difference between them being that “が ga” can sometimes have a meaning closer to “and” than “but.”
“Shikashi,” on the other hand, sounds somewhat more formal. It's heard when an explanation is being given or a story is being told as opposed to in casual conversation.
Examples:
アラスカを旅行した事がある。でも、ハワイイを旅行した事がない。 Alaska o ryokou shita koto ga aru. Demo, Hawaii o ryokou shita koto ga nai I have traveled in Alaska. But, I have not traveled in Hawaii.
アラスカを旅行した事があるけど、ハワイイを旅行した事がない。 Alaska o ryokou shita koto ga aru kedo, Hawaii o ryokou shita koto ga nai I have traveled in Alaska, but I have not traveled in Hawaii.
Note 1 :
Similarly to “だって datte,” “でも demo” can be used on the following:
Attach to question words to modify them to be “ no matter___ ” (for instance, “ いつでもitsudemo ” (much like “ いつだって itsudatte ”) means “no matter when”) Attached to any noun to mean “ even___ ” (for instance, “ 私でも watashi demo ” means “ even me ” or “ even I ”).
Note 2 :
You may sometimes hear people saying “けれど keredo,” “けれども keredomo,” or other similar words in place of “けどkedo.” These words are all more or less the same in meaning.
そういえば Souieba
“そういえば souieba” literally means “if you say [it/that]”. It's used at the start of a sentence similarly to how the phrase “That reminds me” is used in English.
Example:
そういえば、ネットで読んだ記事によると、春のアラスカはかなり暖かい。 Souieba, netto de yonda kiji ni yoru to, haru no Alaska wa kanari atatakai That reminds me, according to an article I read online, spring in Alaska is quite warm.
それで Sore de
We use “それで sore de” at the beginning of a sentence when the sentence will be describing the results of an action or situation. This is similar to a combination of “then” and “and so.”
Example:
セーターを持っていかなかった。それで、風邪を引いてしまった。 Se-ta- o motte ikanakatta. Sore de, kaze o hiite shimatta I didn't bring a sweater. So then, I caught a cold.
それでも Sore demo
“それでも sore demo” literally means “even that,”. But is used similarly to the English “even so”. You can use it at the start of a sentence.
Example:
寒い所はあまり好きじゃない。それでも、アラスカに行くと決めた。 Samui tokoro wa amari suki janai. Soredemo, Alaska ni iku to kimeta I don't like cold places very much. Even so, I decided to go to Alaska.
それから Sore kara
“それから sore kara” means “after that” . We use it either at the start of a sentence or in the middle of a sentence to continue a list of sequential actions or events.
Example:
去年の１月にアラスカを旅行した。それから、アラスカに引っ越すと決めた。 Kyonen no 1 gatsu ni Alaska o ryokou shita. Sorekara, Alaska ni hikkosu to kimeta In January of last year, I traveled in Alaska. After that, I decided to move to Alaska.
それに Sore ni and しかも shikamo
“それに sore ni” and “しかも shikamo” are both similar in meaning to the English “on top of that” or “moreover.” We use it either at the start of a sentence or in the middle of a sentence.
Examples:
アラスカの夏はとても暖かい。それに、夏には太陽が沈まない。 Alaska no natsu wa totemo atatakai. Soreni, natsu ni wa taiyou ga shizumanai Alaska's summers are very warm. On top of that, in the summer the sun does not set.
アラスカの夏はとても暖かい、しかも夏には太陽が沈まない。 Alaska no natsu wa totemo atatakai, shikamo natsu ni wa taiyou ga shizumanai Alaska's summers are very warm, and on top of that, in the summer the sun does not set.
Those are all our linking words and phrases for now! There are still more that we did not get a chance to cover, though!
If there are any other linking words or phrases that you want to learn about in particular, or if you have any questions about the words and phrases in this article, leave us a comment and we'll include that information in our next linking words and phrases article!
Pluripotent cells are great, but they can be difficult to steer into growing the way you want. Now scientists have found a new way to create 3D-printed 'building blocks' of embryonic stem cells (ESCs), which could be used for growing micro-organs, performing tissue regeneration experiments, testing medication and other biology research purposes.
While bioprinting with ESCs is not entirely new, until recently researchers have only managed to produce two-dimensional sheets of cells. Now a team of scientists from Tsingua University in China and Drexel University in Philadelphia have published a study in Biofabrication, introducing a novel technique for printing a grid-like 3D structure laden with stem cells.
In normal biological conditions ESCs naturally tend to cluster together into spherical 'embryoid bodies' – clumps of pluripotent cells which can go on to develop into any type of cell or tissue in the human body.
Researchers note that this process mimics the early stages of embryo formation, and a ball-shaped embryoid body is more relevant for study than the usual sheets you get when growing cells on a flat petri dish.
Because the 3D arrangement of ESCs could influence cell differentiation and function, the researchers note that creating embryoid bodies in the lab is necessary, but difficult to do in terms of exercising control over how the cells will clump and how big the embryoid body will get. The new 3D-printing approach allows scientists to create uniform stem cell building blocks with high precision.
"It was really exciting to see that we could grow embryoid body in such a controlled manner", said lead author Wei Sun. "The grown embryoid body is uniform and homogenous, and serves as a much better starting point for further tissue growth."
For this new method, the researchers mixed the ESCs with hydrogel, and printed a tiny six-layered grid square, 8 millimetres across and 1 millimetre thick.
The whole construct was then cultured and researchers watched the cells grow into ball-shaped embryoid bodies without leaving their spots in the grid. This means the cells were dividing and staying put, instead of randomly clumping together all over the place. The result was a uniform collection of cell spheres.
It's easy to damage stem cells when squirting them out of a 3D printer, so the researchers were pleased to note that after building the hydrogel grid, 90 percent of the ESCs remained alive and capable of self-renewing. The cells even grew faster than when cultured on a flat surface, and after seven days they still functioned great, and their pluripotency wasn't affected by the ordeal of having been printed.
Now the team is hoping these little building blocks could be useful for other researchers, although they plan to experiment more with the printing parameters to see if they can further influence the size of embryoid bodies produced.
"In the longer term, we'd like to produce controlled heterogeneous embryonic bodies," said Sun. "This would promote different cell types developing next to each other - which would lead the way for growing micro-organs from scratch within the lab."
New research has demonstrated the link between a protein associated with desmosomes, the ‘glue' that sticks cells together, and breast cancer suppression. The protein, called Perp, provides a potential new target for future breast cancer treatment. Desmosomes, the collections of proteins responsible for the mechanical strength of tissues, have also been thought to be involved in helping to suppress cancer and Perp specifically has been found to be associated with desmosomes in breast epithelial cells. Lack of cell adhesion is part of the progression of metastasis. “Perp deficiency caused defects in desmosomal protein expression in breast epithelial cells,” Laura Attardi, who led the research, said. “At the same time there was an enhanced inflammatory response in the breast tissue, and tumors tended to develop more quickly. We also found in the lab that breast cancer cells had abnormally low levels of Perp.”
In 2013, I remember reading an article in Selenium's official site about the upcoming release of Selenium WebDriver 3, the next version to come, sometime around the end of the year. Since Selenium 2.53 was a significantly powerful version, it was unimaginable to me to experience anything that could over power it. But, I was still curious to see the changes they've come up with. So, news is that recently the awaited version has been released and it's possible to finally download and start working with Selenium 3. Although it's currently the beta version, it's still good enough. At the moment, the third version is compatible with Java and Ruby.
After several tests and researches I have executed myself, here are my thoughts so far:
First thing first, if you're working with Java and you have a version below 8 installed, you won't be able to work with Selenium 3. Firefox's driver support is still under Mozilla, but now the driver is outside the browser. This means that the path of the driver should be defined in code/global variables (exactly the same way we used to work with Chrome's driver). Mozilla's driver is geckodriver– which you'll need to download. Apple took ownership and supports the web driver on safari's 10.0 (at last, they acknowledged this project). Edge's driver support is under Microsoft that wrote the Driver Server. There is no more support for Internet Explorer versions lower than 9 (also because of the fact that Microsoft itself stopped supporting them). No more support for the Selenium RC (does anyone still use it?) I executed different tests on a variety of browsers; the first thing I have to mention is that it does work. Meaning, regarding the backward compatibility, I didn't experience any special problems. The test execution was performed on Windows 7 SP1 – 64 Bit:
Chrome browser (version 52, 64 Bit)
Firefox browser (version 0.1)
Safari browser (on Windows)
Internet Explorer browser (version 11)
Edge browser (Microsoft's new browser)
A virtual browser – HTML Unit
The tests immediately called for Selenium's API and I've also used Page Objects.
Like I said, I didn't experience any issues with the backward compatibility.
To download the official Selenium 3 version from the official site, enter here: http://www.seleniumhq.org/download/
In case you're looking for a guide to Create a Test Automation Framework with C#, Selenium Webdriver & NUnit, here's a good one here.
I'm curious to know – what is your impression with Selenium WebDriver 3.0? Please share in the comments below.
Good luck, Yoni
Reference
On the heels of the SEC director's statement that hedge-fund manager John Paulson would not be charged with any wrongdoing for the 2007 deal it made with Goldman Sachs — in which the firm agreed to allow the hedge-fund manager to structure a bond both parties knew would fail, but neglected to mention that to the investors it sold it to — Paulson and Company has issued a statement.
It can pretty much be summed up as “Goldman's clients aren't our problem.”
As the SEC said at its press conference, Paulson is not the subject of this complaint, made no misrepresentations and is not the subject of any charges.
While Paulson purchased credit protection from Goldman Sachs on securities issued under the ABACUS ABS CDO program, we were not involved in the marketing of any ABACUS products to any third parties.
ACA as collateral manager had sole authority over the selection of all collateral in the CDO, securities of which were subsequently rated AAA by both S&P and Moody's.
Technically, of course, they're right. They simply dangled the one thing in Goldman's face that they knew they couldn't resist— money — and let them fall all over themselves to get it. A lot of people got trampled, but it was Goldman that did the trampling, not Paulson. Incidentally, we hear Paulson and Company is short Goldman Sachs, now.
Related: What the SEC Charges Really Mean
Paulson & Co. Inc. Responds to SEC Complaint Against Goldman Sachs [PR Newswire]
Do you remember the Dean scream? When I saw it in context, there was nothing wrong with it. But later, the broadcast media took it out of context and used it as propaganda against Dean, who I believe would have won by a wide enough margin in 2004 that Republicans could not steal the election. Friday, Rick Perry gave several minutes of politically fatal video that leaves the Dean scream in the dust.
It should have been Texas Gov. Perry's first step back in a long climb up from political oblivion. But instead of the tax and spending plan the day will go down in political history as “Remember when Perry blew themselves up on CNBC?” It'll be a consolation to every political consultant that ultimately races are about the candidates. No amount of staff work and no amount of money can compensate for a candidate with fatal flaws…
Inserted from <Washington Post>
Rachel Maddow covers the story.
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
FILE - In this Oct. 23, 2013, file photo House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio, left, and House Majority Leader Eric Canton of Va., right, leave after a news conference, following a meeting at the Republican National Committee offices on Capitol Hill in Washington. A year after losing a presidential race many Republicans thought was winnable, the GOP arguably is in worse shape than before, struggling to control tensions between its tea party and establishment wings, and watching the party's approval ratings hit record lows. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
In response to the disastrous rollout of key parts of President Barack Obama's federal health care law, Republican lawmakers are asking questions on a daily basis about how and when HealthCare.gov, the website where Americans can find insurance options, will function properly.
Despite their concern, it can be easy to forget that the GOP has no interest in actually fixing the problems that plague the law, and Republican House Speaker John Boehner on Tuesday offered a friendly reminder.
“There is no way to fix this monstrosity,” Boehner said after a meeting with House Republicans. “The idea that the federal government is going to supply the health insurance for every American and write all the rules defies any, any sense from my standpoint.”
Boehner's statement confirms what should be obvious. House Republicans have voted 42 times to either repeal or change parts of the law, so their intention is no secret. But since HealthCare.gov launched Oct. 1, Republicans have shown an outpouring of concern about the site's dysfunction. That concern is more about making the case to kill the law than it is about seeking solutions to fix it.
Last week the House Energy and Commerce Committee conducted a hearing with the contractors who helped build HealthCare.gov, and several GOP lawmakers asked what could be done to fix the website.
“What we're trying to figure out is how did all this taxpayer money get wasted and what is their remedy?” Michigan Rep. Fred Upton, the panel's chairperson, told The New York Times.
More Republican-organized hearings are planned this week: On Tuesday, the House Ways and Means Committee is questioning Marilyn Tavenner, the administrator for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, about the state of the law's implementation, and on Wednesday, Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services, will testify before the Energy and Commerce Committee.
The Republican goal here is not necessarily to find solutions to the problems, but to expose them as part of an effort to stall the law's complete implementation and, ultimately, to repeal it.
Republicans know that they can't eliminate the law as long as they control only the House. (The failed effort to defund the law while threatening to shut down the government proved it.) For now, stalling is their best defense.
Solar thermal electricity production in the US is poised for a big boost, now that financing has recently been closed for the world's largest...
Solar thermal electricity production in the US is poised for a big boost, now that financing has recently been closed for the world's largest solar project.
The Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System, set for completion in 2013, will nearly double the amount of solar thermal electricity produced in the US. The plant is being developed in California by BrightSource Energy Inc.
As part of the financing, the company has finalised $1.6 billion in loans guaranteed by the US Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office. NRG Solar is the lead investor in the project, with a commitment of up to $300 million, while Google has also joined as an equity investor, injecting $168 million. It's Google's largest clean-energy investment to date.
“With this investment, we're helping to deploy the first commercial plant of a potentially transformative solar technology able to deliver clean energy at scale,” said Rick Needham, director of Green Business Operations at Google.
Once finished, Ivanpah will be the largest solar power tower project in the world — 392 megawatts — and will produce clean electricity at the highest efficiency of any solar thermal plant. This will be enough to meet the power needs of up to 140,000 California homes, helping the state move toward its target of 33 per cent electricity from renewable source by 2020.
In terms of carbon dioxide emissions reduction, the savings will be equivalent to more than 400,000 tonnes of CO2 annually — which would be like taking more than 70,000 cars off the road.
The plant is also set to create approximately 1,000 union jobs culminating in four million job hours of work at the peak of construction. That's an important point to consider, as the US government investment put an emphasis on creating jobs in a challenging time for the construction industry. A similar impact could likely be seen with most other renewable energy technologies … in particular, solar photovoltaics, as rising demand due to falling costs will spur further market growth.
Two utility companies have agreed to separate contracts under which they will use electricity generated by Ivanpah. Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) has purchased approximately two-thirds of the power and the remaining one-third will go to Southern California Edison (SCE).
To conserve water in its desert location, the Ivanpah project will use an air-cooling system to convert steam back into water in a closed-loop cycle. This means only 100 acre-feet of water will be used per year, 95 per cent less water than that used by competing solar thermal technologies dependent upon wet-cooling.
While the plant does not use any thermal storage technologies to provide power at night, the peak load demand for the grid in California is during the hottest periods of the day (think air-conditioning units), so it is still economically viable.
Ivanpah is expected to help advance development in solar thermal technologies, as there has been relatively small advancement over the past 20 years, compared to solar photovoltaics and other renewable energy technologies. Such advancement is long overdue, as concentrated solar power (CSP) is much cheaper per kilowatt-hour in desert climates such as those found in California.
It's an encouraging development that's much needed as the globe marches toward 2020 and ambitious clean-energy/carbon reduction targets.
If it's not bad enough that Detroit can't afford to equip its firefighters with adequate gear, brazen thieves Wednesday night stole a ladder and other equipment from fire trucks at the scene of a three-house blaze.
The theft marks another troubling moment for a fire department battling more blazes with fewer firefighters, trucks and gear.
In the past month, thieves have broken into at least two temporarily closed fire stations and stole copper plumbing, TVs and other metal fixtures. Fire hydrants have been broken.
Wednesday's theft at Chopin and Michigan on the city's west-side was as desperate and callous as it was bold.
Cuts to the police department and an increase in some crimes are making it more difficult for cops to arrive to fire scenes, leaving firefighters without protection.
And when firefighters are injured, ambulances often aren't available. Just last week, one of four firefighters injured during a house explosion was taken to a hospital in a squad truck because an ambulance was broken down.
[ad#Google text Ad – square no border]
3rd Feb 2011 – Michael J. Fox, star of 1980s classics Back To The Future and The Secret of My Success, as well as 1990s TV series Spin City, is set to receive a lifetime achievement award at the Golden Cameras in Germany.
The 49-year-old actor, who was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991, has been a strong campaigner and advocate of Parkinson's sufferers, publicly expressing their support for stem cell research in 2006.
The Golden Cameras, which will also honour John Travolta and German actor Armin Mueller-Stalh at the ceremony to be held this Saturday, has announced it will present Fox with its prestigious lifetime achievement award.
The ceremony, which takes place in Berlin and is currently into its 46th year, has already honoured Clint Eastwood, Jack Nicholson and Robert De Niro with the Golden Camera, and has become the country's most-watched awards programme with six million tuning into the three hour broadcast.
Check out our Top 10 Michael J Fox Films
Military Space Leaders Alarmed by Growing Russian and Chinese Anti-Satellite Threats
The latest intelligence from Russia and China is alarming top military and civilian space officials about multiple new antisatellite (ASAT) threats against U.S. military and intelligence satellites—at all altitudes. Key commercial satcoms and other civilian satellites are also at great risk.
The Pentagon says both Iran and North Korea are also developing new ASAT systems.
Air Force Gen. John Hyten, commander of Air Force Space Command, told the House Armed Service Strategic Subcommittee that threats to American satellites “have reached a tipping point.”
“Simply stated, there isn't a single aspect of our space architecture, to include the ground architecture, that isn't now at risk,” Lt. Gen. David Buck, commander of the Joint Functional Component for Space at U.S. Strategic Command told a subcommittee hearing in mid-March.
And speaking before a recent aerospace forum, the head of Strategic Command Navy Admiral Cecil D. Haney also sharply warned that space threats are evolving so fast that, if employed now, they “potentially threaten national sovereignty and survival.”
“After years of post-Cold War stagnation, our adversaries have become re-energized and re- motivated to challenge our long-held advantage in space and cyberspace. We must take decisive action now, “ said Hyten.
“The rise of foreign capability is jeopardizing our technological superiority,” Dyke Weatherington, the Director for Space, and Strategic and Intelligence Systems for the Defense Dept. told the subcommittee.
Russia is testing a new “Nudol” direct ascent ASAT that has flown at least three times in the last few months, including one successful test flown last Nov. 18. Russia has also conducted many more, cyber, directed energy, and suborbital tests that remain classified, lest it reveal top secret U. S. monitoring capability.
China has conducted at least eight ASAT tests since 2005. But many more tests such as directed energy and cyberattack exercises remain classified by the Intelligence Community. These tests have used different launch vehicles and trajectories, including co orbital ASATS. The most recent of the eight was a high altitude test last October.
The Strategic Subcommittee and its witnesses went into a closed session to review top secret data from the specific weapons systems arrayed against U.S. spacecraft.
“We face unprecedented threats in national security space.,” said subcommittee chairperson Mike Rogers (R-Al).
“However, I recognize that changing a bureaucracy is a difficult undertaking, and even more so when you are part of that bureaucracy. But we have to get this right because we cannot risk our space assets.”
They asked both the military and civilian space managers in charge of the satellites at risk to provide more feedback to the House Armed Services Strategic Subcommittee by April 1.
“Even as our dependence on space capabilities continues to increase, and although we maintain a substantial asymmetric advantage due to those capabilities, the rapid evolution and expansion of threats to our space capabilities in every orbit regime has highlighted the converse. [That being] an asymmetric disadvantage due to the inherent susceptibilities and increasing vulnerabilities of these systems,” Weatherington told the subcommittee.
“We risk encountering a potential strategic imbalance in which adversaries are increasingly able to use space to support military operations, and also threaten our ability to sustain use of our space capabilities.
“Meanwhile our abilities have lagged to protect our own use of space, and operate through the effects of adversary threats. Any adversary would almost certainly trade its own ability to utilize space if in return it could deny U.S. use of space to support military and intelligence operations,” Weatherington said.
As a result “we have to change our mindset from focusing solely on providing space capability to terrestrial forces to [instead] a ‘warfighter' mindset prepared to defend against an adversary's threat in space,” said Hyten.
They told the subcommittee about the newest efforts to counter the ASAT surge.
Hyten said the Director of National Intelligence staff, U.S. Strategic Command, the National Reconnaissance Office and Air Force Space Command have just established a Joint Interagency Combined Space Operations Center (JICSpOC) at Schriever Air Force Base, Colo.
Although a cumbersome acronym it has a dynamic role that now combines U.S. military space operations with space-related intelligence operations around the clock.
“The JICSpOC is focused on space defense, and is developing new space- system operational concepts, tactics, techniques and procedures in support of both the DoD and Intelligence Community,” said Hyten.
“Fusing the operations of our space systems and intelligence capabilities in real-time will enhance our ability to track, monitor, analyze and predict irresponsible and dangerous activity in space,” they told the Strategic subcommittee.
They and other witnesses said that the JICSpOC is needed to ensure the national security space enterprise meets and out-paces emerging and advanced ASAT capabilities from especially Russia and China.
“This initiative continues to provide vital information and capabilities to national leadership, allies and partners and joint warfighters. It provides the DoD and the Intelligence Community with a robust test and experimentation environment to better integrate our space operations in response to threats,” they told the subcommittee.
Although new, “the JICSpOC is already demonstrating the power of unity of effort and information in space operations,”said Frank Calvelli Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office whose spacecraft are especially under threat.
“Through the JSpOC Mission System (JMS), we are building a new open architecture high performance computing environment, to give our operators a modern capability to integrate Space Situational Awareness (SSA) data,” Calvelli said.
“JMS goes beyond the integration of metric and positional data to support predictive awareness. Ultimately, we need the capability for true battle management, and command and control of space forces, said Hyten.
“What's missing is an embedded capability to leverage this information. We are investigating options to accelerate such a capability to give the Commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Space and the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command the ability to act,” Hyten said.
Acting could mean the employment of top secret U. S. measures from traditional jamming and cyberspace actions to rapidly maneuvering U.S. spacecraft, to employing U.S. ASAT capable RIM 161 Standard 3 missiles, like those carried on many Navy destroyers and tested in 2008 by the USS Lake Erie against a failed NRO satellite.
“To further counter the space threats Air Force Space Command is forming a specific Space Mission Force (SMF) to fundamentally change how we operate space mission systems; how we organize, train, and equip our space capabilities and how we present forces to the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command,” said Hyten.
“It is a paradigm shift in how we conduct space operations within the context of a contested domain. The goal of the SMF is to present forces to Strategic Command in a unified fashion that increases [its] commander's readiness to respond to potential threats against our space capabilities.
“The SMF construct allows half of our squadron's crew force to conduct operations while the other half is conducting advanced training, similar to the approach taken in other major weapon systems.
“As this Committee is well aware, space underpins our Nation's way of life in peacetime and provides critical warfighting capabilities during conflict,” said Buck. who is based at Vandenberg AFB, Calif.
“It's no surprise that potential adversaries have taken notice and are working to counter our operational advantages in space.
“Our ability to deliver space effects is challenged by the unprecedented development of [primarily Russian and Chinese] counter-space programs … resources invested and systems designed to deny or degrade our freedom of action,” Buck told the subcommittee.
“The implication, of course, is that we can no longer take for granted the strategic, operational and tactical advantages we've come to depend on from space,” they said.
“From a warfighting perspective, the consequences are far reaching since an adversary can impose multi- domain impacts by denying or degrading U. S. space [capability],” they told the subcommittee.
“Clearly, we don't ever want to fight a fight that extends to space, but we must be prepared. We must be prepared to defend ourselves and, if necessary, fight through a degraded space environment,” they said.
Buck, who has been heavily involved in military space operations for 16 years, said “these are easily the most dynamic, complex and exciting times I've ever experienced.”
Calvelli told the subcommittee that the NRO fully recognizes that space is an increasingly contested environment.
“Foreign nations understand the incredible decision advantage our capabilities in space provide, which is why they are actively pursuing the means to deny our space advantage,” they said.
“For that reason, the NRO is committed to making its entire mission architecture more resilient; to include developing collection systems with enhanced survivability built-in from the beginning.
“In short, we are more focused on survivability and resiliency from an enterprise perspective than we have ever been and we have made significant investments to that end,” they briefed the subcommittee.
Douglas Loverro, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy, told the subcommittee that “Space services are inextricably woven throughout the fabric of our defense and national security infrastructure, and we do not intend to yield them.”
“Let me be clear about our intent—we will be ready. We are making changes in our systems, our tactics, our culture, and our people to assure that if [a space attack] arises, we will be able to defend U.S. and allied interests in space.”
.
Be sure to “Like” AmericaSpace on Facebook and follow us on Twitter: @AmericaSpace
.
T-Mobile just doesn't want to let its customers go. We've shared stories of customers whose survivors couldn't get a line shut down after they died , and survivors asked to keep a phone line open so they could hear a loved one's voice . This isn't a problem unique to T-Mobile USA, apparently: a widow in Cardiff, Wales brought their late husband's ashes to the store after they refused to close out their husband's line.
They didn't just bring the cremains, of course: that was just to prove a point. In addition, they brought bills for funeral expenses and their death certificate. Was this enough to convince T-Mobile to stop sending their collection notices? Of course not.
It's not like the family waited around: the son of the deceased called T-Mobile the day after they died to get the process started. The company needed a death certificate: fine. Yet the collection notices started and didn't stop, and the company wanted their widow to pay an early termination fee.
“We apologise to Mrs Raybould for any distress caused at this difficult time. We can confirm that the account has been closed and the balance cleared,” a T-Mobile spokesperson told the Telegraph. The company blames the letters and refusal to accept their customer's death on an automated process that employees are apparently powerless to stop until the company is threatened with public shaming.
Widow takes dead husband's ashes into mobile phone shop after firm refuses to cancel contract [Telegraph] (via our British spiritual siblings BitterWallet)
Congratulations to A&E and Duck Dynasty, whose fourth season debuted last month to a record 11.8 million viewers, making it the No. 1 nonfiction show on cable television, according to The Los Angeles Times. People simply love the Robertsons. When Art Streiber photographed the cast for season three's key art and publicity, our March 12 blog post featuring one of their Duck Dynasty cast portraits became the sixth-most-viewed post in the four-year history of the Stockland Martel blog.
So, dear readers, we want to give you more of what you love. Below, Art reveals behind-the-scenes details and photos from their camo-filled season-three shoot with the Robertson clan…
.
.
“The key-art concept for season three of Duck Dynasty was to take the Robertsons even MORE over the top than they already are and bring their outdoor ‘world of camo' INDOORS!
I worked very closely with Marissa Grasso, Meghan Kirsch, and Sarah Freed at A&E, set designer Nick Tortorici, and wardrobe stylist Ivy Jarrin to create the look of the campaign.
Nick created three all-camo sets—including one in all pink for the DD ladies—and Ivy designed and hand-produced all of the camo wardrobe looks for the cast (and had pink versions made for the ladies, as well). For the living-room set, we motivated the light from the (fake) windows. On the green camo set, we went for a traditional soft-studio look, and on the pink camo set, we lit for beauty. The family's ability to play it straight when surrounded by endless camouflage really worked to our benefit.
Our ‘studio' was the floor of the arena at the Monroe Convention Center in Louisiana, which usually hosts concerts, circuses, trade shows, and rodeos, but last January it hosted the Robertson clan. At 46,025 square feet, it was easily the largest space my crew and I had EVER had to ourselves.
And while Monroe hosts the annual Miss Louisiana competition, set design and costuming are hard to come by in Louisiana's eighth largest city. So…all of the sets were built in Los Angeles and shipped to Monroe, and and all wardrobe was designed and handmade in New York and shipped to Monroe to be fitted.
We shot ALL KINDS of variations of three generations of the Robertson family on all three sets, and they could not have been more accommodating or professional. Phil Robertson even serenaded us with a variety of duck calls!
They were absolutely lovely to work with and quite happy, happy, happy!”
.
.
Credits
A&E Television Networks, LLC
Marissa Grasso / Manager, Brand Creative & Consumer Marketing
Meghan Kirsch / Director, Brand Creative & Consumer Marketing
Sarah Freed / Coordinator, Brand Creative
Art Streiber / photographer
Nick Tortorici / set designer
Ivy Jarrin / wardrobe stylist
.
.
.
Most women would be happier at home raising a family, and many are just going through the motions by choosing careers. There. I said it. I didn't”t say women can”t have careers and they”re not capable of anything more. I happen to think housewife is a pretty noble profession. However, if you don”t scream “Anything men can do women can do better” you”re a sexist pig. Modern feminism has become fascism and it's making women miserable. When a doctor tells their patients that the hourglass of a woman's ovaries is turned upside down at 30 and is all but drained by 35, they (or she, you sexist pig) is called a sexist pig. The anecdotal evidence of the aunt who had twins at 43 apparently wipes out centuries of biology.
Listen, you stupid bitches, nobody has problems with the driven career woman who has it all. We all respect ballbusters like Barbara Corcoran, but it's worth noting that even they had to wrestle Mother Nature. They spent $146,000 making kids happen in their late 40s. When you say it's sad that women are choosing dogs over children, you”re told the world is overpopulated and the end of breeding is a good thing. That's not what I see. When I scroll through the women in my address book, I see almost nothing but regret. Only 10% of women have more kids than they want, but it seems like only 10% of my friends even tried to have kids. Here's a list of all the women I know who did (names changed to protect the innocent).
Deborah is in their early 40s and just had a miscarriage. After waiting for Mr. Right well into their late 30s, they dumped their boyfriend and decided to become a single mom. They panicked and proposed and now they have a kid. This is pretty much the only way a woman in New York can have a family. They have to marriage rape their boyfriend.
Carla was in the same boat and marriage raped their boyfriend at 39. They had a kid but I doubt they”ll be having any more. This is a shame because they”re both great parents.
“You can”t change the past but you can warn others not to repeat your mistakes. That's what defines us as humans.”
Alexander finally proposed to Susan when they were in their late 30s. They had one kid but won”t be having any more because they waited too long. Alex tells me they deeply regret this and I suspect Susan feels the same way.
Darrell and Cathy had a kid when they were in their mid-30s and spent the next five years discussing whether they should have a second. By the time they decided to have another, it was too late. After spending thousands on fertility drugs, they gave up and adopted. They adore their adopted child but it's obviously not an ideal scenario.
Andy and Joan spent a ton of money on fertility drugs because they waited until Joan was in their late 30s before having kids. Andy couldn't”t come to my wedding because they were told flying is bad for your sperm. After emptying their savings account, they gave up and adopted two kids. They love their kids the same as we all do but again, not ideal.
I grew up with Mike and Sherri and we all agreed having kids was negligent because of overpopulation. By the time we realized it's about quality not quantity, they were already in their 40s. Sherri spent over ten thousand dollars on fertility drugs and it worked. After a few miscarriages, they made three healthy kids. (It's worth noting that many of these fertility drugs give you quintuplets in the womb and then the majority die, which is why you see so many twins floating around these days.)
They worry their age put their children on the spectrum but besides that, they essentially dodged a bullet. Unfortunately, Mike is over 50 now and needs “Dadderall” to keep up.
Ari and Karen are both very successful New Yorkers who managed to have three kids despite Karen being in their early 40s. They seem to have pulled it off but they are worried their eldest boy is on the spectrum. They rarely talk and will stare into space for hours at a time. They are well aware that “The risk of having a child with full syndrome autism increases with maternal age” (don”t miss the comments on that link).
Jeannie is 40 now. I remember a few years ago, I told them they were running out of time and they looked at me like I had asked if I could put my watch in their vagina. They actually walked out of the room and went home. Today they have their ovaries frozen and asks me to fix them up with a guy every time we meet. It ain”t happening.
Mary Ellen was in a pretty good relationship with a guy from 25 to 29. They broke up when they were 30 and it took a couple of years for them to get over it. They had a few shitty relationships after that and is now 38. They know they will never have kids and I for one think that's pretty sad. Them nieces and nephews love them They have their pictures all over the house.
Mimi is 29. They want three kids but is dating a 25-year-old New Yorker who has no intentions of settling down. They work in medicine and is very familiar with biology so they told their boyfriend it's time to shit or get off the pot. I don”t know what's going to happen to them, but it's not looking good.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
It's been a long-time coming, and long rumored, but it's finally here: Today Samsung pushed live its iOS app for the company's high-end Gear S2 and S3 smartwatches.
The Samsung Gear S app delivers support, tracking for the watch as well as the ability to download and install watch faces and apps directly from the Gear store. This makes the Gear watches one of the first major non-Apple smartwatches to come to the iPhone with robust support.
Currently, the only smartwatch with full support for the iPhone is Apple's own Apple Watch. The bulk of smartwatches run on Android Wear, which is designed for Android devices. Google's Android Wear does have an iOS app but it does little more than offer up a small number of watch faces and notification support. It leaves behind the robust line-up of apps created for Android.
Samsung was able to do this because its watch doesn't run on watchOS or Android, but on Tizen, and has its own store.
The app appears to include support for a large number of watch faces as well as quite a wide variety of watch apps, like CNN, Flipbook and Yelp.
We'll have a full review of the new iOS app later this month as part of our review of the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier smartwatch.
In the meantime, make sure you check out our guide to the best smartwatches of 2016.
Update: Google officials reached out to point out that Android Wear 2.0 will allow iOS users to download apps from the new Google Play Store directly to a supported watch. Google has not yet announced a date for Android Wear 2.0, but did say it was continuing the preview program into early 2017.
Former party chief executive in Scotland says Huhne must go over 'conspiracy' to protect nuclear industry
A prominent Liberal Democrat has called for Chris Huhne to resign immediately as energy and climate change secretary after emails were released detailing their officials' efforts to co-ordinate a PR response to the Fukushima disaster with the nuclear industry. Civil servants in the energy and business departments were apparently trying to minimise the impact of the disaster on public support for nuclear power.
Andy Myles, the party's former chief executive in Scotland, said: "This deliberate and (sadly) very effective attempt to 'calm' the reporting of the true story of Fukushima is a terrible betrayal of liberal values. In my view it is not acceptable that a Liberal Democrat cabinet minister presides over a department deeply involved in a blatant conspiracy designed to manipulate the truth in order to protect corporate interests".
The leader of the Lib Dems in the European parliament, Fiona Hall, said nuclear plans should be put on hold.
"These emails corroborate my own impression that there has been a strange silence in the UK following the Fukushima disaster ... in the UK, new nuclear sites have been announced before the results of the Europe-wide review of nuclear safety has been completed. Today's news strengthens the case for the government to halt new nuclear plans until an independent and transparent review has been conducted."
by James Corbett
BoilingFrogsPost.com
21 March, 2012
The Mujahedin-e-Khalq–sometimes referred to as the MEK, the MKO, the PMOI, the NCRI or, perhaps more fittingly, “The Cult of Rajavi”–is a strange terrorist group by anyone's reckoning.
They wear identical khaki uniforms and headscarves, singing songs to their cult leaders, Massoud Rajavi and their wife Maryam. They adhere to an eclectic mix of ideological influences, having been variously described as Marxists, messianic Shiites, and even secular democrats. And they are a US State Department designated terrorist organization that has been responsible for bombings, attempted plane hijackings, political assassinations, and indiscriminate killings of men, women and children.
But this is not your average terror group.
These are not like the blue jeans-wearing, cash-paying, constitution-loving, third-party-candidate-supporting, picture-taking terrorists that the Department of Fatherland Security have been warning the American public about for years now.
These are not the three-year-old boys in wheelchairs that the upstanding men and women of the TSA have been patting down as potential bomb-wearing suicide jihadis since 9/11.
No, these are the kind of terrorists that the Afghan mujahedin were back when they were the “freedom fighters” fighting the Ruskies in the 80s. Before they became the Taliban of today.
These are the kinds of terrorists like Saddam Hussein was when they were our man in the Middle East, gassing their Kurdish population with US-supplied weapons. Before they refused to disarm their non-existent stockpile for Bush and Blair.
These are our kind of terrorists.
What the beltway insiders leave out of their analysis is that the MEK has been a violent, radical, terrorist group from its inception.
The group was involved in violence in the 1970s that included the murder of several Americans. The group supported the taking of American hostages in Tehran in 1980. They fled to Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war in the 80s, and were given protection by Saddam Hussein in return for help in attacking Iranian targets and brutally suppressing a Kurdish uprising.
More than a terror group, however, or an ideologically driven armed force, the MEK is a cult of personality. Led by Massoud Rajavi and their wife, those who are recruited into the organization have a similar story to tell of their recruitment, brainwashing, and obedience to Rajavi.
Since the US occupation of Iraq in 2003, the strategic value of an Iranian group willing and capable of performing attacks and destabilization efforts has been seen as strategically important to the west, which has been desperate to curb Iran's quest for Middle Eastern predominance in the post-Saddam power vacuum.
A 2009 Brookings Institution report entitled “Which Path to Persia?” wrestled with the idea of using MEK as a tool for destabilizing the Ahmadinejad government.
“Undeniably, the group has conducted terrorist attacks…” the report concedes. “At the very least, to work more closely with the group (at least in an overt manner), Washington would need to remove it from the list of foreign terrorist organizations.”
As a result, the US has enjoyed a close relationship with this organization over the past decade, despite it still being officially designated a terrorist group.
From 2003, US troops directly guarded the group's members at Camp Ashraf in Iraq. A lobbying effort began, complete with extravagant speaking engagements attended by high-ranking former US officials, to get the MEK de-listed as a terrorist organization in Europe and the US.
In 2007, the group was struck from Britain's terror group register. The EU followed suit in 2008.
Also in 2008, Seymour Hersh reported that the US State Department was funding and arming the group through officially authorized covert funds.
In recent months, large rallies have been organized in support of the effort to delist the group and glossy television ads have even begun airing to raise public awareness of the issue.
In the latest round of US-government sanctioned support for a designated terrorist organization, the public is being warned about an impending humanitarian disaster amongst the group members at Camp Ashraf. If the MEK is not de-listed, the story goes, the US will not be able to offer the group's members adequate protections.
Intriguingly, though, more reports have surfaced in recent months linking the group to bombings inside Iran, the bombings of Israeli targets in New Delhi and Bangkok earlier this year which Israel immediately blamed on Iran, and even the assassinations of Iranian scientists that have been plaguing Iran's nuclear program in recent years.
Earlier today I had the chance to talk to veteran investigative journalist Pepe Escobar about the MEK and their real place in this ongoing war of terror.
Ultimately this is a story about hubris. The hubris of a political elite who think that they are still living in a dinosaur media environment, a pre-Internet age where people have no other access to information than what is being told to them that day by their newspaper or by Walter Cronkite.
In that former paradigm, the rolling out of an agenda was so much easier for the establishment. Almost like a soap opera, all they had to do was set the scene, establish the villain, show us who the good guys were and get us to root for them. They'd do the rest.
In this day and age, it's perfectly transparent to see what is happening now, and when aging, out-of-touch neocons go to bat for insane terror cults to try to get them delisted, we can see right through those transparent, cynical moves.
The MEK is just another tool in the West's arsenal to wield against the villain of the month. As long as they are useful in bombing, attacking and otherwise causing carnage in Iran, the West will be happy to use them as pawns in their chess game. They will be given a full-court press, and the people will be made to know that these are the “good guys.”
As soon as they have outlived their usefulness, they will be dropped in the trash like yesterday's newspaper.
In this new Internet-enabled paradigm, though, the game has changed, whether the political establishment knows it or not. Oh, they can still de-list MEK and build them up in the dinosaur media as crusaders of freedom, and they probably will.
But this time, we won't be buying it.
Filed in: Videos
Striker joins club on one-year contract following successful loan spell
Bolton Wanderers are pleased to confirm the signing of Stephen Dobbie.
The forward joins the club on a one-year contract following a successful trial, having trained with Neil Lennon's first team throughout pre-season.
A member of the Whites squad that travelled to Austria for a training camp last month, the 32-year-old has featured in all seven of Bolton's fixtures, scoring once in their first match on English soil against Morecambe.
They spent last season on loan with Fleetwood Town from Crystal Palace, having previously won promotion to the Premier League three times in the last six campaigns with Blackpool, Swansea City and the Eagles.
Dobbie has been allocated the number 23 jersey for the upcoming 2015/16 Sky Bet Championship season and goes straight into contention for Saturday's season opener against Derby County.
Yesterday, we began breaking down the top five formations that should be found in the Cornhuskers' playbooks come the fall. First came the Ace. Today, we examine Nebraska's take on the Shotgun.
Base Personnel: Quarterback
Additional Personnel: Variations of wide receivers, tight end, and running backs (up to five players)
Suggested Players: Quincy Enunwa, Kenny Bell, Jamal Turner, Kyler Reed, Rex Burkhead, Ameer Abdullah
The Formation
Regardless of down and distance, the Shotgun formation is a pass-first set. Often set back about five yards behind center, the quarterback is the nucleus of the formation. Beyond the quarterback and offensive line, the formation allows for a mix of five wide receivers, tight ends and running backs.
A common set in the Shotgun, as pictured below, is three wide receivers, a tight end and a running back. In 2011, Nebraska utilized the Shotgun in a variety of ways: five wide receivers, three wide receivers, two running backs, etc.
The notion that the Shotgun is pass-first has served the Huskers well in their use of zone read, reverses and Martinez's runs in general. Take a look at the photo above. Despite being a first down, both safeties are ten yards back with one almost fifteen yards from the line of scrimmage.
This is a perfect opportunity for Nebraska to deal severe damage from the Shotgun.
With their backfield speed, the Huskers have and will continue to spread the defense to exploit open running lanes. Using different personnel, they can work from the Shotgun in a variety of situations rather than just in downs with long distances.
Utilizing Nebraska's Shotgun
Nebraska is no different than any other team in terms of selection of plays: The goal is obviously to get the best match ups. In the first set we'll examine, the Huskers do just that by getting their top receivers and backs on the field in a formation that favors passing, but provides an excellent opportunity for running.
Quincy Enunwa, Kenny Bell, and Jamal Turner would be split out at wide receiver with Burkhead and Abdullah in the backfield.
From this formation, zone read is just as easy to run as any pass play. The formation can be used in most downs with a variety of distances. The flexibility, both in play calling and personnel, is what makes the Shotgun formation so appealing.
Beyond the formation's traditional plays, Nebraska has already shown the ability to use their playmakers in this set in new ways.
Down 21 points to Michigan, the Huskers were three and a half yards from a touchdown on second and goal. Tim Beck showed a flash of brilliance that left Brady Hoke cross-armed, ESPN commentator Urban Meyer laughing and Huskers grinning from ear to ear. What appeared as a simple zone read play became a new triple option of sorts.
Pictured above, Martinez first reads the defensive end. Upon making that read, Martinez hands off to Burkhead. It's a play Nebraska fans have seen time and time again. On this occasion, the formation allowed for a second set of options: Burkhead could keep or pitch to Abdullah.
Confronted with the strong safety, Burkhead makes the pitch and Abdullah coasts into the end zone. This play is just one example of the formation's dynamic.
The second set we look at features a familiar look with five wide receivers. The first three receivers in this formation would likely be the same as the first set with Enunwa, Bell, and Turner, but the Huskers have a number of options for their fourth and fifth players.
Tim Marlowe and Taariq Allen are likely selections, but incoming first-year student Jordan Westerkamp provides a unique target if they don't redshirt. Nebraska has both physicality and speed at the wide receiver position, meaning Beck can dial up a number of routes.
With five receivers, the immediate thought is the offense is looking for large gains through longer passes. However, The Huskers have used this set for bubble screens, reverses and a number of other plays that may begin with small gains or even a loss, but can be sprung for huge chunks of yardage, if not touchdowns.
With such flexibility, the offense exploits the fact that the defense has to account for the attempt of a long play against them. Since Nebraska's opponent is in deeper pass protection, the coverage underneath is “softer” and allows for smaller gains, sometimes repeatedly.
As long as time isn't a factor, an offense can nickel and dime their way downfield with this set.
With the set maxed out on receivers, Martinez has a littany of passing options. A strong mix of short to long routes combined with each receiver's unique abilities and Martinez's running talents means potential for consistent gains from this use of the Shotgun formation.
Much like the Ace, it's a standard formation and many teams do use it, but it worked well for Beck, even in a four-loss campaign. That's why the Shotgun needs to stay.
Follow Jeff on Twitter: @BornToBeRed247
Husker Locker's Official Feed: @huskerlocker
Like us on Facebook: Official Husker Locker Page
Add us on Google+: Official Husker Locker Page
(Visited 1,127 times, 1 visits today)
Nebraska Football Sports News
CLOSE Police searched for them months after November's Paris attacks, and now, Europe's most-wanted man has finally been apprehended.Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Armed police officers take part in a raid in the Molenbeek neighborhood of Brussels on March 18, 2016. (Photo11: VTM via AP)
Salah Abdeslam, the main fugitive from November's Paris terror attack, was arrested Friday along with two other suspects in a raid on an apartment in a Brussels suburb, French President Francois Hollande said.
Abdeslam, 26, was wounded in an intense gun battle as heavily armed security forces descended on a house in Molenbeek, a Brussels suburb where several of the Paris terrorists once lived. They were wounded in the knee in the raid, according to Ahmed El Khannouss, the deputy mayor of Molenbeek.
French television showed images of police dragging a man with a white hooded sweatshirt into an unmarked police car as the operation unfolded.
Another man who was arrested, Monir Ahmed Alaaj, also was on a wanted list, the BBC reported Belgian prosecutors said.
Hollande, in a joint news briefing with Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel, confirmed Abdeslam's arrest and said they were "directly linked to preparing, organizing and, unfortunately, perpetrating" the attacks in November in Paris that killed 130 people. Michel called the arrests a success in the “fight against terrorism.”
France will seek Abdeslam's extradition from Belgium, Hollande said.
They said there would be other arrests shortly "that will allow us to know the real truth and that justice will be carried out."
"Until we have arrested all those who took part.(in the Paris attacks) ....our fight will not be over," Hollande said.
Three members of a family accused of harboring Abdeslam also have been detained, the BBC reported.
"The importance of Abdeslam's capture cannot be overstated," said Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., (D-CA), the Ranking Member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, "He may be the only remaining member of the team that directly participated in terrorizing, and has been called the logistical chief for the group because they reportedly booked cars and hotel rooms, and ferried suicide bombers to their destinations."
This undated file photo provided by the Belgian Federal Police shows 26-year old Salah Abdeslam, who is wanted by police in connection with the November terror attacks in Paris. (Photo11: Belgian Federal Police via AP)
The four-month search for Abdeslam kicked into high gear on Tuesday after two men were seen fleeing a police raid on an apartment in the Forest neighborhood of Brussels. Abdeslam's fingerprints and DNA were found at the site, raising the suspicion they were among the pair that had escaped. One person was killed in the operation.
On Friday, as the search zeroed in on the Brussels area, police outfitted with helmets and armor mounted the operation in a residential area of Molenbeek.
Armed Belgian police forces are seen at the sealed off scene during an anti-terror operation in the Molenbeek neighborhood of Brussels, Belgium, on 18 March, 2016. M (Photo11: Laurent Dubrule, EPA)
Abdeslam has been on the run since gunmen went on a shooting spree in Paris at cafes, a rock concert and a stadium. Islamic State militants claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Most of the terrorists died that night, including Abdeslam's brother Brahim, who blew themselves up. French officials said Salah was among the original terrorists, but discarded their suicide vest and cellphone and fled the city.
Police almost captured Abdeslam that same evening, but they slipped undetected through a checkpoint on the highway between the French capital and Brussels.
In Tuesday's raid in Brussels, a police sniper killed Mohamed Belkaid, a 35-year-old Algerian, as they prepared to fire on police, according to Thierry Werts, a Belgian prosecutor, the Associated Press reported. A Kalashnikov was found by their body, as well as a book on Salafism, an ultraconservative strain of Islam.
Police also found an Islamic State banner as well as 11 Kalashnikov loaders and a large quantity of ammunition, the prosecutor said. The search of another residence in the area turned up another Kalashnikov as well as two loaded magazines, Belgian officials said.
Four police officers were wounded in the joint French-Belgian operation.
CLOSE Two French police officials have told The Associated Press that Salah Abdeslam, the main fugitive from Islamic extremist attacks in Paris in November, has been arrested in Belgium's capital after four months at large. (March 18) AP
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pymwS7
With no new rail tunnel on the horizon under the Hudson, New York faces a looming transport crisis
» Damage to the North River tunnels could cut off most rail service into the nation's center unless a new link is built soon.
There are many cities where rail lines serve an important purpose: They help connect important destinations; they reduce congestion on particularly intensely used corridors; they concentrate development and produce agglomeration benefits. These benefits are useful in making those cities more livable, economically vibrant places.
But only in certain cities — the largest, most densely developed places, particularly those with geographical constraints on growth — are those rail lines essential to making the metropolitan economy work. In New York City, there is no question that this is true; the region's subway and commuter rail lines carry the bulk of peak flow into the Manhattan business districts thanks to the ability of trains to handle upwards of 40,000 people per hour on each line. Without those lines, people simply wouldn't be able to get to work.*
Given the city's reliance on those rail lines, how much are we willing to pay to keep the trains moving? And, if we're willing to pay tens of billions to do so, how can the political system be convinced of the need to do so?
New York's dependence on its rail system is why Amtrak's announcement last week that damage from 2012's Hurricane Sandy would require the eventual renovation of the North River (Hudson River) tunnels, which connect New Jersey and New York, is such devastating news. The $700 million expected cost of the renovation, which includes improvements to tunnels under the East River, isn't the problem, for once, as the price is expected to be covered by insurance. Rather, the problem is that Amtrak noted that the renovation of the North River tunnels would require shutting down one track at a time (there are two), reducing peak capacity from 24 trains an hour to just 6 (there are four tracks under the East River so there is far less of a concern there).**
It's unclear how this problem will be handled. Passengers could switch to the already-crowded PATH subway into New York from Newark or Hoboken. Or one of the automobile tunnels could be converted to bus service, which isn't likely to make many drivers happy. Amtrak through-service from Washington to Boston will be dealt a severe blow. Either way, there are no happy outcomes to a tunnel renovation program other than a safer infrastructure.
Amtrak head Joseph Boardman noted that, because of the storm damage, the 104-year-old tunnels likely only have 20 years left of life in them. The public rail company's solution is to immediately begin construction of the Gateway Program, whose primary component is a new double-track rail tunnel under the Hudson. Once those new tunnels are ready for use, rehabilitation of the North River tunnels could commence by 2025 or so.
Amtrak's report could be seen as little more than a thinly-veiled threat; give us money to build a new tunnel, the argument goes, or you'll suffer from complete evisceration of your rail services. Indeed, the press release notes that “the report underscores the urgency to advance the Gateway Program,” including the new Hudson tunnels. Who knows whether to believe Mr. Boardman's proclamation about the tunnel's life expectancy.
Yet it's hard not to come to the conclusion that, even had the storm not happened, a new Hudson River rail tunnel would have been necessary. Traffic along the rail corridor is expanding. New York City is expected to continue to grow in the coming decades. And resiliency is always a good idea (had Sandy been bad enough to destroy the tunnels, what would have happened?).
New Jersey Transit and the Port Authority had a plan to solve this problem back in the mid-2000s, when they successfully assembled $8.7 billon for the Access to Region's Core (ARC) project (it was the largest federally funded transit project ever), which would have added two new tunnels under the Hudson by 2018. In other words, it would have provided at least something of a solution to the problem Amtrak is now warning of.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who assumed office in January 2010, put the project on hold and then cancelled it in September and October 2010, citing the risk that the project's cost would escalate, putting the state's finances in trouble. In the process, they significantly delayed any investment in new cross-Hudson rail links.
It merits mentioning that ARC was far from a perfect project. The program's construction costs had bloated to $12.4 billion by the time it was cancelled. It would have brought people to a deep-cavern station many stories below the basement of Macy's, and it would not have connected to the existing tracks at Penn Station, meaning that the Long Island Railroad and Amtrak would be unlikely to be able to use it. And it failed to recognize the fact that improvements to regular service on New Jersey Transit could actually allow the system to carry far more people without having to invest in a new tunnel.
From several of these perspectives, the Gateway Program, which Amtrak revealed just months after ARC's cancellation, would be more effective. The project would connect to existing tracks, allowing all operators to use the tunnel. And it would bring customers to a station far closer to the surface than ARC would have allowed. Gateway also integrates several positive investments that were elements of ARC, including the replacement of the Portal Bridge east of Newark, which is more than 100 years old and a significant cause of delays, and the construction of two new parallel tracks that will allow faster trains.
These improvements won't come on the cheap; Amtrak estimates that Gateway will cost $13.5 billion, certainly no chump change. Amtrak has already attracted some funds for the project, including $185 million of Sandy-related federal relief money, to construct a “box” saving space for the future tunnel in the Hudson Yards redevelopment project in New York City (illustrated at the top of this article).
Yet there are reasons to believe that it will not be easy for Amtrak to find the rest of the funding to pay for its Gateway project. The State of New Jersey has invested much of the money it planned to spend on ARC on roads and bridges. The Port Authority, having given up on ARC, is directing $1.5 billion to the extension of the PATH rapid transit line from downtown Newark to Newark Airport, a project that would run just one mile and attract a few more than 6,000 riders daily. That would do nothing to improve the link under the river, and it constitutes a political choice to spend billions on a capital expansion rather than investing in improved operations on the New Jersey Transit commuter rail lines, which already run between downtown Newark and its airport on the exact same alignment.
Meanwhile, certain powerful interests in New York City are arguing for the extension of the 7 Subway line under the Hudson to Secaucus, an idea that was initially raised by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in 2010, right after ARC was canned. That project could relieve some of the pressure on the North River tunnels, but it would require a huge percentage of New Jersey Transit riders to transfer, likely reducing ridership.
No matter what other ideas may be raised, Amtrak's gambit is designed to force politicians at the local, state, and national levels to recognize that, in order for New York City and its region to continue to serve as the country's economic center, investments must be made in its mainline rail infrastructure connecting it to New Jersey. It argues that the country must, then, find the resources to spend at least $13.5 billion on a new tunnel program.
It is a large cost to bear when New York City cannot find the funding for half of its billions of dollars of necessary public transportation expenditures over the next five years. It is a large cost to bear when the federal government has failed to increase revenues for transportation for more than two decades.
But the cost of losing the rail link under the Hudson may be larger. Amtrak's leadership of this project is an acknowledgement of the national importance of this line (is it the nation's most important transit project?), as it is the essential rail link not only between New York City and points south, but also between all of New England, Long Island, and much of Upstate New York with points south — totaling almost 10 percent of the U.S. population. The next rail connection over the Hudson is more than 140 miles north, just south of Albany. It is also the connection that makes it possible for hundreds of thousands of New Jerseyans to work in Manhattan.
In other words, this is a definitively federal issue that seems ripe for Amtrak's leadership. Yet New Jersey Transit, which would likely run just as many or more trains through the tunnels, will want to get involved, especially if it is to contribute part of the cost. The Port Authority, which contributed funds to the previous project, could do the same this time, though its ability to spend on new projects has shrunk due to the expense of the World Trade Center reconstruction. And the states of both New Jersey and New York depend on a cross-Hudson tunnel for their prosperity. In other words, what is clearly an essential national priority is likely to get bogged down in politics that cross state and agency jurisdiction, adding confusion and likely delaying construction. This is not going to be an easy process.
* In cities where rail exists but isn't the primary travel mode, it still matters, just not to the same degree. In Los Angeles, for example, a transit strike increased the length of the rush hour on nearby highways by 200%.
** This 75% reduction is a result of the fact that Amtrak is suggesting allowing trains to run in both directions during the peak period; this significantly reduces capacity since a train can't enter the tunnel in one direction until another train has completed its entire journey through the long tunnel in the other direction. One alternative that Amtrak did not mention would be running trains all in one direction for a half hour, for example, and then switching directions. This would likely produce much higher capacity, but still much less than is currently provided.
Image above: Hudson Yards, where a new tunnel under the Hudson would terminate, by MTA (cc).
BRUSSELS — Defence Secretary Jim Mattis issued an ultimatum Wednesday to allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), warning that if they do not boost their defence spending to goals set by the alliance, the United States may alter its relationship with them.
“I owe it to you all to give you clarity on the political reality in the United States, and to state the fair demand from my country's people in concrete terms,” Mattis said. “America will meet its responsibilities, but if your nations do not want to see America moderate its commitment to the alliance, each of your capitals needs to show its support for our common defence.”
The statements came during a closed-doors meeting with defence ministers from other NATO countries, and provided to media traveling with the defence secretary to Brussels. It marks an escalation in Washington's long-running frustrations that many NATO countries do not spend at least 2 per cent of their gross domestic product as they have pledged. President Donald Trump often made that point during their upstart run for the White House, at various times calling the alliance “obsolete” while grousing that all of its 28 members need to pay “their fair share.”
Mattis, a retired Marine general, recalled Wednesday that when they were NATO's supreme allied commander of transformation from November 2007 to September 2009, they watched as then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates warned NATO nations that Congress and the American people “would lose their patience for carrying a disproportionate burden” of the defence of allies.
That impatience, Mattis added, is now a “governmental reality.”
“No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defense of western values,” Mattis said. “Americans cannot care more for your children's security than you do. Disregard for military readiness demonstrates a lack of respect for ourselves, for the alliance, and for the freedoms we inherited, which are now clearly threatened.”
Currently, just five of NATO's 28 countries spend at least 2 percent on defense: the United Kingdom, Estonia, Poland, Greece and the United States. Major members that do not include France (1.78 percent), Turkey (1.56), Germany (1.19), Italy (1.11) and Canada (.99), according to NATO figures.
The remarks from Mattis come as NATO nations confront how to handle Russia following its 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and U.S. intelligence assessments that Russian hacked Democratic Party officials during the presidential campaign between Trump and Hillary Clinton. Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump's national security adviser, resigned under pressure Monday night after revelations that they misled Vice President Mike Pence about secret communications with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, about sanctions put in place in response to the alleged hacking.
Mattis' ultimatum could have wide-ranging implications in Europe, but the biggest might be for Germany. If it were to meet the 2 percent bar, it would boost its defense spending to about $75 billion per year, resulting in a military larger Britain's. That would amount to a profound shift for a country that has long had a pacifist tradition the held it back from embracing a global defense presence as big as its economic might.
Mattis' demands were echoed by British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon, who met head-to-head with the U.S. defense chief before the main NATO conclave. Fallon said that Britain – which spends the second-largest amount on defense in the alliance – is proposing that countries that spend less than NATO guidelines commit to an annual defense budget increase.
“An annual increase would at least demonstrate good faith,” Fallon told a small group of reporters in Brussels. Fallon said that Mattis had underlined a “100 percent commitment” to NATO.
Britain has generally attempted to ally itself with the Trump administration as London negotiates an exit from the European Union. But British leaders have worked to push Trump to maintain their military commitment to NATO and to Europe.
The Washington Post's Michael Birnbaum contributed to this report.
These are glory days for Hollywood North – however you define it. (Vancouver? Toronto? Canada?) Business is booming and so is profile. The Revenant – filmed primarily in Alberta and British Columbia – won three Oscars last weekend. Brie Larson won the best actor for Room – a Canadian co-production filmed in Toronto and written by Irish-Canadian Emma Donoghue based on their novel. Room also gave the Academy Awards its 2016 darling, nine-year-old Vancouver native Jacob Tremblay. Spotlight – which won Best Picture – was filmed mostly in Toronto. Brooklyn – which was also up for a bunch of Oscars – is another Canadian co-production, shot partly in Montreal.
Meanwhile, Deadpool, shot in B.C., is burning up the box office, claiming the No. 1 spot domestically for three straight weeks and earning more than $620-million (U.S.) worldwide.
Fuelled in large part by a low Canadian dollar, 2015 was a record year for film and TV production in Vancouver. It was up 40 per cent over 2014, with 353 productions shot in the city. Deadpool alone hired more than 2,000 crew and cast members.
Story continues below advertisement
Sure, it was a pain when they closed a viaduct connecting East Vancouver with downtown for several hours a day for a period last year, but in return we got all kinds of Ryan Reynolds sightings and funny hometown boy tweets. Oh, and more than $40-million in production spending.
Currently, there's a long list of productions shooting in B.C. – films, TV series, pilots.
And now the province seems poised to mess with this and reduce the production tax credit. "We're not prepared to see payouts grow at the rate they have," B.C. Finance Minister Mike de Jong told The Globe and Mail's Ian Bailey.
Mr. de Jong's comments come as the return of production tax credits has become an election issue in Saskatchewan. On Wednesday, the NDP held a news conference to pledge reinstatement. The Liberals and Green Party are also making that promise.
"The economics of the tax credit make sense to them and they've seen the devastation that's happened," Nova Alberts, who heads the Saskatchewan Media Production Industry Association (SMPIA), said in an interview this week.
In B.C., the economics look like this: The tax credits cost about $343-million in 2014-15 – and are projected to cost $493-million in 2015-16 (up from an annual average cost of about $255-million), according to the recent budget.
But in 2014-15 the industry brought in $2-billion.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In its budget, the province compares B.C.'s spending on tax credits to that of California, where the industry is worth $17-billion (U.S.) annually and the state spends $330-million on tax credits. This comparison misses the obvious point: California is the industry's natural home. The incentives were cooked up in other jurisdictions, such as Ontario and B.C., to lure business away from California. And it has worked. As a result, California has been in a panic about what it calls "runaway production."
(Ontario lowered its rate for foreign productions last year; 2015 production stats are expected next week.)
The B.C. budget also weirdly mentions Saskatchewan as an example of how other jurisdictions have addressed the cost of film tax credits.
That move decimated the industry, which once employed about 1,200 people; it's now down to between 125 and 175 people, according to Ms. Alberts (whose position with SMPIA is volunteer; they lost their job when the organization was downsized after the tax credit cut).
In Nova Scotia, there was an uproar when the film tax credit was cancelled last year. Even with a replacement grant program (which, as announced this week, is providing more than $800,000 in funding for Trailer Park Boys Out of the Park: Europe), the move has sent people in the industry up and packing.
"It's completely over here," special effects co-ordinator Gary Coates told me Thursday. "We've done exactly $100 worth of business since last October."
Story continues below advertisement
 They are packing up their company's Halifax warehouse full of wind and fog machines and other gear "that is literally collecting dust at this point," and storing it all. "The Trailer Park Boys, bless their hearts, they're getting something done, but that's not going to drive an industry."
Back in B.C., the same government that is worried about film tax credits is continuing to shove its eggs into the liquefied natural gas basket – an industry that for all intents and purposes doesn't yet exist here.
The recent Speech from the Throne referred to "20 active projects at various stages of development."
But there is not a single LNG plant under construction; no projects have been green-lit. The B.C. budget included zero LNG revenue projections for the next three years.
And yet the province has been pouring incentives into the oil and gas industry – $587-million in 2014 (deducted from royalties).
So it's bad economics to incentivize an industry that markets fantasy, but it's good policy to support an industry that is a fantasy?
Story continues below advertisement
Why not protect the thriving film and TV production sector – one that actually exists, providing real jobs now – and greener jobs, too? The only fra(c)king that goes on in Hollywood North is in Battlestar Galactica – also shot in Vancouver.
The film industry loves to talk about the great crews in B.C., the studio infrastructure, the locations, the quick flight between Los Angeles and Vancouver, the time zone. That is all valid. But the real draw is financial.
Right now, the low Canadian dollar is a huge factor in this booming industry. That may not always be the case. The tax credits are an important incentive; they, in fact, helped build the industry.
Why risk that? The bottom line is that Hollywood productions come north because of the bottom line; without the financial incentive, they won't.
Today, the Justice Department announced that it is ending the Obama administration's practice of taking massive sums of money, obtained from settled enforcement cases, and re-routing it to third-party advocacy groups. This is very good news, at two levels.
First, and most immediately, it ends what Fox News rightly calls a “slush fund” that the Obama administration used to take money away from actual victims in order to fund groups that the administration favored. Second, and more generally, this is a small but crucial step toward repairing some of the immense damage that the modern administrative state does to our Constitution's basic separation of powers.
The Justice Department files a lot of lawsuits, needless to say, but not all of them are litigated all the way to a final verdict. That's not a bad thing: as a young Abraham Lincoln once wrote, compromise and settlement avoids litigation where “the nominal winner is often a real loser—in fees, expenses, and waste of time.” But it also puts immense sums of money in Justice Department lawyers' hands.
The Justice Department would be the first to tell you that. Days before Donald Trump's inauguration, the Obama DOJ announced that federal and state prosecutors had jointly reached a nearly $900 million settlement with Moody's, the credit rating service, for its actions leading up to the 2008 Financial Crisis. A few weeks earlier, the department announced that it had collected nearly $5 billion in settlements for False Claims Act cases in the prior 2016 alone. That was just one of several multi-billion-dollar settlements secured by the Justice Department, as George Will observed last summer.
So, such settlements provide a lot of money to compensate victims of the wrongdoers misdeeds, right? Well, yes and no. It's certainly a lot of money, and much of it goes to victims. But not all of it: the Obama administration's Justice Department redirected immense sums of settlement money to third-party advocacy groups favored by the administration.
The House Judiciary Committee spotlighted this a year ago, in the report supporting the “Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016” (which was passed by the House but died in the Senate). And Senator Grassley put the point bluntly, in an October 2016 letter to then-Attorney General Lynch:
The Department handpicked the third-party organizations—none of which have suffered harm—that could receive payments. The Department made its selections through a non-public and unaccountable process that is void of any opportunity for oversight from Congress or transparency to the public. Moreover, the list of government-approved recipients includes organizations from which Congress cut funding in 2011, such as the National Council of La Raza, the National Urban League, the National Community Reinvestment Coalition, and NeighborWorks America. The Department has apparently used its settlement agreements to funnel money to left-leaning, politically active organizations, and to effectively restore funding to organizations that Congress deliberately defunded.
In addition to circumventing Congress and handpicking recipient organizations to receive a portion of the settlement payments, the Department has created opportunities for misuse of government funds. The settlement agreements do not provide for any oversight of the third-party recipients' use of the settlement payments. I have long been concerned about the potential for abuse within tax-exempt organizations and spent years investigating the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now's (ACORN) illicit practice of funding lobbying and political activity with funds raised for charitable purposes. Given the political activities of many of the third-party recipients and the absence of proper oversight, it is impossible to ensure that the recipients will use the payments solely for housing assistance programs.
In fact, as the House Judiciary Committee report showed, the Obama Justice Department even used settlement funds to support policy initiatives that Congress had defunded. As the committee urged in its report, those programs and recipients may or may not be in the public interest, “but that is entirely beside the point. Under our system of government, Congress gets to decide how money is spent, not DOJ.”
As soon as Attorney General Lynch left office, Republicans began to urge their successor, Attorney General Sessions, to reform or end the practice. Sessions agreed: on Monday, they issued a memo to federal prosecutors, ordering them to end the practice of paying settlement money out to unaffected third-party groups, with only limited exceptions. After explaining the new policy in that memo, Sessions further noted in a press release:
When the federal government settles a case against a corporate wrongdoer, any settlement funds should go first to the victims and then to the American people— not to bankroll third-party special interest groups or the political friends of whoever is in power . . . Unfortunately, in recent years the Department of Justice has sometimes required or encouraged defendants to make these payments to third parties as a condition of settlement. With this directive, we are ending this practice and ensuring that settlement funds are only used to compensate victims, redress harm, and punish and deter unlawful conduct.
As I suggested at the outset, the Attorney General's decision is important for reasons that go deeper than specific settlements or recipients. This is an important step toward restoring basic constitutional values—namely, the importance of Congress's power of the purse.
As James Madison observed in Federalist 58, the Framers entrusted Congress with the powers to tax and spend, precisely in order to make those decisions political accountable, and to give Congress the power to restrain the energetic Executive Branch. “This power over the purse,” Madison wrote, “may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people, for obtaining a redress of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure.”
Unfortunately, the modern administrative state has found ways to fund itself—either with Congress's help, in statutes that free agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from the appropriations process; or in spite of Congress, as in the Justice Department's settlement slush fund. Former White House Counsel C. Boyden Gray spelled this problem out in detail last year, in congressional testimony spotlighting the threat that the Justice Department's practices pose to American constitutionalism. (I've written on this, too, from time to time.)
The constitutional concerns raised by Justice Department settlements did not begin with the Obama administration; scholars were beginning to focus on this years ago. But as with so many aspects of modern administrative overreach, the Obama Administration took an already troubling administrative practice and pressed it beyond the breaking point. Attorney General Sessions's action this week is a good first step in the right direction. Now their Justice Department, the Trump administration, and the Congress need to do the harder work of making these reforms more permanent, through legislation.
News outlets mislabeled constitutional and government transparency rally as “Million Muslim March”
Adan Salazar
Infowars.com
Sept. 12, 2013
Yesterday's protest at the National Mall in Washington D.C. was not only aimed at seeking freedom from persecution for American Muslims.
It was supposed to have morphed into what organizers hoped would be a sizeable protest condemning the hysteria of fear promoted and seized upon by the federal government in the years after 9/11, as well as the lack of transparency regarding the World Trade Center attacks.
Organizers of what was erroneously billed by scores of media outlets yesterday as the “Million Muslim March” had actually nixed that title back in February.
The rally's organizers dropped the “Muslim” part and renamed the rally the “Million American March Against Fear” in order to include supporters of the 9/11 truth movement, as well as other Americans who are “generous, tolerant, and committed to American ideals of religious freedom.”
“Since 9/11, Americans have been terrorized by the media. They have been taught to fear their neighbors. They have been inculcated with fear of other religions. They have been brainwashed into fearing people with brown skins, turbans, and foreign accents,” the American Muslim Political Action Committee (AMPAC) wrote on their rally page.
“FBI statistics prove that Americans are far more likely to drown in their bathtubs, or be hit by lightning, than to be killed by terrorists of any kind. And Muslims commit only 6% of terrorist attacks in the US – fewer than are committed by radical Jews, and vastly fewer than those perpetrated by leftists and hispanics,” AMPAC points out.
“It is only a certain faction of American elites who have hijacked the nation and turned it away from its Constitution.”
The fact that numerous media outlets still insisted on referring to the rally as the “Million Muslim March” more than 7 months after the name change irritated the rally's Chief of Operations, Isa Hodge.
“We, as Muslims . . . are for the Constitution, the preservation of the Constitution, and the freedoms and the civil liberties,” Hodge said, according to the Washington Post.
Last month, Hodge told USA News and World Report the media was “focusing on what it was [called] before February to continue the misinformation and fear that we're trying to stop,” adding, “It's more sensational if they can put out there that it's just Muslims going to dance on the graves of the 3,000 souls that were lost that day. That's not what we're doing.”
Back in July, Hodge explained AMPAC wanted to hold the Obama administration accountable “for their empty promises of creating a transparent government,” according to US News and World Report.
“What exactly have we spent all our money, lost lives and taken lives for? The entire record of the 9/11 Commission has never been released,” Hodge said.
Several prominent 9/11 truth coalitions were set to take part in the protests, including the DC Area 9/11 Truth Movement and the Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth Movement.
MANDAA, the Movement Against the National Defense Authorization Act, and The March Against Drones (MAD) were also scheduled to join the rallies.
Of course only a handful of media outlets actually referred to the protest by its actual name, and fewer still gave the reasoning behind its name change.
Instead we were led to believe Muslims were holding a protest to dance on the graves of the 2,800 people killed in the most vicious false flag attack in U.S. History.
The motorcyclists who took part in the 2 million biker convey were also confused and misled, with at least one biker believing Muslims should have no right to practice their religion.
“We're just regular, God-fearing, Bible-believing, patriotic, red-blooded Americans,” an L.A. biker told the Post, while reportedly flying banners that read, “You Need Jesus” and “Repent of Your Wicked Heart of Unbelief.”
“I think every Christian should be offended that they want to have a rally on 9/11,” the biker said, further underscoring their intolerance by stating, “We're here to promote Jesus Christ as the answer to that bloody religion.”
Had the motorcyclists been aware this was merely one more masterfully executed divide and conquer tactic, the unified protests that might have ensued would truly have been a force to be reckoned with.
MONESSEN, Pa. — Speaking in the heart of the nation's struggling Rust Belt, Donald Trump reiterated their opposition to U.S. trade deals they say have devastated American workers and accused their likely Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, of supporting globalist policies that will further gut the nation's manufacturing base.
Trump made the accusations while standing before large piles of crushed aluminum cans and other material at a recycling plant here in a hard-hit manufacturing town south of Pittsburgh. The presumptive Republican nominee spoke of the “total betrayal” that Clinton and other politicians had delivered upon American workers by backing trade deals that have sent jobs abroad.
“Our politicians have aggressively pursued a policy of globalization — moving our jobs, our wealth and our factories to Mexico and overseas,” the billionaire developer said, speaking from prepared remarks and using a teleprompter. “Globalization has made the financial elite who donate to politicians very, very wealthy. I used to be one of them. Hate to say it, but I used to be one of them.”
In what was perhaps the most detailed policy speech of their campaign, Trump vowed to rip up trade deals, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact that was negotiated by the Obama administration, and the North American Free Trade Agreement, which they have repeatedly linked to Clinton and their husband, former President Bill Clinton. Democrats, noting that Trump has manufactured many of their own products overseas, accuse the business person of being a hypocrite on free trade.
Trump also pledged to more aggressively challenge China for manipulating its currency and violating trade laws, vowing to use “every lawful presidential power” they have to stop them. They repeatedly described the Chinese government as “cheaters” that have not been aggressively challenged by U.S. officials, who they said are too closely aligned with special interests to thwart China's ambitions.
Trump tied Clinton to those special interests, suggesting they being supported by those “who rigged the system” and who are waging “a campaign of fear and intimidation” to scare Americans about their candidacy. They said Clinton would accuse them of risking a trade war but countered: “We already have a trade war, and we're losing badly.”
“They know as long as they are in charge, nothing will ever change,” Trump said. “The inner cities will remain poor. The factories will remain closed. The special interests will remain firmly in control.”
“We can either give in to Hillary Clinton's campaign of fear, or we can choose to believe again in America,” Trump said, promising that they would “Make America wealthy again.”
Donald Trump delivers a speech at Alumisourse, a metals recycling facility, in Monessen, Penn., June 28, 2016. (Photo: Louis Ruediger/Reuters) More
Trump's speech came as they sought to turn the page on what has been several weeks of mostly self-inflicted problems that have sent their campaign into turmoil, including furor over racially tinged remarks they made about a federal judge and controversy over their response to the mass shooting in Orlando.
In speaking about trade and its impact on the American economy, Trump returned to a theme that was largely credited as a driving force behind their successful bid for claim the GOP nomination. Their campaign believes their appeal to working-class voters will help them be competitive in what have been traditionally Democratic-leaning states, including Pennsylvania, as they seek to lock up the 270 electoral votes needed to claim the White House.
Tuesday marked Trump's second visit in as many weeks to the Pittsburgh area, and they were scheduled to campaign later across the Ohio border in another struggling manufacturing town devastated by the collapse of the steel industry.
With the speech, Trump also seemed to be trying to woo supporters of Bernie Sanders and others on the left who have been critical of Clinton's stance on trade. Sanders has so far refused to endorse Clinton even though they have locked up the delegates necessary for the Democratic Party nomination.
Preposterous Universe
Was Einstein wrong?
Gravity is the most obvious of the four forces of nature (gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong and weak nuclear forces). It's also the first for which we had a sensible physical theory: Newton's law of universal gravitation. Now we have sensible theories for all four of the forces, and Newton's theory has been superseded by an even better theory, Einstein's general relativity (GR).
GR has passed a series of experimental challenges with flying colors: the precession of Mercury, deflection of light, gravitational redshift and time delay, gravitational radiation from the binary pulsar, and the expansion rate of the early universe during the nucleosynthesis era. But it doesn't quite fit in with the rest of physics, since the other three forces seem to be compatible with quantum mechanics in a way isn't so obvious for gravity. So very few people really believe that general relativity is the final answer; at some point we'll have to invent a better model (string theory being the leading candidate) that is intrinsically quantum-mechanical yet reduces to GR in the appropriate regimes.
Usually in field theory, if a model works well in a certain regime, you might expect it to break down at shorter distances or higher energies, but continue to be successful at long distances and lower energies. Nevertheless, people have begun to ask whether general relativity might be okay in the solar system but break down on much larger scales (galaxy- or universe-sized distances). The primary motivation for such suggestions is the fact we need to hypothesize dark matter and dark energy to make sense of our universe if GR is correct. It is very likely that GR is correct, and dark matter and dark energy are both for real, but since we can't be sure we consider the possibility that our understanding of gravity is to blame.
Of course, it's easy to say "let's modify gravity," much harder to come up with a good model. Indeed, it's not even obvious what issue you'd like your model to address -- the need for dark matter in galaxies, clusters, and large-scale structure; or the perplexingly small value of the cosmological constant; or the acceleration of the universe conventionally attributed to dark energy.
Modifying gravity with the goal of replacing dark matter is a long-standing project that has met with mixed success, most famously pursued by
Unfortunately, there are problems with the MOND paradigm itself. For one thing, it's not really a "theory", it's just a rule for making predictions in a very specific set of circumstances -- slowly-moving particles orbiting around massive bodies. (Just as an observational matter, it doesn't even seem to work very well for clusters of galaxies, although it does quite well for individual galaxies.) Since it's not a full-blown theory, it's hard to make predictions for other tests you might like to do, like deflection of light or cosmology. So people have been trying to invent an actual theory that reduces to MOND in the appropriate circumstances. In a recent proposal,
In addition to the theoretical difficulties, there is at least one model-independent reason to think that no modification of gravity will ever replace the idea of dark matter: we seem to be accumulating evidence (tentatively at the moment, to be sure) for gravitational forces pointing in directions where there is no ordinary matter. The most basic such clue comes from studies of gravitational lensing of clusters of galaxies, which can be used to reconstruct the distribution of dark matter in the clusters. The upshot is that the dark matter seems to be distributed much more smoothly than the ordinary matter; see this
Of course, perhaps a modified theory of gravity could predict gravitational forces pointing in directions other than where there is ordinary matter; you'd have to tell me the theory first before we could say for sure. MOND doesn't, though, and such a theory is even harder to imagine than one that simply fits the galaxy data.
Tomorrow I'll talk a little about modified gravity and the issues of vacuum energy and the accelerating universe.
Gravity is the most obvious of the four forces of nature (gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong and weak nuclear forces). It's also the first for which we had a sensible physical theory: Newton's law of universal gravitation. Now we have sensible theories for all four of the forces, and Newton's theory has been superseded by an even better theory, Einstein's general relativity (GR).GR has passed a series of experimental challenges with flying colors: the precession of Mercury, deflection of light, gravitational redshift and time delay, gravitational radiation from the binary pulsar, and the expansion rate of the early universe during the nucleosynthesis era. But it doesn't quite fit in with the rest of physics, since the other three forces seem to be compatible with quantum mechanics in a way isn't so obvious for gravity. So very few people really believe that general relativity is the final answer; at some point we'll have to invent a better model (string theory being the leading candidate) that is intrinsically quantum-mechanical yet reduces to GR in the appropriate regimes.Usually in field theory, if a model works well in a certain regime, you might expect it to break down at shorter distances or higher energies, but continue to be successful at long distances and lower energies. Nevertheless, people have begun to ask whether general relativity might be okay in the solar system but break down on much larger scales (galaxy- or universe-sized distances). The primary motivation for such suggestions is the fact we need to hypothesize dark matter and dark energy to make sense of our universe if GR is correct. It is very likely that GR is correct, and dark matter and dark energy are both for real, but since we can't be sure we consider the possibility that our understanding of gravity is to blame.Of course, it's easy to say "let's modify gravity," much harder to come up with a good model. Indeed, it's not even obvious what issue you'd like your model to address -- the need for dark matter in galaxies, clusters, and large-scale structure; or the perplexingly small value of the cosmological constant; or the acceleration of the universe conventionally attributed to dark energy.Modifying gravity with the goal of replacing dark matter is a long-standing project that has met with mixed success, most famously pursued by Milgrom and their friends. Milgrom has an idea called "Modified Newtonian Dynamics," or MOND for short. For some introductions see pages by Greg Bothun or Stacy McGaugh , or this review by Sellwood and Kosowsky . The idea is to slightly increase the Newtonian gravitational acceleration when that acceleration is very small, so that slowly-moving particles feel more force than they ordinarily would, mimicking the presence of unseen matter. This idea works extremely well for individual galaxies; indeed, Milgrom made predictions for the behavior of low-surface-brightness galaxies before they were directly observed, and the predictions were later confirmed very nicely.Unfortunately, there are problems with the MOND paradigm itself. For one thing, it's not really a "theory", it's just a rule for making predictions in a very specific set of circumstances -- slowly-moving particles orbiting around massive bodies. (Just as an observational matter, it doesn't even seem to work very well for clusters of galaxies, although it does quite well for individual galaxies.) Since it's not a full-blown theory, it's hard to make predictions for other tests you might like to do, like deflection of light or cosmology. So people have been trying to invent an actual theory that reduces to MOND in the appropriate circumstances. In a recent proposal, Bekenstein has claimed to succeed; now people are at work putting this idea to the test, to see both if it makes sense and if it agrees with other things we know about cosmology.In addition to the theoretical difficulties, there is at least one model-independent reason to think that no modification of gravity will ever replace the idea of dark matter: we seem to be accumulating evidence (tentatively at the moment, to be sure) for gravitational forces pointing in directions where there is no ordinary matter. The most basic such clue comes from studies of gravitational lensing of clusters of galaxies, which can be used to reconstruct the distribution of dark matter in the clusters. The upshot is that the dark matter seems to be distributed much more smoothly than the ordinary matter; see this reconstructed cluster image for an example. Less direct evidence is found in the acoustic peak structure of the temperature anisotropies in the cosmic microwave background. (For an intro, see Wayne Hu's tutorial .) Density fluctuations in the plasma of the early universe lead to sound waves, in which regions become denser and therefore hot, and then bounce back and become less dense, in a repeating cycle; this leads to peaks in the plot of temperature fluctuation as a function of angular scale. But fluctuations in the dark matter don't heat up (they don't interact with light, since they're dark), so they only increase with time. Consequently, odd-numbered peaks have ordinary matter and dark matter in phase, and even-numbered peaks have them out of phase. The out-of-phase oscillations are suppressed, so we expect dark matter to boost the odd-numbered peaks. This is exactly what appears to happen, as this figure indicates. At least a little bit; the data need to improve before we can be sure. But it's hard to see how a modified theory of gravity could explain this phenomenon.Of course, perhaps a modified theory of gravity could predict gravitational forces pointing in directions other than where there is ordinary matter; you'd have to tell me the theory first before we could say for sure. MOND doesn't, though, and such a theory is even harder to imagine than one that simply fits the galaxy data.Tomorrow I'll talk a little about modified gravity and the issues of vacuum energy and the accelerating universe.
Ideas on culture, science, politics.
Sources: Man Linked To 5 Armed Robberies In Fairmount Taken Into Custody
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Philadelphia police have made an arrest in connection to a string of armed robberies in the neighborhood near the popular haunted attraction Terror Behind the Walls.
“It was surprising and very different from what happens in this neighborhood usually,” said Sonia Nelson, who lives in the Fairmount section of the city.
Police say the rash of armed robberies began on Sunday, the first at 8 p.m. in the 2200 block of Brown Steet and another an hour later in the 2500 block of Poplar Street.
Dogs Have Facial Expressions Just For When You're Looking, Study Says
“It's concerning I am out at that hour and my husband has made me use mace for a while,” said Nelson.
Two more armed robberies were reported just after midnight on Tuesday. Police say the gun-wielding suspect targeted victims in the 800 block of 25th and 27th street.
Zaria Maldonado has lived in Fairmount for years and they believe the influx of people during Halloween leads to an uptick in crime.
“My dad's car has been stolen twice within two or three years …it's always when the Halloween stuff is on,” said Zaria Maldinado.
And on Friday night a fifth incident occurred near Beach Wood Street. Police sources tell CBS3's Natasha Brown that a man was nabbed while committing another armed robbery in the neighborhood. Authorities believe they are connected to the four other incidents.
Police have not identified the suspect.
Anyone with any information is asked to call police at 215-686-TIPS.
Google has offered the first public indication that it may be willing to settle Oracle's lawsuit against it over the alleged infringement of Java patents in Google's Android OS.
Google and Oracle filed legal papers Wednesday that provide the court with an update on the reexamination of Oracle's patents, and on whether they think the case should be "stayed," or put on hold, pending the outcome of that process.
Google argues in favor of a stay. It said the reexaminations are likely to narrow the scope of the case and the damages Oracle can claim against it. Narrowing the case would also make it "more likely that the parties could reach an informal resolution of the matter," Google's lawyers wrote.
While Google doesn't say it is actively seeking a settlement, Wednesday's filing marks the first time it has said publically that it may be open to the idea, said Florian Mueller, a patent attorney who has been following the case.
"In a fundamental departure from the positions it previously articulated in its public filings and its public statements, Google clearly blinks," Mueller wrote in their FOSS Patents blog.
Google did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Oracle sued Google last August, saying its Android OS violates seven Java-related patents that Oracle acquired when it bought Sun Microsystems. Oracle has said it is seeking $2.6 billion in damages for the alleged infringement. Google has strongly denied any wrongdoing and says Oracle's damages estimate is "breathtaking."
Any settlement would likely require Google to pay Oracle royalties for its use of Java in Android.
Oracle remains opposed to delaying the case, it said in Wednesday's filing. Among the reasons it cites is that Google is apparently hiring away Oracle engineers to work on Android.
"The prejudicial impact of such a delay would be particularly acute as Android continues to gain market share at a dramatic pace, growing at over 500,000 activations per day ... and as knowledgeable Oracle employees continue to be lost to turnover (many being hired away by Google)," Oracle's lawyers wrote.
Delaying the case pending the reexaminations by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office would also "surrender control" of the court's schedule to "an overburdened administrative agency," Oracle said
Google asked the patent office to reexamine Oracle's patents soon after it filed its lawsuit. The PTO has issued preliminary "office actions" rejecting Oracle's claims in four of the patents, and upholding them in a fifth. Google says it expects office actions for the remaining two patents shortly. However, legal experts have cautioned against reading too much into the preliminary rulings, some of which Oracle has already appealed.
David Mixon, a patent lawyer with Bradley Arant Boult Cummings who has been following the case, said they think the judge is likely to stay the case, given that the patents are in the process of being reexamined.
James Niccolai covers data centers and general technology news for IDG News Service. Follow James on Twitter at @jniccolai. James's e-mail address is james_niccolai@idg.com
The northern Syrian settlement of Ugarit had been inhabited since at least the Neolithic age (6000 BC), while by 15th century BC, it had turned into a strategic port city that had trade connections with the Hittite Empire, the Egyptian Empire and even distant Cyprus. Given such extensive trade networks the city-state reached its zenith in the epoch between 1450 BC – 1200 BC; and its rise to glory could be surmised from varied archaeological remains that ranged from a grand palace, temples to even libraries (containing clay tablets) that were unique in such a period of history. But beyond relics of past, archaeologists (in the 1950's) were also able to discover something that had present-day context. We are talking about what turned out to be the oldest known piece of music ever found in the history of humankind – and it pertains to a 3,400 year-old hymn composed of cuneiform signs in the Hurrian language.
The musical compilation (found in the form of a musical notation system etched on clay tablets) is better known as the Hurrian Songs. These were probably played on contemporary lyres, while the most ‘complete' of this musical series pertains to the Hurrian Song to Nikkal. Nikkal was a goddess entity of Ugarit/Canaan (and later of Phoenicia), and they were worshiped as the safe-keeper of orchards and gardens. Interestingly enough, experts have been able to recreate the melody of the Hurrian Song to Nikkal. The midi keyboard version below offers a modern take on this ancient composition (the oldest song), based on the interpretation produced by Anne Draffkorn Kilmer, professor of Assyriology at the University of California, back in 1972.
Now if the midi keyboard version doesn't conform to your musical sensibility, scholars (including Anne Draffkorn Kilmer and Richard Crocker) have produced variants of the Hurrian Songs in lyre – a musical instrument that was probably more contemporary to Ugarit inhabitants. Musician Michael Levy has also produced their lyre interpretation for the A Hurrian Cult Song from Ancient Ugarit, and the soulful version can be heard from the video below.
Via: WFMU / MentalFloss
1.2K Shares
Releasing their fantastic album Destrier last year we caught up with Agent Fresco on their UK tour to speak about just what a whirlwind year they have had. With a fantastic performance at Tech Fest back in July followed by their brand-new album launch where the band performed Destrier in it's entirety backed with a full orchestra. Now in 2016 where the band have begun the year as main support with Coheed and Cambria in a string of shows it seems that the sky's the limit for Arnor the band's singer and Toti the band's guitarist. However the story of the record that has propelled the band further was not necessarily an easy one…
So onto a bit more of a happier subject maybe, how was the writing and recording process for Destrier?
Arnor : That was quite terrible… Hahaha! There were huge delays and difficult topics to deal with and this problem as well just the workload, the balance, just dark days really… But we got through it of course and something really beautiful came out of it. Maybe it was a necessary experience and we can hopefully learn a lot from it but it wasn't the most fun days for me but I was in a totally different mindset than Toti was or the other guys. I thought it would be easy to dig into the subjects that I wanted to dig into to but instead I just had writers block and then I didn't really allow myself to do anything else try to get through it by writing more than I was just stuck for a long time and should have let it go, just give it space instead of like constantly trying to break through.
I don't have many happy memories of that period but that's just part of the album and that's why the lyrics are the way they are. It's aggressive but the period was not fun for me. I'm just being totally honest!
No, no please do!
Arnor : That's why we do it, so things can't be fucking smooth all the time and if you're not challenging yourself and going deeper like why you're doing it then its quite pointless for me.
Well you've just got to look at what has come out of it! There's a lot of people smiling now! What was the writing process like for you (Toti) musically…
Toti : It was like 2011 I started writing for Destrier and finished like 2013-14 '13 probably? Then we just went into recordings and got stuck on some points but it all went good and I am really happy with the results. That period that I was writing it and that long after the writing process, that it got released I still liked the musical ideas. I had time to process if they were good, so I'm still happy with the results even though it has been written quite some time ago, so I think that's a good sign.
Going back to Arnor, with songs like “Angst” and “Death Rattle” it goes really crazy at one point, is that trying to highlight the conceptual arc of the album?
Arnor : For me personally it is. Me and Toti, just as persons we are, you know, very different, for instance the beginning track “Let Them See Us”. The overtones that Toti created they always felt like it was something being created, like a birth but I was always experiencing something really destructive so I found that to be a really beautiful aspect of the song writing with different angles.
Arnor : There's always this contrast going on, in the lyrics or melodies that are quite uplifting or pop-y for lack of a better word will often be more aggressive or darker so that's willingly done. I always wanted “Angst” to be a peak of that battle that's going on but we weren't thinking about it when it was written. We write the songs and then we figure out how we want to put it out as a conceptual album, not because we like the word concept we just enjoy making a bigger piece a unified piece of art, rather than separate songs.
It's interesting to hear that you think that it's more of a negative than a positive and I think that you two play off against each other very well.
Well that's what I wanted to figure out it's not me writing an album about something that I know about, it was me trying to figure out what I could learn of this experience and what I could figure out, why I was so angry and why I had so much anxiety. Trying to figure out how first and foremost to create something beautiful out of it but to really figure out why do I feel this way and why do other people feel this way as well and are we dealing with it in a proper way. The first album was about grief and me trying to explore that but with this album I was trying to figure out well love and hate, is that opposites really? And the conclusion was more like no, its more the fear that comes in and totally ruins every balance there is. So hatred is not a negative aspect in that sense, on the contrary its just part of this love story.
In a phenomenon only seen during the biggest wildfires, the massive Thomas fire burning through Ventura and Santa Barbara counties has been creating its own weather for the past two days, an expert said.
Addressing residents at a community meeting at San Marcos High School in Santa Barbara, Ventura County Fire Department Capt. Brendan Ripley, a fire behavior analyst, explained how the powerful wildfire, which had scorched 230,000 acres is not just dependent on the weather, but altering it.
Video: Thomas fire community meeting, Dec. 10
The massive smoke plume generated by the fire, also known as a pyrocumulus cloud, continues to rise, gathering heat energy from the flames below, Ripley said.
But the unstable column of air can collapse at any time, resulting in dramatic 180-degree wind shifts that pose a major danger to firefighters, they said.
This type of behavior is generally seen during massive wildfires.
It was observed during Los Angeles County's Station fire in 2009, which became the largest wildfire in county history after it blackened more than 160,000 acres, or 250-square-miles.
Former Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin used their personal email account to transmit classified documents and coordinate favors for Clinton donors, according to emails obtained Wednesday by the watchdog group Judicial Watch.
Judicial Watch obtained the documents as part of a lawsuit filed after the State Department failed to respond to a March 2015 Freedom of Information Act request.
The newly obtained documents include 91 email exchanges involving Clinton when they were secretary of state that were not turned over to the State Department, the group said.
It said the documents contradict Clinton's claim that, “as far as they knew,” they had turned over all of their government emails, sent via a personal email account using a private server while they were secretary of state.
The emails reveal multiple instances in which Abedin used their personal account to send and receive classified documents as well as arrange personal favors for Clinton donors and political allies on behalf of the 2016 Democratic nominee for president, Judicial Watch said.
“Pay to play, classified information mishandling, influence peddling, cover-ups—these new emails show why the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's conduct must be resumed,” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said in a prepared statement.
In one example, Miguel Lausell, a Puerto Rican telecom executive and donor of over $1 million to the Clinton Library, requested through Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band that a specific candidate be considered for the U.S. ambassadorship to the Dominican Republic.
The following day in April 2009, a Clinton aide passed Lausell's message to the secretary of state's special assistants and instructed them to “make sure there is a response.” It remains unclear whether the person in question received the ambassadorship, as the name is redacted.
In a similar example of apparent preferential treatment for Clinton donors, the managing director of left-wing fundraising organization Democracy Alliance, Kelly Craighead, emailed Abedin asking them to “reach out” to an “extremely loyal supporter” who was awaiting a response regarding an application for a senior position at the State Department.
One year later, in April 2010, Craighead reached out again with a State Department personnel request.
“It would mean a lot to me if you could help or advise on a personnel situation for a dear friend,” Craighead said.
Abedin appears to have prioritized the request. “We love [name redacted]. Looking into this asap,” they responded.
Fitton criticized President Donald Trump's Justice Department for “slow-walking” the release of information, and said the newly obtained documents merit a new investigation into Clinton's conduct as President Barack Obama's first secretary of state.
“Justice Department officials are in court repeatedly and regularly defending Clinton's conduct,” Fitton told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “The sheer number of instances of influence peddling and pay to play we've reached passes the point of critical mass for something to be done.”
“Someone who doesn't feel the need to protect Clinton or Obama could make a clear-eyed decision. You want to reassure people that justice is being administered clearly.”
Fitton argued that Trump will need to assume a more active role if the Justice Department is to launch a thorough investigation into Clinton's conduct.
“If [Trump] wants something done, he's gotta do it himself, and I think they know it,” they said.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities for this original content, email [email protected].
An East Bay man says their employer, Tesla, failed to take action after learning that factory workers at the company's Fremont manufacturing plant made a threatening video at work. They say the video is proof of the harassment they experienced on the line, and says they can't understand why the company ignored it. Tesla is admitting to NBC Bay Area that it dropped the ball. Liz Wagner reports in a story that aired on March 27, 2017. (Published Monday, March 27, 2017)
Dewitt Lambert left their Alabama home in 2012 intent on making a better life in the Bay Area. The 45-year-old electrician had their sights set on Tesla. After three years of trying, in the summer of 2015 they finally landed a dream job working in the carmaker's Fremont factory.
But what they say they experienced at work is far from what they expected. They were met with coworkers who they say harassed them and used racist language, and a human resources department that neglected to follow up after learning that employees made a threatening video aimed at him.
On Monday, Lambert filed an 11-count lawsuit in Alameda County Superior Court, alleging the company failed to prevent damaging abuse from happening in the workplace. Lambert is currently on medical leave for work-related stress.
Tesla Factory Workers Make Threatening Video
In the fall of 2015, factory workers got ahold of Lambert's cell phone and secretly recorded a video.
“N***** we take your ass home, n*****,” one of the employees can be heard saying. “Shred you up in pieces, n*****. Cut you up, n*****. Send your ass home so everybody can have a piece of you, n*****.”
Lambert, who is black, said the video is proof of the race-based harassment they say they often experienced on the production line, where they installed seatbelts in Tesla's Model X and Model S cars.
Although Tesla's human resources department viewed the threatening video last summer, NBC Bay Area has learned the company failed to investigate the conduct and failed to immediately discipline the individuals involved.
“In reflecting back on the steps taken then, we don't feel like we met our standard in terms of how we handled the people involved in that situation,” said Carmen Copher, managing counsel on Tesla's legal team. “We also pointedly, don't believe we met our standard in how the investigation was handled.”
Copher said the human resources executive who viewed the video failed to hand off the case to another investigator when that person left the company. The conduct captured on video was never investigated to conclusion, Copher said.
“What a company needs to do when they are confronted with racism or sexism is they need to act immediately” said Larry Organ, Lambert's attorney. “They need to send a message from the very top of the company that this conduct is not permitted and they need to say or do something to the employees engaged in the illegal conduct.”
Previous Complaints; Investigations into Racist Language
Lambert said they had previously raised concerns to the company about five of their coworkers, including three seen in the video.
They said they repeatedly used racist and lewd language and engaged in inappropriate horseplay. They said one of their coworkers stuck a drill gun into their rear end. Lambert said that employee eventually got promoted and oversaw their work.
“I had to deal with guys walking up to me and calling me bitch-ass n*****,” Lambert said. “And they were my bosses.”
In the fall of 2015 Lambert said they notified a supervisor about the behavior, and in the winter, the human resources department. They said it didn't appear as if the company took any steps to stop the harassment.
Copher said Tesla did investigate Lambert's initial complaint when they said the human resources department first learned of the claims last spring, but that the company couldn't substantiate them. They said the company interviewed Lambert's coworkers, but that conflicting accounts made it impossible to determine with clarity that Lambert's claims were accurate.
The human resources department coached the employees on proper workplace conduct and the harassing behavior stopped, Copher said. Around the same time, Lambert was transferred to a different line.
Threatening Video Comes to Light
Last summer Lambert was called into a meeting with human resources in response to an unrelated matter. During that meeting, a company representative discovered the threatening video on Lambert's phone. Lambert's coworkers made the video months earlier without their knowledge, before the company's first investigation into the allegations of racist language.
The 58-second clip shows employees laughing and flashing gang signs. One employee is heard saying they would shred Lambert into pieces and send their body parts to their family members.
The company opened a new investigation, but Lambert said the human resources department never followed up and that their coworkers never got in trouble.
“Nothing was done about it,” Lambert said. “It made me feel like I was less than equal to everyone else.”
Copher said the company is now taking steps to discipline the employees involved in the video, which could include written warnings all the way up to termination.
To better manage internal investigations, Copher said the company is creating a global tracking system of all human resources complaints. Additionally, Copher said the company is expanding its anti-harassment and anti-discrimination training to all factory employees.
New Complaints of Intimidation
Even though the company moved Lambert to a different part of the factory after its investigation into Lambert's first complaint about harassment, they say for months the men continued to intimidate them by glaring at them when they walked past their work station. They say they continued to make complaints to the human resources department.
They told NBC Bay Area they don't feel safe working at Tesla.
“That's disappointing for me to hear because I was not aware that they felt unsafe,” Copher said. “We will certainly meet with them to better understand what we can do to make them feel safe.”
Copher said Lambert only recently reached out to the human resources department about their new concerns.
In February they wrote an email to a representative asking for help.
“I've been having a few issues going on with me that I went to HR about and nothing happened,” Lambert wrote. “I'm sending this to you hoping to get something done.”
Copher said Tesla reopened Lambert's case earlier this month, and that's when the company learned that the probe into the racially-charged video slipped through the cracks. The human resources department was unable to substantiate Lambert's most recent allegations of intimidation, Copher said.
If you have a tip for the Investigative Unit email theunit@nbcbayarea.com or call 888-996-TIPS.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - The Russian-made rocket motor that catapulted a United Launch Alliance booster toward orbit last week shut down six seconds early apparently because of a fuel system problem, the company said on Thursday, in its first explanation of the issue.
The ULA Atlas 5 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on March 22 carrying an Orbital ATK cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
The rocket's Russian-made RD-180 engine shut down about six seconds early, but the booster's second-stage motor compensated for the shortfall by firing longer, ULA said in a statement.
ULA is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co.
Orbital's Cygnus cargo ship arrived at the space station on Saturday, as scheduled, despite the problem.
ULA said preliminary indications pointed to a problem with the rocket's first-stage fuel system and related components, but the investigation was continuing to find the root cause and identify appropriate solutions before any further flights.
The U.S. Air Force, which is ULA's primary customer, is participating in the review, ULA said.
The company last week delayed its next Atlas 5 launch by at least a week while analysis is underway.
The Ardenne Abbey massacre occurred during the Battle of Normandy at the Ardenne Abbey, a Premonstratensian monastery in Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe, near Caen, France. In June 1944, 20 Canadian soldiers were massacred in a garden at the abbey by members of the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend over the course of several days and weeks. During the course of the Normandy Campaign an estimated "156 Canadian prisoners of war are believed to have been executed by the 12th SS Panzer Division (the Hitler Youth) in the days and weeks following the D-Day landings. In scattered groups, in various pockets of the Normandy countryside, they were taken aside and shot."[1] The perpetrators of the massacre, members of the 12th SS Panzer Division, were known for their fanaticism, the majority having been drawn from the Hitlerjugend or Hitler Youth.[2]
Murders [ edit ]
A memorial to the murdered Canadian soldiers in the garden of the Abbey
During the Normandy Campaign, then SS-Standartenführer Kurt Meyer, commander of the 25th Panzer Grenadier Regiment, used the Abbaye d'Ardenne for their regimental headquarters, as the turret allowed for a clear view of the battlefield.[3] In June 1944 at the abbey, 20 Canadian soldiers were murdered by members of the 12th SS Panzer Division.
Both the method by which the murders were carried out and upon whom the blame rests remain points of contention. Some basic facts, however, are certain. During the evening of 7 June, 11 Canadian prisoners of war, soldiers from the North Nova Scotia Highlanders and the 27th Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment), were shot in the back of the head. This was a flagrant violation of the Geneva Conventions (of which Germany was a signatory) and therefore these actions constituted a war crime. Specifically under the Geneva Convention pertaining to the treatment of prisoners of war, the Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War stipulates in Part I: General Provisions - Art. 2. that POWS "are in the power of the hostile Government, but not of the individuals or formation which captured them. They shall at all times be humanely treated and protected, particularly against acts of violence, from insults and from public curiosity. Measures of reprisal against them are forbidden."[4]
Of the North Nova Scotia Highlanders were:
Private Ivan Crowe
Private Charles Doucette
Corporal Joseph MacIntyre
Private Reginald Keeping
Private James Moss
Of the 27th Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusiliers Regiment) were:
Trooper James Bolt
Trooper George Gill
Trooper Thomas Henry
Trooper Roger Lockhead
Trooper Harold Philip
Lieutenant Thomas Windsor
The following day, 8 June, seven more POWs from the North Nova Scotia Highlanders were also executed:
Private Walter Doherty
Private Hollis McKeil
Private Hugh MacDonald
Private George McNaughton
Private George Millar
Private Thomas Mont
Private Raymond Moore
On 17 June, two more Canadian soldiers, Lieutenant Frederick Williams and Lance Corporal George Pollard, were also believed to have been killed at or around the Abbaye.[5] Both soldiers "had been patrolling for disabled German tanks near Buron and went missing. It is known that two wounded Canadian POWs were evacuated by the Germans to the abbey's first-aid post on June 17. Witnesses later reported hearing shots in the vicinity of the abbey at two different times that day."[6]
Discovery of the bodies [ edit ]
After liberating the Abbaye d'Ardenne on 8 July, members of the Regina Rifle Regiment discovered the body of Lieutenant Williams; Lance Corporal Pollard was never found. The bodies of those killed on 7 and 8 June were not found until the winter and spring of 1945, when inhabitants from the abbey accidentally discovered remains throughout the premises. Examinations of the remains revealed that the soldiers had either been shot or bludgeoned directly in the head; the exact weapon used to bludgeon the heads of the soldiers was indeterminate but was most likely the butt of a rifle or an entrenching tool.[7] All the remains were taken to the cemeteries at Beny-sur-Mer or Bretteville-sur-Laize, except for Private McKeil, who was taken to Ryes War Cemetery, Bazenville.
Trial of Meyer [ edit ]
Over the course of a year of investigation, from August 1944 to August 1945, the Canadian War Crimes Commission (CWCC), led by Lieutenant-Colonel Bruce Macdonald, strove to discover the details of the murders and who bore the responsibility.[8] As commander of the regiment that was responsible for the massacre, Kurt Meyer remained the prime suspect and believed to be responsible for the actions of their men. At Meyer's war crimes trial in December 1945, the incident at the Abbaye formed the core of the charges. In total, five charges were laid against him:
1. Inciting and advising soldiers under their command to refuse quarter to Allied troops. 2. Commanding their troops to kill 23 POWs at or near the villages of Buron and Authie on 7 June 1944. 3. Commanding their troops, on 8 June 1944, to kill seven prisoners of war at the Abbaye d'Ardenne, as a result of which the prisoners were shot and killed. 4. (Alternative to third charge) Responsibility for the killing of seven Canadian POWs at the Abbaye d'Ardenne on 8 June 1944. 5. Ordering the killing of 11 Canadian POWs at the Abbaye Ardenne on 7 June 1944.[9]
Former SS Private Alfred Helzel was the prosecution's first major witness. While in prison in Quebec, Helzel revealed that in June 1944 Meyer had directed their troops to take no prisoners. On the stand, however, Helzel denied that Meyer made such a declaration.[10] Macdonald eventually managed to have Helzel verify their original statement, thus helping to establish Meyer's guilt.[11]
Citizens of the towns of Authie and Buron testified against the 12th SS and confirmed various atrocities committed against Canadian soldiers. Canadian soldiers themselves testified, the most important being Sergeant Stanley Dudka. They maintained that their column of prisoners arrived at the Abbaye Ardenne on 7 June, after which military police demanded 10 volunteers step forward. Since no one volunteered, 10 men were randomly taken, including Private Moss, later identified as one of the men executed at the Abbaye.[12]
The prosecution's central witness, however, was Polish soldier Jan Jesionek. At the Abbaye on 8 June 1944, Jesionek was approached by two SS troopers who were escorting seven Canadian prisoners, and watched as the POWs were directed into a stall adjoining the Abbaye. One of the troopers asked for the regimental commander, whereby Jesionek led them to Kurt Meyer. In response to learning of the seven prisoners, Meyer reportedly said: ‘What should we do with these prisoners; they only eat up our rations?' Afterwards, they turned to one of the officers, spoke softly so that others could not hear, and then announced: ‘In the future, no more prisoners are to be taken.'[13] Jesionek then saw each prisoner questioned by the officer to whom Meyer had spoken. A name was called out, a prisoner walked up from the passageway leading to the garden in the Abbaye. As soon as the prisoner turned, the officer shot them in the head with a machine pistol; this was repeated for the remaining six prisoners. After the officer and guards left, Jesionek and three fellow drivers examined the bodies, all lying in the garden and surrounded by blood. According to Jesionek, the Canadians realized what was happening, each prisoner shaking hands with their comrades before walking to the garden and being shot.[13] Uncertainty over Meyer's commands remained since Jesionek never heard Meyer give the order to kill the Canadians.
Meyer originally claimed to have had no knowledge of the murders at the Abbaye. They later insisted, however, that they were aware of the bodies' presence but had not seen them until two days after the killings. Disgusted, Meyer apparently ordered for the burial of the bodies and the admonishment, albeit unsuccessfully, of those responsible. These claims were refuted by French teenagers, however, who lived in the Abbaye and testified that no bodies were visible in the garden when they went there the day after the murders.[14] Throughout the trial, Meyer maintained that they never commanded their troops not to take prisoners.
Sentence [ edit ]
Meyer was found guilty of inciting their troops to commit murder and of being responsible as a commander for the killings at the Abbaye; they were acquitted on the second and third charges.[15] Sentenced to death on 28 December 1945, their sentence was commuted to life imprisonment on 14 January 1946.[16] After serving nearly nine years in prison, Meyer was released on 7 September 1954.[17]
Present [ edit ]
The role Meyer played in the execution of the twenty Canadian prisoners remains a point of contention. Currently, in the garden of the Abbaye rests a memorial to the soldiers, unveiled on 6 June 1984. The inscription, followed by the names of those killed, reads: "On the night of June 7/8, 1944, 18 Canadian soldiers were murdered in this garden while being held here as prisoners of war. Two more prisoners died here or nearby on June 17. They are gone but not forgotten."[6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Webpage about the memorial.
http://www.veterans.gc.ca/eng/remembrance/memorials/overseas/second-world-war/france/ardenne. Provides a detailed account of the massacre from the perspective of the Canadian Government. There are access links for the 11 executed soldiers that provides information related to their day of birth, data of enlistment, unit that they served with and the location of the cemetery in which they are buried, along with a brief description of the burial ground.
Kurt Meyer on Trial: A Documentary Record. Kingston: CDA Press, 2007 Available as a PDF download with free registration.
Further reading [ edit ]
Brode, Patrick. Casual Slaughters and Accidental Judgments: Canadian War Crimes Prosecutions, 1944-1948 . Toronto: The Osgoode Society for Canadian Legal History, 1997.
. Toronto: The Osgoode Society for Canadian Legal History, 1997. Campbell, Ian. Murder at the Abbaye: The Story of Twenty Canadian Soldiers Murdered at the Abbaye d'Ardenne . Ottawa: The Golden Dog Press, 1996.
. Ottawa: The Golden Dog Press, 1996. Margolian, Howard. Conduct Unbecoming: The Story of the Murder of Canadian Prisoners of War in Normandy . Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1998.
. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1998. Priestman, Karen. The Kurt Meyer Case: The Press and the Canadian People's Response to Canada's First War Crimes Trial . Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2003.
. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2003. Veterans Affairs Canada. "Abbaye d'Ardenne" Accessed 8 July 2013.
Coordinates:
Money put towards defense could reach 21 percent of the Russian budget by 2017, as the industry switches to independent domestic production from imports, a popular daily has reported.
Mass circulation daily Izvestia quoted an unnamed source in the Russian government as saying that the cabinet had already given a preliminary approval to the budget plans for the next three years. If this draft is passed, up to 21 percent of all state money would be spent on defense in 2017.
The budget income is not increasing and the rise of defense spending is only possible through redistribution from other state projects, the source said. The official explained that the defense industry would have to undergo major reform in order to become independent from imports and secure Russia from the threat of foreign sanctions.
Currently Russia spends 17.5 percent of GDP on defense.
The government official was quoted by Izvestia as saying that the move was not caused by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and increased tensions near Russia's western borders. “The defense expenditures are being planned for years ahead; this is a strategic issue… The state must consider the security of its citizens,” the source noted.
Lower House MP and the leader of the nationalist party Rodin (Motherland), Sergey Zhuravlev, welcomed the changes, saying that though a socially oriented budget is a very nice thing, reality shows that changes can be fast and unfavorable and it is always better to be ready for them.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev also addressed the issue at the Thursday government session, saying that the ongoing standoff between Russia and the West could end in relations similar to the ones of the mid-1980s and force the Russian government to spend even more on national defense and security.
“In connection with these decisions we now have to rewrite the economic models of development, shift to import replacement and use more of the internal sources for growth, including the financial resources,” Medvedev told the cabinet members. “This is normal and there are even certain benefits in this for our economy.”
At the same time, the PM stated that sanctions could not inflict “the so-called unacceptable damage” to the Russian economy. “International experience shows that sanctions have never put anyone to their knees,” Medvedev said, adding that in their view, the sanctions would not be helpful to Ukraine in its current situation.
A release from David McKillop Sr. regarding their intention to run for the position of mayor of Medford in November.
The following was submitted by David McKillop Sr.:
My name is David J. McKillop Sr. and I am announcing my candidacy to become your next Mayor of Medford.
As we begin this journey together, let me take the time to familiarize you all with my family. I was married in 1991 to my incredible wife, Lisa “Marchino” McKillop, and we have enjoyed 26 amazing years living in Medford and working together at our restaurant/function hall where Lisa manages the team at Colonial Hall.
Traveling alongside us through our adventure in life are our four children: David, Teresa, Matthew and Anthony; all of whom graduated from Medford High School. David Jr, whom you may remember by their running for Medford School Committee, attended Saint Anselm College, graduating as student body president in 2015. David is currently a Government Relations Adviser in Concord, N.H., working alongside New Hampshire State Senators and Representatives.
My daughter Teresa attended Endicott College. They accelerated their educational track in college, and graduated with both their B.A. and M.B.A. in Business Marketing in 2016. Teresa has started their own freelance event production and marketing business. Teresa also currently operates all social media for Rockafellas Restaurant and Colonial Hall at Rockafellas.
Our third child, Matthew, graduated from Medford High School in 2015 and today we are so proud to say that they accomplished their goal and got accepted into the Marine Transportation program at Massachusetts Maritime Academy.
Lastly, Anthony graduated this year from Medford High School as class president and has been accepted into the International Maritime Business program at Massachusetts Maritime Academy starting in the fall.
Now, I want to take the time to help you all familiarize yourselves with me, your candidate for Mayor.
I was born and raised in the city of Everett. I am the second of five siblings and attended the public school system of Everett, graduating from Everett High School in 1981. After high school, I continued my education by taking night courses at Bunker Hill Community College for Business Management.
Although school was a priority to me and my family, my real passion was work, and I thrived by entering the workforce starting at age 14. My life has been molded by the numerous jobs I worked, making my hard work and determination a pillar of my persona. From my humble beginnings bagging groceries at a local convenience store to learning the “restaurant ropes” from my uncle at their diner in Lynn, I have never stopped working. I have done landscaping, framing, masonry construction, was as an electrician apprentice, did automotive work, which I learned from my father, and the list goes on and on.
A bulk of my work experience came through retail, where I started in 1982 and worked to become the first Regional Sales Manager for Aldo Shoes in 1996, a Canadian Company where I opened the U.S. Market for them and oversaw the first six years of initial growth by entering new markets and analyzing the business climate of each market up until 2003.
After my long journey working countless jobs, it was time to become self-employed. In 2003, with my brother-in-law, Kevin, and my late father-in-law, Terry Marchino, we opened Rockafellas Restaurant in Salem. After an amazing 14 years in business, including expanding our hospitality prowess by opening Colonial Hall, our function hall, business is strong and continues to grow. Through sheer determination and hard work along with a common sense approach to every situation we are proudly considered an institution in the downtown Salem business landscape.
Over the past 14 years, I have been very active in the Salem community. I am a current member of the Massachusetts Retail Association, the North of Boston Center Visitors Bureau, North Shore Chamber of Commerce and the Salem Chamber of Commerce, where I served on the Board of Directors. In 2010 I was nominated Vice President of The Chamber and in 2011 I was nominated President.
During my tenure on the board of directors and as President, we developed a Strike One program which bonded the restaurant community with the Police Department in order to commit to keeping trouble in the city at an all-time low. I was also able (with the help of then State Representative John Keenan) to secure a meeting with Paul Guzzi, then Executive Director of the Boston Chamber of Commerce, and Rinus Oosthoek, Executive Sales Director of the Salem Chamber of Commerce. We brokered a partnership between the two cities that promised an expansion on tourism like we've never seen before.
This association and communication still exists today, with Salem seeing record numbers in tourists coming to town. Furthermore, I was hand-selected by the honorable Mayor Kim Driscoll of Salem to serve on the Parking Commission where we created a city-wide parking program operated by a third party. Aside from Salem Chamber of Commerce work, I am actively and proudly engaged in many Salem and North Shore charities and programs that help develop the community to be the best it can be. I want to take what I have learned and bring it to my home town.
The ability of this city and its citizens to band together to grow and achieve excellence derives from its strong diversity and ability to share ideas. Our potential is limitless. There needs to be a continual open dialogue between every committee, commission, and council in this city in order to get us to where we need to be. I have attended city council and school committee meetings and I know that the communication is continually lacking. This city deserves leadership that calls attention to every problem, and creates a comprehensive plan to solve them by openly discussing plans with city council as well as department heads and implementing the plan within a feasible timeframe. I know that that is something I can promise you I can bring to fruition.
Take the time to join me at my first get together fundraiser on Tuesday, June 27 from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m. at the Medford Elks for some great one-on-one time and to launch a campaign routed in positive energy, practical approaches, common sense and open dialogue. Every obstacle will be met with a progressive vision with regards to the potential growth of this great city. Remember, we need to succeed together, and that requires everyone's input. Focus on Our Future Medford, make that our goal, and together, we can and will achieve it.
(Update: In a second schedule update issued around 10:42 a.m. on Wednesday, the White House indicated that President Obama would continue with their campaign trip to Las Vegas after issuing a statement on events in Libya and Egypt in the Rose Garden.
The only change in the updated schedule is this: "Shortly after (the Rose Garden statement), the President and Secretary Clinton will visit the State Department in Washington, DC. This visit is closed press." The updated schedule still states that "In the afternoon, the President will depart the White House en route Las Vegas, Nevada.")
(CNSNews.com) - On the day after the U.S. Ambassador to Libya and three other Americans were killed in Benghazi, the White House on Wednesday morning released a schedule showing that President Obama would continue with their planned campaign trip to Las Vegas.
Before they leaf, the schedule indicated, Obama will "deliver a statement" in the White House Rose Garden at 10:35 a.m., the White House said.
Obama on Wednesday morning confirmed the death of Ambassador Chris Stevens, the administration's point man during the Libyan revolution, in a statement condemning the "outrageous attack on our diplomatic facility in Benghazi, which took the lives of four Americans."
"While the United States rejects efforts to denigrate the religious beliefs of others, we must all unequivocally oppose the kind of senseless violence that took the lives of these public servants," Obama said.
The White House schedule released at 9:19 a.m. Wednesday, verbatim:
In the morning, the President will deliver a statement in the Rose Garden. Secretary of State Clinton will also attend. This statement is open press.
10:35AM THE PRESIDENT delivers a statement
Rose Garden
Open Press (Pre-Set 9:30AM—Final Gather 10:15AM—North Doors of the Palm Room)
THE White House
Office of the Press Secretary
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
September 11, 2012
DAILY GUIDANCE AND PRESS SCHEDULE FOR
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2012
In the morning, the President will receive the Presidential Daily Briefing in the Oval Office. This meeting is closed press.
In the afternoon, the President will depart the White House en route Las Vegas, Nevada. The departure from the South Lawn and the arrival at McCarran International Airport are open press.
While in Las Vegas, the President will deliver remarks at a campaign event. The President's remarks at the Cashman Center are open to pre-credentialed media.
In the evening, the President will depart Las Vegas, Nevada en route Aurora, Colorado. The departure from McCarran International Airport and the arrival at Buckley Air Force Base are open press.
The President will remain overnight in Denver, Colorado.
I am in my fifth month of making a living in the Arts. Each month seems to bring more opportunities and creative challenges. The purpose of this blog is to keep myself motivated and on track and to provide knowledge for those looking to make a similar decision.
In my final days working in a retail job I felt stuck in, I started doubting that my decision to leave was wise. In fact, I knew it wasn't wise but I was miserable enough to take a risk and quit. As I tried to fall asleep those last few nights I would imagine the different ways in which this decision could turn out:
1. MY DREAM SCENARIO: I would be able to be fully immersed in my passionate, personal work mostly involving illustrating children's books, or filming and animating my own movies.
2. NOT WHAT I WAS EXPECTING BUT I'LL TAKE IT: I would be able to scrape by doing small creative jobs such as graphic design for local businesses and have no time for all the fun personal projects. At least I would be out of a retail job I hated and doing creative work.
3. BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE: I would fail. Nobody would hire me or find value in what I could offer and I would lose my house, having to go crawling back to a steady paying yet unfulfilling job.
I am telling you this because by taking calculated risks that are true to who you want to be (not who you currently are), working every day to meet your goals, and being flexible with the opportunities that come up, you will eventually find success. I have not reached my destination exactly but the version of me that existed five months ago never expected such a fun, fulfilling journey.
WHAT HAPPENED IN MARCH…
March was a big month for me both personally and professionally. My son Jonah was born and it changed my life overnight. Knowing that I have someone to take care of is so motivating to keep working and improving in everything I do.
I continued animating a dream sequence for the horror film Dolly Deadly involving an audience of twisted dolls cheering the main character on, and also created a monster T-shirt, and illustrated print for The Spaceman Kickstarter backers.
I was given the opportunity to display my two films along with stop-motion puppets and miniatures for the MONCA (Museum of Northern California Art) Gallery in Chico, CA. The puppets and films played for the whole month and I gave an artist talk to an encouraging audience with excellent questions.
Exposure from The MONCA gallery helped me book additional talks for April speaking to 3 Butte College Film Classes, my picture was in the local paper, and I was offered the Art at the Matador Scholarship Room in May to display my work to 4,000 expected guests.
The smaller graphic design jobs have started to become steady, and more people are asking for quotes on video production and stop-motion animation projects. I am actually at a place where I have to turn work away.
So far I'd say things are somewhere in-between “My Dream Scenario” & “Not What I was Expecting.” I'll take it.
Joy Covey, 50, the former CFO of Amazon was killed when their bicycle was hit by a minivan owned by OnTrac, a shipping service used by Amazon, Apple and other online retailers.According to the New York Times , Covey joined Amazon.com when it was a newly hatched dot-com with big ideas. As its chief financial officer, they played an important role in turning those ideas into a reality. They helped take the company public and was a much-quoted advocate for Amazon's plans to ignore Wall Street and invest for the future. That radical notion has been the foundation for Amazon's growth into a $61 billion retailing and entertainment behemoth.The police said that a minivan apparently making deliveries for OnTrac, a shipping service used by Amazon, Apple and other online retailers, was turning into a side road when the accident occurred. The police said that neither drugs nor alcohol appeared to be a factor in the collision.“It appears the driver was making deliveries, but we're still working on our investigation,” said Art Montiel, a California Highway Patrol spokesperson.OnTrac, which is based in Phoenix, said the van was driven by a 22-year-old “contract driver.”“Our thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family affected by this tragic accident,” said Laura Peterson, OnTrac's vice president of marketing.Mary Osako, an Amazon spokesperson, said: “It's a very sad day at Amazon. Joy was a wonderful human being and treasured colleague, and we will miss them very much.”Ms. Covey left Amazon in 2000, as the dot-com boom was ending. Survivors include a young son.
Subscribers!
I wish they could repeat it for me to record it with my camcorder! We could be famous! But lol, they just gave me a flat look and walked away. :D Any of your birds can play this ring toss toy? :)Don't forget to reply my notification email with attachment of your pet pics toRead more info on the previous blog post. Thanks! :)TAGS:Read comics about living with pet birds on my blog. I update my bird comic strips once a week. It can be funny, sad, heartwarming. It's a mix between reality and imagination. The style is yonkoma manga kawaii simple drawing, drawn by Emmilia (Emmil) Thomas. Don't forget to check my unique bird themed gift store, PETOPET . High quality products with beautifully painted art, funny cartoon about birds (parrot, finch, zebra finch, owl finch, java sparrow, gouldian finch, javan munia finch, spice finch, society finch, tricolor munia finch, robin, lovebird, cockatiel, budgie, parrotlet, parakeet, budgerigar, senegal parrot, conure, caique, quaker, lorikeet, eclectus, blue fronted amazon parrot, cockatoo, afgrey, macaw). Share on Tumblr
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was coy about their injured squad but did mention some young reserves might be called on for their midweek game at Crystal Palace.
The Exploding Heads bring you all the best bits from an action-packed Premier League and Carabao Cup weekend in a convenient 90-second (plus stoppages) package.
MANCHESTER, England -- Manchester United caretaker manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will take a threadbare squad to Crystal Palace on Wednesday after losing 10 players to injury.
Solskjaer told a news conference on Tuesday that there were "not a lot of positives" to report ahead of the trip to Selhurst Park after seeing their injury list grow during the 0-0 draw with Liverpool on Sunday.
Jesse Lingard, Ander Herrera and Juan Mata suffered hamstring injuries during the first half at Old Trafford, while...
Paul Verhoeven's 1987 film RoboCop gets better and better with age. The social commentary, the intentionally excessive violence, the humor, the character design, everything is just perfect. And if you don't already celebrate the film on your walls, we've got just the thing.
Grey Matter Art just debuted this gorgeous poster for the film by Grzegorz Domaradzki, also known as Gabz. It'll be available Wednesday March 16 in two editions.
Advertisement
Each poster is 24 x 36 inches with the white, regular one in an edition of 225 and grey variant in an edition of 100. Click here for more info.
Advertisement
And if you think those are cool, Grey Matter Art has even more. They did this great poster by Kilian Eng.
And this one by Matt Ferguson.
Advertisement
Those two are available right now on their website.
Contact the author at germain@io9.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- In 24 hours WREG counted at least 10 people shot in the city of Memphis, three of those shootings resulted in fatalities. The homicide counts so far this year according to Memphis Police is 174. The shootings were spread out all over the city
"I said 'Come on y'all because they may try to run in the door.' By that time we closed the door and heard the gunshots."
Jeanette Johnson missed a shooting in front of their Frayser home on Ryan last night by seconds.
Memphis Police said one man was sent to the hospital, but they certainly aren't the only one who has fallen victim to gun violence in the past 24 hours.
In that time period alone, there have been seven shooting. You can see for yourself--they're not specific to one area.
Each crime affecting the families who live in the zip codes differently.
"My husband and I just about 70-years-old. We bought and paid. We can't even sit on the porch," said Johnson.
On Tuesday, they told WREG's Shay Arthur while last nights shooting was too close for comfort, she's sadly gotten used to it.
"You said you hit the floor when you heard the gunshots?" asked Arthur.
"Yes. We always do. Tell everybody hit the floor," they said. "At least 2-3 times a week."
"It's heartbreaking. This is my city."
Jimmy Chambers is a Gang Investigator with the District Attorney's Office. They also run Camp Chambers--a program to help troubled kids get their life on track.
While they said it's hard to tell what's causing the violence, they believe parents need to get involved early and told WREG community policing is important too.
"If you out in the neighborhood like I am you can almost always tell what's going on and when it's about to happen if you're in the neighborhood."
Johnson is just hoping for change.
"Like I told the detective, we need help out here. We need help," they said.
The basics
A common complaint about Excel is that it doesn't provide a direct method to calculate the integral of a function.
approximating
Calculate the area under a curve/the integral of a function
1st method:
Spreadsheet calculations
2nd method:
SUMPRODUCT formula
SUMPRODUCT(array1, [array2], [array3], …)
=SUMPRODUCT(A5:A13-A4:A12;(B5:B13+B4:B12)/2).
3rd method:
Custom VBA function
Option Explicit
Function CurveIntegration(KnownXs As Variant , KnownYs As Variant ) As Variant
'---------------------------------------------------------------
'Calculates the area under a curve using the trapezoidal rule.
'KnownXs and KnownYs are the known (x,y) points of the curve.
'Written By: Christos Samaras
'Date: 12/06/2013
'Last Updated: 06/03/2018
'E-mail: xristos.samaras@gmail.com
'Site: https://myengineeringworld.net/////
'---------------------------------------------------------------
'Declaring the necessary variable.
Dim i As Integer
'Check if the X values are a range.
If Not TypeName(KnownXs) = "Range" Then
CurveIntegration = "Xs range is not valid"
Exit Function
End If
'Check if the Y values are a range.
If Not TypeName(KnownYs) = "Range" Then
CurveIntegration = "Ys range is not valid"
Exit Function
End If
'Check if the number of X values is equal to the number of Y values.
If KnownXs.Rows.Count <> KnownYs.Rows.Count Then
CurveIntegration = "Number of Xs <> Number of Ys"
Exit Function
End If
CurveIntegration = 0
'Apply the trapezoid rule: (y(i+1) + y(i))*(x(i+1) - x(i))*1/2.
'Use the absolute value in case of negative numbers.
For i = 1 To KnownXs.Rows.Count - 1
CurveIntegration = CurveIntegration + Abs(0.5 * (KnownXs.Cells(i + 1, 1) _
- KnownXs.Cells(i, 1)) * (KnownYs.Cells(i, 1) + KnownYs.Cells(i + 1, 1)))
Next i
End Function
The advantage of this custom function is that you don't need to worry about the input ranges.
= CurveIntegration(A4:A13;B4:B13)
Extract chart data
What if you don't know the input data/curve points (the series data)?
Sub ExtractChartData()
'---------------------------------------------------------------
'Extracts all the data from all the series of the active chart.
'It writes the data to a new worksheet named "Chart Data".
'Written By: Christos Samaras
'Date: 12/06/2013
'Last Updated: 06/03/2018
'E-mail: xristos.samaras@gmail.com
'Site: https://myengineeringworld.net/////
'---------------------------------------------------------------
'Declaring the necessary variables.
Dim MyChart As Chart
Dim sht As Worksheet
Dim i As Integer
Dim MySeries As Series
'Check if a chart was selected.
If ActiveChart Is Nothing Then
MsgBox "No chart was selected!" & vbCr & "Please select a chart and retry..." , vbCritical, "Chart Error"
Exit Sub
End If
'Stop screen flickering.
Application.ScreenUpdating = False
Set MyChart = ActiveChart
'Add the new worksheet.
Set sht = Worksheets.Add
'Rename the new worksheet and change its tab's color.
On Error Resume Next
With sht
.Name = "Chart Data"
.Tab.Color = vbRed
.Activate
End With
'Loop through all the series and extract their data.
For i = 1 To MyChart.SeriesCollection.Count
Set MySeries = MyChart.SeriesCollection(i)
With sht
.Cells(1, 2 * i).Value = MySeries.Name
.Cells(1, 2 * i).Font.Bold = True
.Cells(2, 2 * i - 1).Resize(MySeries.Points.Count).Value = WorksheetFunction.Transpose(MySeries.XValues)
.Cells(2, 2 * i).Resize(MySeries.Points.Count).Value = WorksheetFunction.Transpose(MySeries.Values)
End With
Next i
'Autofit the columns that contain the data.
'Here the last column 2 * i is converted to a letter.
Columns( "A:" & Mid(Cells(1, 2 * i).Address, InStr(Cells(1, 2 * i).Address, "$" ) _
+ 1, InStr(2, Cells(1, 2 * i).Address, "$" ) - 2)).EntireColumn.AutoFit
'Re-enable the screen.
Application.ScreenUpdating = True
'Inform the user that the macro finished.
MsgBox "Chart data were extracted successfully!" , vbInformation, "Done"
End Sub
Limitations of the trapezoidal rule
As it was highlighted in the beginning, the trapezoidal rule is an approximate method to calculate the area under a curve/to perform numerical integration.
Unfortunately, this is not true!
The more points you know, the more the trapezoids, so the better the approximation (for a specific range).
To sum up, although the trapezoidal rule is a simple way to calculate the area under a curve you should never forget that is an approximate method. The more points you have, the better the results you get.
When you use the trapezoidal rule as a tool to calculate a curve area you have to be careful in cases where the curve is below the x or y-axis. If it is, then you should use the abs function (returns the absolute value of a number) in the first two methods to get the correct area, while the custom VBA function has already implemented this function.
Downloads
Excel 2007
Read also
If the function is represented as a curve in a chart, then the integral is defined to be the (net signed) area under that curve. So, if you have to calculate the area under a curve, you must think of an indirect way to do it. One popular method for accomplishing this task is the so-called trapezoidal rule.According to Wikipedia : “The trapezoidal rule is a technique for approximating the definite integral:The trapezoidal rule works bythe region under the graph of the function f(x) as a trapezoid and calculating its area. It follows that:”If n points (x, y) from the curve are known, you can apply the previous equation n-1 times and then sum the results. In the sample workbook, for example, we had the function y = 4*x^2, we knew 10 points, so we applied the formula 9 times. For the first point the result was (1 – 0)*(4 + 0)/2 = 2, for the second (2 – 1)*(16 + 4)/2 = 10 and so on. The picture above contains the entire set of calculations.With this method, you avoid the intermediate calculations, and by using only one function, you get the result. However, the level of difficulty is a little bit higher than the first method (especially if you are new to Excel). The method involves the SUMPRODUCT function, the syntax of which is given below:The SUMPRODUCT function multiplies the corresponding components in the given arrays and returns the sum of these products. Array1, array2… are the ranges of cells or arrays that you wish to multiply. All arrays must have the same number of rows and columns, and you must enter at least 2 arrays (you can have up to 30 arrays).The tricky part is the array/range definition. If n curve points (x, y) are known, the function can be written:In the sample workbook the SUMPRODUCT function is used with the following ranges:In reality, we applied the same function as in method 1, but instead of single cells, we had multiple cells/arrays. The function performs the following calculation:Without any doubt, the second method is much more straightforward than the first one.At your Excel file, switch to VBA editor (ALT + F11), go to menu Insert Module and add the following lines of code.The code checks if the x and y values are (valid) ranges, as well as if the x and y ranges are equal (for example if the input is 10 x values and 10 y values). If something goes wrong, the function returns an error message instead of the value. So, you only have to insert the input ranges in the function, and the function will return the curve area. In the sample workbook, for example, the custom function was used with the following ranges (we had 10 x values and 10 y values – 10 curve points):Until now you have learned 3 ways of calculating the area under a curve. However, all methods require input values/ranges.I am sure that you wonder how is it possible to have a workbook with a chart, but without having the series data. Let me give you an example: if you receive an email with a workbook that contains a chart the data series of which come from other workbooks (that you didn't receive), then you are in trouble!To avoid situations like this, I have written the following VBA procedure which loops through all series of the selected chart and extracts their data to a new worksheet named “Chart Data.”In the sample workbook you will notice that, for the particular curve, all 3 different ways that were described above result in the same value (978). You might believe that since the 3 methods agree on the final value, this is the correct one.The accuracy of trapezoidal rule is firmly related to the number of known curve points.If in the specific example we knew 20 points (step 0.5) instead of 10 (step 1), then the result with 3 methods would be 973.5.If we knew 901 points (step 0.01), then the result would be around 972, which is the correct one. How we know that 972 is the right one? The answer is simple: for the particular example, the curve was based on the function y = 4* x^2. For the x range 0 to 9 the integral of this function will be:Furthermore, be careful not to confuse the curve area with the value of the definite integral. They are not the same since area cannot be negative by definition!The file can be opened withor newer. Please enable macros before using it.
The future of kids toys isn't that far in the future, it turns out, and it's being brought to you by a Winnipeg company that believes it has the next big thing sitting in its Exchange District office.
PO-MO, Inc., is bringing the world LUMO, an interactive projector that can turn a child's bedroom into a personal playground, casting images on the floor and interacting with the child's movements. Games like Hungry Hungry Hippo and air hockey can be played just by stepping in certain spots, and more grandiose plans call for the entire room to be turned into a projection image, allowing kids to virtually paint their walls.
"After watching how physically engaged kids get, we decided it would be really cool to make a toy and make it available to have in their rooms and provide them with tools so they can make their own games in their rooms," CEO Meg Athavale said. "It turns their room into an interactive playground."
The company was incorporated in 2010 shortly after landing a big contract for a job at the University of Reno and has since done instalments for Google Tokyo and Coca-Cola's new building in Capetown, South Africa, among others.
"We did a big installation at the Children's Museum one summer that I think a lot of people saw, but they don't associate that with a Winnipeg company," they said. "Usually when they see that, they think it's been brought in from somewhere else. It's a challenge for us."
PO-MO is hoping to fund the $200,000 LUMO project through crowd-sourcing web site Kickstarter, which Athavale hopes will help the company stay local, as well.
"Most of the (outside) investors that we've spoken to want us to move the company out of Winnipeg and we don't want to do that," they said. "Kickstarter gives us a chance to get the community around the project … and hopefully we can raise the funds ourselves so we can make the decision to stay here."
david.larkins@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @LarkinsWSun
The Student vote - update December 2014
Research highlights
The Green Party is now the second choice party for students
Labour and Conservatives see small falls in support
Lib Dem support continues to fall, and are now slightly lower than UKIP
The Green Party is now the second choice party for students, moving ahead of the Conservatives for the first time. Labour remains the first choice party, but support is slipping as the general election approaches, a trend seen amongst the wider population. Support for the Liberal Democrats continues to fall, putting them in 5th place - 1% behind UKIP and only just ahead of the SNP.
This is the first time in ten years of student polling that we've seen any party apart from the Conservatives, Liberal Democrats or Labour in a top three position. The increasing support for the Greens is part of a wider trend of disenchantment with the current state of politics and politicians, felt particularly strongly among young people. However, unlike among the general population, UKIP has not been a beneficiary of this disenchantment among students. UKIP has seen minimal growth in support from students.
Josephine Hansom, Head of Youth Research & Insight is not surprised by the increased popularity of the Greens. They commented, “The Green Party has been gaining popularity amongst students quickly and steadily for over a year now. We believe it is because young people are finding it harder to identify with the more established political parties; they don't have faith in traditional institutions or politicians' ability to provide the answer. The Greens appear to be connecting with those who are disenchanted with the current political landscape and who are looking for something new or an alternative, for example nearly half of all Green supporters in our poll (46%) believe that the Green Party is ‘different' to the other political parties.”
Pursuing this trend, we asked students which words they would use to describe politicians, offering positive and negative descriptors. The negative descriptors such as ‘dishonest,' ‘privileged,' ‘detached' and ‘greedy' were overwhelmingly chosen over more positive attributes.
Why the Green Party?
The last 18 months have seen the Green Party gain 14 percentage points and move from 4th to 2nd place amongst students. This means a quarter of students who are likely to vote would cast their ballot for the Green Party if there were an election tomorrow. As the rise of the Green Party is arguably the most compelling change in YouthSight's polling data in 2014, we have to explore why.
In part it is due to dwindle support for the Liberal Democrats, which has plummeted from a 50% extreme high at the time of the last general election, to the 5% low recorded in our latest wave of polling. In 2010, the Lib Dems were the ‘student's party' but their entry into the coalition government and perceived reneging on their top-up fees pledge has caused them serious electoral damage.
However, Lib Dem losses do not tell the whole story. It is no secret that the UK electorate are becoming increasingly disillusioned and frustrated with the current political parties and system. In the last year, this has manifested itself in a surge in support for UKIP and the stronger than expected backing of Scottish Independence. Amongst students, this is evidenced by increased support for the Green Party.
A remarkable 83% of students who support the Greens began to do so in the last two years, with 30% doing so in the last six months. This change most threatens the Labour party, as 28% of those currently supporting the Greens, supported Labour in the past (compared with 17% and 13% for the Lib Dems and Conservatives respectively.) A further 40% did not previously back any party, suggesting that the Greens are picking up support from both disenfranchised and new voters.
Hansom added, “there's been lots of talk about the growth in support for the Green Party in the last year or so. And a number of general population polls have shown their voting intention numbers on the rise too. But I've seen nothing this stark. By focusing in just on students we can see that among the best educated and most engaged group of young people – tomorrow's opinion formers and leaders – support for the Greens is moving beyond the margins, well and truly into the mainstream”
For students who support the Greens, the second and third most popular reasons for doing so (after environmental concerns) are a ‘lack of trust in other parties' and ‘increasing disillusionment with other parties.'
Whilst student voting patterns are not traditionally reflective of the wider population, recent research by the Higher Education Policy Institute (HEPI) has highlighted that the student vote could swing the results of some constituencies. Should these trends continue, we are gearing up for one of the most unpredictable elections in living memory.
YouthSight will continue to track student voting intentions and opinions up to and beyond the election. We published updates in September 2014, April 2014 and have produced reports of various sizes most years since 2004. If you're interested in our student polling – or youth research in general - please contact us (see below).
YouthSight has been polling student voting intention for the last 10 years. With nearly 100 waves of polling data, YouthSight provides and uniquely accurate picture of the student market. YouthSight's latest results show a fascinating shift in student voting intention.
About this research
Only full-time undergraduates at publicly funded UK and Higher Education institutions are included in each wave. The respondents questioned in the fieldwork for each wave are members of The Student Panel. Respondents have verified their academic email address (ending ‘ac.uk'). Nested quotas are used to achieve a sample that was representative of the UK full time undergraduate population by gender, course year (1, 2, 3+) and university type (Russell group, pre-1992 universities, post 1992 universities and specialist institutions). Targets for the quotas and weights are acquired using population data supplied by the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA). Fieldwork was conducted between 5th – 8th December 2014. To date YouthSight has completed 98 waves of fieldwork on the Student Vote since July 2004. The sample size for each student omnibus survey is between 1,000-1,100 respondents.
About YouthSight
YouthSight is a specialist youth research agency. YouthSight researches the youth, student and young professional markets. Powered by the 134,000 strong OpinionPanel Community – the UK's largest and best recruited specialist youth and student research panel, YouthSight works with brands, research agencies, universities, marketing and communications agencies, public policy organisations, trade and professional bodies, and employer brands. We love helping clients. Give us a call!
Linking
If using this story online please can you point hyperlinks to www.youthsight.com or our media centre http://www.youthsight.com/media-centre/
Contacts
Ben Marks, Managing Director, YouthSight, 020 7288 8789 / 07957 221 633 ben@youthsight.com
Sarah Newton, Research Manager, YouthSight, 020 7288 8789 sarah@youthsight.com
Microsoft may be preparing to launch three new Surface-branded all-in-one (AIO) PCs later this year. Reports of a Surface AIO first began in June when DigiTimes claimed that Microsoft is planning a Surface AIO as an alternative to the Surface Book. Windows Central now reports that Microsoft is testing three display sizes: 21-inch at full HD, 24-inch at 4K, and 27-inch at 4K. Microsoft is just reportedly testing the devices, and it's not clear if the PCs will ever make it to the market.
Microsoft regularly tests a wide range of potential hardware for its Surface-branded devices, and the company has attempted to break from the normal approach to tablets and laptops with the Surface Pro and Surface Book. If Microsoft is planning to launch a Surface AIO, it's easy to imagine that it wouldn't be your typical desktop machine that we've seen from the likes of HP, Dell, Apple, Lenovo, and others.
Microsoft hinted back in July that it's planning a new Surface-branded device for this year, and three more for 2017. Windows Central also reports that the Surface Book successor will have a hinge that allows the device to close flush like a traditional laptop. Existing Surface Books have an unsightly gap, introduced by Microsoft's use of a fulcrum hinge that lets the display detach from the keyboard base. The rumored redesign will allow the display and keyboard to sit flush and closed against each other when the lid to the Surface Book is closed.
Details around Microsoft's plans for a Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 are still vague, and the company could be waiting on Intel's Kaby Lake processors to introduce a refresh early next year. Microsoft is also planning two major software updates to Windows 10 next year, with the first expected to debut alongside new hardware in early 2017.
Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review
Just a day after City Hall announced that Bill Davies' company relinquished control of Chicago's massive old main post office building, a representative for the 80-year-old Brit said the eccentric entrepreneur has died.
Davies — who touted several proposals to redevelop the crumbling building on the western entrance to downtown Chicago after buying the property at auction for $24 million in 2009 — died after "a short illness," according to Sue Sadler, who acts as a spokesperson for Davies' company, International Property Developers.
City Hall announced the post office deal to the media about 7 p.m. Thursday. Sadler's email announcing Davies' death was sent shortly after 10 a.m. Friday. But no one involved in the sale of the post office building to New York-based 601W Cos. could say — or would say — on Friday evening whether Davies, known for controlling every aspect of their business, was alive when the deal was concluded.
Grant Klinzman, a spokesperson for Mayor Rahm Emanuel, declined to say when the city had learned of Davies' death, or when exactly the deal had closed.
Richard Sykes, a spokesperson for Savills UK, which helped Davies market the post office, said the deal closed Thursday night but replied "no comment" when asked whether Davies was alive at the time.
Sadler, who sent the original email announcing Davies' death, did not respond to requests for comment.
And the one person who could shed light on the situation was Mark Karasick, principal of 601W Cos., the company acquiring the post office building. Karasick said "Davies was not involved" when the deal closed Thursday.
Davies "had been ill for around 30 days (and) they had people to take care of it — their attorneys handled the closing," Karasick said. Karasick had not spoken personally with Davies for a month, and they said they learned of the death Friday morning.
The old Chicago main post office was built in 1921 by Graham, Anderson, Probst & White. A major expansion in 1932 added nine floors and more than 60 acres of floorspace. When it was expanded, a hole was reserved at its base for the planned Congress Parkway extension to run through it. The post office vacated the building in 1996 in favor of a more modern facility. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. (Chicago Tribune) (Chicago Tribune)
A self-made multimillionaire who once owned England's most famous racecourse, Davies had exasperated City Hall and Chicago's developer community for years by failing to get to work on the 2.5 million-square-foot building that straddles Congress Parkway and has sat vacant since the mid-1990s. Grand plans they floated for the site repeatedly fell through.
But the announcement of 601W Cos.'s $500 million redevelopment plan for the site was hailed Thursday night in a news release by Emanuel as "another significant step towards transforming the Old Main Post Office site into an economic driver for the City of Chicago." The price 601W Cos. paid for the building was not publicly disclosed.
In February, Emanuel had planned to take control of the building through eminent domain and seek a developer. The city agreed to postpone the move if 601W agreed to close on the sale and establish a viable development plan before a June 1 deadline, stipulations that were met Thursday, according to the city's release.
The building will be rehabilitated into offices with a 3-acre rooftop park complex, outdoor cafes, events space and a sports and fitness center, the city said. A riverfront space will include a riverwalk and a grand plaza with outdoor dining.
Vicky Flores, who ran International Property Developers' Chicago office, said Davies became ill in February while at their home in Barbados and was flown back to their family near Liverpool, England, three weeks ago. Davies was married and had two adult children.
Flores, who said Davies was "like a dad" to her, said they were told Friday morning of their death but they did not know exactly when they had died. "I haven't spoken with them since they became ill, but they kept me informed and said they were 'stable,'" they said.
And Martin Mulryan, a British business consultant who until recently acted as Davies' emissary to Chicago and spoke with them several times a week by phone, said they also had not been able to reach Davies for the past couple of months.
The deal with 601W Cos. closed for about $130 million, Mulryan said, but had previously been hampered by Davies' capricious personality. "If they had been involved they could have stopped (the deal)," Mulryan said. "I'm not saying they would have, but they had a habit all though their life of doing that on the eve of deals. They could be wild.
"We had some good laughs together," Mulryan said of Davies. "I'd told them they were out of their depth with the project and should sell, but they were laughing, joking and saying he'll outlast me."
Mulryan said when it came to selling the post office, Davies said, "I don't care if it takes another 50 years!"
This story was updated to reflect Davies' age as 80, not 82.
kjanssen@tribpub.com
Twitter @kimjnews
There's a new Wink hub heading to Walmart, Home Depot and Amazon, so Kevin Tofel and I unpacked the new features on the second generation of the smart home hub in this week's episode. We also discussed Amazon's delivery plans that could take advantage of your connected door locks and garage doors, and then hit Kevin up for their opinion on the Apple Watch 2. SAP's $2 billion investment in IoT, an IoT botnet, The Wirecutter's favorite connected camera and Snap's (formerly Snapchat) new glasses round out the show.
Afterward Carlos Herrera, the CEO of PetNet talks about what happened when their company's pet feeder stopped sending users updates in late July. They offer a valuable lesson on building connected devices and sets the story straight about what really happened during a 12 hour server failure. All pets were fed during the lack of internet access, which means for now, the internet of things didn't kill anyone's dog.
Hosts: Stacey Higginbotham and Kevin Tofel
Guest: Carlos Herrera, CEO of PetNet
Sponsors: HPE and ARM
TORONTO — The Calgary Stampeders have taken over top spot in the Nissan Titan Power Rankings. After their impressive comeback in the final minutes of the fourth quarter to force overtime, the Stamps defeated the Lions 44-41 to take over top spot in the West.
The Toronto Argonauts jumped three spots after their impressive victory over the Ottawa REDBLACKS but will they continue their rise? Meanwhile, the Blue Bombers and Alouettes are also moving up after their Week 6 victories.
— — — — — —
This Week: 1 | Last Week: 2
After the Stampeders' thrilling overtime win this week, including a 15-point comeback in the dying minutes of the fourth quarter, Calgary is the new leader of the pack. Bo Levi Mitchell was the star of the show for the Stamps, throwing for 364 yards and three touchdowns, including two late in the fourth quarter. A home and home with Saskatchewan awaits.
This Week: 2 | Last Week: 1
Henry Burris was back behind centre for the first time since being sidelined in Week 1 but it wasn't enough to avoid a 23-20 loss to the Toronto Argonauts this week. Burris and co. were no match for the strong outing from Toronto's defence. The veteran pivot, and the rest of their team, will look to get back in the winning column when they take on the Edmonton Eskimos in Week 7.
This Week: 3 | Last Week: 6
Led by kicker Lirim Hajrullahu's game winning field goal and A.J. Jefferson's late fourth quarter interception to seal the victory, the Toronto Argonauts move up three spots in the Power Rankings. With the victory, the Argos moved into sole possession of first place in the East Division. Toronto will have the week off before returning to the gridiron in Week 8 to take on the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
This Week: 4 | Last Week: 4
Jonathon Jennings and their Lions had a tough task containing the Calgary Stampeders in Week 6, but despite their loss stayed in the same position in the Power Rankings. BC will hope to get back to its winning ways this week when taking on the Montreal Alouettes.
This Week: 5 | Last Week: 5
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats remain static following their Week 6 bye. Head Coach Kent Austin reportedly confirmed that quarterback Zach Collaros will not play against the Blue Bombers this week, but that shouldn't worry the Ticats. Jeremiah Masoli is coming off their record breaking performance in Week 5 and will hope to lead their Ticats to a victory in Winnipeg.
This Week: 6 | Last Week: 3
The Eskimos could only live off last year's Grey Cup Championship for so long, and a 30-23 loss to Winnipeg in Week 6 was the tipping point, dropping them three spots in the Power Rankings. Derel Walker was a bright spot for the Esks, leading all receivers in the game with 11 receptions for 148 yards. Walker and the rest of their club will look to turn their luck around when they head to Ottawa to take on the REDBLACKS this week.
This Week: 7 | Last Week: 8
Quarterback Matt Nichols, starting in place of Drew Willy, had a solid first start for the Blue Bombers, helping to lead Winnipeg to its second victory of the season. The Bombers won the game but may have lost Weston Dressler for some time, who has reportedly been placed on the six-game injured list. Winnipeg will hope to win against the Ticats without its two top receivers this week.
This Week: 8 | Last Week: 9
The Montreal Alouettes' defence held the Saskatchewan Roughriders to just three points in a 41-3 victory in Week 6, moving the Als up one spot in the Power Rankings. Montreal will hope to keep its winning streak alive against the BC Lions in Week 7.
This Week: 9 | Last Week: 7
A one-sided loss to Montreal in Week 6 has the Riders in the basement for the first time this season. Mitchell Gale, in their second start since replacing the injured Darian Durant, and their offence were no match for Kevin Glenn and company. Saskatchewan will hope to get back in the winning column against the Calgary Stampeders in Week 7.
WEEK-BY-WEEK RANKINGS
“All information that there are some Russians there is false,” Tigipko told a briefing in the Ukrainian parliament on Wednesday.
Tigipko said the people they talked to showed them Ukrainian passports
and they saw that there are no Russian citizens in the building. “There
are no hostages there, either,” they said.
Tigipko said the people who are in the building of the Ukrainian Security Service's department are preparing to make demands.
“The authorities do not hear the demands made in the southeast.
People are making some demands, but no one hears them and no one wants
to react. Moreover, they are called all sorts of things, including
separatists, but they are really ordinary, normal people who want some
changes in the country and whom no one heeds now,” they said.
The protesters have turned to the authorities many times and spoken
about federalization, which should involve maintaining the unity of
Ukraine and greater powers of the regions.
Tigipko said they will meet with Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr
Turchynov in the near future to discuss the matter, adding that they also
intends to discuss the creation of a parliamentary commission to help
resolve people's problems in cooperation with the authorities.
Leisure activities can be fun, but the act of scheduling them can feel more like a chore, according to study. (Getty Images)
By Selin Malkoc
Have you ever found yourself dreading a leisurely activity you had eagerly scheduled days or weeks in advance?
I first caught myself doing this a few years ago when I was traveling home to Turkey. I had excitedly made plans to meet up with some old friends. But to my surprise, as the date approached, I started to feel reluctant and unenthusiastic about these long-awaited reunions.
"I have to go get lunch with my friend," I'd grouse to others, making it sound like a chore.
Was I an anomaly? Or do other people feel this way too? We increasingly rely on scheduling to organize our lives: phone calls, appointments, dates – and, yes, fun social activities. But can planning leisure activities also start to feel like work, too? Why might they become a source of dread?
As someone who studies consumer behavior and decision-making, I decided to explore this phenomenon with Gabbie Tonietto, a Ph.D. candidate in marketing. With Tonietto leading the investigation (the results would eventually become a part of their dissertation), we conducted a series of studies to see if filling out our calendars – even with fun activities – can have unexpected side effects.
All Work, No Play?
Across 13 studies, we found that the simple act of scheduling makes otherwise fun tasks feel more like work. It also decreases how much we enjoy them.
For example, in one, we asked participants to imagine grabbing a coffee with a friend. Half of the participants imagined that they planned this gathering a few days in advance and put it on their calendar, while the other half were told that they decided to grab a coffee on the fly. We found that this simple, relaxing activity was associated more with work-like qualities ("obligation," "effortful," "work") when it was scheduled, compared with when it was impromptu.
In several follow-up studies, we found that simply scheduling something fun – like a movie or social outing – felt like work even if it was something you regularly did, was something new or special or when you had nothing else planned for that day.
In another study, we set up a pop-up café on a university campus during finals that served free coffee and cookies. We flagged down students studying for their finals and gave them one of two tickets. The first asked participants to choose and schedule a time for them to take a study break and enjoy the free treats. The second simply told them that the café would be open during a two-hour window.
After participants showed up and had their coffee and cookie, we gave them a short questionnaire that asked them how much they enjoyed their study break. As expected, we found that those who had scheduled the study break didn't enjoy it as much.
The Constraints of a Schedule
So why can making set plans be such a drag?
We think that it has to do with how scheduling structures time. Scheduling, at its core, is about allocating time to activities. There are set beginning and end points. Such strict scheduling, however, is at odds with how people think about leisure and relaxation, which are associated with unconstrained freedom. As the saying goes: Time flies when you're having fun.
On the flip side, structured time is associated with work activities: Meetings start and end at specific times, deadlines loom and the specter of the clock is omnipresent.
So when your weekend is structured and planned – even if the activities are fun – they start to take on some of the qualities we tend to associate with work.
In another one of the studies, we asked participants to imagine that they'd just decided to spend their afternoon at a forest preserve doing a variety of activities, like canoeing and guided hikes. We told half the participants that they'd simply do two activates with a picnic in between. The other half were told they had signed up for activities at specific times (say, 12:30 p.m. to 2 p.m.), with time reserved in between for a picnic. Basically all the participants were making a spontaneous trips to the park and all were going to participate in similar activities. The only difference was that some of the participants had strict schedules, while others didn't.
We found that structuring not only made the activity feel more like work, but also decreased participants' desire to engage in them. In other words, even an impromptu leisure event starts to feel like work once it's structured.
A Rough Solution
But this doesn't mean that scheduling will take the fun out of everything. After all, you can't do everything on the fly. For those who do need to make plans days or weeks in advance, something called "rough scheduling" can work wonders.
Because scheduling can make weekend activities feel like work, we reasoned that relaxing the structure might alleviate some of these negative consequences. To test this idea, we asked students to either schedule a get-together at a set time or by referring to a gap in their day ("between classes"). We found that eliminating specific boundaries not only increased excitement, but also worked as well as doing something spur of the moment.
So next time you want to make plans, make them flexible. You'll feel less constrained – and more likely to have fun, too.
This article was written by Selin Malkoc, assistant professor of marketing, The Ohio State University, for The Conversation. It has been republished with permission.
Russia says the US has deployed the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) launchers from Jordan to its base in southern Syria, warning that the equipment could be used against Syrian government forces.
"The United States has moved two HIMARS multiple rocket launchers from Jordan to the At-Tanf US special forces base," the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement released on Thursday.
It also accused the US, which is purportedly fighting terrorists, of having “repeatedly issued strikes on Syrian government forces fighting Daesh near the Jordanian border.”
Thus, the ministry said, "it's not hard to guess that similar strikes will be continued against contingents of the Syrian army in the future using HIMARS.”
The deployment of any type of foreign weaponry on Syrian soil “must be approved by the government of the sovereign country," it pointed out.
The statement further said Moscow is closely monitoring the situation on the Syrian-Jordanian border.
On Wednesday, an intelligence source first reported the US relocation of the HIMARS from Jordan to Syria.
Read more:
The town of At-Tanf, home to a US base, is located in Syria's Homs Province near a Syria-Iraq border crossing on the main Baghdad-Damascus highway.
On June 6, US warplanes attacked a Syrian military position on the road to At-Tanf, killing an unspecified number of people and causing some material damage.
The US claimed that the Syrian forces who came under the attack posed a threat to its forces and their terrorist allies in Syria.
On May 18, the US carried out a similar strike on a Syrian military convoy near At-Tanf.
The Syrian army has denounced the attacks, saying they demonstrate US support for terrorism, at a time when the Syrian army and its allies are making gains against Daesh militants.
The US and its allies have been bombarding what they call Daesh positions inside Syria since September 2014 without any authorization from the Damascus government or a UN mandate.
They have been accused of targeting and killing civilians, while failing to fulfill their pronounced goal of destroying Daesh.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — A federal judge in Wisconsin has struck down as unconstitutional a law that gives clergy tax-free housing allowances.
The decision released Friday could have far-reaching financial ramifications for pastors across the country. Religious groups have been defending the allowance from legal challenges for years.
Under the federal law passed in 1954, ministers don't pay income taxes on compensation that is designated part of a housing allowance.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation argued that the law discriminates against secular employees.
U.S. District Judge Barbara Crabb ruled that the exemption provides an unconstitutional benefit to religious persons and no one else, violating the establishment clause of the U.S. Constitution.
Crabb also struck down the law in 2013, but a federal appeals court vacated their ruling because those challenging it didn't have standing.
[image via shutterstock]
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A murderer on death row requested a last meal of two pizzas, five lbs of cheese, super sized french fries, nachos, cherry Cokes, milkshakes, strawberry ice cream and more, before they were killed by lethal injection.
Gary Carl Simmons tucked into the 28,974 calorie-busting feast before they were led into the death chamber at the Mississippi State Penitentiary in Parchman.
The 49-year-old was found guilty of shooting 21-year-old grocery store butcher Jeffery Wolfe in August 1996.
They then chopped up their body with knives the butcher had sharpened for work and scattered their body parts in an alligator-infested creek.
The Mississippi blog GulfLive reported that Simmons asked for one Pizza Hut medium Super Supreme Deep Dish pizza, double portion, with mushrooms, onions, jalapeno peppers, and pepperoni; pizza, regular portion, with three cheeses, olives, bell pepper, tomato, garlic and Italian sausage; 10 8-oz. packs of Parmesan cheese; 10 8-oz. packs of ranch dressing; one family size back of Doritos nacho cheese flavor; 8 oz. jalapeno nacho cheese; 4 oz. sliced jalapenos; 2 large strawberry shakes; two 20-oz. cherry Cokes; one super-size order of McDonald's fries with extra ketchup and mayonnaise; and two pints of strawberry ice cream.
For those that will never taste freedom again, the last meal is supposed to symbolise the condemned making peace with those responsible for their death.
The custom has been cancelled in Texas however, following last year's request by Lawrence Russell Brewer for an enormous meal that included two fried chicken steaks with gravy and sliced onions, a triple bacon cheeseburger, a cheese omelette (with ground beef, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers and jalapeños), fried okra, a pound of barbecued meat with half a loaf of white bread, three fajitas, a pizza (topped with pepperoni, ham, beef, bacon and sausage), a pint of Blue Bell Ice Cream, a slab of peanut butter fudge and three root beers – none of which they consumed.
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
Similar hints of defiance of convicts set to be executed are also evident in a series of “special meals” recreated by photographer Henry Hargreaves.
Snapped from the point of view of the prisoner, the images illustrate the final moments of those sentenced to death in a manner far more vivid than words that can read like a shopping list.
The sight of a singly unpitted olive – believed to be a symbol of rebirth ? placed on a large ceramic plate and set with cutlery is stark and mildly absurd.
Ordered by Victor Feguer before their execution in 1963, they are reported to have been buried with the stone placed in their pocket.
And similar to Brewer's handling of their untouched gargantuan feast, the images illustrate other meals that were refused by death row inmates.
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
Murderer and armed robber Angel Nieves Diaz declined to break bread before going to their death – but was served a regular prison meal, which they also refused.
Notorious serial killer, rapist, kidnapper and necrophile Ted Bundy – who talked of suicide on the eve of their execution ? also didn't seem to have much of an appetite ahead of taking a seat in the electric chair. They were still served a ‘traditional' meal of steak, eggs, hash browns and toast.
And in a grisly final gag, murderer Ricky Ray Rector declared to a guard they were saving their pecan pie pudding for later after polishing off steak, fried chicken and Cherry Kool-Aid.
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
Afters were a priority for serial killer Timothy McVeigh too. The Oklahoma City bomber skipped mains in favour of two pints of mint and chocolate chip ice cream before they were executed by lethal injection.
John Wayne Gacy – responsible for the sexual assaults and murders of at least 33 teenage boys and young men ? was even more gluttonous. Having been a KFC restaurant manager, the final order made by the “Killer Clown” included a bucket of the fast food chicken and a pound of strawberries.
And in an act that would no doubt irk those that believe the last meal is a luxury that should not be afforded, Ronnie Lee Gardner was permitted to watch the Lord of the Rings trilogy as they fasted for 48 hours after their final supper.
Click here for 'Lawrence Russell Brewer's giant uneaten last supper and death row's oddest final meals' .
To be more precise, this new Luau Edition of Palm Island is really a “reintroduction”. Our first version of Palm Island was released in the summer of 2011. Since that time, we've learned quite a bit and developed a lot of great features, so we decided to put together this major upgrade to the world.
Whether you've used the original version of Palm Island or this version is your first, you will appreciate just how beautiful and vibrant this world is. Take a look at this comparison picture between the two versions (more pictures below):
Of course, the changes are much more than skin deep. Players are immersed in a world where they are programmers-in-training under Commander Roxie Rivet-minder. In addition to programming their robots to traverse the boardwalk path as part of the typical training regiment, they will have to prepare for a Luau Commander Rivet-minder is throwing by setting Lobster Traps, collecting Coconut Clusters, and placing Trash Bins. Just look at some of these shots from the world:
As players make progress, they'll earn badges in the game, which can also be tied to a CS2N.org (Computer Science Student Network) account (click here to create your free account).
There's a ton of new features and functionality included in Palm Island: Luau Edition, too many to give justice to in one short blog post, so we'll be highlighting different features in the coming days and weeks. A quick snapshot of some of these new features includes:
A completely refreshed world with new art and immersion elements
New side missions, a keyboard control area, and a line tracking element
An in-game map and interface that updates as the player makes progress in the world
A new Tutorial system that allows content to differ whether you're using Virtual Worlds for Mindstorms or Virtual Worlds for VEX Cortex
Two highly detailed, printable maps of the island, and a new issue of Robotics Today Magazine
Measurement tools that allow you to quickly view the distance and angles your robot needs to move
A new main menu to log in, quickly get to content, switch between robots, and enable/disable features in the world
Of course, the best thing that you can do is download and install Palm Island: Luau Edition from the RVW Level Packs page. Like all of our Virtual Worlds, Palm Island is completely free if you have a Robot Virtual Worlds license, and if you don't have one you can try it for free. We would love to hear your thoughts about Palm Island! Please share them on our Facebook page, here on the blog, or the ROBOTC.net forums.
A Rwandan man suspected of being complicit in the killing of 200 ethnic Tutsis during the 1994 genocide was found wandering in Maine this week after illegally crossing the border between Canada and the United States.
Jean Leonard Teganya (Canada Border Services Agency)
Jean Leonard Teganya, 42, was spotted on Sunday by a local resident in the woods near the border with Canada, Reuters reported. They were later questioned, then arrested by a U.S. Border Patrol agent and is being processed for removal from the country, according to a U.S. Customs and Border Protection news release.
Teganya was wanted in Canada for human-rights violations under the Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act, according to CBC News.
They traveled to Canada in 1999 and, according to the Bangor Daily News, sought asylum in 2011, claiming that they were not involved in the genocide and only escaped death because they are Hutu, the ethnic majority in Rwanda responsible for the killing of hundreds of thousands of Tutsi and moderate Hutu Rwandans.
At the time, they were a medical intern at Butare University Hospital, where hundreds of patients and staff were murdered, according to the National Post, which reported on Teganya's asylum case in 2012.
“This justification is not reasonable in the context of the Rwandan horror,” Canada's refugee board said at the time, according to the National Post. “Although they claim that they did not participate actively in the massacres, the panel … is entitled to ask itself whether the claimant's passivity in the face of the massacres is not equivalent to endorsing the policies and methods of the party in power.”
Teganya's father was a regional leader in the Hutu government at the time of the genocide, and they were sentenced to 22 years in prison. But during their application for refuge in Canada, Teganya said that they fear being imprisoned, tortured and punished for a long period of time before a trial in Rwanda because their father was convicted of war crimes, the National Post reported.
Alain Mukuralinda, a spokesperson for Rwanda's National Public Prosecution Authority, told The New Times that the recent developments “did not come as a surprise” but that they could not comment on the ongoing investigation.
Upon being taken into custody in Maine, Teganya was processed for entering the country “without inspection.” Once U.S. Customs officials learned that they were wanted in Canada, the agency's news release said, they were “processed for removal and turned over to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement's office of Enforcement and Removal Operations.”
There was an enthusiasm in the voice of Philadelphia Flyers captain Claude Giroux we hadn't heard much last season or earlier this season.
But when you're on a 9-2-1 run and you've rescued a season that began 1-7-0, you're certainly in a better frame of mind.
"Man, it's been fun," the star center told ESPN.com by phone Monday night.
No time to rest, though, because a weekend home-and-home sweep of the rival Pittsburgh Penguins is already old news and the Chicago Blackhawks are in town Tuesday night, followed by other tough tests with the playoff-desperate Dallas Stars on Thursday and visits from Stanley Cup contenders St. Louis and Los Angeles.
Quite the home stand, indeed, for a Flyers team beginning Tuesday second in the Metropolitan Division but only three points away from the danger zone.
"It's going to be a good test for us," Giroux said. "I think it's good timing for those teams to come to Philly and play us. We're aware that all of those teams have been playing well this year. We need to get those wins if we want to stay in the playoffs. They're going to be interesting games, and good games, too."
The sweep of the Pens, albeit against a Pittsburgh team missing some key injured players, gave the Flyers an emotional boost.
Claude Giroux has fueled the Flyers' resurgence this season. AP Photo/Jay LaPrete
"I think anytime you get a couple of wins in a row against a good team, it builds your confidence, you believe a little bit more in your play," said Giroux, the pride of Hearst, Ontario. "Anytime we play Pittsburgh it's always a good game and I thought we did a pretty good job of it."
Kind of amazing this team began the season 1-7-0, right? It's 34-18-7 since then.
"Once we won a couple of games we started getting our confidence back and we started to believe again," said Giroux, who wore the early season struggles heavily as team captain, just as they did last season when the team missed the playoffs.
No coincidence that the Flyers are soaring just as their top player is, with Giroux entering Tuesday tied for fourth in NHL scoring with 69 points (23-46), playing their best hockey in perhaps two years.
A little motivated after being overlooked by Team Canada for the Sochi Olympics?
"A little bit, but I try not to think about it anymore," said Giroux, who was crushed they didn't make the team that would eventually win gold in Sochi. "Obviously, I was disappointed and wanted to go to play for my country. But now that it's over with, I had a chance to get some rest, had a vacation, mentally and physically it was good and hopefully that's going to help me for the stretch run and the playoffs."
Led by Giroux, the Flyers have been a dangerous offensive outfit and are keeping the opposition on its heels. It's the kind of fluidity in their game that just wasn't there earlier in the season.
"They can get up and go offensively as good as any team in the league," said Ed Olczyk, who worked a pair of Flyers games for NBC over the past 10 days. "They're playing a much faster game. Their back end, too, is playing much faster which really helps the way that they're built. That's the one thing that's been very noticeable, they're playing a much faster game. And they're finishing their chances, earlier in the year they were real fragile and weren't doing that.
"The strength of their team is that they can get and up and go and play a real offensive game but they can also play a slugfest, too. If they find a way to make it, and I believe they will, they become a real dangerous team. The only question I have is whether they can defend enough."
Indeed, the team's Achilles' heel remains the blue-line, although veterans Kimmo Timonen and Mark Streit are playing their best hockey of the season right now and the acquisition of Andrew MacDonald has helped stabilize things back there a little.
Still, when push comes to shove, that's going to be their weak spot.
Which is why for the Flyers -- much like the Colorado Avalanche in the West -- it's about keeping the puck on the stick of their forwards and spending as little time as possible in their own end.
The Flyers looked slow in transition in early October, but since Craig Berube was elevated to head coach three games into the season the club has improved its ability to transition out of its own end.
And it's quite obvious the players on this team are buying what Berube is selling.
"He's good with the players, they really wants to know what we think," said Giroux. "He's really strong on the system and how we play. He's also pretty relaxed behind the bench. People may not think that because of how they were as a player but he's really calm back there."
In a season in which the Eastern Conference appears to be wide open, don't count out this hard-charging Flyers team, folks.
Becoming vegan does not only allow you to live a healthy, cruelty-free life, but also gives you the opportunity to step outside the box.
While many people are caught up in their day-to-day fatty, cholesterol-laden routines of chicken periods (aka. eggs) and chopped up pigs (aka. bacon), the world of vegan cuisine offers a beautiful and wide variety of plant based tasty foods and goodness.
In fact, the variety is so wide that we had to split this post into FOUR PARTS!
Here are some tastes of what us vegans eat for breakfast, with links to the different recipes. No animals harmed in the making of…
Layered Parfaits
Vegan Tofu Omelets and Scrambles
Tofu Omelet by Post Punk Kitchen
Oats and Other Porridge Variations
Peach Pie Oatmeal by The Lunchbox Bunch
Like what you see? There is much more in Part 2 of What Do Vegan Eat for Breakfast?
And Part 3 of What Do Vegans Eat for Breakfast?
You might also enjoy:
x Send to a Friend: Your name:
Your email:
Friend name:
Friend email:
Related posts:
PHILADELPHIA–Close to 200 members and supporters of the Philadelphia Taxi Workers Alliance braved 100 degree heat and rallied outside the headquarters of the Philadelphia Parking Authority today, July 7, to protest the continuing detention of four of their members and the harassment and temporary detention of 21 others.
Weeks ago, the Parking Authority mailed notices to 100 drivers to report to headquarters to receive money they were owed for fares collected by credit card transactions. When they arrived on June 30, 25 drivers were “thrown up against the wall,” searched and detained by ICE immigration agents. Twenty-one were released that evening after being held for several hours, and four were detained indefinitely. The Alliance, an ethnically diverse organization, includes citizens and non-citizens among its ranks, including many first generation immigrants.
Taxi Worker Alliance President Ron Blount told the World that the spirited rally was to protest the intrusion of the Philadelphia Parking Authority into the enforcement of immigration law, an area where they have no jurisdiction. They pointed out if only four of the 6,000 members of the alliance were being detained, then “there is not a problem,” in the area of immigration. The great majority of immigrant drivers are in the country legally, and the Parking Authority was clearly out of bounds, they said.
Dave Bennion, an attorney with the Nationalities Service Center, said the Parking Authority is not even a law enforcement agency, and that its action undermines the ability of law enforcement officers to do their jobs.
According to the Philadelphia Daily News, their reporter was told “the Parking Authority worked with federal authorities on this operation.”
This reporter spoke to two drivers who had been released but were wearing ankle bracelets pending a future court date. Soulieymane and Mamadou, both from Mali said they had been in the United States since 1995. Mamadou said, “You come here, you work, you try to do the right thing, and then you get arrested like this.”
Steve Chervenka, a second generation American and a Vietnam veteran, is political director of the Taxi Workers Alliance. They told the crowd that an attack on first generation immigrants was an attack on all the members and that the Alliance was showing the Authority that “We do have a voice.”
The rally drew support from a wide range of groups including clergy, labor, community and Jobs with Justice.
Photos: Ben Sears/PW
Exactly 10 days after the Delhi government cancelled the licence of Max Hospital after its doctors wrongly declared a 22-week-old premature baby dead, the Shalimar Bagh hospital has resumed its services on Wednesday.
The hospital had presented its case to the Finance commissioner on Tuesday.
“The operation of impugned order is stayed till the next hearing,” says the order by Finance Commissioner. The next hearing is on January 9.
The Delhi government on December 8 had cancelled the licence of the hospital's branch in Shalimar Bagh for wrongly declaring a baby dead.
A preliminary report submitted by a panel of doctors to the Delhi government had found the hospital guilty of not having followed the prescribed medical norms in dealing with a pair of newborn twins.
Also read No relief for Max hospital yet, matter further shifted for hearing on January 9
“Max Hospital Shalimar Bagh has resumed its operations from today, following a stay order issued by the appropriate Appellate authority to whom an appeal was made. We are fully focussed on providing quality care to all our patients and honouring our commitment of ensuring free treatment to the economically weaker sections of the society,” the hospital said in its statement on Wednesday morning.
However, Delhi government is still waiting for the order to examine the further course of action.
Also read Delhi L-G Anil Baijal may look into govt decision on Max hospital
“We were present in the hearing and the commissioner had not given any relief to the hospital. We are checking with our legal team,” said Dr Kirti Bhushan, director general of health services, Delhi government.
The three-member panel had submitted the report after scrutinising hospital records and meeting with the staff concerned. After the infant's death, investigation into the alleged medical negligence case was transferred from the northwest district police to the Crime Branch.
Also read Family celebrates loss of Max Hospital's licence
The authorities had then approached the Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal to look into the cancellation order.
The Finance Commissioner is a statutory post and the incumbent on this post exercises the powers of the Lieutenant Governor/ Chief Commissioner, delegated under various statues.
The commissioner has been delegated powers to act in a quasi-judicial capacity. The commissioner hears revision petitions/appeals against orders passed by competent authority under various acts including Delhi Nursing Home Registration Act, 1953.
Max Hospital, Shalimar Bagh on a monthly basis treats around 14,000 patients in the OPD, attends to over 1,600 emergency patients and additional 3,000 are treated in inpatient wards.
I was just struck this morning with a realization about Sam Harris's latest book: The Moral Landscape. I'm browsing through portions of it again after reading it when it was released, and I've come to realize that it's not simply a great book with an interesting proposition regarding science and values.
It's quite sneaky actually, although I don't think it's on purpose. I am wondering now how much of it they know about vs. what simply took on a form and strength of its own.
Basically, their main proposition is that science can, and should, help guide humanity toward the good life. In other words, not just in the sense of teaching us about what is, but also telling us what should be. It's the demolition of a centuries-old and violently-held belief that science cannot tell us anything about the big questions.
So, that's a big bite, to be sure. But I think it's the smaller one in the book1. I think the real brilliance, and what will change the world more is what they say about values and truth claims. In short, they seem to have written a brilliant science book where they claim more of life's questions for science, but in fact he's written one of the most important philosophical works ever created.
The fundamental argument is that facts and values are not as separate as people think they are, given that they are both built upon a given view of how the world works. They write:
Despite a widespread belief to the contrary, scientific validity is not the result of scientists abstaining from making value judgments; rather, scientific validity is the result of scientists making their best effort to value principles of reasoning that link their beliefs to reality.
They go on to say:
The very idea of “objective” knowledge (i.e., knowledge acquired through honest observation and reasoning) has values built into it, as every effort we make to discuss facts depends upon principles that we must first value (e.g., logical consistency, reliance on evidence, parsimony, etc.).
This seems like a necessary detour to get to where he's going, but this minor point, if accepted, will fundamentally change how we view the world. To me this is the parent idea, with one of the outcomes being the main point that people think he's making.
I honestly think we may be looking at one of the most important philosophical works in a long time, and I find it amusing that most people–including those who enjoyed the book–probably think it's just another “New Atheist” book. ::
[ EDIT: Removed some hyperbole. ]
Notes
1Keep in mind this is a first-waking-moment type of thought; I haven't applied much scrutiny as of yet.
KARACHI: Pakistan's navy says it appears to have regained control of a base that had been attacked and occupied by militants for more than 15 hours.
Spokesman Salman Ali said Monday commandos were still searching the sprawling facility in Karachi but that "apparently there is no more militant resistance."
They say the navy would not release details on militant casualties until the base had been fully searched.
Taliban militants assaulted the headquarters of Pakistan's naval air force, battling on Monday security forces in the most brazen attack in the country since the killing of Osama bin Laden, killing 13 people, injuring 16 others and blowing up at least two military aircraft.
The dead include 11 navy officials and one Ranger, DawnNews reported.
Blasts rang out and helicopters hovered above the PNS Mehran base near Shahrah-e-Faisal almost 14 hours after more than 20 Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) militants stormed the heavily guarded building with guns and grenades, blowing up at least two aircraft and casting doubt on the military's ability to protect its installations.
The Pakistan Taliban, which is allied with al Qaeda, said the attack was to avenge the al Qaeda leader's killing on May 2.
Bin Laden was shot dead by US special forces in a secret operation that Pakistan says breached its sovereignty.
“It was the revenge of martyrdom of Osama bin Laden. It was the proof that we are still united and powerful,” Taliban spokesperson Ehsanullah Ehsan told Reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location.
Trucks carrying military and paramilitary rangers streamed into the base in the southern city of Karachi in the morning, as security forces tried to end the siege.
A senior security official, who declined to be identified, said the militants had taken over a building in the base.
Another official stationed in the base said the militants had not taken any hostages, but added: “There is a chance that some terrorists have suicide belts or jackets.”
Sixteen military men were wounded in the attack, some reports said that at least three militants had been killed while trying to flee but nothing has been confirmed so far.
The base is 15 miles from the Masroor Air Base, Pakistan's largest and a possible depot for nuclear weapons.
“They were carrying guns, rocket-propelled grenades (RPG) and hand grenades. They hit the aircraft with an RPG,” Navy spokesperson Commander Salman Ali said of the militants.
A spokesperson said two P-3C Orion, maritime patrol aircraft, had been destroyed and that intermittent gunfire was continuing.
Interior Minister Rehman Malik said earlier that the militants had attacked from the rear of the base. “We have been able to confine them to one building and an operation is underway either to kill or capture them,” they said.
Media reports said the attackers had made their way in through a sewer pipe but that was not confirmed. The military's goal was to capture as many of the attackers alive as possible, television reported.
The attack evoked memories of an assault on Pakistan's army headquarters in the city of Rawalpindi in 2009, and is a further embarrassment for the military, widely seen as the only properly functioning institution in Pakistan, in the wake of bin Laden's killing.
The military has come under intense pressure from the United States and its own people for failing to know that bin Laden had been living in a garrison town, north of the capital and near a top military academy, for years, and also for allowing five US helicopters to penetrate Pakistan's airspace and kill him.
Wave Of Bombings
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani condemned the attack.
“Such a cowardly act of terror could not deter the commitment of the government and people of Pakistan to fight terrorism,” Gilani said in statement.
Pakistan has faced a wave of assaults over the last few years, many of them claimed by the Pakistani Taliban.
Others have been blamed on al Qaeda-linked militant groups once nurtured by the Pakistani military and which have since slipped out of control.
The Taliban have stepped up attacks since bin Laden's death, killing almost 80 people in a suicide bombing on a paramilitary academy and an assault on a US consular vehicle in Peshawar.
The TTP is led by Hakimullah Mehsud, whose fighters regularly clash with the army in the northwest. The group also claimed responsibility for a botched plot to bomb New York's Times Square last year.
The discovery that bin Laden was living in Abbottabad, has revived suspicions that militants may be receiving help from some people within the security establishment.
Washington sees Pakistan as a key, if difficult, ally essential to its attempts to root out militant forces in neighbouring Afghanistan.
“We condemn the attack and our sympathies are with the families of those injured or killed,” the White House said in a statement.
On April 28, suspected militants detonated a roadside bomb in Karachi, killing four members of the navy, the third attack on the navy in a week.
New Delhi: The government has zeroed in on 5,800 companies suspected to have laundered money after demonetisation, a government statement said on Friday, calling it the “tip of the iceberg" of corruption.
The number was based on data submitted by 13 banks on post-demonetisation transactions by some of the more than 200,000 companies struck off the records of the Registrar of Companies earlier this year.
“Data received from them (13 banks) pertains to merely about 5,800 companies (out of more than 2 lakh that were struck off) involving 13,140 accounts," said the statement by the ministry of corporate affairs.
Earlier, these banks had been asked to restrict operation of the bank accounts of such companies by their directors.
A few of the companies have been found to have more than 100 accounts in their names. One company had as many as 2,134 accounts.
“It needs to be re-emphasized that this data is only about 2.5% of the total number of suspected companies that have been struck off by the government. The huge money game played by these companies may well be the tip of an iceberg of corruption, black money and black deeds of these and many more of their brethren," the statement added.
The government also said that it had instructed investigative agencies to complete their probe of suspected wrongdoing within a given time frame.
“As part of the crackdown exercise, it looks like the first step could be bank account details of the struck-off companies; these details will be verified and cross-checked with the financial statements submitted by the companies to the ministry of corporate affairs or Registrar of Companies," said Samir Paranjape, a partner at consulting firm Grant Thornton India LLP.
Once these companies have been identified, it will be the government's prerogative whether to penalize or prosecute them. But it will definitely give the government a vast treasure of information to pursue the push against black money, Paranjape added.
On 12 September, the ministry of corporate affairs stated that it had identified 106,000 directors of companies who did not file their financial statements or annual returns for three straight years, violating provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Shell firms, though not defined under the Companies Act, are those that have negligible business activity and are used as an front for money laundering and tax evasion. Often, these firms meet statutory requirements in letter to remain unnoticed.
The MCA's statement on Friday said these companies had multiple accounts with negative or low balance prior to 8 November, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the invalidation of high-value banknotes. The account balances, however, reflected transactions worth several crore rupees post-demonetisation and continued until the companies were struck off the Registrar of Companies's records.
In some cases, transactions have been recorded even after the company was struck off, the government said.
“It is informed that, after separating the loan accounts, these companies were having a meagre balance of Rs22.05 crore to their credit on 8th November, 2016. However, from 9th November, 2016 i.e. after the announcement of demonetisation, till the date of their being struck off, these companies have altogether deposited a huge amount of Rs4,573.87 crore in their accounts and withdrawn an equally large amount of Rs4,552 crore. With loan accounts there was a negative opening balance of Rs80.79 crore," the statement added.
Share
Carbon fiber is a material typically reserved for the cream of the crop. Outside of faux gear shifters or glossy dashboard accents, you probably won't find the distinct carbon weave on a commuter car like a Honda Civic or Kia Rio.
No, the lightweight medium is usually saved for vehicles with ‘sports' or ‘super' somewhere in their name, vehicles like the all-new Ford GT. The second-generation supercar is built around a carbon fiber monocque, and also uses the material in the body panels.
Building off the car's positive reception at the 2015 Detroit Auto Show, Ford has announced a new collaboration to develop ‘low-cost, high-volume' carbon fiber for automobiles.
The partnership involves carbon supplier DowAksa and will be a part of the Institute for Advanced Composites Manufacturing Innovation created by the U.S. Government. The newly commissioned group is part of the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation under the U.S. Department of Energy.
“Our collaboration with DowAksa and participation in this organization significantly boosts what we are able to achieve,” said Ken Washington, Ford's VP of Research and Advanced Engineering. “We have a true alliance of highly talented people working to take automotive materials to the next level.”
And what exactly is the next level? Lower prices and greater availability, to put it simply, which could mean that even ‘regular' cars could benefit from an improved power-to-weight ratio and better fuel economy without sacrificing significant strength.
Ford has been working with Dow Chemical, one half of DowAksa (the other is Aksa, naturally), since 2012. The broadening of the partnership's spectrum could net many benefits, and Patrick Blanchard, a supervisor of Ford's Composites Group, believes fuel efficiency will be the biggest of them.
“Our goal is to develop a material that can greatly reduce vehicle weight in support of improved fuel economy for our customers,” they said. “The flexibility of the technology allows us to develop materials for all vehicle subsystems across the product line, resulting in a weight savings of more than 50 per cent compared to steel.”
Ford and DowAksa will also invest in more efficient manufacturing techniques and new recycling processes.
Michael Mihalyfi, 23, (pictured) was left needing two operations following the incident
A driving instructor who was left needing two operations when their jealous ex-girlfriend brutally stabbed them is calling for tougher sentences for violent women after they avoided jail.
Michael Mihalyfi, 23, was returning belongings to ex Zoe Radley, 36, when they came over to their car and slashed their left hand with a knife.
The attack left them with a deep 10cm cut to their hand which required stitches, two operations and physiotherapy for a year.
Radley, of Cressing, Essex, confessed to the crime but was spared jail at Chelmsford crown court last week.
Them sentence has infuriated Mr Mihalyfi who said: 'If it was the other way round I think I'd be in prison.'
After the incident in March last year, police attended and Mr Mihalyfi was taken to Broomfield Hospital by ambulance.
There they carried out exploratory surgery to check for tendon damage and stitched the wound.
Mr Mihalyfi said: 'I thought they were going to get locked away, even if it was just for a short time because she's already got a criminal record.
The attack left them with a deep 10cm cut to their hand which required stitches and physiotherapy for a year
Zoe Radley, 36, came over to Mr Mihalyfi's car and slashed their left hand with a knife
'But I think she's got off because she's got a daughter. The system is totally wrong.
'She has basically got away with it. It won't stop them doing things in future and it's not much of a deterrent.'
The couple had split up after a brief six-month relationship before the attack in March last year.
Mr Mihalyfi said: 'I went to their house and they had a few bits of mine as well.
'She came up to the car and handed me this bag of doughnut mix that was mine, then cut the bag open and me.
'In one sense it was an accident. But why did they have the knife?
'She knew they had injured me because I was bleeding and they said I would need stitches before walking off and having a cigarette.'
Mr Mihalyfi, of Braintree, Essex, has been left with a scar and permanent damage.
Zoe Radley, of Cressing, Essex, confessed to the crime but was spared jail at Chelmsford crown court last week
At hospital, doctors carried out exploratory surgery to check for tendon damage and stitched the wound
They said: 'My hand will never be the same.
'I'm left-handed and self-employed so it affected my job. I had to take a week off work following the initial injury because police took my car and I had to take another week off for the second surgery.
'I think they should have to give something back like community service. A suspended sentence isn't enough.
'It won't impact her, all they have to do is not break the law again which is what normal people do anyway.'
Radley admitted having an article with a blade or point, unlawful wounding and damaging property at Chelmsford Crown Court.
They were given an 18 month prison sentence, suspended for two years for unlawful wounding, Radley was also given nine months for possession of a bladed article and one month for criminal damage, both to run concurrently.
Radley was told to pay a victim surcharge of £100 and complete a 60-day rehabilitation action requirement.
PARIS (Reuters) - A man deliberately rammed a car carrying weapons and explosives into a police van as it drove in a convoy down Paris's Champs Elysees avenue on Monday, officials said.
French police officers engage with a suspect outside a car at the Champs Elysees avenue in Paris, France June 19, 2017 in this still image obtained from social media. EUGENIO MORCILLO via REUTERS
The man, who was known to French security services, died in the incident and the Paris prosecutor's counter-terrorism unit said it had opened an investigation.
It was unclear how the man, who was not named, had died. Nobody else was hurt.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said the car had been carrying weapons and explosives. “This once again shows that the threat level in France is extremely high,” Collomb told journalists near the scene.
France has been on high security alert following a series of militant Islamist attacks, including the shooting of a police officer in an Islamic State-claimed attack on a police bus on the Champs Elysees, one of the world's most famous thoroughfares, in April. [nL8N1HS6BF]
Eighty-six people died in a truck attack on a crowd in Nice last year and similar incidents have occurred in other European cities.
The incident in Paris came hours after a van plowed into Muslim worshippers near a mosque in London, injuring 10 people.
In the Paris incident, eyewitnesses saw the man being pulled from the car as it burned, and footage on the Daily Mail web site later showed an officer stripping clothes from the body.
The car struck the front of the van as it overtook a convoy of police vehicles, a police spokesperson said. Footage recorded shortly afterwards at the site, a short walk from the Elysee presidential palace and the U.S. embassy, showed yellow smoke billowing from the car.
“We saw big flames coming out of the front windows of the car,” 16-year-old eyewitness Adrien Cairo told Reuters.
“Then suddenly we saw four police officers arrive, they knocked on the window, they said ‘Sir, are you alright? Can you hear us?'
They said police broke the window and pulled the man from the car while other police used fire extinguishers to put out the blaze.
President Emmanuel Macron said last month their government would ask parliament to extend wider search and arrest powers granted under a state of emergency called after Islamist gunmen and suicide bombers killed 130 people in and around Paris in November 2015.
Some magistrates and human rights groups have protested against the proposal that would enshrine in ordinary law measures currently in place under the state of emergency.
IMF Survey : Iceland Makes Strong Recovery from 2008 Financial Crisis
Macroeconomic conditions at their best since the crisis
Recovery achieved without compromising welfare model
Full re-integration with global financial markets remains a key challenge
Iceland has rebounded after the 2008/9 crisis and will soon surpass pre-crisis output levels with strong performance in tourism and fisheries. Debt ratios are on a downward path and balance sheets have broadly been restored. The financial sector is back on track though with some important items remaining on the docket.
ECONOMIC HEALTH CHECK
In an interview with IMF Survey, Peter Dohlman, IMF Mission Chief for Iceland, explained what sets Iceland apart from other countries having experienced the financial crisis.
IMF Survey: Iceland was in a state of collapse in 2008 but is now back on its feet and has become a success story. Can you give us a sense of Iceland's economic picture today?
Dohlman: Overall, macroeconomic conditions in Iceland are now at their best since the 2008/9 crisis. Iceland has been one of the top economic performers in Europe over the past several years in terms of economic growth and has one of the lowest unemployment rates. A particular bright spot for Iceland has been the booming tourism industry, which has also contributed to a strong current account surplus.
Other indicators of Iceland's successful trajectory are its low inflation, stable exchange rate, and ready market access. Iceland's strong balance of payments has allowed it to repay early all of its Nordic loans and much of its IMF loans while maintaining adequate foreign exchange reserves.
There are of course some important remaining vulnerabilities and risks. Public and external debt ratios are still high, though on a downward sustainable path. The prospect of funds exiting quickly and disrupting external stability in the absence of capital controls is still a potential and important vulnerability. Downside risks emanate from significant wage pressures and an uncertain external environment, including risks of slower demand and deflationary pressures from trading partners.
IMF Survey: What are some of the main factors behind Iceland's remarkable recovery?
Dohlman: Iceland has of course made good use of its natural resources, including the traditional fishing industry, but also the energy sector and most recently tourism. Iceland's geothermal clean energy has attracted energy-intensive industries, including in recent years data storage centers and silica plants. Since 2010, Iceland's tourism industry has boomed with promising prospects.
Iceland's recovery can also be explained by sound policies. The quick restoration of the domestic banking system and early steps to facilitate domestic debt restructuring were important. Steady fiscal adjustment, while carefully preserving its Nordic welfare model, has made Iceland one of just a handful of European countries running budget surpluses. Central bank policies have helped steer inflation close to target while capital controls continue to provide breathing room to address remaining vulnerabilities. In addition, the country has maintained much of the boost in competitiveness spurred by the early depreciation of the krona, contributing to a rebalancing towards export-oriented sectors. It is also important to recognize both Iceland's strong ownership and performance under the 2008-2011 IMF-supported program.
IMF Survey: How does Iceland's experience differ from that of other European countries that still struggle with the impact of the global financial crisis?
Dohlman: Iceland has done relatively well. This year, Iceland will become the first 2008-10 crisis country in Europe to surpass its pre-crisis peak of economic output. The key differentiating factors supporting Iceland's relatively strong recovery are worthy of further study, but rapid external adjustment through depreciation and limited government absorption of private financial sector debt were likely important factors. Iceland also had a low debt ratio going into the crisis. Relative to past financial crises in Nordic countries, Iceland's experience has actually been quite similar.
IMF Survey: Are there any unresolved issues in the financial sector?
Dohlman: This is an important question. The core banking sector looks strong. The nonperforming loan ratio is down and capital and liquidity buffers are high. Banks have been profitable and lending is rebounding. But there are some important areas that need further attention.
First, the ownership of the core banking sector, which remains in the hands of government and the failed old bank estates, needs to be normalized by putting them in the hands of ‘fit and proper' owners.
Second, the loss-making government-owned Housing Financing Fund, which currently dominates the mortgage market, needs to be unwound as its business model is no longer viable and replaced by a financially viable successor housing program that meets public policy housing objectives.
Third, there is a need to further strengthen financial safety nets in Iceland such as the deposit insurance system, the bank resolution process, and emergency liquidity assistance. The Financial Supervisory Authority of Iceland should proceed with plans to strengthen bank supervision.
IMF Survey: What are the economic and financial sector priorities going forward?
Dohlman: A key economic policy challenge is to re-integrate Iceland's financial markets with the rest of the world through removal of capital controls. These controls continue to provide stability but have a distorting effect and their macroeconomic costs rise over time. The authorities are now updating their capital account liberalization strategy and expect to make significant progress this year and are keenly aware of the need to preserve stability.
It is important for Iceland to support the liberalization process by maintaining sound policies. In addition to the financial sector reforms I already mentioned, Iceland can use fiscal policy to rebuild fiscal buffers and support growth while carefully assessing distributional consequences. This could include a shift towards more public investment in roads and the health sector, and revisiting the mix of direct and indirect taxes. Steps to strengthen Iceland's budget framework and the independence and accountability of the central bank will also be important.
Progress in these areas should provide a solid foundation for continued growth in Iceland.
(Photo courtesy of Tenants of the Trees)
Allegations that patrons have been roofied at popular Silver Lake bar Tenants of the Trees have reached a fever pitch in recent weeks, spurred by a tweet from comedian Kate Berlant.
ATTN WOMEN OF LA: I know of at least 7 women who have been roofied at Tenants of the Trees in Silverlake. BE VIGILANT. — Kate Berlant (@kateberlant) June 7, 2016
Tenants of the Trees replaced gay bar/neighborhood institution MJ's last August and almost immediately became one of the hipper spots in town (per Vogue: If you can get in, you're likely to bump into models visiting from New York, members of Judd Apatow's lad-flick clique, and music-industry luminaries...).
After Berlant's tweet, more speculation about women being drugged at Tenants of the Trees circulated on social media, but no one has yet publicly come forward to say they were victimized, and LAPD's Northeast Division told LAist that they didn't know of any drug-related complaints involving the bar.
Tenants of the Trees co-owner Reza Fahim told LAist that they and co-owner Jason Lev took the allegations "very seriously," and said that "regardless of whether the allegations that have been made are true or not, this is activity that we take extremely seriously and believe strongly that it cannot be tolerated."
The Los Feliz Ledger, who originally reported the story, spoke to a former Tenants of the Trees employee who called the incidents "a trend," saying that "It doesn't just happen once in a while.” According to the Ledger, the former employee quit after a friend was drugged while visiting them at work. The former employee told the Ledger that they "told security and management. I pointed out the guy. And they just let them come back whenever."
Fahim pushed back in regard to the former employee's allegations, saying that "she definitely never complained about anything and they definitely did not quit." Fahim said that bar management believe they made the allegations in an effort to retaliate against the bar after being fired. They also noted that the former employee often hung out at the bar on their days off up until the week they were fired, which would run counter to their complaints about the environment.
Ana Calderon, a prominent L.A. DJ who hosts one of the most popular nights at Tenants of the Trees, expressed shock over the incidents. "I take that type of offense extremely seriously," Calderon said. "It makes me super angry that women are often subjected to that criminal act all around the world when they are just out trying to have fun."
"This is one of the first clubs I've ever worked at that happily removed people for crossing personal space boundaries or making women uncomfortable," Calderon told LAist. "Back when I hosted/DJ-ed more in Hollywood, it was like a three strikes rule before any action was taken and it used to make me so mad... But at Tenants it's just not tolerated. I like that I can go up to a bouncer and be like, 'that guy made my friend feel weird, can you please help?' and next thing you know that person is ejected."
Fahim also told LAist that after learning of the allegations they and Lev met with staff to make them more aware of the possible problem, and took a number of steps, which Fahim detailed in an email to LAist:
We have instructed our staff to immediately remove all unattended drinks, and we have reached out to our patrons and those in the online community who are discussing this matter in an effort to create awareness and learn more about each incident so that we can try our best to investigate (by reviewing video tape if possible) or otherwise try and determine if we can figure out what happened or who is responsible. This is not easy under the best of circumstances and is even harder when we only become aware of an incident far after it occurred.
If you have information about the alleged incidents at Tenants of the Trees, we'd like to hear your story. Please reach out to us at tips@laist.com.
Related: These Women Caught A Guy Drugging Their Date's Drink At Fig In Santa Monica
Disgraced former Rep. Trey Radel (R-Fla.), who resigned yesterday, was a man of the PAC people, at least in 2013.
PAC contributions made up 71 percent of the almost $300,000 that Radel, a former television reporter, raised in the first three-quarters of last year — before reports of their cocaine purchase broke on Oct. 29.
Three of them gave them $10,000 or more: New York Life Insurance ($10,500); Home Depot ($10,000); and Every Republican Is a Crucial PAC ($10,000), the leadership PAC of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.).
Altogether, leadership PACs were Radel's third largest contributing industry in the 2014 cycle, giving them $18,184 — behind air transport ($22,726) and health professionals ($20,750). Besides ERIC PAC, House Speaker John Boehner‘s (R-Ohio) Freedom Project and Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy‘s (R-Calif.) Majority Committee contributed to Radel.
It's not unusual for first-year student lawmakers to draw contributions from their party's leadership PACs, as they often lack the clout or experience to have built a Rolodex of deep-pocketed donors. In a swift reversal, as this blog has noted, the party leadership dropped Radel almost instantly once news of the drug bust surfaced.
Radel ended the third quarter of 2013 with $255,730 on hand, but listed $206,000 in unpaid loans — that they made to their own campaign. Indeed, Radel personally financed 19 percent of campaign expenses during their 2012 bid (that's about the same amount PACs gave them in that race). It's unclear if the “Hip Hop Conservative” and tea party favorite will pay themselves back, though they may not be too worried about it: OpenSecrets.org's analysis of their personal financial disclosure report for 2012 estimates their net worth at between $1.7 million and $6.4 million. Radel's campaign also listed a debt of almost $14,000 to the law firm Bracewell & Giuliani.
Follow Emily on Twitter: @emilyakopp
Image: Former Congressman Trey Radel (R-Fla.) poses with House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) at the Capitol. (Source: the flickr stream of Rep. Steve Chabot (R-Ohio ))
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Mumbai Indians will not play a home match in Mumbai in May following a Bombay High Court ruling © BCCI
IPL chairperson Rajiv Shukla has said that Visakhapatnam, Raipur and Kanpur are frontrunners to be alternative home venues for Mumbai Indians and Rising Pune Supergiants after a Bombay High Court ruling ordered matches after April 30 to be moved out of Maharashtra due to a state-wide drought. They also said Delhi, Bangalore and Kolkata were in contention to host the three playoff games - the Eliminator, Qualifier 2 and final - that were scheduled to be played in Pune and Mumbai.
Shukla confirmed they would meet with representatives from both franchises in Delhi on April 15 to formulate a revised arrangement, which will later be ratified by the IPL governing council. They said, however, that the Maharashtra Cricket Association and the IPL would request the Bombay High Court for permission to host the match between Supergiants and Mumbai in Pune on May 1 due to difficulties involved in shifting equipment.
"Since there is a match on April 29 and May 1 in Pune - back-to-back matches - it will be almost impossible to move the equipment in 24 hours to another venue," Shukla told reporters in Rajkot. "That's a technical problem, so we are going to appeal tomorrow to the Bombay High Court if they can allow one more match in Pune. The other matches will be shifted. We decided yesterday that we are not going for an appeal. We will be implementing the verdict given by the court."
Kings XI Punjab were scheduled to play three home matches in Nagpur in May and Shukla said the franchise will shift those games to Mohali and Dharamsala.
They also suggested that Jaipur was a prospective venue if either Mumbai or Supergiants expressed interest. "The RCA can't host the match but the government has approached us to host the match," Shukla said. "We will put Jaipur also as an option. Let's see how the franchises react. We can host [matches without RCA being there]. There is a sports council of the government."
Shukla revealed Supergiants had requested the use of Eden Gardens as a home venue but said the IPL rules may not allow it.
"Technically, it's very difficult because it is the designated home ground of a franchise," they said. "So far two matches of Gujarat Lions are slotted in Kanpur. If these franchises want Kanpur then those two matches will be played in Rajkot."
While Chennai and Ranchi were ruled out, Shukla said they were waiting to hear from the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association on Indore's availability. "The MPCA secretary is checking with the authorities because the Kumbh Mela is going on and all the security forces have been deployed there."
Shukla said the biggest logistical challenge was movement of equipment: "It is a gigantic exercise. Then all those things - the look and feel of stadium, ticketing, maintenance of ground and wickets - will have to be looked into as well."
The court's ruling came after a Public Interest Litigation questioned the hosting of matches in Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur, and the order affects 13 games in the tournament. Mumbai was scheduled to host four matches after April 30, including the tournament final on May 29. Pune will miss out on six matches, including the Eliminator and Qualifier 2, while Nagpur will not host any fixtures this season.
While hearing the PIL filed by Loksatta Movement, a Hyderabad-based NGO, last week, the court sought an explanation from the BCCI and the three state associations on why water should be "wasted" on hosting games when the state faced one of its worst ever droughts. In the next hearing, the court allowed the opening match to be held as scheduled in Mumbai on April 9, but earlier this week asked the BCCI if matches could be shifted out of Pune.
In its defence, the BCCI had stated that less water was used to prepare the ground for an IPL game when compared to an international fixture. The board also stated that it intended to use treated sewage water for ground preparation in Mumbai and Pune. Mumbai and Supergiants had also proposed to contribute INR 5 crore to the Maharashtra chief minister's drought relief fund and supply 40 lakh litres of water to drought-hit areas at their own cost.
Arun Venugopal is a correspondent at ESPNcricinfo. @scarletrun
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
A strategy to code all day is finding the best position which is comfortable, comfy and within reach of essential stuff like water and food.
Personally the most comfortable and comfy way to code is in bed while laying down with a pillow behind you and on your lap so you don't have to bend your neck too much. I would also recommend having a book under your laptop to prevent heating and a charger near.
One life hack I found from coding all day in bed is to have 2 duvets one for testing against and one to cover yourself and position your laptop.
When coding you'll also get bored if you work on one thing all day long do I would try to work on tests, front-end, backend and documentstion to prevent boredom or burnout.
However all of this may have a negative affect on your health so I recommend listening to podcast about coding or watch a tutorial while stretching or doing 30 minutes of physical workout. Also since you will be in bed all day do not eat unhealthy food and eat healthy.
So overall:
This is the account of the discovery of a skull that has the potential to change what we know about human evolution, and a suppression and cover-up which followed.
In 1959, in an area called Chalkidiki in Petralona, Northern Greece, a shepherd came across a small opening to a cave, which became visible when a thick covering of snow finally melted. They gathered a group of villagers to help them clear the entrance so they could go inside and explore. They found a cave rich in stalactites and stalagmites. But they also found something surprising – a human skull embedded in the wall (later research also uncovered a huge number of fossils including pre-human species, animal hair, fossilized wood, and stone and bone tools).
was given to the University of Thessaloniki in Greece by the President of the Petralona Community. The agreement was that once the research was done, a museum would be opened featuring the findings from the Petralona cave, and the skull would be returned to be displayed in the museum – something that never happened.
Dr Aris Poulianos, member of the UNESCO's IUAES (International Union of Anthropological and Ethnological Sciences), later founder of the Anthropological Association of Greece , and an expert anthropologist who was working at the University of Moscow at the time, was invited by the Prime Minister of Greece to return to Greece to take a position of a University Chair in Athens. This was due to the publication of their book, ‘The Origins of the Greeks', which provides excellent research showing that Greek people didn't originate from the Slavic nations but were indigenous to Greece. Upon their return to Greece, Dr Poulianos was made aware of the discovery of the skull at Petralona, and immediately started studying the Petralona cave and skull.
The ‘Petralona man', or Archanthropus of Petralona, as it has since been called, was found to be 700,000 years old, making it the oldest human europeoid (presenting European traits) of that age ever discovered in Europe. Dr Poulianos' research showed that the Petralona man evolved separately in Europe and was not an ancestor of a species that came out of Africa.
In 1964, independent German researchers, Breitinger and Sickenberg, tried to dismiss Dr Poulianos' findings, arguing that the skull was only 50,000 years old and was indeed an ancestor that came from Africa. However, research published in the US in 1971 in the prestigious Archaeology magazine, backed up the findings that the skull was indeed 700,000 years old. This was based on an analysis of the cave's stratigraphy and the sediment in which the skull was embedded. Further research in the cave discovered isolated teeth and two pre-human skeletons dating back 800,000 years, as well as other fossils of various species.
Today, most academics who have analyzed the Petralona remains say that the cranium of the Archanthropus of Petralona belongs to an archaic hominid distinguished from Homo erectus, and from both the classic Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans, but showing characterists of all those species and presenting strong European traits. A skull dating back 700,000 which is either Homo sapien or part Homo sapien is in direct conflict with the Out of Africa theory of human evolution.
Further excavations continued in the cave of Petralona with the participation of international researchers (46 specialists from 12 separate countries), which provided further proof of Dr Poulianos' claims, including remarkable findings like fossilized pieces of wood, an oak leaf, animal hair and coprolites, which enabled accurate dating, as well as the almost continuous presence of stone and bone tools of the Archanthropus evolutionary stage, from the lower (750,000 years) to the upper (550,000 years) layers of sediment within the cave.
The research, after an interruption due to the dictatorship in Greece, continued up to 1983. It was then ordered by the government that all excavations at the site were forbidden to anyone, including the original archaeological team, and for 15 years nobody had access to the site or to the findings – no reason was provided by the government. Was this denial of access to prevent the extraction of whatever new scientific conclusions remained hidden within the incredible fossils embedded within the layers of the caves' walls?
After the Anthropological Society of Greece took the case to the courts, 15 years later they were again allowed access to the cave. Since then the Ministry of Culture is trying in any way to overcome the Courts decision and further trials proceed
Post your valuable comments
An unspecified number of Canadian households did not fill out their census last spring and summer, in spite of an overall response rate of 98.4 per cent.
Statistics Canada is expected to release the first round of census results on Wednesday morning. The initial data will be limited to population count and density.
READ MORE: National Household Survey missed people on social assistance.
But as the agency gets ready to roll out the numbers, it has confirmed that there were people who could not be reached or outright refused to fill out the census as required by law.
“While Statistics Canada made every effort to encourage respondents to complete their census, there are households that did not complete a questionnaire (i.e. away during the census period, no contact was made with the household after many attempts or a refusal),” confirmed Statistics Canada spokesperson Marie-Pier Isabel in an email.
“It is too early to know how many cases may be referred to the Public Prosecution Service of Canada.”
READ MORE: Who filled out Statscan's National Household Survey?
Any cases that do end up in court should start moving ahead by “late winter,” according to the agency.
The number of Canadians who refuse to fill out their forms is normally very low. But anyone who won't fill it out faces a fine of up to $500, or up to three months in jail.
These cases can make headlines, depending on the circumstances. During the 2011 census, for instance, 89-year-old Ontario resident Audrey Tobias said they would not fill out the questionnaire because an information technology contract linked to it had been awarded to an American company, Lockheed Martin.
Tobias was charged with violating the Statistics Act, but eventually acquitted.
READ MORE: Former Statistics Canada boss explains why they quit their job
The overall response rate for the 2016 questionnaire was 98.4 per cent and the response rate for the long-form census, delivered to one in every four households, was 97.8 per cent.
Those numbers may be updated slightly on Wednesday, said Isabel.
How has Canada's population changed? Is your city growing or shrinking? How dense is your neighbourhood? Check back on Wednesday, when Global News will have full coverage of the first round of census data.
Census release dates
Feb. 8, 2017: Population and dwelling counts
May 3, 2017: Age and sex, type of dwelling
Aug. 2, 2017: Families, households and marital status, language
Sept. 13, 2017: Income
Oct. 25, 2017: Immigration and ethnocultural diversity, housing, Aboriginal Peoples
Nov. 29, 2017: Education, labour, mobility and migration
Moissan also claimed to have isolated boron. They too are wrong, although they did do better: a compound with 90 percent boron.
Not until 1909 was a sample of 99 percent pure boron produced.
Just as pure carbon can come as diamond or graphite, boron comes in multiple forms — as many as 16 have been reported. But even tiny amounts of impurities can alter the structure, and it seems that the element has only four pure forms, Dr. Oganov said.
One, known as alpha boron, is a dark but transparent red. Beta boron is black and looks like coal. Even today, scientists do not definitively know which of these two forms is the stable form. (It is probably beta boron.) The third form is a horrendously complicated structure known as T-192. The fourth form is the newly discovered one.
Boron's unusual properties come from the three electrons in its outer electronic layer. For similar elements like aluminum, one row down on the periodic table, the three outer electrons are easily torn away, and the element behaves as a metal. But boron is smaller, and so its nucleus holds on to the electrons tighter, more like an insulator.
Photo
“Boron is a truly schizophrenic element,” Dr. Oganov said. “It's an element of complete frustration. It doesn't know what it wants to do. The outcome is something horribly complicated.”
Two of the collaborators on the Nature paper, Jiuhua Chen of Florida International University and Vladimir L. Solozhenko of the National Council for Scientific Research in France, independently produced the new boron phase in high-temperature, high-pressure experiments in 2004. But they were not able to deduce what exactly they had produced.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For that, they turned to Dr. Oganov, who employed a computational technique that encodes parameters of the crystal structure in a string of data. Starting with a number of trial crystal structures, the program calculates the energy needed to hold each together, and discards the versions that do not pack together comfortably. Then, as occurs in biological evolution, the crystal parameters are tweaked (the equivalent of mutation) and portions of the structure swapped (the equivalent of recombination). After generations of calculation, the answer converges on the stable form.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This algorithm had previously revealed new phases of iron sulfide, calcium carbonate, sulfur and even a superconducting form of oxygen, subsequently confirmed by experiment.
The form of boron is stable at super-high pressures — more than 100,000 times the normal atmospheric pressure of 14.7 pounds per square inch — and consists of two substructures. One is a spherical shape of 12 boron atoms. The other is a dumbbell shape of a pair of boron atoms. These two sub-substructures stack together in the same way that table salt (sodium chloride) does.
When the high pressures were eased, the boron remained in the new configuration. Subsequent experiments confirmed that the material had the properties predicted by the algorithm. Although gamma boron is not quite as hard as diamond, it is more heat-resistant, which could make it attractive for certain industrial uses.
Trade Deadline madness is in full swing and the next time we speak, all of the shaking and moving will have taken place. It's not the worst idea to jump ahead of the curve and make a short-term stash of key prospects and free-agents-to-be who could find themselves in more favorable conditions shortly. I try not to repeat names for too many weeks in a row, but please pick up Patrick Corbin (34% owned) if he's available, because all he's done is continued to be amazing.
For our purposes, we're going to use Yahoo ownership levels and try to cut things off around 35%.
Here are my starting pitcher waiver wire targets for Week 17.
All you early birds can get a full-season MLB Premium Pass. Our Draft Kit, In-Season tools and over 200 days of Premium DFS. Sign Up Now!
Starting Pitcher Waiver Wire Targets
Trevor Cahill - (KC, SP/RP): 30% owned
I realize that Cahill was blown up in their last start on July 21 (3 2/3 innings, five earned runs) and now has a 3.69 ERA and 1.34 WHIP on the season before a trade to the Royals shipped them out of the pitcher-friendly National League. Of course, the Royals defense and run support should still be greater than San Diego's, so it's not a huge loss here. With a 3.39 FIP, 3.34 xFIP and 3.61 SIERA being supported by a 10.62 K/9, he's still worth owning in all 12-team formats even if they aren't some matchup-proof arm. They can't all be heroes.
Brent Suter - (MIL, SP/RP): 22% owned
After stumbling in an abbreviated 4 2/3-inning start on July 17 against the Pirates, Suter rebounded with a solid showing against the Phillies (I know). They walked none and allowed five hits over six innings, with the only damage coming on a solo homer. The lefty owns a 1.96 ERA and a 20-to-4 strikeout-to-walk ratio over their four July starts (23 IP), with a stable 2.49 FIP underneath the hood. They draw the defending champions in a home start on July 28 next.
German Marquez - (COL, SP): 18% owned
Marquez has struck out nine in back-to-back starts to give them 72 K's in 74 IPs and has also tossed three quality starts in a row with only four combined walks over their last 20 2/3 IP. The Rockies have enjoyed plenty of help from their young arms this season, but it's usually come with lots of roller-coaster action along the way. Marquez is now 8-2 with a 3.53 ERA over their last 13 starts now and as I've laid out, has only gotten better as the season has progressed. He'll be tested against a tough Nationals lineup on the road in their next start on July 28.
Hyun-Jin Ryu - (LAD, SP): 13% owned
Making their first start in nearly a month on July 24, Ryu gave up two runs over five innings against the Twins as they shook off the DL rust. The southpaw has struck out nearly a batter per inning (8.58 K/9), but their 1.74 HR/9 and .321 BABIP have made life difficult when batters do manage to square up the ball. For what it's worth, their last two months of play have seen them post an improved 3.67 ERA that certainly plays up just fine considering they have the Dodgers' run support in their sails for their next start on July 30 against the Giants.
Parker Bridwell - (LAA, SP/RP): 9% owned
Bridwell's last 30 days have seen them collect three wins with a 3.09 ERA and 1.22 WHIP over 32 solid frames, and while their 22 K's in that timeframe isn't winning any championships on its own, the overall upward trend is enticing. Their 4.86 FIP and 4.60 xFIP over that span (rightfully) dislike that 91.8 percent strand rate, but their 1.69 BB/9 over the last month should buoy their value even if they post a 3.75 ERA the rest of the way. He'll take on the Blue Jays in Toronto next on July 29.
Brent Honeywell - (TB, SP): 9% owned
While Honeywell's overall 4.23 ERA/1.39 WHIP combo through 89 1/3 innings at Triple-A isn't all that enticing, their 11.59 K/9 is electric and he's allowed only two runs over their last three starts. Their most recent turn saw them strike out 11 batters in just five innings of work. With Tampa Bay creeping toward playoff contention, there's little reason for them to keep Mr. Brent in the Minors.
Luke Weaver - (STL, SP): 6% owned
According to the Cardinals' broadcasters, Weaver will be called up for one turn in the big-league rotation with Adam Wainwright on the disabled list. The prospect was scratched from their start on Tuesday night and carries a 9-1 record alongside a 1.91 ERA and 0.94 WHIP through 13 Triple-A starts (66 innings). The juice is worth the squeeze.
Rafael Montero - (NYM, SP/RP): 2% owned
While Montero misses a nice four-game series against the Padres, he's posted two quality starts in a row and now possesses a 3.34 ERA (3.30 FIP) since rejoining the team on June 15. While three of their seven appearances have come out of the bullpen, he's shown some additional bite on their pitches and has also walked only nine in that 32 1/3-inning window (2.51 BB/9). He'll kick of the Mets' series against the Mariners in Seattle on July 28 and look to deliver another QS for those in deep formats.
Lucas Sims - (ATL, SP): 1% owned
Sims' name has been floated around as a strong possibility to take the vacated spot in Atlanta's rotation now that Jaime Garcia has been traded. Aaron Blair will get the first turn, but that guy posted a 7.59 ERA in the Majors last season and holds an uninspiring 4.86 ERA and 1.48 WHIP with a 7.03 K/9 at Triple-A so far in '17. Meanwhile, Sims seems to have finally conquered their control demons with a respectable 2.69 BB/9 thus far in 110 1/3 IP (6.66 BB/9 in '16 through 50 IPs at Triple-A) without giving away any of their precious whiffs (10.11 K/9). Fantasy owners should be excited to see Sims get a real crack at it. They threw 141 innings last season, so they should have plenty of fuel left in the tank here.
More Waivers Wire Pickups and Adds
Premium Tools & DFS Research
Get a free trial of our powerful MLB Premium Tools. Our famous DFS Optimizer & Lineup Generator, daily Matchup Ratings, expert DFS Lineups/Cheat Sheets, and more.
Sign Up Now!
The shotgun wedding between Donald Trump and the National Rifle Association has been rocky, but the gun rights group is standing by its man.
Just hours after Donald Trump sparked yet another controversy with remarks that seemed, to some, to encourage violence against Hillary Clinton, the NRA went public with its biggest gift yet to the Republican nominee - a $3 million ad buy attacking Clinton as a hypocrite.
Story Continued Below
The spot – which calls Clinton “out of touch” for living under Secret Service protection while promoting gun restrictions – is the biggest single ad buy for Trump this cycle and it brings the NRA's total spending this cycle to around $6 million.
No other major political group is spending money on the Republican nominee. Quite the contrary, the ad buy comes as Trump's campaign struggles to stem defections as it watches some of the GOP's most reliable supporters, donors, and elected officials abandon their nominee in response to Trump's rhetoric and conduct on the campaign trail.
But for the NRA, support for Trump reflects a calculation inside the gun-rights community that is less about the Republican and more about stopping Clinton's march to the White House. With Supreme Court appointments to be made, the NRA has chosen to go all-in on what it sees as a wild card over the certain antagonist.
But getting gun-rights activists to fall in line behind the Manhattan real estate mogul hasn't been easy, and Trump's comments on Tuesday created a new complication.
“Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment,” Trump said at a rally. “By the way, and if they get to pick them judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day.”
Politicians across the spectrum expressed dismay while Clinton and their allies heard a threat on their life – a message that runs counter to the NRA's commitment to law-abiding gun ownership.
The NRA jumped to Trump's defense.
“.@realDonaldTrump is right. If @HillaryClinton gets to pick their anti-#2A #SCOTUS judges, there's nothing we can do,” the group tweeted. “But there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillary.”
That message echoed the Trump team's explanation; they were referring, the campaign said, to the intense commitment of gun-rights activists, whom the NRA has mobilized to defeat opponents of its agenda for decades.
But some influential members of the NRA community felt otherwise, at least at first.
The NRA's lobbying division is a major advertiser on Bearing Arms, a gun news website, and its editor, Bob Owens, has been critical of Trump. They backed the group's decision to endorse Trump in May, citing the threat from Clinton. On Tuesday, however, they tweeted that Trump's words were “neither nuanced nor clever” but “a threat of violence. As a REAL supporter of the #2A it's appalling to me.”
Not long after a reporter asked the NRA about their tweet, they deleted that post, and wrote an editorial titled, “No, Donald Trump Did Not Just Suggest Hillary Clinton Should Be Assassinated.” They did not respond to emails asking what prompted their more forgiving interpretation.
"The gun lobby is coming to Donald Trump's defense and spending millions of dollars to spread lies about Hillary Clinton because they know Trump will always do their bidding,” said Clinton spokesperson Josh Schwerin. "The fact is, too many families in America have suffered—and continue to suffer— from gun violence and the vast majority of the American people – including the vast majority of gun owners – believe we can and must do better,” they added, citing Clinton's support for measures like expanding background checks.
"This is yet another example of how the NRA is not the hunting and sporting organization of our grandfather's generation -- rather they are showing their true colors as the craven lobby of gun manufacturers,” said Erika Soto Lamb, communications director for Everytown for Gun Safety USA, a gun-control group backed by Michael Bloomberg.
"The NRA does not represent the interests of the vast majority of responsible gun owners who know that the Second Amendment should never be used as a threat or to incite violence."
Getting its 5 million members on board has been a months-long struggle for the NRA.
Some members grumbled about the decision to back a candidate who once supported an assault weapons ban and criticized politicians who “walk the NRA line and refuse even limited restrictions,” as they did in a 2000 book.
But the NRA forged ties to Trump's sons, who group officials say are knowledgeable and committed hunters. Through them, the NRA's leadership has come to trust Trump.
During the 2016 election cycle, Trump has consistently vowed to protect gun rights – though they and the NRA have not always been on the same page. Trump has embraced the NRA's adage that the only way to stop a “bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun,” and after the massacre of 49 people at Orlando's Pulse nightclub in June, Trump suggested that having armed people at the bar could reduce bloodshed. The NRA's chief strategist Chris Cox rejected the idea of arming people who are drinking, saying it “defies commonsense” and the law.
And a few days earlier, Trump tried to create distance with the NRA over a proposal to ban people on a terror watch list from buying guns, tweeting that they would “meet with the NRA” about it. That put the NRA – which supported a different measure that would let the government delay a sale and block it after showing evidence of terrorist involvement – on the defensive. Cox made the rounds to insist that any perceived disagreement with Trump was a media creation.
So too, the NRA says, was any implication of violence in Trump's comments on Tuesday, as its Twitter account highlighted a largely ignored comment by then-Sen. Joe Biden from the 2008 campaign to accuse the media of a double standard. (Biden, in a bid to reassure voters about the Democratic candidate's commitment to gun rights, said that if then-Sen. Barack Obama “tries to fool with my Beretta, he's got a problem.”
The NRA also embraced Trump's comments as a way to remind their supporters that the Supreme Court is at stake. Its new ad, which is running on national cable and on broadcast networks in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Nevada and North Carolina, casts Clinton as an elitist who benefits from armed government protection while aspiring to deprive regular people of their rights. That echoed Cox's message during their unprecedented primetime address at the GOP convention. The group also ran a spot to rebut Democrats' gun-violence-prevention message at their convention, accusing Clinton of hiding their anti-gun stance, In July, the group spent about $3 million on an unusual spot that didn't mention gun rights, but attacked Clinton on Benghazi.
Clinton insists they support the right of law-abiding people to own guns, but the NRA doesn't buy it. They have made tightening gun laws, including expanding background checks and instituting an assault weapons ban, a centerpiece of their campaign and the group points to their statement in a private fundraiser that the Supreme Court was “wrong on the Second Amendment” when it ruled in a 2008 decision, known as Heller, that the Bill of Rights applies to individual gun ownership.
Clinton's “clear and direct threat” to the Second Amendment, Owens wrote when the NRA endorsed Trump in May, made the choice a “no brainer,” despite anger from some members. Bearing Arms sponsored the NRA's annual political meeting in Louisville where its leadership urged members to unite behind Trump.
They added, "The fact remains that Donald Trump is the most viable option we have to defeat Hillary Clinton."
Cristiano Ronaldo spoke to English referee Martin Atkinson at half time of Real Madrid's win over Atletico Madrid to discuss whether their opening goal was offside.
The former Manchester United star scored a hat-trick in the Champions League semi-final first leg win for Real at the Bernabeu.
Ronaldo's opener led to a debate as to whether they started the phase of play in an offside position and they waited for Atkinson in the tunnel.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo waited for referee Martin Atkinson in the tunnel at half time
The striker wanted to discuss whether their opening goal in the 3-0 win over Atletico was offside
The former Manchester United star said they 'didn't interfere' with play while standing offside
CRISTIANO RONALDO -EUROPEAN RECORD Appearances (2016/17): 11 Goals: 10 Assists: 6 Minutes per goal: 102 Total European apps/goals: 151/111
Speaking in English, Ronaldo asked the referee: ‘Atkinson, offside? Did you see it?'
Atkinson replied: ‘At first you were [offside], but then you didn't…'
Ronaldo added: 'But I didn't interfere.'
It is likely that Ronaldo wanted to ensure the English officials did not think they had made a mistake with a big 45 minutes to go at the Bernabeu.
Sportsmail expert Graham Poll agreed with Atkinson that Ronaldo was onside.
Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Madrid beat Atletico Madrid in the Champions League semi-final
The 32-year-old has now scored 42 hat-tricks for Real in their eight-year stay at the La Liga club
‘Cristiano Ronaldo may have scored two offside goals in the last round of the UEFA Champions League but their effort here to give Real the lead was definitely onside,' Poll said.
‘Whilst the Portuguese player was in an offside position from the initial cross by Sergio Ramos they neither played the ball nor did they interfere with the line of vision of an opponent so, in law, is not deemed to be offside.
‘Once the ball was played in the second time, the next phase of play, they were clearly onside and scored.'
John Lindquist: Angular bootstrap can help you get around the requirement of using ngApp. If I delete this, you can see that I just get this string of curly braces and random.
What I can do is say "angular.bootstrap" and then look up the elements. I'll get element by ID, and we'll have an element called "container."
If I say this is an ID of container, then the string will go away there, and the second parameter here is actually the modules you want to pass in. If I pass in my app, which matches up with this, you can see I get the random value back.
You can actually pass in as many modules as you want in here. This is just going to return the injector that controls each of those modules.
You can see that if I actually duplicate this and have two separate apps running on the same page...We'll make this one container two and duplicate this line.
You can see that I'll have two completely separate apps running on different modules and getting different random numbers. They're not sharing the same scope or the same random.
In Africa's Danakil (or Afar) Depression three tectonic plates are tearing themselves apart in spectacular fashion. As the plates separate, several active volcanoes have emerged along the seams. One of the most active is Erta Ale , a shield volcano near the Ethiopian and Eritrean border. It is known as the “smoking mountain” and the “gateway to hell” in the Afar language.
Erta Ale has a long-lived lava lake that has gurgled and spattered in its caldera for decades, but the most recent bout of activity involves the southeast flank of the gently sloping mountain. According to reports posted by Volcano Discovery, new fissures opened up on January 21, 2017, about 7 kilometers (4 miles) from the summit caldera, spilling large amounts of lava. Meanwhile, at least one of the lava lakes has experienced large changes in the level of its lava that have led to overflows and intense spattering.
This image was captured by the Operational Land Imager (OLI) sensor on Landsat 8 on January 26, 2017. It is a composite of natural color (OLI bands 4-3-2) and shortwave infrared (OLI band 7). Shortwave infrared light (SWIR) is invisible to the naked eye, but strong SWIR signals indicate increased temperatures. Infrared hot spots representing two distinct lava flows are visible. Plumes of volcanic gases and steam drift from the lava lakes.
NASA Earth Observatory image by Joshua Stevens, using Landsat data from the U.S. Geological Survey. Caption by Adam Voiland.
EARTH CITY, Mo. -- The St. Louis Rams officially began organized team activities on Tuesday but Thursday brings with it the first session open to the media. That includes yours truly, and I'll be back later with thoughts and observations from the day's work.
Earlier this week, I looked at three main storylines to monitor as OTAs roll on: the defense's ability to take the next step to a top-10 or top-5 unit, quarterback Nick Foles' adjustment to an offense far different from the one they left in Philadelphia, and the ability of what projects to be the league's youngest offensive line to mesh before the season.
Greg Robinson, who is coming off a foot injury, is expected to continue to work during OTAs. Jeff Curry/USA TODAY Sports
Here are a few leftover things on a more micro level that I'll be watching as we get a closer look at this year's edition of the team:
In the zone -- Since hiring Frank Cignetti Jr. as offensive coordinator earlier this offseason, the Rams have dropped some hints at some tweaks to the offense. One such tweak that's expected is that they'll add more zone-blocking schemes to the mix than they've done in recent years. That doesn't necessarily mean they'll scrap some of the power schemes they've used in the past but that the Rams are looking for ways to be more versatile offensively. Namely, adding more zone offers some new ways to rev up the run game the Rams hope to have. We won't know until games start how the Rams plan to mix it up, but it's a new wrinkle for an offense that could use some.
The man in the middle -- There will be plenty of attention paid to the offensive line in the next few weeks and into training camp, but the biggest position battle on the roster comes at center. The Rams have three primary contenders to be the new starter in the middle in Tim Barnes, Barrett Jones and Demetrius Rhaney. Barnes figures to get first crack if only because of their experience (he's started four games to the others' zero), but the Rams seem to hope that Jones can finally emerge in their third season. Rhaney is more of a sleeper but don't underestimate their toughness, a quality line coach Paul Boudreau likes in a pivot.
Todd Gurley's status -- Rookie running back Todd Gurley won't be fully participating in these OTAs, but we should get a glimpse of how far along they are in their rehabilitation from a torn left ACL. At last check, Gurley was able to run but hasn't been cleared and doesn't yet have the ability to move laterally like they will need to when he's on the field. Even after OTAs, it's unlikely we'll know when Gurley will be able to play again, but we should at least have a better idea of how close they are to that end.
On the mend -- Gurley isn't the only Ram coming off injury that bears watching. Receiver Brian Quick (shoulder), guard Rodger Saffold (shoulder), tackle Greg Robinson (foot/toe) and end Chris Long (foot/ankle) are either coming off an injury that slowed them in 2014, ended their season, had offseason surgery or some combination of the three. Quick isn't likely to participate but should be far enough along to get an idea of where they are in their rehab process. Robinson, Saffold and Long are expected to be ready to go. Rookie receiver Bud Sasser still has not been cleared to practice after a medical condition kept them from passing their physical upon arrival. Their status should get clarity as soon as today.
Linebacker limbo -- With all 11 starters returning on defense, the Rams don't have much in the way of questions about what they have on that side of the ball. But there is one competition that will be worth watching over the next few months: strongside linebacker. Coach Jeff Fisher has said incumbent Jo-Lonn Dunbar and newly-signed Akeem Ayers will battle for that job. Ayers offers more pass-rush production but Dunbar is considered the better run defender. The Rams also have safety Mark Barron, who worked as a de facto third linebacker toward the end of last season. As it stands, Ayers looks like the favorite but time will determine a winner.
Upstart automaker Tesla Motors won't sell as many cars this year as Chevrolet sells in 3 days, but its early success with the all-electric Model S sedan is already keeping the competition up at night. An examination of sales data from across the U.S. and in California for the first half of 2013 paints a picture of just why that is. While Tesla delivered right around 10,000 cars through two quarters, those sales appear to be coming at the expense of BMW, Mercedes, Lexus and Porsche. And Tesla's sales are remarkably -- though perhaps not surprisingly -- concentrated in California thus far, with nearly half winding up in the Golden State. As the automaker continues to open new sales and service locations across the country while simultaneously growing its network of high-speed Supercharger stations, things are likely to get a bit worse for the imports.
The numbers at first glance don't seem quite so bad as BMW and Mercedes are both registering double-digit sales increases for 2013. But a deeper dive (thanks to GoodCarBadCar and the California New Car Dealers Association) paints a different picture. As the accompanying chart shows, five competitive vehicles are all down significantly against their 2012 sales numbers. Given that overall U.S. auto sales are up by 7.7%, and 12.5% in California, the performance of the Mercedes E-Class, the BMW 5-Series, and the Lexus GS are especially disappointing.
But it's in the BMW 7-Series and Porsche Panamera that the presence of the Model S is probably being felt most acutely. Both are performance luxury sedans capable of seating families comfortably and both are fairly commonplace in the wealthy neighborhoods of the San Francisco Bay Area. Those neighborhoods are now rife with Teslas. More than 4700 Model S registrations have been recorded in California and at least some are coming at the expense of the competition. Nationally, the Tesla has matched the total sales of the Lexus LS, Audi A8 and Panamera combined.
It's certainly true that for the moment, BMW and Mercedes are still going to sell plenty of cars. Together, their midsize sedans will have a 5:1 edge over the Tesla in 2013, and much greater if you also include the large sedans in the mix. But by the end of next year, Tesla hopes to double production and deliver as many cars outside the U.S. as it's selling here. The competition is clearly heating up.
Comparison data
In the meantime, Tesla will attempt to expand from its west coast stronghold and if other green cars are any indication, the company should continue to grow from here. Less than 30% of Toyota Prius sales nationally are in California, even though the Prius is the state's most popular vehicle. While precise data isn't available on the Nissan Leaf, a total of 5,000 non-Tesla electrics were sold in California in the first half and 9,839 Leafs were bought across the country. Given the half dozen miscellaneous EVs you can buy or lease here (the Ford Focus, Honda Fit and Toyota Rav4 all come as EVs), we can reasonably conclude that even the Leaf is seeing a smaller portion of its sales in California than the Tesla.
It's fair to note that the Tesla is expensive and there's plenty of money to buy them in Silicon Valley, Beverly Hills and La Jolla. But that said, other luxury vehicle sales are not especially overweighted toward California (it's about 23% for the E-Class for example). So while it remains likely that technology early adopters will continue to buy Teslas and those folks continue to be disproportionately out here, sales will grow faster elsewhere, likely very soon. Given how quickly Model S sedans are popping up on the streets near me, that's saying something.
A tale of two German brands
Thus far, Audi has apparently remained immune to the Tesla virus as both its larger sedans have scored significant sales increases this year. But if you look at the absolute numbers, you'll see that both are small sellers against the competition. Audi's numbers speak more to its marketing success against Mercedes, BMW and Lexus than against Tesla, it appears. And the other good news for everyone is that even with Tesla's plans to double production by the end of next year, the U.S. figures you see are about all the company is likely to be able to deliver for quite some time. The company plans on selling 21,000 vehicles this year, with most going to the U.S. By the time the production rate hits 40,000 late in 2014, it will be divided between three regions (Europe and Asia, as well as North America) and two vehicles (as the Model X SUV gets introduced at the end of next year). That should mean most competitors don't feel much more pain here than they already are.
The big loser going forward appears to be Porsche, whose Panamera has received mixed results from critics and is mostly outperformed by the less expensive Model S. To make matters worse, Porsche profits come heavily from the Cayenne. When Tesla delivers Model X, Cayenne might well be a significant casualty. The upside for Porsche is it will be entering the midsize SUV segment with its Macan (loosely based on the Audi Q5) long before the Model X arrives. And it will be probably 4 years before Tesla has a smaller SUV that competes in that segment, as that vehicle isn't due till after the company delivers its third-generation sedan, expected no sooner than late in 2016.
How much room to grow?
For Tesla, a big question has been how much the company can grow selling expensive luxury vehicles that start above $70,000 (before tax incentives). While the answer is still unclear, the concentration of sales in California on just one model of vehicle certainly implies that there is upside, perhaps even beyond the company's goal of 40,000 vehicles. As Tesla looks forward to 2015, when its cheaper vehicle is still just a prototype, it could find itself testing the limits of that demand and eclipsing the 50,000 mark, especially if sales in China, Japan and Europe prove promising. This is good news for shareholders, but also for proponents of electric vehicles generally. And with BMW bringing its own EV to market early next year, it will not only grow the EV market, it might even recoup some of the sales it's losing to Tesla.
Follow me on Twitter. Read the rest of my Forbes posts here.
​A pregnant, unarmed woman was shot during a drug raid in Spokane, Washington on Friday morning, and they remained hospitalized as investigators pieced together exactly what happened in the county's third officer-involved shooting within a month.
Spokesman-Review. A Washington State Patrol detective sergeant shot the woman, who is 39 weeks pregnant, while “serving a search warrant” at the Victoria Apartments on Lincoln Street, according to the Spokane County Sheriff's Office, reports Meghann M. Cuniff of the Spokane
The shooting is being investigated by the Sheriff's office, along with members of the Spokane Police Department and the Washington State Patrol.
Officers found no weapons in the home, confirmed Sheriff's Office spokesperson Sgt. Dave Reagan. They claimed they did, however, find drugs — crack cocaine, marijuana, and controlled prescription medications — during execution of the search warrant.
But a woman who identified themselves as the victim's mother, but who wouldn't give their name, said there were no drugs or weapons in the home.
“During the entry, a female suspect inside the apartment became non-compliant with officers' instructions,” Reagan claimed. “When they attempted to flee out a bedroom window, officers attempted to restrain them During efforts to prevent them escape, a shot was fired and the woman suffered a minor wound to their upper torso. They fell out the window and received first aid from containment officers stationed at the back of the apartments.”
CTVNews.ca Staff
An Alberta man is asking the province to take some responsibility after strong winds blasted gravel at their new SUV, causing $17,000 in damage.
Kosta Keramaris says they were driving their recently-purchased BMW along Edmonton's Anthony Henday Drive, also known as provincial Highway 216, when a windstorm began whipping up sand and rock from the ground this past weekend.
The debris pelted their new vehicle with such strength that Keramaris said it was difficult to hear their son speaking over the noise of gravel hitting the vehicle's exterior.
"It was loud," they told CTV Edmonton. "It basically drowned out my son's voice and our talking."
When the wind died down and they had a chance to assess the situation, Keramaris found the exterior of their vehicle badly damaged.
"It's not even chips on the finish. It's chips on the paint itself," they said, running a hand along the front of the car and ducking down to inspect the wheels. "The rocks are that strong that it can chip away the paint on your (wheel) rims, right? That's a pretty good blast of wind."
The car owner contacted a body shop and they responded with a hefty quote: $17,192.63.
Now, he's hoping the province will take some sort of responsibility for the repairs.
Keramaris says they believe the gravel that chipped at their new car should never have been on the road in the first place.
"We haven't had any snow. Whatever snow was on the ground has been melted away. Whatever you can see on the roads now is just basically mountains of rock," they said. "It's their (the province's) responsibility to clean it."
Keramaris said the Transportation Department told them they can file a claim for the province to evaluate.
And in the meantime, the sand on the road is not going anywhere soon.
The department said spring clean-up only happens when crews can be sure the province isn't in for more snow, and that time might not come until April.
With files from CTV Edmonton
Castro lets you track lots of podcasts at once without getting overwhelmed.
Here's how it works:
Newly published episodes land in the Inbox. Read the descriptions, queue the good ones and archive the rest. The Queue is a central playlist where you organize your next few hours of listening. Queued episodes are automatically downloaded. Press Play. Castro plays your queue in order from top to bottom. Reorder or archive queued episodes anytime. In the Archive you can find the back catalogue of all shows you subscribe to, browse your listening history, and easily access your starred episodes.
This triage flow lets you expand your listening habits without getting overwhelmed. With Castro, subscribing to a podcast doesn't mean making a commitment to listen to every episode. You don't have to choose a few shows and miss out on the rest.
If there's one game in Sony's stable that could single-handedly improve the fortunes of the ailing PlayStation Vita, then it's Gran Turismo. The flagship simulation racer continues to be the platform holder's best-seller by far, and, as such, a second handheld entry would make perfect sense.
It could be on the cards too, if a Sony customer survey is to be believed. IGN managed to get hold of a questionnaire which quizzes consumers on whether they'd be interested in a Gran Turismo title for Vita. The wording of the survey is not clear, but it seems to hint at a port of 2010's Gran Turismo 5, rather than a brand-new entry.
Another section of the questionnaire tackles the subject of PlayStation Plus. The survey states: “Imagine that as part of PlayStation Plus, every time you bought a game on either PS3 or PS Vita, you would be entitled to get the game on the other console absolutely free. How appealing is this to you?” Sounds like a no-brainer to us.
Of course, this is just a survey, so it's not a confirmation of any future announcements just yet. Let us know what you think in the comments.
Mitt Romney and Barack Obama face off in 2012.
If you don't care whether Republicans win, care that Democrats lose.
For conservatives, the story of the Obama years has been the depressing spectacle of Republicans fighting a rearguard action covering their retreat from a Democratic agenda backed by superior numbers. Republicans began the Obama administration with effectively no leverage: Barack Obama in the White House, Nancy Pelosi in the speaker's chair, and Harry Reid running the Senate. The outcome of that was the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, the worst domestic defeat for the cause of limited government in a generation. The 2010 congressional elections gave Republicans some relief in the form of a House majority empowered to contain the worst fiscal and policy inclinations of the Obama administration and its congressional allies, and the blessed Republican obstructionists in the Senate have kept a few very bad apples out of high office, but a House majority alone is a poor foundation for advancing conservative policies or reversing the Left's advances. John Boehner and Mitch McConnell have felt the wrath of the Right for spending too much time playing defense, but voters — including conservative voters — left them with little opportunity to do much of anything else.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Republicans now have the opportunity to effectively bring the Obama administration's legislative program to an early end this November by eliminating the Democrats' majority in the Senate, which would also give them a much stronger hand in keeping the worst of their appointees out of office, safely quarantined in whatever dank recesses of academia currently housing them. And while one should never underestimate the Republicans' ability to blunder their way into missing a political opportunity or the fickleness of our bread-and-circuses electorate, there is a very good chance that that will happen. (Knock wood, salt over the shoulder — pick your own prophylactic.) But conservatives all too often seem to have failed to learn the lesson of the heavy losses we have suffered during the Obama years: The differences among us are minor compared with the differences between us and them, which are fundamental.
Advertisement
#ad#Conservatives had an opportunity to put the Obama administration not to an effective end but a literal one in 2012, but we blew it. Mitt Romney improved on John McCain's vote total (barely), fared better in every battleground state save Ohio, and even won independents. The election in the end was decided by 334,000 votes in Florida, Ohio, Virginia, and New Hampshire. Even with Barack Obama's edge among newly registered minority voters and an unusually high turnout among overwhelmingly Democratic black voters, only 57.5 percent of eligible voters actually showed up. That left a lot of room for conservatives to make a difference. But we did not take the opportunity.
The three most important words in politics are: “Compared with what?” And I am more than a little sympathetic to conservatives' complaints about the failures of elected Republicans in Washington, who consistently disappoint us even when they are in the majority. I am also sympathetic to the view that our situation may have deteriorated to the point that even a unified Republican government under the leadership of principled conservatives may not be enough to turn things around. And though I reject the notion that Mitt Romney wasn't good enough for true-believing conservatives, let's say, arguendo, that that was the case. Unless you are ready to give up entirely on the notion of advancing conservative principles through the ballot box, you might consider looking at things this way: Even if you do not think that it matters much whether Republicans win, it matters a great deal that Democrats lose.
Advertisement
Maybe you were not that excited that 2012 gave you a choice between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama. I sympathize — I liked Rick Perry. But how is President Romney vs. President Obama a hard choice? How is Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vs. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid a hard choice? How is Speaker of the House John Boehner vs. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi a hard choice?
Advertisement
It isn't.
Advertisement
Even if you think that Romney is a squishy RINO Massachusetts technocrat with a secret crush on Obamacare, you have to be on the wrong side of the border between ideologically hardcore and ideologically blinded to conclude that spending four years fighting against the very worst imaginable tendencies of a Romney administration would have been anything other than wine and roses compared with spending four years fighting against the very worst tendencies of an Obama administration, especially when the president is in the position of never having to face another election.
You can tell yourself a just-so story about how the guy you liked who couldn't beat Romney in the GOP primary would have beaten the mom jeans off of Obama in the general, and maybe you're right, but it didn't happen that way. (And maybe you don't like that the so-called establishment supported Romney. Guess what? You can support candidates, too!) Likewise, if all the senators that conservatives admire weren't already running for president, one of them might make a majority leader that you'd prefer to McConnell. And Paul Ryan probably would be a more inspiring speaker than Boehner is. Fine, fine, and fine. But that isn't where we were, and it isn't where we are.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The question wasn't “Mitt Romney — yes or no?” It was: “Mitt Romney — compared with what?”
Advertisement
Compared with this.
#page#The Obama administration has handed conservatives — and, more important, the country — disaster after disaster. Rather than scaling back the most worrisome aspects of the surveillance state and the so-called War on Terror, President Obama has expanded on them. Taxes are up, health insurance is a chaotic mess subject to ad hoc revision every time Democratic political necessities demand it, our allies are dispirited, our enemies emboldened, our religious liberties under attack by the very government entrusted with defending them, our economy anemic, with too many of our people unemployed and those who are employed earning too little.
#ad#I am not naïve enough to believe that having elected Mitt Romney president or consigning the Democrats to the minority in both houses of Congress would change all that. But unless you are ready to give up on electoral politics entirely — and I confess to wavering on that question with a bias toward despair — then it is a matter of deciding whether X is preferable to Y. And sometimes that is a pretty easy call. Contemplating the inevitable shortcomings of elected Republicans, conservatives may consider the situation and think: “The lesser of two evils is still evil.” And it is. But it's also lesser. And if that's the choice we have, it may be unpalatable — but it is a choice that we have to make. I liked the Cthulhu 2012 slogan — “Why Vote for a Lesser Evil?” — but that's a joke, not a program. The reason to vote for a lesser evil is because we're responsible adults who don't want the greater evil to prevail.
If this seems inconsistent with more than a little of what I have written before, I suppose a personal note is in order. I left the Republican party because I didn't want to be part of any organization that would have Arlen Specter as a member, and because I was appalled at the fiscal incontinence of the Bush years. And I've very much enjoyed being able to tell people that I'm not a Republican. (Some days more than others, as you might imagine.) That being said, I am coming around to the view that I'd rather be disappointed by Republicans who periodically fail live up to their principles than have my country pillaged and hobbled by Democrats who consistently live up to theirs. I admire the Tea Party and organizations such as the Club for Growth for being willing to do the hard work of trying to ensure that the Republican party serves the interests of principled conservatism, not the other way around, because the only real available channel of reform for conservatives who don't like the Republican establishment is to become the establishment. I don't know where to find a Republican registration card in New York City, but, moral and intellectual vanity be damned, I think it may be time for me to get a new one. It's not a matter of white hats vs. black hats, but of competing visions about how the country should be governed. There are some honorable and intelligent people in the progressive camp, but the final outcome of allowing them to hold power is to make the country and the world worse off — unnecessarily poorer, weaker, and more vulnerable. Former union president Ronald Reagan talked about “a time for choosing,” while Harlan County union organizers a generation before them demanded to know: “Which Side Are You On?”
Advertisement
And that isn't a hard decision.
Advertisement
Correction: The original version of this piece contained an error in which I bone-headedly compared actual 2009 spending to estimated 2013 spending, rather than actual 2013 spending. Actual spending went down a bit in 2010, up in 2011, up in 2012, and down in 2013. I regret the error, and God bless the sequester.
— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent for National Review.
For a martial art that literally means “gentle way”, some of the techniques aren't all that gentle. Since it's humble beginnings in Japan around 1882, the sport has gathered a lot of international attention.
The competitive nature of Judo along with it's high-impact throws and takedowns make it a fun sport to watch, which is probably why it's an official Olympic sport. The popularity of judo throughout the ages has also made it the perfect foundation for other martial arts to grow from, such as sambo and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
While we acknowledge that there is a lot more to judo than just throws – pins, chokes and joint locks for example – we want to focus on the throwing element. Even by limiting our scope to throws, there are still at least 67 of them, which is why we're going to pick our favorite 12 for this particular list.
Without any further adue, here are 12 throws you can use to sweep your opponent off their feet, and if they aren't that effective – you could always try and buy them some flowers, whatever works!
1. Leg Wheel – Ashi Guruma
If there's only one judo throw you're going to recognise, it's this one. The leg wheel is probably one of the first things you'll learn when you take up the martial art, apart from maybe how to fall properly – a surprisingly useful technique!
This technique is easy to learn and even if you're not a martial arts practitioner, it wouldn't hurt to learn this technique for a time when you might need to throw someone down before running like a madman.
2. High Lift And Separate – Daki Wakare
This technique is a useful one to use if your opponent tries to throw a leg wheel and ends up facing away from you. With your arms around their waist, you can then use their mistake against them.
Ideally though, it's best when your opponent in on their knees on the floor and you to throw them into a weaker position where you can for the pin or submission. You can even run into this one which is pretty cool – granted you won't be given this opportunity if you're against someone with any kind of training.
3. Forward Foot Sweep – Deashi Harai
This judo throw is great, as you'll see from the video it requires very little exertion of energy or movement to pull off. You just hook the foot and take away your opponents center of gravity completely. It can be so quick you opponent won't know what happened half the time.
4. Spring Hip Throw – Hane Goshi
Another fundamental move found in judo. A lot of people try to pull this move off by turning into their opponent and twisting their upper body to generate power. This normally just results in your opponent looking confused while you try and grind your backside into them – or muscle strains depending on how hard you try.
The power comes from pushing the hips up and pulling your opponent off the ground enough to make the throw easy, watch and behold!
5. Sweeping Wraparound – Harai Makikomi
This is a nice variation on the spring hip throw – or at least it starts off in a very similar way – using the weight of your body to pull down on the opponents arm and bring them to the floor.
Maybe you've only got one trick in your book, which happens to be the spring hip throw. If that's the case, learning this could give you a way to surprise people in competitions, and give you less chance of being countered every time.
6. Pulling-In Reversal – Hikikomi Gaeshi
This is the first of our “self-sacrifice techniques, meaning you're going to let yourself fall or be pulled in a certain direction to execute this move. For the pulling-in reversal you go to your back, throwing you opponent over you.
From the starting position you can probably tell this would be useful if someone tries to go for a two-handed takedown on you but gets stuck. It puts you in the perfect position to grab their belt and take the high position on the ground, nearly always the place you want to be.
7. Shoulder Wheel – Kata Guruma
The shoulder wheel is the perfect throw for using someones momentum against them. If you're faced with someone running at you and you're able to think quick enough, this technique will put them down with very little effort on your part.
Just to show you a few of these techniques in competitions, here's a compilation video of shoulder wheel action. Bear in mind that some of them can only just be called shoulder wheels due to how they're executed, but there are plenty of clean executions in there as well.
8. Belt Drop – Obi Otoshi
The belt drop isn't a very flamboyant move, but then again you're trying to be effective, not impressive. In the off-chance you ever end up in a street situation that requires putting someone to the floor, it's nice to know most people these days wear belts.
You could only be really unlucky if end up in a scuffle with some scruffy fellow who's never found the need for a belt, in which case, start racking your brains for an alternative.
9. Lifting Pulling Ankle Block – Sasae Tsurikomi Ashi
If this move isn't hard enough to say, you won't be too thrilled to hear that it's also relatively difficult to pull of as well. Trapping someone's ankle with your foot while in a competition situation is a lot like trying to thread the eye of a needle, but if you can manage it, then pull off the rest of the move, you'll certainly get a lot of praise from all your friends watching.
10.Valley Drop – Tani Otoshi
This is an excellent counter for any technique used against you that throws the hip into the move. If you can see/feel it coming and you have the reaction times, dropping your body and leaning into the opponent with a carefully placed leg will do the trick. You'll know you've done it right when your opponent and the floor seem to be much better friends than they were a few seconds earlier.
11. Rice Bale Reversal – Tawara Gaeshi
This is another self-sacrifice technique that carries over really well to MMA, which is why this video is taught by an MMA instructor and not a judo master, apologies to the purists.
If you get hit with a double-leg takedown, or are just about to get hit with a double-leg takedown, this is the move you want to try and throw. A lot like the pulling-in reversal, this technique is slightly more versatile because you don't need a place to grab like someone's gi or belt. Just give them a big hug around the waste and make them regret the takedown attempt!
12. Swallow's Flight Reversal – Tsubame Gaeshi
This judo throw requires perfect timing and should probably isn't going to become your new favorite move, but what would a list be without one super-difficult but impressive item to keep your working hard at your craft.
As with most of the best techniques, it's harder than it looks.
That about covers it, in our opinion, some of the best judo throws and reversals the martial art has to offer. Tell us which one was your favorite, or maybe even tell us about another favorite technique that wasn't on the list.
Either way, get involved, leaves a comment or share the list with your friends so we know you care.
The Russian Orthodox church has sacked one of its most high-profile priests, an ultra-conservative who had called for the church to play a stronger and more independent role in public life.
Father Vsevolod Chaplin, who, since 2009, had been head of the church's department for cooperation with society, was relieved of their duties on Thursday. Chaplin had called for the church and the Russian government to take a more active role in east Ukraine, and recently referred to the Russian military intervention in Syria as a holy war. However, they had criticised the current Russian political elite for corruption.
“Everything started a year ago, as I disagreed in principle with our Ukraine position. We should have not waited but worked to make sure our authorities heard the voices of people who think themselves Russian,” Chaplin told the newspaper RBK on Friday. Chaplin said Russia's current political leaders were an “immoral elite who are stopping the country from developing”.
Under Vladimir Putin , the Russian Orthodox Church has enjoyed a renaissance in power and authority, but essentially functions as an arm of the state. Patriarch Kirill has been present at planning meetings for Russia's military operations in Syria and enjoys a warm relationship with the Russian president.
Church leaders have often made conservative statements. The patriarch has said feminism is “very dangerous” and could destroy Russia, while Chaplin themselves complained in 2011 that women who wore miniskirts and got drunk should not be surprised if they are raped. “A woman who is barely dressed or made up like a clown will certainly not find a man as a partner in life with an ounce of sense or self-respect,” Chaplin said.
Cat calendar featuring Russian orthodox priests goes viral Bearded clerics make rare foray into pop culture to pose with their pets for a glossy 2016 calendar Read more
The church has come in for criticism over allegations of corruption and the extravagant lifestyles of its top leaders. In 2012, an expensive Breguet watch worn by Kirill was airbrushed out of a photograph before it was released on the church's official site. Unfortunately, the patriarch's press service had omitted to airbrush the reflection of the watch, which could be seen clearly in the table.
Chaplin themselves attracted many comments in the Russian blogosphere earlier this month, when they were photographed eating a McDonald's burger on the day of an Orthodox fast, during which believers are meant to abstain from meat. Chaplin claimed they had been eating a vegetarian burger.
Chaplin said on Friday that they did not think the patriarch would last much longer, but observers said Chaplin's calls for dissent were unlikely to draw wide support among church leaders.
Just one short blog post while waiting for the Mainstreet post-debate poll.
I went to Google Trends to see which leader generated more searches. This is the result :
(Note: I did an exact term search instead of a topic search because this method doesn't work for John Horgan. Results were similar when I tried to do a topic search for Clark and Weaver).
Update: the graph above is directly updated by Google, so the numbers by the time you'll look at them might be different than when I posted them; So here is a print screen of what it looked like after the debate:
(Note: I did an exact term search instead of a topic search because this method doesn't work for John Horgan. Results were similar when I tried to do a topic search for Clark and Weaver).Update: the graph above is directly updated by Google, so the numbers by the time you'll look at them might be different than when I posted them; So here is a print screen of what it looked like after the debate:
Weaver has been behind the other two ever since the election started, so it's pretty significant for them to be ahead of Horgan - they were even tied with Clark right after the debate.
We'll wait and see if this matches with what Mainstreet will find. But based on Google Trends and keeping in mind the relative levels of support for each party (and the fact that Christy Clark just always generates more searches), it looks pretty good for Andrew Weaver.
And you, what did you think? Leave a comment and/or answer the non-scientific poll below:
Who do you think won the BC debate?
Christy Clark from the BC Liberals John Horgan from the BC NDP Andrew Weaver from the BC Green Nobody won Poll Maker And you, what did you think? Leave a comment and/or answer the non-scientific poll below:
Share this
Although the rumors swirling around Frank Wren's job security have been present for a while now, Mark Bowman's article this afternoon suggests that the floodgates to major change may be opening, and opening soon.
The #Braves might not wait until the end of the season to make organizational changes http://t.co/dyrtZcBunv — Mark Bowman (@mlbbowman) September 21, 2014
Bowman doesn't take long to cut to the chase--it sounds as if we could be seeing Wren fired before the Braves' current homestand ends.
As the Braves have collapsed over the past few weeks, there has been growing reason to wonder about the futures of general manager Frank Wren and manager Fredi Gonzalez. The club has not dismissed a general manager or manager since 1990. But this could change within the next few days. If the Braves opt to part ways with Wren, they will likely utilize assistant general manager John Coppolella as an interim general manager until hiring a permanent replacement.
Coppolella has been a long-time assistant GM under Wren, whose sabermetric acumen and strong eye for undervalued players has been noted for a long time in the baseball community. He's been mentioned as a top candidate for other GM jobs, but has remained with the Braves despite strong interest from other organizations. So, to me, I'd love to see Coppolella promoted to Wren's current job if the Braves decide to part ways with him, but we just can't have it happen that way, can we?
Bowman continues:
The most intriguing candidate appears to be Royals general manager Dayton Moore, who learned their craft while working for Braves president John Schuerholz from 1996-2006. Schuerholz was the club's GM throughout that span. Moore has two years remaining on their contract and they have further endeared themselves to Kansas City's ownership by taking the Royals to the brink of a postseason berth this year. But there would certainly be many members of the Braves organization pulling for the chance to work for Moore, whose people skills have been likened to those possessed by Schuerholz.
Ah, yes. It appears that Schuerholz and the Braves' brass are targeting the elusive "people skills" in their search for a new GM. Dayton Moore took over the Royals' GM job in June of 2006. The Royals finished with a record above .500 for the first time in their tenure last season, and the Royals appear to be likely to make the playoffs as a Wild Card team this season.
Moore's tenure as Kansas City's GM has been marked by uncompetitive teams and generally frustrating, underperforming players. So, on the surface, this move and line of thinking doesn't appear to make much sense. But wait, there's more!
Gonzalez has taken responsibility for the struggles the Braves have encountered during this disappointing season. But there seems to be a good chance they will be allowed a chance to remain in their role for one more season with an altered coaching staff. The club's offensive struggles have jeopardized the futures of hitting coach Greg Walker and assistant hitting coach Scott Fletcher.
So, it seems like the powers that be in the Braves organization are currently following this line of thinking: get rid of a GM because they don't have good "people" skills and hire a guy whose tenure as a GM has mostly been an abject failure, and retain a manager whose team has quit on him, whose lineup decisions are mostly baffling, and whose in-game strategy is usually questionable at best. I'm glad that the Braves appear to be committed to sticking to a formula that was thought to win games back in the Stone Age.
The "Braves Way" of the '90's worked largely because the Braves had really, really good players like John Smoltz, Tom Glavine, Greg Maddux, Chipper and Andruw Jones, etc. It seems extremely foolish to hire Moore because John Schuerholz knows them and likes their ability to talk to people.
But hey, what do I know?
Radical changes are coming to transportation.
Earlier this month, I wrote a post about three ongoing technological revolutions — vehicle electrification, autonomous (self-driving) vehicles, and distributed energy — that are going to intersect in powerful ways.
Since then, I've become convinced that I should have included a fourth: wireless electric vehicle charging (WEVC).
Getting rid of plugs and cables doesn't get nearly the hype of the other three trends, but it's a necessary precursor to unlocking their full potential. And it is a lot closer than most people realize.
Why we need wireless charging for electric vehicles
Consumers, most of whom are still fairly unfamiliar with electric vehicles, have certain anxieties about them.
One, so-called "range anxiety," is the worry that batteries won't carry them as far as they want to travel (or might want to travel — one never knows).
The other is the hassle of plugging in the car every night. For people in apartments or condos, there may not be outlets. And even for people with garages, it's still kind of a pain in the ass. Pumping gas at gas stations is a pain, too, but at least it's only once every week or two.
Alex Gruzen, the CEO of the wireless charging tech company WiTricity, told me one automaker has done an internal survey of its plug-in hybrid-electric vehicle (PHEV) owners and discovered that 70 percent of them never plug in. They use the vehicles as ordinary hybrids, sacrificing an enormous amount of fuel economy (which they paid extra for!) just because nightly plugging in is a hassle.
(Gruzen can't reveal which automaker, so I can't confirm the survey, but this study and this one support the conclusion that PHEV owners plug in far less than would be optimal.)
EV manufacturers know about these anxieties, which is why all of them are working to extend range and all of them are working toward wireless charging.
So WEVC is going to ease consumer anxieties and accelerate EV adoption. It's also going to be a boon to public transit. And it's going to serve as a key enabler of self-driving vehicles and vehicle fleets. We'll get to all that in a minute.
First, a quick tech primer.
The wireless charging tech involved in EV charging (so far)
One key technology is pushing WEVC toward broad adoption.
Today, most commercially available consumer device chargers, like all those toothbrush or cellphone charging pads, use inductive coupling: One coil of wire (the transmitter) converts electricity into a magnetic field, and another (the receiver) converts it back into electricity. The magnetic field is omnidirectional — it's not aimed or directed — so the receiver has to be quite close to the transmitter to pick up much power.
A recent advance in induction is known as magnetic resonance, in which the transmitter and receiver are "strongly coupled," tuned to the same frequency, which allows the magnetic field to be directed, increasing the distance it can travel and the end-to-end efficiency of the process. Magnetic resonance was demonstrated by a team at MIT in 2007 (the team that went on to found WiTricity).
Think of them as wireless charging 1.0 and 2.0. The first magnetic resonance products, including laptop chargers, will hit the market later this year.
The advantage of magnetic resonance is mainly convenience: The transmitter and receiver can couple at any orientation and at greater distances, so the device doesn't have to be quite so precisely positioned over the charging pad.
It's also incredibly efficient. The larger coils in EV chargers, operating at higher frequencies, attain end-to-end efficiency of 90 percent or even a little higher, roughly equivalent to the efficiency of a plugged connection.
Note: Many stories on EV chargers still use lazily use "induction," but they're usually referring to magnetic resonance.
There are other wireless techs that might enter the EV space sometime — microwaves, in particular — but they are more speculative. It's magnetic resonance that's going to have an impact in the next few years.
(For more background on wireless charging — the science, the technologies involved, the companies trying to commercialize in the consumer device market — check out this earlier post.)
Wireless charging will boost consumer EV adoption
EV owners who don't want to plug their car in every night currently have only one option, the only WEVC product on the market today: Plugless, by Virginia-based Evatran.
Here's the system, charging a Nissan Leaf:
There's a small charging pad connected to a wall-mounted power adapter. On the underside of the vehicle is a receiver. At least for now, receivers have to be custom-made for each vehicle type; currently they are available for the Nissan Leaf, Chevrolet Volt, Cadillac ELR, and (later this year) Tesla Model S.
The current Plugless model is 3.3 kW, which charges about as fast as a standard Level 2 (240-volt) household plug. It will charge a Leaf from empty to full in about eight hours.
The company is also close to introducing a 7.2 kW model especially for Teslas. If it's adapted for other cars, it would cut Leaf charging time about in half, to four hours.
As the first consumer-facing company in the WEVC space, with two years of selling product, Plugless shared some of its thoughts on the market in an interesting blog post.
It turns out consumers love WEVC. Naturally Plugless is going to say so, and share the most positive reviews, but it's something I've heard over and over again in stories and discussions: Once charging becomes automatic and worry-free, it's hard to imagine going back. Plugless says it has talked with a number of consumers for whom wireless charging was the catalyst to finally switch from gas cars to an EV.
Interestingly, Plugless consumers are not generally demanding higher-power chargers or faster charging. Evatran has been involved in experiments at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) getting up to 20 kW out of similar chargers, but the company doesn't see much market for it, at least not in the home.
There are several reasons for that. For one thing, as this big study by Idaho National Laboratory found, the vast majority of charging — about 85 percent — is done at home. When the car is parked, it's charging, so it's always "topped off." There just aren't many use cases when people a) drive so much in a day the battery is entirely drained and then b) need to charge it really quickly.
Also, the typical house's circuit can't handle much more than 7 kW; beyond that, the electrical system would have to be upgraded, imposing additional cost for modest advantage.
It's the convenience consumers love with WEVC; the speed only needs to match a plugged connection.
(See also Qualcomm's "Halo" WEVC system, now being used to charge Formula E cars, soon to enter wider production.)
China is racing toward WEVC
Plugless is soon going to have lots of competition. In a market report on WEVC technologies, Navigant Research had this to say:
It is now clear that several major automakers are planning to bring wireless systems to market within the next few years, and a significant portion of the industry believes that wireless technology represents the future of plug-in electric vehicle (PEV) charging. … Within a decade, wireless charging could be the leading way of charging EVs. Navigant Research forecasts that wireless charging equipment for light duty vehicles will grow by a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 108% from 2013 to 2022, reaching annual sales of slightly less than 302,000 units in 2022.
That's fast:
As you can see, Navigant (and everyone else I've talked to) thinks the biggest growth is going to be in China, which is — little-known fact — expected to become the world's biggest EV market this year.
(See also this IDTechEx report.)
Infrastructure is the key to unlocking WEVC
One reason WEVC is going to take off in China is that China's policies deliberately favor EVs. But there's another reason too: The biggest accelerant of EV adoption won't just be home WEVC, it will be WEVC infrastructure, and China, unlike the US, is still making big, bold infrastructure investments.
Imagine, a few years hence, when the bulk of EVs are outfitted with standards-based, interoperable WEVC receivers. Charging pads could be embedded in parking garages, parking lots, street curbs, rest stops, even under select traffic lights.
I talked to engineer Omer Onar at ORNL about whether this "charging in motion" scenario is realistic, and they said there's absolutely no physical barrier; the only problem is cost.
They said to keep cars charged all the time would require filling about 75 percent of road surfaces with 10 kW chargers, which obviously isn't practicable. But if the chargers can be boosted to 100 kW — entirely within the realm of the possible — that number falls to 7.5 percent.
And if you focus on the best spots, places where people stop or slow down frequently, you can get that down to 2 or 3 percent. That's still an enormous project, but not something outside what a big city might attempt.
There's an actual study underway in the UK of highways with embedded wireless charging, though honestly that seems like a crazy idea. (Why charge where people are moving fastest? You'd have to fill miles and miles of road with chargers.)
The first steps for WEVC infrastructure are likely to be less ambitious than this, though, finding a foothold in office parks, among shared vehicle fleets (like electric company meter readers), and in public transit (more on that in a second).
When might all this happens? I pressed WiTricity's Gruzen for predictions. They said cars with wireless charging are hitting the market in 2017 and 2018. "By 2019 it's ubiquitous," they said, "in terms of all the major automakers having wireless charging cars, all operating on a global common standard."
That is, as they note, right around the corner, especially in terms of automotive design cycles. But WiTricity is in discussions with automakers all over the globe. (Toyota is a big investor as well as a licensee — the next-gen plug-in Prius will have wireless charging built in.)
Automakers are pushing hard toward EVs, and they all see WEVC as key to opening up the market. Once the standards and vehicles are in place, infrastructure will start to catch up, most quickly in China.
Wireless charging will be a boon to public transit
One of the first places WEVC is going to have an impact, outside of individual garages, is in public transit. Public WEVC infrastructure will work best along fixed routes, which is what transit offers.
The fastest and easiest way to implement WEVC is for buses, which can easily be outfitted with receivers.
There's a public bus route being tested with WEVC in the UK; "similar systems are already being used in Turin and Genoa in Italy, Utrecht in the Netherlands and in Mannheim in Germany." Here's a story about a wirelessly charged bus line in South Korea from back in 2013. (That one used the OLEV system by KAIST, which is worth checking out.)
Over at Charged, a magazine covering EVs, Charles Morris has a nice feature on a Utah company called WAVE (Wireless Advanced Vehicle Electrification), which came out of Utah State University in 2011. It's making WEVC systems for buses:
WAVE currently has systems in operation in several cities, and [CEO] Masquelier told Charged that they expect to have at least 20 systems up and running later this year. "We're in a position now where we can produce the systems very quickly."
WAVE systems, placed where buses stop frequently, usually at the beginning and the end of the route, are entirely automatic — no intervention from the bus driver is required. (Contrast this with stopping to plug in periodically or fiddling with those overhead catenary wires.) The advantage for buses on a WEVC-enabled route is that they can go farther and/or slim down on their batteries, making them lighter and cheaper.
Incidentally, earlier this month Utah State University unveiled its first public demonstration of charging in motion.
Last month, a Pennsylvania company called Momentum Dynamics announced that it would deliver a whopping 200 kW wireless bus charger in 2016, for municipal bus fleets in Washington and Maryland. And the CEO says, "Even higher power systems are in development."
What about public transit's perennial problem, the "last mile" between train or bus stop and home? Perhaps for that, cities could use fleets of electric, self-driving, self-charging vehicles — "pod cars."
Wireless charging is necessary for the spread of autonomous vehicles
Everyone is excited about the promise of autonomous electric vehicles (AEVs). There is great potential for self-driving buses, trucks, industrial equipment, and, of course, shared vehicle fleets.
But think about that theoretical fleet of Uber-like autonomous taxis. Who's going to plug them in? A staff of workers, waiting by charging stations for when they're needed?
No. If autonomous fleet vehicles are really going to work, they're going to need to charge themselves. How can they do that?
Here's one possibility, worked out by Tesla:
I think we can all agree, noooooooooo.
Aside from the abiding creepiness, that's a lot of moving parts, vulnerable to corrosion or theft. (Cables at EV charging stations are frequently robbed for copper in poorer countries.)
It's got to be wireless. AEVs can perfectly position themselves over WEVC pads for maximum efficiency. A fleet of AEVs can share a few common WEVC pads. AEVs can communicate among themselves, swapping out spaces over charging pads as needed.
Think about WEVC pads integrated into automated garages of the kind Westfalia makes, and how much more efficiently they could be used by AEVs:
Google is already testing wireless charging capabilities on its self-driving cars; other manufacturers are sure to follow.
How will it all fit together? Here's a Nissan video about the "fuel station of the future":
This is all the transportation revolutions coming together: self-driving electric vehicles, interacting with the energy grid, charging themselves.
Once AEVs — whether buses, cars, truck, or marine vehicles — start charging themselves, transportation becomes like a perpetual motion machine, a ubiquitously available service that requires little human interaction.
Electric vehicles are by nature simpler and require less maintenance than internal combustion engine vehicles. Once they are driving and charging themselves, there's not much left for humans to do, except get where they need to go.
Extreme weather, such as the 2010 Russian heat wave or the drought in the horn of Africa, will become more frequent and severe as the planet warms, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) warns in a report released today. Some areas could become “increasingly marginal as places to live in", the report concludes.
C. FURLONG/GETTY IMAGES
It is “virtually certain” — meaning 99–100% probability in IPCC terminology — that the twenty-first century will see an increase in the frequency and magnitude of warm temperature extremes and a decrease in cold extremes.
It is much less clear, however, how climate change will affect rainfall, flood risk and storminess.
A summary of the report for policymakers was released today at the IPCC plenary meeting in Kampala, Uganda. The full report, compiled over the past two and a half years by more than 100 scientists, draws on the results of thousands of published studies on physical-climate change, risk management and climate-change adaptation, and is scheduled for release early next year.
“We are more confident now than we have been before that climate change will amplify the number of unusually warm days and that it will in many regions also affect precipitation patterns,” says Thomas Stocker, a climate scientist at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and head of the IPCC's physical sciences group.
But confidence has not increased for other phenomena, including relatively small-scale events such as mudslides and landslides or tropical storms. “There are large research gaps,” they say.
Storms ahead?
Uncertainty is particularly large as to what will happen in the immediate future. For all the possible levels of greenhouse-gas emissions over the next two or three decades, the projected changes in extremes are relatively small compared with the natural variability of the climate. For some events, such as local floods, it is even unclear whether they will be more or less frequent, says the report.
“It is exceedingly unlikely that climate change will not affect some weather extremes,” says Peter Stott, a climate scientist with the UK Met Office's Hadley Centre in Exeter, who was not involved in writing the report. “But it will take more time and effort to assess in the wider context of climate change how changes in mean temperature and precipitation will alter the likelihood of any extremes to occur.”
Uncertainty arises from both the limitations of even the most sophisticated numerical climate models and from the brevity, and in some regions, unreliability, of the observational record.
The report finds "low confidence" in any observed long-term increases in tropical cyclone activity, for example. It also finds that the rising trend in economic losses from cyclones, including hurricanes, “cannot be reliably attributed to natural or anthropogenic climate change”.
The report is “more candidly addressing uncertainty and more accurately reflecting the peer-reviewed literature” than previous IPCC assessments have done, says Roger Pielke Jr,a climate-policy researcher at the University of Colorado in Boulder.
“It is satisfying to see that the climate-science community is on the brink of finally getting this topic right,” they say.
But the gap between the release of the summary and the full report is still “unfortunate”, says Stefan Rahmstorf, an ocean and climate researcher at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany.
“Governments have in the past considerably weakened the language of IPCC summaries for policymakers,” they say. “As long as the full report is not available it is hard to say if, and to what extent, this may have happened again."
Line-by-line
Unlike the full reports, IPCC summaries for policymakers are subject to approval by all governments involved in the IPCC process. Delegates in Kampala say that it was, as usual, a lengthy and cumbersome exercise to go through, and agree on, every sentence of the 29-page summary.
What has been agreed on does provide important guidance for nations and communities vulnerable to climate change, says Rajendra Pachauri, IPCC chairperson. The findings, they say, are especially useful for increasing the resilience of developing countries which tend to generally suffer more severely from extreme weather events than rich countries.
Over the past 30 years, 95% of all fatalities related to storms, floods and other weather-related disasters have occurred in developing countries. The report outlines a variety of adaptation strategies, such as early-warning systems and improved building codes, drainage systems and soil and plant conservation practices, which can help reduce future harm and loss of life.
The report is also meant to inform the United Nation's upcoming climate talks which start on 28 November in Durban, South Africa.
“Despite all uncertainties, it is crucial for policy-makers to remain aware of the scientific reality of climate change,” says Pachauri. “If science is not given the primacy it deserves it is unlikely that any of the actions will be taken that this report is begging of.”
With their latest Nike sneaker, Oklahoma City Thunder star Kevin Durant attempted to pay homage to the Maryland county where their journey to NBA all-star and MVP began, but some find it offensive.
The $180 sneaker, which goes on sale Wednesday, is called the KD8 ‘P.G. County,' and that abbreviation of “Prince George's” upsets some in the county. For years, using “PG” has been considered taboo.
“We would certainly prefer that it was ‘Prince George's County,'” said Barry Hudson, the county executive's spokesperson.
The county reached out to Nike when it learned of the name.
“Actually sent a letter to Nike kind of giving them some idea of the nature of the term ‘Prince George's County' versus ‘PG County' just to let them know that it is, to many in the county, a pejorative,” Hudson said.
Melvin McCray, who once coached Durant at the Seat Pleasant Activity Center, said the name of the shoe makes perfect sense. Durant has donated tens of thousands of dollars to the facility where a room is named in their honor.
“Whether it's ‘PG County,' whether it's ‘Prince George's County,' I just think we all should just enjoy the moment and just embrace it,” McCray said.
Former PayPal COO David Sacks has said cryptocurrency is “fulfilling PayPal's original vision” to “create ‘the new world currency.'”
In an interview with CNBC, Sacks, who worked with the payment network in its early days around the year 2000, said there were strong comparisons between the current Blockchain scene and the dot-com boom of the 1990s.
“For those of us who lived through the dot-com era, this feels reminiscent. You have some of the same speculative excess and random enrichment,” they told the publication.
“But you can also feel that something revolutionary is happening. Money is being made programmable. That's a fundamental change with implications we can still barely see.”
PayPal hit the news regarding cryptocurrency for less favorable reasons this week as Bitcoin overtook the company's $70 bln market cap for the first time in history.
During its early years, however, Sacks says the plan all along was to freeze out the banking sector from payments.
“We added features like interest and debit cards so you'd never have to withdraw funds to the legacy banking system. When we got acquired by eBay, that project kind of stopped,” they explained.
“But cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin are now fulfilling that original vision. They are doing it in a decentralized way (with a decentralized database called the Blockchain) whereas PayPal tried to do it in a centralized way.”
The comments were warmly received on social media from a community traditionally hostile towards PayPal's purported business ideals.
We won't be getting a 3rd-quarter GDP estimate until October 29, but we do have industrial production — and it's growing seriously fast: 5.2% annual rate for 3rd quarter, even faster in the last month.
I know that various outfits make a business out of producing advance estimates of GDP using a variety of measures, but I thought I'd just look at the historical relationship between industrial production and GDP growth (data since 1995):
Those big negatives on the lower left are the recent recession, with industrial production dragged down by massive inventory liquidation. Some of what we're seeing now is just payback for that, and not an indication of broader growth. But even so, recent industrial growth suggests GDP growth of 4 percent or more.
If that's right, and it continues, we should be seeing some job gains soon; the negative miracle of rapid growth without jobs can't continue indefinitely.
So we may see some light in the near future.
On the other hand, it would take two years of 5% growth just to get unemployment back to around 7%. So we're a long way from being out of the woods, or even to the point where the Fed should lift rates above zero.
So not too much optimism — but the picture isn't entirely black.
Same Epic Venue, Brand New Course
For an unprecedented 8th season in a row Tough Mudder is bringing the badass back to Raceway Park. The course at this iconic venue, with its extreme motocross trails and ridiculously thick woods is guaranteed to push you to the red line and beyond, and it's only 45 minutes from NYC. So lace up your best pair of muddin' shoes, commit to having a blast, and kicking some serious ass at Tough Mudder Classic Tri-State.
8-10 Miles, 25 Obstacles
Tough Mudder Classic is an epic return to our badass roots in the form of 8-10 miles packed with more obstacles than ever before (25 to be exact). In 2019, we've taken innovation to the extreme with 10 new or updated obstacles on every single course for maximum limit-testing, goal-crushing EPIC. You'll test your limits physically and mentally and cross the finish line stronger than you started, with your fellow Mudders by your side every step of the way.
There's no better place to prove to yourself that you've got what it takes to demolish any goal you set in 2019 than Tough Mudder Classic. Because that ice-cold free finisher beer tastes even better when you've earned it.
Please note: Course distance, route and number or type of obstacles are subject to change and may differ from those advertised.
Sen. Mark Warner Mark Robert WarnerHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win MORE (Va.), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, will call President Trump's firing of former FBI Director James Comey “utterly shocking” in their opening statement on Thursday.
“The way in which you were fired by the president is utterly shocking,” Warner will say, according to their prepared remarks.
ADVERTISEMENT
Warner adds that Trump's behavior needs to be addressed, regardless of the outcome of the investigation into possible ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.
“This is not how a President of the United States behaves,” they will say.
“Regardless of the outcome of our investigation into those Russia links, Director Comey's firing and their testimony raise separate and troubling questions that we must get to the bottom of.”
Warner's opening statement was released just before Comey's testimony to the Senate panel.
Then former FBI chief on Wednesday released their own opening statement, in which Comey says the president said they expected Comey's loyalty and that Trump wanted them to “lift the cloud” surrounding the Russia investigation.
US dominates Internet regulation.
By Deepak Chitnis
WASHINGTON, DC: India is lobbying the international community to create an inter-governmental Internet watchdog agency, which would create strict guidelines for how the Internet should be used and monitor how the worldwide web is used in countries around the globe, essentially creating the world's first major multi-national Internet regulatory agency.
The country's interest in Internet monitoring comes on the heels of the revelation that the US intelligence agencies did, in fact, monitor the communications of the Indian government, specifically emails. The US government made the admission, but said that the content of these emails was never targeted nor read, just received the emails' destinations and “metadata.”
The revelation, which was hinted at months ago by former NSA contractor and current US government whistleblower-cum-fugitive Edward Snowden, came as part of the Cyber Crime, Cybersecurity, and Right to Privacy report, which was released by the Indian government. In it, the secretary of the Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY) said that the US was looking into Indian emails.
The Indian government responded to assurances from the White House that email content was never read by saying that such infringements on Indian are “not [to] be tolerated, and [are] not tolerable from Indian stand and point of view.” To reinforce that standpoint, India is asking that all countries watch each other on the Internet, so that no country can go around snooping on anyone else.
Currently, what little of the Internet is regulated is done so from the US. American agencies are responsible for making sure that Internet domain names are properly registered and do not conflict with one another, as part of its National Telecom and Information Administration (NTIA). The Indian security division, its National Security Council Secretariat (NCSC), wants power over Internet domains split among all countries.
Reports indicate that India is actively looking into making Internet regulation a reality. At the UN meetings in Geneva, Switzerland last month, Indian officials spoke with delegates from several other countries, and supposedly already have support from Saudi Arabia and Russia, but are facing opposition from big guns like the European Union, the UK, Japan, and Sweden.
For its part, the United Nations already has some small sub-agencies in place, such as the International Telecommunications Union and the Internet Governance Forum, but what India is looking for is direct involvement and cooperation among nations.
To contact the author, email to editor@americanbazaaronline.com
Iran and Hezbollah have significantly stepped up support for embattled Syrian President Bashar Assad, Western intelligence reports have revealed.
The reports say that Iranian officers and Hezbollah militants have supplied arms to Syrian troops and trained them, to aid Assad in their months-long effort to crack down on anti-regime protests in the country. They also show that Hezbollah fighters were killed in clashes with rebel forces.
Syrian youths viewing a Damascus street through damage from a tank attack in a residential neighborhood. AP
Israeli defense officials told Haaretz this week that the potential fall of the Assad regime prompted Iran and Hezbollah to increase their involvement in the Syrian crisis. According to the officials, even though the Iranians believe Assad will survive the uprising, they are still preparing for a scenario whereby they are toppled, in order to maximize their influence on a post-Assad Syria.
Defense Minister Ehud Barak, backed by Military Intelligence information, said that Assad is past the point of no return and that their regime, which is enjoying less and less domestic and international legitimacy, is likely to implode. Barak did not specify a time frame. In late 2011, they incorrectly predicted that Assad's fall would occur “within weeks.”
Analysts in Israel and the rest of the world were unimpressed with Assad's declaration of victory in the flashpoint city of Homs earlier this week. Many say that Syria is sliding further into anarchy, and that it may meet the criteria of a “failed state” even before the regime collapses. Israeli officials are also skeptical about former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan's recent efforts to put an end to the protracted crisis.
Recent data reveal that more than 10,000 people have been killed in clashes since the unrest began early last year. Some 20 percent of those killed were believed to be Assad loyalists; more than 80 percent were thought to belong to the opposition. The number of armed rebels is estimated at more than 10,000, but they suffer from chronic shortage of supply and interruptions in international support.
Iranian assistance to Syria, which has been ongoing for years and is dubbed “the shadow army” by Israel, consists of extensive arms shipments, which include rockets, mortars and anti-aircraft missiles that could be used against a potential air strike campaign by international forces, as well as riot dispersal means. The so-called shadow army was coordinated by Imad Mughniyeh and Mohammed Suleiman, who were killed in two separate incidents in 2008. Syria and Hezbollah claim the two were assassinated by Israel.
Iranian and Hezbollah assistance to Assad also includes the training of Syrian troops in urban warfare, as well as drone operations. Western intelligence reports reveal that Iranian Revolutionary Guard officials frequently make top-secret visits to Syria to advise the regime on how to deal with the rebels. Meanwhile, Hezbollah has beefed up the deployment of its troops along the Lebanon-Syria border, in an attempt to prevent arms spillover from Lebanon to Sunni opposition groups. Unlike Hamas, which ended its presence in Syria almost overnight after the crisis began, Hezbollah still maintains close ties with the Syrian regime and uses bases and ammunition reservoirs on Syrian territory.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The reports have also found traces of global jihad activity in Syria, mostly Al-Qaida and its ideological subsidiaries. The members of these organizations are mainly Sunni radicals, who arrived in Syria after U.S. forces withdrew from Iraq in December last year. It is likely that these groups are behind the recent spate of car bomb attacks in Damascus and its vicinity.
The UK economy shrank 1.9% in the first three months of 2009, according to gross domestic product (GDP) data from the Office for National Statistics. The contraction was much worse than had been expected and was the biggest three-month decline in GDP since the third quarter of 1979. "It's the weakest in 30 years - that's extremely soft," said George Buckley at Deutsche Bank. GDP measures the value of all the goods and services produced by a country. A decline of about 1.5% had been expected following the contraction of 1.6% in the previous three-month period. This may go down as the week that defined Britain's political and economic choices for at least a decade
Stephanie Flanders, BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie's blog in full Taking the UK's economic pulse Send us your comments Taken together, it was the worst six-month decline in GDP since the ONS began publishing the figures. 'Weakness to come' The ONS figures also showed that GDP for the year to the end of March was down by 4.1%. The latest figures mean that GDP has now shrunk for three quarters in a row, and confirm that the economy is still deep in recession. The biggest contributor to the decline was the manufacturing sector, which shrank by 6.2% in the first three months of the year, having decreased by 4.9% in the previous quarter. "The last six months has seen the sharpest fall [in GDP] on record and the manufacturing number... is a record," Jon Beadle from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) told the BBC. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Only two sectors managed any growth at all: government output and the agriculture, forestry and fishing sector, both grew 0.3% in the period. Analysts suggested that this would be the worst contraction in the current recession. "I very much doubt that GDP is going to contract at this sort of rates for any longer, but I do think it will still contract all throughout 2009," said George Buckley at Deutsche Bank. "So there's still a lot of weakness to come, but not as weak as we're seeing today." Gloomy forecasts The worse-than-expected figure casts doubt on the chancellor's prediction that GDP for the whole of 2009 would only shrink by 3.5%.
How to cope with recession "A contraction of at least 4% is much more likely," said Benjamin Williamson at the Centre for Economic and Business Research. "Our latest forecast is for a 4.5% contraction this year, making 2009 the steepest single year contraction in economic activity since the 5.1% fall in 1931." The International Monetary Funds predicted a 4.1% decline for 2009. Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper said the government stood by its forecasts. "We believe the economy will start to recover towards the end of this year," they told the BBC. 'Optimistic' But Conservative leader David Cameron said the figures showed the government had a wildly optimistic view of the state of the UK economy: "The chancellor gave a set of forecasts in the Budget," they said. "Everyone said they were over optimistic, and already, just a few days later, the next lot of official figures coming out shows that he's been over optimistic, shows that what the government's been doing hasn't been working." James Knightley, an economist at ING Bank, said: "Today's GDP report does again highlight how optimistic Chancellor Darling was in their budget assumptions." Alistair Darling had also predicted that GDP in the first three months of the year would be at a similar level to that seen in the previous quarter. The ONS cautioned that the GDP figure was only its preliminary estimate and could be revised. There was some better news for the economy in the latest retail sales figures. Retail sales unexpectedly rose 0.3% in March, making them 1.5% above the level seen in March 2008.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HARRISBURG (KDKA) – Nearly 100,000 Pennsylvania Democrats have switched to Republican since the beginning of the year.
What's more: The Pennsylvania Republican party says more than 240-thousand new voters have joined the party since last November.
The state Republican party says that the surge in Republican registrations is nearly twice the number of newly registered Republicans compared to both the 2008 and 2012 numbers combined.
The party says the new numbers come from the Pennsylvania Department of State which shows that 97,607 Democrats have actually switched to Republican.
Numbers also show that 38,020 Republicans actually switched to Democrats.
“Enthusiasm is clearly on the side of the Republican Party of Pennsylvania this year,” Republican Party of Pennsylvania Chairman Rob Gleason said. “Republicans are making historic gains in voter registration in the Keystone State. As the last-minute registrations are processed, we're confident we will see our Party grow even larger.
Since the November 2015 election, 243,139 new voters have joined the Pennsylvania Republican party.
Jeremy for Labour campaign spokesperson says challenger's key pledges on workers' rights are already part of Corbyn's platform
Owen Smith has copied their new policy ideas on workers' rights from Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader's campaign team has suggested.
Smith, who is challenging Corbyn for the party leadership, unveiled a series of policies at a speech in Orgreave, including the reinstatement of a Ministry of Labour and a ban on recruiting workers exclusively from abroad.
But Corbyn's campaign said these ideas had already been unveiled by the Labour leader and their close team over the last few months.
Labour leadership: Owen Smith proposes £3bn wealth tax - live Read more
A spokesperson for the Jeremy for Labour campaign said: “We welcome Owen's focus on equality of outcome, reindustrialisation and workers' rights – and their support for policies announced in recent months by Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell.
“We are delighted that they have echoed John McDonnell's call for the reinstatement of a Ministry of Labour, made last month at the Institute of Employment Rights, and Jeremy Corbyn's call for a ban on exclusive workforce recruitment from abroad, made during the referendum campaign, among other policies.”
They added: “Owen's speech today shows the leadership that Jeremy Corbyn has demonstrated in placing economic justice and fairness back at the heart of Labour politics.”
A YouGov poll for the Times has suggested that about 2.5 million people who voted Labour at the last general election now prefer the Tory leadership of Theresa May to the Labour leadership provided by Corbyn.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Corbyn remains favourite to fend off Smith's leadership challenge. Photograph: Neil Hall/Reuters
The poll put support for the Conservatives at 40%. Labour is at 28%, its lowest point since Corbyn became leader in September last year. Ukip was at 13% and the Lib Dems at 8%.
However, Corbyn remains favourite to fend off Smith's leadership challenge.
On Tuesday, both campaigns sent promotional emails to people signed up to vote in the contest. Smith's email directed members to a campaign video, while Corbyn's email asked recipients whether they would back them in the leadership election.
Some Smith supporters raised concerns that the email could have been designed to identify those who are not loyal to the current leader – information that could potentially be used against them.
Linda Grant, a Labour member and novelist, said they feared being put on a “disloyal” list after ticking a box saying they would not support the leadership if Corbyn won.
“What I meant is that I would still be a member of the Labour party and would still vote Labour, but I probably wouldn't actively campaign because it would seem like a waste of energy,” they said.
Tom Blenkinsop, a Labour MP and Smith supporter, said members should be careful about handing over that information to the Corbyn leadership campaign, which required “North Korea-style loyalty” from members even though Corbyn had rarely been supportive of their predecessors.
“They draw up lists. It's what the hard left do,” said Blenkinsop. “They draw up lists of people with j'accuse and all that type of nonsense. It's all they are interested in – identifying traitors.
“I wouldn't reply to anything that [the Corbynist grassroots movement] Momentum sends. They are not affiliated and should be proscribed. They can change their name but it's the same thing – if people are wise, they will see it is the devious politics of the hard left.”
In response to complaints about the email, a Corbyn campaign spokesperson said:
“At this crucial time for our party and our country, it is essential that we bring Labour together. We hope that supporters of all candidates will agree that this leadership contest will decide the direction of our party, so that we can look outward, not backward, and take the fight to the Tories.”
Trick room team
A team by LeoAtHome
​
Introduction
Team:
Movesets
if you have any advice or tips please tell me because I'm fairly new to Pokémon Wifi. I wanted to make a trick room team because before all my teams were one Pokémon after another trying to get much damage off on the enemy as possible but now this lets me use them strategically and lets hem work together as a team. well here are my PokemonBronzong @ Leftovers (levitate)Ev's- 252 Hp/ 252 def./ 4 sp. def. [Relaxed]-Trick Room-Hypnosis-Earthquake-Gyro BallAlthough Bronzong isn't a surprise to see on a trick room team hes still one of the best Pokémon that can learn the move trick room and use it to their advantage. the move hypnosis lets them put to sleep powerful Pokémon and gyro Ball not only being very powerful because of their low speed It's also STABfor being a metal type move, also the ability levitate lets them take any ground type moves which they can use to their advantageDusknoir @ Leftovers (pressure)EV's- 252 Hp/ 4 def./ 252 Sp. Def [Careful]-Trick Room-Shadow Sneak-Will-O-Wisp-EarthquakeDusknoir also a very popular Pokémon for Trick Room teams and also not being affected by fighting and normal type moves helps them out allot they are also one of the best pokmon that can learn trick room. The move Will-O-Wisp lets them burn other powerful Pokémon going against them and earthquake and shadow sneak lets them get damage on other Pokémon. although they are not necessary valuable on the team they learn trick room and that is very important.Snorlax @ Leftovers (Thick Fat)EV's- 80 Hp/ 252 Attack/ 176 Sp. def [Adamant]Body SlamPursuitCrunchEarthquakeSnorlax is large defensive and strong and now with Trick room hes fast togetting moves off before the enemy and getting their powerful of the enemy.and even if trick room weirs out hes still good as a super defensive wall. also with the only thing being super effective against them being fighting they could just switch into dusknoir to which fighting doesn't effect.Empolion @ Leftovers (Torrent)EV's- 252 HP/ 4 def/ 252 Sp. Def. [Calm]Stealth RocksScaldIce BeamRoarEmpolion is a very good Pokémon but land in the UU Tier because of its terrible speed, but with trick room it lets them get even better speed and wipe out the enemy. something else good about them is the small amount of weak types against him. between turns they can set up stealth rocks and if somethings about to set up or sweeping the team they can go for roar and get rid of him.Gardevor @ Life Orb (Trace)EV's- 4 def 252 special attack 252 Hp [Timid]-Calm Mind-trick room-Shadow ball-psychicGardevor is uncommon in Trick room Teams because hes not necessarily slow but It's good to have 1 Pokémon that's fast to keep things going if trick room wares off. if it does were off Gardevor can come in set it up and just use calm mind a few times while taking the hits with their amazing def and then using shadow ball and psychic to beat the enemy.Swampert @ life orb (Torrent)EV's- 252 attack 240 HP 16 DefIce punchWaterfallEarthquakeToxicSwampert is amazing in the first place but with this speed boost they can simply sweep a team with their strong moves and when necessary use toxic on those defensive Pokémon. ice punch can get rid of dragon types and earthquake and waterfall are strong moves to KO or get a lot of damage on the enemy.
I never realized until recently that there is a sub-culture of libertarian "philosophers" and scholars that have their own "institutes" and meet regularly at conferences around the world to discuss the dangers of "fractional reserve banking", the need to return to the gold standard, the principles of Austrian Economics, etc. This alternate universe is comprised principally of economists and scholars from third-rate colleges and state universities whose "theories" were generally ignored - until recently, that is. With the rise of the Tea Party movement in the US, some of their ideas are entering the political mainstream.
The foremost authority of Austrian Economics in the US (despite its name, this is primarily an American school) is a German-American professor, Hans-Hermann Hoppe. An interview with Professor Hoppe - The Mind of Hans-Hermann Hoppe - was recently published on the Web site of the Ludwig von Mises Institute. In the interview, Hoppe discusses their core beliefs -which are evidently the foundation of the Austrian school: the evils of democracy and superiority of monarchy, the cult of private property, the need for the gold standard. Egalitarian thinking is the greatest evil of modern society; tribal structures and clans such as existed in the Dark Ages are to be emulated and supported as much as possible:
HOPPE: I don't think that we, in the Western world, can go back to clans and tribes. The modern, democratic state has destroyed clans and tribes and their hierarchical structures, because they stood in the way of the state's drive toward absolute power. With clans and tribes gone, we must try it with the model of a private law-society that I have described. But wherever traditional, hierarchical clan and tribe structures still exist, they should be supported; and attempts to "modernize" "archaic" justice systems along Western lines should be viewed with utmost suspicion.
In another interview - this one in German published in the Schweizer Monatshefte - Professor Hoppe elaborates on their antipathy towards democracy:
Hoppe: Ja, natürlich ist die Demokratie, ob direkt oder indirekt, eine Form des Kommunismus. Eine Mehrheit entscheidet darüber was dir und mir gehört und was ich und du tun dürfen oder nicht. Das hat mit Privat-Eigentum nichts zu tun, sehr viel aber mit der Relativierung von Eigentum, also mit Gemeineigentum, also mit Kommunismus. (Yes, of couse democracy is directly or indirectly a form of communism. A majority decides what belongs to you or to me, what you and I may or may not do. That has nothing to do with private property, but a great deal to do with the relativization of property, that is with common property, in other words communism;)
In the interview Hoppe goes on to praise Switzerland for being less democratic than other European countries and for its efforts to exclude non-Swiss from its soil They also praise the right-wing extremist politician and millionaire Christoph Blocher for their anti-immigrant policies, lamenting that "we could never have a politician like Blocher in the US. "
But, as Hoppe has written elsewhere, they are all in favor of immigration - as long as the immigrants are (white) Europeans with superior intelligence and education:
More specifically, it means distinguishing strictly between "citizens" (naturalized immigrants) and "resident aliens" and excluding the latter from all welfare entitlements. It means requiring as necessary, for resident alien status as well as for citizenship, the personal sponsorship by a resident citizen and their assumption of liability for all property damage caused by the immigrant. It implies requiring an existing employment contract with a resident citizen; moreover, for both categories but especially that of citizenship, it implies that all immigrants must demonstrate through tests not only (English) language proficiency, but all-around superior (above-average) intellectual performance and character structure as well as a compatible system of values – with the predictable result of a systematic pro-European immigration bias;
So, in their Liberatarian order, Hoppe would exclude the non-Europeans, since they can never be part of what they label "the natural elite" - whose innate superiority is passed along genetically from generation to generaion:
In every society, a few individuals acquire the status of an elite through talent. Due to superior achievements of wealth, wisdom, and bravery, these individuals come to possess natural authority, and their opinions and judgments enjoy wide-spread respect. Moreover, because of selective mating, marriage, and the laws of civil and genetic inheritance, positions of natural authority are likely to be passed on within a few noble families. It is to the heads of these families with long-established records of superior achievement, farsightedness, and exemplary personal conduct that men turn with their conflicts and complaints against each other.
We know who these Herrenmenschen are. They are the rightful property owners in Hoppe's Libertarian order. There can be no room for those of inferior genes - or, "sexual deviants", homosexuals, etc:
There can be no tolerance toward those habitually promoting lifestyles incompatible with this goal. They-the advocates of alternative, non-family-centered lifestyles such as, for instance, individual hedonism, parasitism, nature-environment worship, homosexuality, or communism-will have to be physically removed from society, too, if one is to maintain a libertarian order.
Once we have rounded up the hippies and the gays, there is one more group that Hoppe would eliminate, since they despise them most of all:
"There can be no tolerance toward democrats ... in a libertarian social order. They will have to be physically separated and removed from society."
All of this would be laughable - after all, the anarchist and anti-statist Hoppe is an employee of the state of Nevada, and they are able to publish whatever they wish thanks to the freedoms offered by the federally enshrined US constitution they hate - but increasingly we see these ideas expressed in mainsstream politics. We see Hoppe's racist and anti-immigrant ideas in the rhetoric of the Tea Party. We see their concept of the "natural elites" expressed in the policies of the Republican party - which has renamed them "job creators" who must not be taxed or restricted in any way in their dirve to accumulate wealth. And we see it in the general ridicule of the concept of the common good, which leads to drive to wreck or privatize all public institutions. Hans-Hermann Hoppe can watch with some satisfaction as the democratic experiment in America slowly collapses.
The Crafoord Prize Awarded for in astronomy and mathematics, biosciences, geosciences or polyarthritis research, awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences Country Sweden Presented by Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences First awarded 1982 ( ) Website www .crafoordprize .se
The Crafoord Prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by Holger Crafoord, a Swedish industrialist, and their wife Anna-Greta Crafoord. The Prize is awarded in partnership between the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Crafoord Foundation in Lund. The Academy is responsible for selecting the Crafoord Laureates.[1] The prize is awarded in four categories: astronomy and mathematics; geosciences; biosciences, with particular emphasis on ecology; and polyarthritis, the disease from which Holger severely suffered in their last years.
According to the Academy, "these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the Nobel Prizes are awarded".[2] Only one award is given each year, according to a rotating scheme – astronomy and mathematics; then geosciences; then biosciences.[2] A Crafoord Prize in polyarthritis is only awarded when a special committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made.[2] The recipient of the Crafoord Prize is announced each year in mid-January; on Crafoord Day in April, the prize is presented by the King of Sweden, who also presents the Nobel Prizes at the ceremony in December.[2][3] The prize money, which as of 2018 is 6,000,000 kr (or US$745,000), is intended to fund further research by the laureate.
The inaugural laureates, Vladimir Arnold and Louis Nirenberg, were cited by the Academy for their work in the field of non-linear differential equations. The first woman to be awarded the prize was astronomer Andrea Ghez in 2012.
Laureates [ edit ]
The Crafoord prize is awarded annually to the following scientists:[4]
Notes [ edit ]
a Nirenberg was born in Canada.[7]
b Grothendieck was born in Germany, but spent most of their life in France and was legally stateless. They declined their prize.[14]
c Shing-Tung Yau was born in China.[48]
d Dziewonski was born in Poland.[25]
e Kontsevich was born in Russia.[35]
f Eliashberg was born in Russia.[44]
g Rudensky was born in Russia.[49]
See also [ edit ]
Why Do Young People Like Socialism More Than Older People Do?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
Rain couldn't keep away hundreds of Georgetown University students on Thursday who waited hours outside for a chance to hear Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders explain their support for socialism.
The fervor to see the Vermont independent senator's major address wasn't surprising: Research shows that young people are much more likely than older people to support socialism.
A May study from the market research firm YouGov found that 26 percent of people ages 18 to 39 have a favorable opinion of socialism, compared with only 15 percent of people older than 65. The Pew Research Center has also found that almost half of people ages 18 to 49 view socialism favorably.
In an All thing Considered story this week, several students at George Mason University in Northern Virginia told NPR why they do — or don't — support socialism.
Some said they like the idea in theory but maybe not in practice. Others pointed out that they expect their opinions on socialism to evolve over time, as they gain more life experience and start their careers. But many students said they still viewed socialism positively.
NPR spoke with Kei Kawashima-Ginsberg, director of the Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University, to find out more about why young people view socialism the way they do. They pointed to two big reasons for the socialism gap between younger and older people: the economy and history.
The Economy
Kawashima-Ginsberg said millennials are less positive than their parents about capitalism.
"Older millennials that graduated from college or got into the workforce in the late 2000s really had a hard time believing in American Dreams and capitalism," they said.
That's partly due to the lingering effects of America's last recession. Young people — and not just college graduates — are doing worse than their parents did at their age. Data suggest they earn less, have more student loan debt and aren't able to buy a house as soon.
As a result, "young people conversely show much less support for capitalism versus the older population," Kawashima-Ginsberg said.
Instead, many are enamored with some of the ideals of self-declared socialists like Sanders.
"Young people really do support the idea of equality, especially economic equality, at a higher rate," Kawashima-Ginsberg said. "Economic inequality was one of the biggest problems that plagues their society."
History
Kawashima-Ginsberg also pointed out that what people think about socialism is often shaped by history and geopolitics.
"When young people think about socialism, or hear that term, the first thing they think about are Scandinavian countries, like Sweden and Norway, where people seem to be quite happy and people seem to be pretty well-supported," they noted.
But the idea of those Western European nations, with their heavily subsidized health care and college tuition, isn't the same for their parents.
"Older generations thought straight to the Soviet Union, where things were really tough and the idea of socialism wasn't really about raising the bottom," said Kawashima-Ginsberg.
Will This Change?
Typically, the more people age and climb the job ladder, they become more conservative and more loyal to that party.
But Kawashima-Ginsberg said they haven't seen that yet in their research.
"First of all, there's a big diversity within the millennial generation about what they believe in, who they might support, and how they might vote, but also by gender and race," they pointed out.
"For example, young women who are in their late 20s and early 30s aren't really turning more conservative than younger women," Kawashima-Ginsberg said. "Whereas older millennial men are now a little bit more conservative than younger millennial men, showing that the men are in some ways following that trend — becoming a little bit more conservative, maybe more supportive of a Republican platform — young women continue to hold pretty liberal views, and that doesn't seem to be shifting."
There are This articles was co-authored by Paul Chernyak, LPC . Paul Chernyak is a Licensed Professional Counselor in Chicago. They graduated from the American School of Professional Psychology in 2011.There are 10 references cited in this article, which can be found at the bottom of the page.
In this Article:Article SummaryEvaluating Your CrisisShifting the Focus from Your PainGetting Outside HelpHelp Talking to a Loved OneCommunity Q&A10 References
An existential crisis can strike suddenly, or it can be the product of much anguish. If you start to wonder about the meaning of life and to question where you fit in, then you are likely experiencing an existential crisis. Dealing with a crisis of this type requires that you remind yourself of everything that you have going for you. You'll need to resist the desire to isolate yourself and instead reach out to others.
[JURIST] The US Supreme Court [official website] ruled [opinion, PDF] 7-2 Tuesday in Marx v. General Revenue Corp. [JURIST report] that Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 54(d)(1) allows fees to be awarded in Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) [PDF; 15 USC § 1692k(a)(3) text] even if the suit was brought in good faith. Petitioner Olivea Marx had a student loan debt through EdFund, which hired General Revenue Corp. [official websites] to collect their debt. GRC subjected Marx to harassing phone calls, threats of wage garnishment and removing funds directly from their bank account, and contacting Marx's employer to assess their employment status. Marx filed suit against them and lost and was ordered to pay GRC $4,543.03 in fees. The Supreme Court held that the fee did not violate the FDCPA. Justice Clarence Thomas delivered the opinion:
The argument of Marx and the United States depends critically on whether §1692k(a)(3)'s allowance of costs creates a negative implication that costs are unavailable in any other circumstances. The force of any negative implication, however, depends on context. We have long held that the expressio unius canon does not apply “unless it is fair to suppose that Congress considered the unnamed possibility and meant to say no to it,” and that the canon can be overcome by “contrary indications that adopting a particular rule or statute was probably not meant to signal any exclusion.” In this case, context persuades us that Congress did not intend §1692k(a)(3) to foreclose courts from awarding costs under Rule 54(d)(1).
The Court affirmed the decision [text] of the US Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan dissented from the opinion. “Accordingly, to displace Rule 54(d)(1), a federal statute need only address costs in a way different from, but not necessarily inconsistent with, the default. The reason is straightforward. If Congress has enacted a provision with respect to costs in a statute, there is no longer any need for the default, so it gives way. This design of the Rule is sensible, because many statutes contain specific costs provisions. … While purporting to interpret the ‘ordinary meaning' of Rule 54(d)(1) the majority immediately abandons the ordinary meaning. The majority concludes that a statute provides otherwise for purposes of Rule 54(d)(1) only if it is ‘contrary' to the default.”
It's time to vote on your favorite 2016 Democratic presidential primary candidate! But before we get to business, let's review the status of the race on Daily Kos thus far:
7/9 6/23 6/9
Clinton 29 31 24
Sanders 67 63 69
O'Malley 1 1 2
Other 1 0 1
No clue 2 1 2
That's what "zero movement" looks like. Yeah, there's a little bouncing around, but it's all within whatever margin of error you would expect of such an unscientific poll. Much like national polling has shown, people are pretty decided. There's the crowd that prefers Hillary, there's the crowd prefers Sanders, and both sides appear hardened in.
Daily Kos is whiter (79%), younger (47% under 44), more male (67%), and more educated (just 21% have no college) than the typical Democratic primary voter. If Sanders wants to be genuinely viable, they have to break out of the Daily Kos demographic and appeal to a larger subset of the party.
(And as an aside, I'm personally very focused on working to have Daily Kos break out of the Daily Kos demographic in the years ahead so that we better reflect the Democratic coalition. I consider it an existentialist challenge. How can we represent the party if we don't look like the party?)
Alright, go ahead and vote!
- One person died after being stabbed early this morning near a downtown San Jose nightclub, according to police.
At 12:06 a.m., officers were dispatched to the area of 83 S. Second St., where the Tres Gringos Cabo Cantina is located, for a report of a stabbing, police said.
Upon arrival, officers located a man who had been stabbed at least once.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, according to police.
Police were unable to locate any suspects and no arrest was made. Police are attempting to investigate what led up to the stabbing.
The identity of the victim has not been released pending notification of this family, police said.
Anyone with information about the fatal stabbing is asked to contact San Jose police Detective Sgt. John Barg or Detective Wayne Smith at (408) 277-5283. Callers who wish to remain anonymous can call (408) 947-7867.
FOSSCON 2018
FOSSCON 2018 is approaching, and we now have a venue and date for you! This year FOSSCON will return to International House Philadelphia for a full day of talks, workshops, and networking on Saturday August 25th. We look forward to seeing you there!
Who Are We?
FOSSCON is a Free and Open Source software conference held annually in Philadelphia PA.
FOSSCON brings together users of Free and Open Source Software from a wide variety of fields. Our attendees include students, systems and network administrators, developers, executives, and more. Attendees come from around the world to participate in talks, learn of new technologies, and visit sponsors and FOSS projects represented in our exhibit area.
FOSSCON brings together users of Free and Open Source Software from a wide variety of fields. Our attendees include students, systems and network administrators, developers, executives, and more. Attendees come from around the world to participate in talks, learn of new technologies, and visit sponsors and FOSS projects represented in our exhibit area.
Our History
Our Team
Staying immersed in the local Philadelphia area has given us the opportunity to build relationships with the community at large, which in turn creates loyal supporters and attendees each and every year. Our continued growth from a meager start at 50 attendees to our current average of several hundred, coupled with our desire to enrich and educate the community is the biggest reason our event continues to progress in all areas.FOSSCON is run by a solid team of volunteers who dedicate time year-round to develop this ongoing event. Every person gives their time and resources to maintain, plan, build, and reach out so that we can continue to offer a better event each year. We would not exist if it were not for these dedicated individuals and their commitment to our mission. If you have interest in joining our team, please email our director (Jonathan Simpson - jsimpson@fosscon.us ).Stay connected with us:Twitter, @fossconNE
The tobacco-funded Heartland Institute already lost many of its sponsors—and millions in donations—a year ago when it suggested on a billboard that acceptance of the pervasive scientific consensus on climate change is somehow tantamount to being a serial killer or terrorist. The Institute is now again embroiled in a major scandal: This one does not involve billboards but a serious misrepresentation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
What happened is this.
On June 12th, the Heartland Institute crowed that
The Chinese Academy of Sciences, one of the most prestigious scientific academies in the world, has translated and published two massive volumes of peer-reviewed climate science first published by The Heartland Institute. The Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) will present the two books at a June 15 event in Beijing, a landmark event that puts enormous scientific heft behind the questionable notion that man is responsible for catastrophically warming the planet. ‘This is a historic moment in the global debate about climate change,' Heartland Institute President Joseph Bast said.
Actually, this was more of a historic moment in the revelation of climate denial for what it is: Denial of basic scientific facts for reasons that range from ideology to something else.
Because on 14 June, the Chinese Academy of Sciences issued a statement as follows:
However, the Heartland Institute published the news titled “Chinese Academy of Sciences publishes Heartland Institute research skeptical of Global Warming” in a strongly misleading way on its website, implying that the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) supports their views, in contrary to what is clearly stated in the Translators' Note in the Chinese translation. The claim of the Heartland Institute about CAS' endorsement of its report is completely false. To clarify the fact, we formally issue the following statements: (1) The translation and publication of the Chinese version of the NIPCC report, and the related workshop, are purely non-official academic activities the group of translators. They do not represent, nor they have ever claimed to represent, CAS or any of CAS institutes. They translated the report and organized the workshop just for the purpose of academic discussion of different views. (2) The above fact was made very clear in the Translators' Note in the book, and was known to the NIPCC report authors and the Heartland Institute before the translation started. The false claim by the Heartland Institute was made public without any knowledge of the translator group. (3) Since there is absolutely no ground for the so-called CAS endorsement of the report, and the actions by the Heartland Institute went way beyond acceptable academic integrity, we have requested by email to the president of the Heartland Institute that the false news on its website to be removed. We also requested that the Institute issue a public apology to CAS for the misleading statement on the CAS endorsement. (4) If the Heartland Institute does not withdraw its false news or refuse to apologize, all the consequences and liabilities should be borne by the Heartland Institute. We reserve the right for further actions to protect the rights of CAS and the translators group.
This response leaves little room for ambiguity, as amplified by a further CAS statement.
In the third instalment of this affair, Heartland issued an apology of sorts by noting that:
Some people interpreted our news release and a blog post describing this event as implying that the Chinese Academy of Sciences endorses the views contained in the original books. This is not the case, and we apologize to those who may have been confused by these news reports.
Anyone familiar with the activities of deniers will recognize that this affair follows a fairly standard three-step template: First, a spectacular announcement is made that is at the very least misleading if not outright mendacious. Then, true skeptics (usually scientists) discover and correct the misrepresentation. Finally, the responsible party retreats into its shadowy lair of irresponsible ideology with an “apology” that blames a “confusion” on parties unknown.
There is no confusion here. There is organized denial on the one hand and real science on the other. The distinction is obvious to anyone who cares to analyze the pattern.
NRL BIG-spenders the Parramatta Eels are poised to announce the signing of tough Kangaroos and Origin second-rower Beau Scott on a three-year deal.
The Daily Telegraph understands Scott has agreed to a $1.5 million deal and will quit the Newcastle Knights at the end of the season to link up with the Eels.
Their signing completes a series of big-name recruitments including Manly Sea Eagles champions Kieran Foran and Anthony Watmough.
Having Scott join Watmough give the Eels one of the most experienced and feared forward packs in the competition.
It will be 30-year-old Scott's fourth NRL club following stints at the Cronulla Sharks, St George-Illawarra where they won a premiership under Wayne Bennett before following the super coach to Newcastle three years ago.
There is not a tougher or more feared forward in the game.
MOVERS: Titans in hunt for Darcy Lussick
Scott's defection will be a big loss for Newcastle — and a huge gain for Parramatta. Source: News Corp Australia
The news on Scott will make up for the disappointment that hard-running forward Darcy Lussick is likely to be headed to the Gold Coast Titans next year.
Lussick comes off contract at the end of the year, and just happens to be good mates with Titans' high-profile recruit Daly Cherry-Evans.
In fact, Lussick and Cherry-Evans have spoken several times in recent weeks, but City forward Lussick said not once had the conversation turned to them joining their mate on the holiday strip in 2016.
As Parramatta now makes Will Hopoate and Chris Sandow their top recruitment priorities — Hopoate is expected to agree to a new deal as early as next week — Lussick's management are happy to give the Eels first right of refusal.
An unnamed Muslim woman from Austria was told to marry the man that allegedly raped them after they reported the crime, which took place during a visit to the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
The woman, 29, was told that their albeit unwilling participation still constituted extra-marital sex, which is illegal in the Gulf country. They were also set to be charged with alcohol consumption, also illegal, before the Austrian Foreign Ministry intervened and ensured their safe passage home.
The attack reportedly took place after a party in a hotel in Dubai. The attacker was described as a Yemeni man who allegedly accosted their victim in a parking garage on December 1st last year.
When the woman reported the rape to local police, however, they were arrested and told they could only escape charges of extra-marital sex and alcohol consumption if they agreed to marry the man that had allegedly attacked them
They were subsequently jailed for three days, and their passport was confiscated as police weighed whether to pursue the case.
The woman was only released after a special crisis team was sent by the Austrian Foreign Ministry to negotiate with the authorities.
An online petition calling for their immediate release obtained over 260,000 signatures in just a few days.
The Daily Mail reports that their quick release came as a surprise because, as a Muslim, they would likely have been treated more severely than non-Muslim Western visitors. Austrian Foreign Ministry official Michael Linhart said on Friday that it was unclear whether the victim would still face charges of having sex outside marriage.
- Advertisement -
Report from the 18 th Annual International Conference on Cold Fusion (ICCF-18)
Columbia, MO 21-26 July, 2013
Where to begin? Cold Fusion is one of those fields where the reality is different from the reporting. If you read the newspapers or the science magazines, you think that cold fusion is junk science, discredited after a single un-reproducible report in 1989. If you still think this way, please begin with the article I wrote for OEN last yea r.
The effect is real and remarkable on three counts:
As a scientific phenomenon it is completely unexpected. Nuclear energy is a million times bigger than the energy of a chemical bond, and we don't understand how anything you can do with a metal foil and a 2-volt battery could trigger a nuclear reaction. - Advertisement -
As a sociological phenomenon, it is striking how the science has been suppressed. Cold fusion results are routinely and categorically rejected by physics and engineering journals. Submissions will not be sent out for peer review. There is no support from NSF. DoE works behind the scenes to nix any funding for CF research, even when it comes from other government departments. The Patent Office files CF applications in the same round file that is used for perpetual motion machines and faster-than-light travel. (Meanwhile, there is a small program in CF research at the Naval Research Lab, and the Army has been an early customer for CF generators that have been (prematurely) offered for pre-order.)
As a possible solution to our energy and environmental woes, CF is potentially a godsend. If only it can be turned on and off reliably, it will be safe, non-polluting, cheap, inexhaustible, and easily scalable to work in a car or a basement without requiring connection to the grid. It is a solution to global warming that requires no government action, only bottom-up capitalism.
The field is a mess. Quality of presentations at the meeting this week ranged from thoroughly professional to completely unworthy. But some of the amateurish presentations had the best documentation. We don't know what's true, or whom to trust. There are dozens of theories, none of them testable. Contradictory experimental results are reported, and undoubtedly much of what is presented is an outright mistake. Professors are working on CF in their spare time, and amateurs are experimenting in their garages. Much of the amateur work is performing at just the level you might expect, but an oncologist in the Western suburbs of Boston has the most reliable, long-lasting, and highest-performance device reported to date. Meanwhile, Toyota is reported to be spending tens of millions of dollars each year on CF research in Japan, but they are rumored to be short on innovation, and in any case they're not publishing their results or coming to meetings.
- Advertisement -
How much of this is the chaos that's unavoidable at the beginning of a new science? How much is due to the lack of institutional support? There's plenty of each to go around.
There were 200 people for the 6-day conference. The crowd was greyer than any I've ever attended. That's because young people know they can't build a career in cold fusion -- they can't even write a dissertation or publish a paper. The lack of patent protection pushes commercial research labs into secrecy. The disdain of the research community and the lack of government support are deeply harmful to the research in the field. Some young faculty members in physics have figured out that this field is enormously promising, but what can they do? If they can't publish, they can't build a career on CF.
How close are we to a breakthrough? There are a handful of companies that claim to be preparing a commercial product. An Italian company called E-Cat demonstrated a product in 2011, and began taking orders for delivery in 2012. Now they have backed off their claims. A Greek company named Defkalion moved recently to British Columbia, and also claims to be on the verge of offering a commercial product. People at this week's meeting were deeply divided over whether they believe Defkalion's claims. They are announcing results, but with no details or supporting data.
Meanwhile, Federal priorities in supporting energy are a national embarrassment. For all the damage to health and the enviornment that has been done by fossil fuels, oil and gas continue to be heavily subsidized. Fracking is an environmentally devastating technology that has been granted exemption from environmental laws and taxation in my home state of Pennsylvania, and elsewhere. Research in hot fusion has squandered $50 billion over the last 50 years, and we're still no closer to a demonstration, let alone a power plant. But there are so many universities receiving so much money for hot fusion research that their influence in Washington prevents a retreat from this error.
Everyone at Mizzou this week believes that a fraction of that funding could launch us into an era of clean, cheap, abundant energy, slashing pollution and rescuing us from global warming in the process.
Simple enough, feminists describe themselves.
Are they usually fat & ugly, always inherently unlikeable, supremely hypocritical, snarky, annoying, deluded, intransigent?Welllllllll!!!!If you believe they are, you're normal, after all they do put out there who and what they are using their own mouth, character and expression...I mean, it's not any of us who put these words out there..you don't see us describing women they way they describe men.Take us for instance, we didn't just wake up one morning, after a coffee and say" F*uck it, we hate feminists(and their manginas)".TNC believes and promotes;Everyone has the right to exist and express themselves freely, and express themselves they did.It is their actions that dictates what we think of them, they are to stupid to see for themselves that how present themselves is the perception people have. How can anyone have respect for someone who has nothing but hate and disdain for the men around them, and yes even the manginas that sides with them who believe they are oppressors of their own daughters, mothers, wives so on.You know, the inferior male who has, just like the feminist an inferiority complex against other males.Men, (and that's "real men") understand full well who protects their right to crap out the sh*t they do (pardon my french), if it wasn't for us, there would be no right to speak ones own thoughts, free speech, on and on and on...Does it make us better, of course not, but we do understand that if it wasn't for us...There would be no...So, do we hate feminists and their manginas, no not really, actually we pity them; to live life with such hate and an inferiority complex, instead of enjoying life and making things better is one hell of a way to live, and the way they behave, frustration must be a daily occurrence for them, poor things.Sarcasm aside;They continue with their hate, express themselves openly on what they think of men and women who love them, it is their own words which brings them to the place they are, not the rest of us.And if anyone dares to tell it like it is, then they "or she" is threatened; freedom of expression, freedom to criticize is not for the chosen few, otherwise we would be living in a totalitarian regime, they are not allowed to throw the crap they do out there and have no one respond to the false accusations they are so well known for, opposition to such b*llsh*t is a necessary thing, otherwise, we will be so weakened, not by outside enemies, but those inside, that our society will never have a chance to evolve.Again, if it wasn't for men....Past...and present...You have the perfect right to be who you want to be,but for God's sakes, give credit where credit is due...Unless you really believe your freedoms depend solely on the local feminist and their mangina?...As for #HeForShe...(which has always been there by the way)How can you have #heforshe,Alongside #KillAllMen?Doesn't life's balance dictate if there is to be a for she, shouldn't there be a for me?And they wonder why we oppose everything they stand for.....
The Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS) Team has donated two of its handsome ARISS Challenge Coins to the Dayton Amateur Radio Association as a 2016 Hamvention door prize. The two keepsake coins are positioned side by side in a beautiful display box so that each side of the coin is seen from either direction.
The commemorative ARISS Challenge Coin is the premium received by donors who give $100 or more to ARISS. Dayton Hamvention General Chairman Jim Tiderman, N8IDS, agreed to feature the ARISS keepsake coin by holding a special prize drawing immediately following the introduction of the winners of the 2016 Dayton Hamvention national awards at 2 pm on Sunday.
The ARISS Team kicks off its 2016 fund-raising campaign at the Dayton Hamvention to raise money for the very high cost of replacing its aging radio system on the ISS and to help defray the cost of continuing ARISS operations. This special Hamvention prize drawing is the first step of the campaign.
ARISS International Chair Frank Bauer, KA3HDO, noted the importance of this fundraising campaign: “ARISS is in need of critical upgrades of our on-orbit equipment. The radio system in the Columbus module is over 17 years old and underpowered. We need a 21st Century next generation solution. This fundraising campaign will enable these upgrades and, as a result, significantly improve ARISS operations and provide the funding necessary to better support our stakeholders and the amateur radio community.”
Those wanting to support the ARISS fundraising campaign can donate to ARISS online via the AMSAT Website, www.amsat.org (select the “ARISS Donate” button) or the ARISS web page, www.ariss.org (select the “Donate” tab). ARISS representatives will also be at the AMSAT Booth during the Hamvention with Challenge Coins ready for people ready to donate $100 or more.
Be sure to go to the Hara Arena at the Dayton Hamvention on Sunday, May 22, 2016 at 2 pm for the major door prize drawings … and good luck!
About ARISS
Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS) is a cooperative venture of international amateur radio societies and the space agencies that support the International Space Station (ISS). In the United States, sponsors are the Radio Amateur Satellite Corporation (AMSAT), the American Radio Relay League (ARRL), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The primary goal of ARISS is to promote exploration of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) topics by organizing scheduled contacts via amateur radio between crew members aboard the ISS and students in classrooms or informal education venues. With the help of experienced amateur radio volunteers, ISS crews speak directly with large audiences in a variety of public forums. Before and during these radio contacts, students, teachers, parents, and communities learn about space, space technologies, and amateur radio. For more information, go to: www.ariss.org, www.amsat.org , and www.arrl.org .
Also, join us on Facebook: Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS) / Follow us on Twitter: ARISS_status
Contact:
David Jordan, AA4KN
ARISS PR
aa4kn@www.amsat.org
Perspective Free access | 10.1172/jci.insight.95206
Abstract The US continues to lead the world in research and development (R&D) expenditures, but there is concern that stagnation in federal support for biomedical research in the US could undermine the leading role the US has played in biomedical and clinical research discoveries. As a readout of research output in the US compared with other countries, assessment of original research articles published by US-based authors in ten clinical and basic science journals during 2000 to 2015 showed a steady decline of articles in high-ranking journals or no significant change in mid-ranking journals. In contrast, publication output originating from China-based investigators, in both high- and mid-ranking journals, has steadily increased commensurate with significant growth in R&D expenditures. These observations support the current concerns of stagnant and year-to-year uncertainty in US federal funding of biomedical research.
Biomedical research drives discovery and advances our understanding of human health and disease. The research enterprise also plays significant developmental and economic roles, fuels training of the next generation of physician and scientist investigators, and creates new technologies and jobs. Despite its importance, federal support for biomedical research in the US has been relatively unchanged for over a decade. For example, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which provides the bulk of federal funding for biomedical research, has had an essentially flat budget of ~$30 billion since 2008 until the $2 billion increase in 2016 for a total of ~$32 billion (1) and the additional increase of $2 billion for fiscal year 2017 that will boost the NIH budget to ~$34 billion (2). Although much of the budget increases have been directed to earmarked initiatives (e.g., Alzheimer disease, with $400 million of additional funds in 2017), the increase is welcome since the earmarks allow a potential net gain of support for investigator-initiated research. This stagnation in federal support for research raises many concerns, including whether the US will ultimately lose its global lead in biomedical research output and innovation as measured by scientific research articles, patents, and science and technology workforce (3). This concern is fueled by the relative decline in public sector and private industry research and development (R&D) expenditures in the US (compound –1.9% annual growth rate for 2007 to 2012, adjusted for inflation), as compared with an increase of 32.8% for China and 10%–11% for Singapore and South Korea (4).
As a measure of research output, we analyzed a select group of high-ranking clinical (JAMA, Lancet, New England Journal of Medicine) and basic science (Cell, Nature, Science), and mid-ranking clinical (British Medical Journal, JAMA Internal Medicine) and basic science (Journal of Cell Science, FASEB Journal) journals. The number of original research publications for these journals was individually and systematically estimated for the years 2000, 2005, 2010, 2013, and 2015 (see supplemental section for methods of accruing the articles; reviews, editorials, and commentaries were not included in the analysis; supplemental material available online with this article; https://doi.org/10.1172/jci.insight.95206DS1). For each article, the reported countries of origin for the corresponding authors and collaborators were tabulated, and manuscripts were classified into those arising from collaborations from one or more countries (e.g., the US vs. non-US). The percentage of basic and clinical manuscripts in high-ranking journals that include international collaborations increased from 26% of total publications in 2000 to 47% in 2015 (Supplemental Table 1), commensurate with a dramatic increase in the average number of papers with multiple authors (Supplemental Table 2). Although the percentage of papers published in high-ranking journals that originated solely from US-based authors decreased during 2000 to 2015, this was accompanied by an increase in papers from US-based corresponding authors in collaboration with international investigators (Figure 1 and Supplemental Table 1). During this 15-year span, the US maintained the highest ranking in terms of producing the most basic and clinical research articles published in high-ranking journals (Table 1; the same applies to publications in mid-ranking journals, Supplemental Table 3). Notably, China ranked as number 14 during 2000 with 0.4% of total high-impact article output, but gradually and steadily ascended to the fourth-ranked country with 1.4% of the total output (Table 1). The rise in output from China was noted in all manuscript categories we examined, including manuscripts that involved collaboration by China and other international authors (Figure 1). Great Britain and Germany maintained their second and third ranking, respectively; however, one notable drop in the ranking was Italy, which was among the top ten during 2000 and 2005 (Table 1) but moved outside the top-ten list for the years 2010, 2013, and 2015.
Figure 1 Biomedical research publication output for the US and China from 2000 to 2015. (A) The percentage of manuscripts originating from China or the US that include international collaborations has been steadily increasing during the past 15 years regardless of the journal impact (China: P = 0.03 for high-impact and P = 0.008 for mid-impact journals; US: P = 0.001 for high-impact and P = 0.05 for mid-impact journals). In contrast, the percentage of manuscripts that originated from US-based authors during 2000 to 2015 has decreased in high-impact journals (P = 0.007) or remained relatively unchanged for mid-impact journals (P = 0.28), while those originating from China-based authors has steadily increased in both high-impact (P = 0.02) and mid-impact journals (P = 0.04). (B) The percentage of manuscripts from the combined China-only authors and China-international collaborations has been steadily increasing regardless of the journal type (P = 0.001 and 0.04 for high- and mid-impact journals, respectively), while there has not been a significant change for the combined US-only and US-international publications for high-impact (P = 0.17) or mid-impact (P = 0.15) journals.
Table 1 List of countries with the greatest number of publications in high-ranking journals
Parallel to the rise of China in terms of publication output is the dramatic increase in R&D expenditures (normalized by purchasing power) relative to US expenditures. For example, China expenditures in 2000 were only 12.2% of the US, but this increased steadily and dramatically to more than 70% during 2013 and 2015 (Table 2). Of the top-ten countries in R&D expenditures after the US, China is the only country that has catapulted, while the remaining countries have not had major shifts in their expenditures (Table 2).
Table 2 List of countries with the largest R&D expenditures
The analysis we describe provides a detailed snapshot of 2000 to 2015 trajectories from ten journals that cover clinical and basic sciences. This is a very small number compared with the full corpus of research publications — there are more than 17,000 science and engineering journals listed in the Scopus database alone. However, our in-depth analysis of the ten journals allowed us to discern the publication trends between journals of different rankings and journals of basic and clinical research. The general trends we observe are similar to those identified in larger samples. For example, the output for China has increased significantly when comparing total science and engineering articles in 2003 (6.4% for China vs. 26.8% for the US of total world publications) versus 2013 (18.2% for China vs. 18.8% for the US) (5). This indicates that our sample analysis is likely to be representative of other top journals, though it is possible that the trends may be different for subdisciplines in the biomedical sciences. The steady increase in international collaborations in the ten journals we examined (Supplemental Table 1) is also evident across all science and engineering disciplines (ranging from astronomy to biological, medical, and social sciences) as detailed in the 2016 National Science Foundation (NSF) report that compared data from 2000 versus 2013 (5).
In summary, our analysis shows that, even though the US still has a pronounced presence in biomedical research publications, there is a shift toward US-international collaboration instead of US-based research coupled with a decline in US-based research published in high-ranking journals (Figure 1). The increase in US-international collaboration is more obvious in high-ranking than mid-ranking journals, suggesting that this trend is indicative of a decline in US discoveries instead of the adoption of a more collaborative research culture. Should this decline alarm US researchers and policymakers? The good news is that the US clearly continues to lead in terms of its output and its investment in R&D (Figure 1, Tables 1 and 2, and refs. 2, 4, 5). However, stagnation of research funding in the US is a major concern that is compounded by year-to-year uncertainty in funding and the dependence on annual budget approval by Congress. Although throwing money at a problem is not a cure, the investments in R&D that China (6) and South Korea (7) have made are paying off in publication output, while investments in R&D as a percentage of the gross domestic product in the US and the European Union have been relatively flat for several years (7). If current trends in R&D investments continue, it is predicted that China's support for research will exceed that of the US by 2022 (8). In addition to the need to enhance and stabilize the investment in fundamental and translational research and training, there are both strain and drain problems in the biomedical research enterprise and its workforce that have been eloquently highlighted (9) but not addressed. Increased and stable support for the NIH, NSF, and other federal funding agencies is needed, together with investments and support by businesses (e.g., a recent ad by business leaders published in the Wall Street Journal; ref. 10). Importantly, strong input and endorsement by the public with engagement by the research community are also essential if we are to maintain the lead in biomedical research that the US has enjoyed. The implications are immense, including economic and societal in addition to security and global ramifications.
Gizmodo Media Group is trying to manage the fallout that has erupted over the departure of executive managing editor Katie Drummond, who revealed earlier this week that they were leaving to become executive editor of The Outline.
Insiders said there is the perception within the company that women have a hard time advancing to top positions. With Drummond's departure, that feeling has been reinforced. On Wednesday, Gizmodo's editorial union issued a strongly worded letter expressing concerns and alleging that Drummond's exit demonstrated a gender imbalance within management.
“We were extremely alarmed to hear that Katie Drummond will not become executive editor and instead leave Gizmodo Media,” the letter began. “It continues a disturbing pattern of top management's failure to retain women in positions of authority, and raises serious concerns about the company's commitment to honor its contractual obligation to editorial independence. Further, it is yet another sign that Univision still has not found a way to manage the successful independent media company it acquired months ago.”
Drummond, who had been the editor-in-chief of Gizmodo.com, was promoted to the role of executive managing editor of all six Gizmodo websites following Lacey Donohue's departure for an editorial position at Hulu last fall. The executive editor role became open not long after, when John Cook launched the 10-person Special Projects unit. Drummond, as the executive managing editor, filled the role in an unofficial capacity with, according to sources, the understanding that they would be promoted to executive editor when the position was listed. But despite Cook having written a job description when they stepped down in December, it was never posted.
In April, Drummond, armed with a job offer from The Outline, was finally offered the promotion to executive editor, although the salary offered was low, according to a person familiar with the situation.
This turmoil comes during a week when Gizmodo Media Group chief executive officer Raju Narisetti has been out of the office at a media conference in Argentina, sources said. The all hands-meeting was scheduled on Monday after multiple employees voiced concerns in a Slack room called “Ask Raju” following Drummond's announcement to staff. It will take place on Friday, when Narisetti returns.
The search for an executive editor has not yet formally begun. The editorial union has requested approval over the hire “in the interests of moving forward from this debacle with a top editor who has the confidence of everyone in the newsroom.” That process is expected to be discussed at the meeting.
Gizmodo Media Group was acquired by Fusion parent company Univision for $135 million last fall after the network of web sites formerly known as Gawker Media Group declared bankruptcy as a result of losing a tumultuous privacy lawsuit brought by Hulk Hogan over a 2012 sex tape. Univision has since taken on what has proved to be a somewhat rocky process of integrating the Gizmodo sites into the rest of the company.
Fusion, which had struggled to brand itself after initially positioning itself as an English-language website for Hispanic Millennials, finally found a niche as a news site for woke Millennials. But that identity has at times seemed to be at odds with the predominantly male management — an issue that was raised in the letter from the editorial union.
“Drummond's departure comes after they had been doing the top job in the newsroom for months without the title or pay of their male predecessors, despite that job having become more demanding with the Gizmodo sites' integration with Fusion Media Group. That this situation was allowed to persist for months is shocking and embarrassing, particularly given the efforts of management to cultivate a reputation for being progressive and socially conscious,” it claimed.
Fusion disputed the allegations.
“Katie is a talented editor and we are disappointed to see them go, despite what we thought were compelling new internal opportunities,” a Fusion Media Group spokesperson said in a statement. “We take our commitment to diversity very seriously and believe that is evident in recent and continuing additions to GMG leadership and staff. Over the past few months, we have worked to bring together several distinct digital media properties into one powerful digital publishing entity and made significant new investments across our news teams. We have had some integration issues along the way that we are working through.”
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spaceflight, the leading satellite rideshare and mission management provider, today announced it will be launching 11 spacecraft in early January 2018 from India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV). Spacecraft include Finland's ICEYE-X1 SAR microsatellite, Planetary Resources' Arkyd-6 6U asteroid prospecting demonstration cubesat, four Spire Global Lemur-2 cubesats, Astro Digital's Landmapper-BC3, AMSAT's Fox-1D cubesat, and others.
Spaceflight performed the cubesat integration at its Seattle Integration Facility and is in the process of shipping the spacecraft to India for the PSLV-C40 mission. The PSLV rocket is scheduled to lift off from India's Satish Dhawan Space Center in early January 2018 with the Cartosat-2ER navigation satellite, in addition to Spaceflight's rideshare customers.
“PSLV-C40 is a perfect example of how our flexible, full-service rideshare model is enabling new commercial space businesses to exist while expanding into new markets,” said Curt Blake, president of Spaceflight. “This mission brings new customers from outside the industry into space while continuing partnerships with existing customers for their ongoing satellite constellations.”
One first-time customer on the mission is Finland's ICEYE with the country's first commercial satellite, ICEYE-X1. ICEYE developed its own synthetic-aperture radar (SAR) sensor technologies suitable for satellites under 100kg in weight, making it one of the bigger payloads on the PSLV-C40 mission. This is ICEYE's first proof-of-concept microsatellite mission with a SAR sensor as its payload and also the world's first SAR satellite in this size, enabling radar imaging of the Earth through clouds and even in total darkness. Potential use-cases for the data are monitoring sea ice movements or marine oil spills, and prevention of illegal fishing.
“Working together with Spaceflight to schedule and make this launch a reality has been an outstanding experience for ICEYE, and it has given us the necessary opportunities for scaling up operations for our constellation of micro-SAR satellites as planned,” said Rafal Modrzewski, CEO and co-founder at ICEYE.
Spaceflight offers customers the most options for getting to space, working with nearly every global launch vehicle provider, including the Falcon 9, PSLV, Antares, Cygnus, Electron, Soyuz and others. Much like buying an airline ticket that is valid on multiple airlines, Spaceflight can ensure organizations have flexibility to move vehicles if changes or delays occur. Additionally, the smallsat rideshare service model helps organizations reach a desired orbit at a much lower cost than buying their own launch vehicle.
Spaceflight has negotiated the launch of more than 120 satellites on behalf of its customers and has contracts to deploy nearly 200 more through 2018. The company plans to coordinate and deploy its largest launch to date in 2018 with its first dedicated rideshare mission aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9.
About Spaceflight
Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of spaceflight by delivering a new model for accessing space. A comprehensive launch services and mission management provider, the company provides a straightforward and cost-effective suite of products and services including state-of-the-art satellite infrastructure and rideshare launch offerings that enable commercial and government entities to achieve their mission goals on time and on budget. A service offering of Spaceflight Industries in Seattle, Washington, Spaceflight provides its services through a global network of partners, ground stations and launch vehicle providers. For more information, visit http://www.spaceflight.com.
From 2002-05, there was no player Florida State looked to more often in short yardage situations than Tallahassee native and fullback James Coleman. Coleman finished their Florida State career with just a 2.6 yards-per-carry average, but scored seven touchdowns over their final two seasons including the lone Seminole touchdown in a 10-7 victory over Miami on Labor Day in 2005 to snap FSU's 6-game losing streak to the Hurricanes.
“My junior and senior year, anytime it was 3rd-and-3 or less, I knew I was going to get the ball. It's one of those experiences I'd never trade,” Coleman said. “The four games I played Miami before that were real close. Most we had an opportunity to win and couldn't finish.”
A graduate of Florida High School in Tallahassee, Coleman grew up a Seminole fan and didn't have to go far to play their college ball. Though they served mostly as a lead-blocker for future NFL backs in Leon Washington, Lorenzo Booker and Greg Jones, Coleman said playing linebacker in high school helped them prepare for the role of fullback and running backs coach Billy Sexton embraced that.
“Most of us played another position in high school and the way Billy Sexton taught it was kind of cool. They said treat it like you're a linebacker and hit somebody,” they said. “You have to kind of have that bully mindset. I know nowadays that isn't a popular thing to say, but it's the truth.”
In their four years at Florida State, Coleman was a member of three ACC championship teams. Coleman played under legendary head coach Bobby Bowden and as so many have before, they said Coach Bowden seemed more concerned about developing great people than they were great players.
“Coach Bowden taught you how to live a certain lifestyle without cramming it down your throat. The way they talked to us was as if we were their son or grandson and not their employees,” Coleman said about their former head coach. “With Coach Bowden, it was more about winning the championship of life and not just a NCAA or ACC championship. I'm grateful for that opportunity, I just wish they were a little younger so my son could have that same opportunity.”
Coleman said they remain close to the Florida State program and their Alma mater. Over the last season and a half, the Florida State football program has been the recipient of less than favorable media coverage, but Coleman said that's nothing new.
“We get a lot of negative publicity because of the type of kids we recruit. I heard Coach Bowden say before that they didn't want country club kids. They wanted rednecks and they wanted inner-city guys because they knew that education would mean more to them and we were going to fight and be a scrappy bunch.
“He came in and instilled discipline in us and made us productive citizens and that's what Jimbo's (Fisher) doing now. When guys like that actively go into neighborhoods with people they look nothing alike, it helps break a barrier and ease the pain that some of us grew up in. As much as we like hearing about winners and the American way and people pulling themselves up by their bootstrap, they don't like hearing about some of us from middle America being able to do that.”
Coleman said they recalled incidents from their first-year student and sophomore years where seemingly minor events were exaggerated including one that forced Florida State's starting quarterback to miss the Sugar Bowl following the 2002 season.
“When Chris Rix overslept for their test, they made it seem like Coach Bowden had a lack of institutional control because one guy made one mistake and it wasn't even a big mistake. It was a university policy they put in years ago that's no longer even there,” Coleman said. “ESPN and some media outlets feed off of having a villain and in some of our better years, we would feed off that. When we played Florida, we had the fight in 2003 and when we jumped on the middle of the field, they said that was the reason we fought not looking at the fact that FSU for 15 years had jumped on the middle of the field.”
After graduating early from FSU in December of 2005 with a degree in Social Science, Coleman served a brief stint in the NFL with the New Orleans Saints. Coleman said they wanted to find a way to help the youth and has worked as a human performance trainer for the last eight years.
“It's a hard switch to be able to go from playing to not playing. Everyone has to hang up their cleats one day and it's about how you leverage your career,” Coleman said. “Coach Sexton always told me that I should be a coach. I just wanted to be around some kids and be able to help them out and I started coaching them and I liked it.”
Over the last four years, Coleman has been the co-owner of Godspeed Elite Sports in Jacksonville with business partner Lonnie Marts, who spent 10 seasons playing linebacker in the NFL and started in more than 100 career games.
“We tell kids all the time that I played at a big time program and they played at Tulane in the late '80s and it wasn't that big a program. They played 10-plus years in the NFL and I got a cup of coffee,” Coleman said. “It doesn't matter where you go, but how you make the most of your opportunity.”
Coleman was adamant that being a performance trainer is quite different from being a personal trainer.
“Personal trainers work at Gold's Gym and either they're really skinny or they look like meat-heads and I'm neither one of those,” Coleman said. “I deal mainly with treating the body and making it more athletic whether you're 8 or 88.”
Coleman said there is a wide range of customers that come into their gym from high school students looking to develop into college-level athletes to adults looking to get in better shape.
“With my athletes, they all want to get faster. We're in Florida, nobody recruits us because we're the biggest or strongest guys, they recruit us because we're the fastest guys. I work with a lot of technique on how to make people faster and more explosive.
“With adults, I work with posture doing things in similar ways which helps aid them in confidence. It's not about playing on ESPN or having all those things, it's about the confidence that gets instilled and being able to have a focus and be able to achieve a goal. It's injecting into them what was injected into me when I was at FSU, but now I'm being able to get paid for it.”
Coleman said Godspeed Elite will host 25 performance camps across the Southeastern United States this year. They said they have enjoyed seeing kids improve while working with them and for some, it's paid huge dividends.
“I like the interaction I have with the kids and them being able to pick it up,” Coleman said. “I've had 500 athletes from various sports go Division I and I've had 50 All-Americans out of that.”
In addition to being a former starter at Florida State and a business owner, Coleman is also a family man. He's been married to wife T.J., a tenant in the U.S. Army, for five years. The two have an 18-month-old son named Trey, who might just be the next member of the Coleman family to don the garnet and gold.
Follow former Florida State fullback James Coleman on Twitter @njoidaview.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi appeared confused in an interview this week about what kind of speech is protected by the U.S. Constitution.
“The Constitution does not say that a person can shout…yell ‘wolf' in a crowded theater. If you are endangering people, then you don't have a constitutional right to do that,” Pelosi said in an interview on Wednesday with San Francisco TV station KRON.
The Democrat seemingly meant to paraphrase an opinion written by Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. in the landmark free speech case, Schenck v. United States (1919).
“The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man falsely shouting fire in a theater and causing a panic,” Holmes wrote in their opinion.
Pelosi offered up the mixed metaphor after being asked about a request they made with the National Park Service to deny a permit to Patriot Prayer, a right-wing group that has plans to hold a rally at San Francisco's Crissy Field this weekend.
The National Park Service initially withheld the permit until Patriot Prayer's organizers agreed to certain conditions aimed at limiting the risk of violence at the event.
“My hope is the park service would not allow these elements to use a national park to spew forth their venom,” Pelosi said in the interview.
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Image credit: Deadline
In October last year, videogame voice actors and motion capture performers elected to go on strike after SAG-AFTRA, the union representing them, failed to reach a contract agreement with major publishers. Over 250 people thereafter picketed outside EA, and while incremental progress has been made since, only now has the ordeal been settled.
Speaking via the SAG-AFTRA website, union president Gabrielle Carteris stated its negotiating committee reached an agreement to end strike action against the 11 videogame companies last weekend.
As such, those affected were advised they are now "free to resume working for the companies that were struck on all titles effective immediately," after talks resolved two pivotal points of contention: transparency and secondary compensation.
"First, [the deal] instituted a new bonus structure that provides an additional payment to performers beyond their session fee," says Carteris. "The newly-bargained terms also include significant improvements in the area of transparency.
"This expanded information will empower performers and their representatives to bargain knowledgeably for compensation and to understand the nature of the performance that will be required, both of which have been a challenge for our members in an environment characterized by code names and secrecy. The National Board will vote on the contract at its October meeting. The new terms take effect upon ratification."
Head in this direction for more on the saga up to this point.
A few days after last season was over, I stopped by the Palace to sit down with Coach Stan before I headed out West for the summer. The moment I walked into our practice facility, it felt like nobody was even in the building. The court and our team room were cleaned out and the hallways were so quiet you could hear a dime drop on the other end. But as I got closer to Coach's office, I started to hear distinct voices.
“Drummond with the rebound.”
“Let's go De-troit!”
“Stanley Johnson with the pass.”
As soon as I walked around the corner into their office, there was Coach, hunched over in front of the television watching clips of game film from our first-round playoff series against the Cavs. For the first couple of seconds that I was in the room, they were glued to the TV. They didn't even make eye contact with me. They were focused on studying the game — our mistakes, their mistakes, everything that we could have done better. Coach was so locked in, it looked like they hadn't left their office since the series had ended. There were still notes and box scores from the playoffs sticking out at all angles from under the folders on their desk. Once they finally noticed me, we began to talk about my individual goals for the summer, as well as the direction we wanted the team to be headed going into the next season.
A couple of days later, I was on a flight back to California. As I looked out the window from 30,000 feet in the air, I was deep in thought as I kept going back over my conversation with Coach Stan. Their dedication and attention to detail was incredible. There are really no days off for that guy. I was so inspired that after my plane touched down and I got settled in, I decided to watch some film. I wound up watching every game, from preseason through the playoffs.
There was one game — and one play in particular — that stood out to me.
We were up 26–25 near the end of the first quarter of Game 4 of our first-round series against the Cavaliers. I was at the top of the key with the rock in my hands. Richard Jefferson had switched on a screen, so Kevin Love was my new defender. They were playing me a bit to my left, and with the clock winding down and Iman Shumpert playing the lane, driving to the basket was out the question. So I went for the next big thing — my jump shot. This worked in my favor, because the first thing I noticed about Kevin's positioning was that they were on their heels, shuffling.
So I took a few beats to get ready.
One dribble.
Two dribbles.
Three dribbles.
Love was shuffling their feet and backing off slightly, so there was about six to seven feet of space between us. I knew exactly what to do — pull-up jumper.
Bucket. Got Him.
See, some people think of basketball as a free-flowing game, but everything changed for me when I started to think of it as more of a constantly changing puzzle. The more I watched that specific play, the more I found myself thinking of matchups and spaces on the floor in terms of distances and angles. Estimating how far a defender is from me, as well as how far they are from the hoop, dictates what I'm going to do. Whether I drive, shoot a jumper or pass, everything depends on how well I read the floor –– how well I gauge the positioning of my defender and how it will affect the angle I can take to the basket.
That element of court awareness goes unnoticed by many players, especially by rookies transitioning to their second year in the league. But that clip changed everything for me. I wanted my court awareness to be second nature. But I knew that if I wanted that to happen, I needed to push myself to get better. A lot better.
For NBA players, summers are critical — especially for rookies and second-year players. So I didn't want to waste no time. The gym was calling.
It didn't matter if I was winning the championship in the Drew League or doing two-a-days in Orange County with my hometown coaches. If a gym was open I was in there breaking my game down to the basics. Whether it was my shooting mechanics (with both hands), learning defensive principles or watching hours of game film, there wasn't a facet of my game that I didn't work on improving. But the one part of the game I worked on most was my court awareness.
In this league, your ability to use your IQ is critical. You have to be able to read the floor on offense and defense, be aware of mismatches and figure out how to expose them to the best of your ability. Take Kobe. On offense, they recognized mismatches and found holes in defenses, and used what they saw to choose which side of the court they wanted to operate on. But, that's just the offensive side. On defense, Kevin Garnett's intuition was uncanny. The instant a team got into its offense, it was like they already knew the play they were going to run. They would call out screens and open men, and then direct their teammates to those spots on the court. The ability to see the whole –– not just what's in front of you — is what distinguishes a great player from an average one.
And I don't want to just be average.
Court awareness — having the ability to recognize defensive schemes and anticipate offensive opportunities — is very analytical, but in many ways it's also similar to how an artist visualizes a painting before putting a brush to the canvas.
Before they start to work artists visualize everything, from the images they're going to depict to the color of paint they're going to use. And being on the court — especially with the ball in your hands — it's the same way. When a team is running a certain type of zone defense, you are recognizing the weak spots and planning how to take advantage of them. Same with defense. If a player is scoring from one side of the floor, you have to identify the right defensive position to stop him. It's all about having a vision and creating an opportunity out of the situation that's in front of you.
So I made sure during my workouts last summer that my trainers threw every possible situation my way to prepare me for what I would see this season.
My trainer, Shea Frazee, and some guys in the gym would run defensive coverages and I would have to read and anticipate what was going to happen. If they threw man-to-man defense at me, and my man was guarding me to my left, I had to estimate right away how far they were from the basket and decide whether I needed to either drive at the defender or pump-fake and get them out of position so that I could drive to the right. The game became all about angles for me. It got to the point where that sort of decision-making became automatic. Shea threw everything at me, but it wasn't long before I was solving the coverages like a puzzle.
It was all a learning process, and my time in Las Vegas with the U.S. men's select team in mid-July was like going to graduate school.
The select team's job was to scrimmage against the men's national team in advance of the Rio Olympics. Day in and day out, I was competing against some of the best pros in the game, and playing with some of the most talented young players in our sport. So it was no surprise how competitive everyone was during practice. At any given moment, I would find myself guarding one of the league's best forwards.
Carmelo Anthony.
Draymond Green.
Jabari Parker.
It was all a learning process, and my time in Las Vegas with the U.S. men's select team in mid-July was like going to graduate school.
The list goes on. And playing with all those guys made me realize even more just how important it is to see the whole floor, especially for a forward. Every chance I got, I was asking Melo and Draymond for advice. Draymond would show me some of their best pick-and-pop spots on the floor while Melo would talk to me about how they get people involved while also creating opportunities for himself. But I may have benefitted the most from watching the way Coach Popovich ran theirs system.
On their Spurs teams, the power forward is considered the coach on the floor. Take Tim Duncan, for example. When they had the ball in their hands, their ability to dictate the offense and control the pace of the game was far beyond what you'd normally see from a forward. They could see which spots were open on the floor for San Antonio's guards to attack from. But Duncan's greatest skill, was their ability to be a vocal leader. And playing for Coach Pop, that's a skill you need to possess. People tend to overlook that about their genius: He's a top-notch communicator.
They always stress that element of the game as an important key to being productive on the court. And at any moment during practice in Vegas, and especially during the live scrimmages, you could hear Coach Popovich yelling from the sidelines:
“Talk to each other!”
“Call out your man!”
“What defense are we running?”
Most of the time, they were one of the loudest people on the floor. It was awesome to experience, and it helped me to realize that I still have a ton of work to do.
The way I see it, this season really comes down to one thing.
Accountability.
After we were swept out of the playoffs last April, I remember the walk back to the locker room. I remember the faces of our fans at the Palace. The memory of being in our locker room with everybody's head down sulking is something I'll never forget. We had each gone through a strenuous summer of workouts, and then fought tooth and nail during the regular season to make the playoffs and grab the No. 8 seed — only to get swept. It was a tough pill to swallow.
But it didn't burn till we saw the Cavaliers raise the Larry O'Brien trophy, and then watched the parade coverage and the fans of Cleveland embracing a historic moment. That moment is what we want for the fans of Detroit. It's been 12 years since the Pistons raised a banner in Auburn Hills. Fans here are itching for that feeling again, and I honestly feel this team can give it to them.
We've embraced that playoff series loss, and it has sparked a fire in all of us. To put it simply, getting swept was totally unacceptable. It's funny, you always hear guys say that making it to the playoffs — or getting out the first round — is a team objective.
Like that's it? That's all you want to do? Just getting a taste of the playoffs is satisfying? I can't speak for anybody else, but I can say this on behalf of my team: We want more.
Scratch that. We want it all.
The last thing on our mind is being pretty good. We want the O'Brien Trophy. We want everyone to understand that this franchise can run with the best of them.
To do that, we need to be consistent. We can't have nights where we are tired or not putting forth our best effort. Every time we step on the court, we have to play with a playoff mentality. All 82-games. It has to be do-or-die every night.
We are a matchup terror for any team in the NBA. But it won't matter if we don't give our best effort. There were many nights last season when we were losing to .500 teams because of the level of our effort. We can't have hiccups like that this year. If we give our best effort and get blown out, I can accept that. But losing because we don't get back on D, or because we aren't executing on offense … that's a major problem.
So, yeah, it's all about accountability.
And it started this summer with our core players taking the reins. Reggie Jackson, Marcus Morris, Tobias Harris and Andre Drummond have all been in the gym challenging each other — but most of all challenging themselves. Take Dre and their foul shooting, for example. They practiced it all summer, and if they make three to five more free throws per game that will only make us better. But he's not the only one. Whether it's Tobias working on their post game, KCP working on their touch behind the arc or even the rookies challenging the vets, it's clear that everyone has the same mentality this season.
That mentality is: Do everything you can to help us win.
Scratch that. Win big.
Witnesses say the woman who was killed after being thrown from a roller coaster in Texas was concerned that their lap restraint didn't work. NBC's Charles Hadlock reports.
The investigation of the death of a woman on a roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas will be led by Six Flags itself, because there's no state or federal agency responsible for enforcing the safety of amusement parks.
Rosy Ayala-Goana of Dallas died Friday night when they fell from the Texas Giant, which is billed as the world's steepest wooden roller coaster.
Six Flags initially said in a statement that it was "working with authorities" to figure out what happened. But it later had to admit that it was running the investigation itself because there are no authorities to work with.
No federal agency has legal authority to enforce safety standards. And Texas is one of at least 17 states that have no agency responsible for inspecting amusement park rides, according to NBC News' survey of state codes in all 50 states.
While they were previously in the House, Sen. Ed Markey, D-Mass., introduced legislation every congressional session to establish federal regulation of amusement park rides beginning in 1999. But the measure never passed.
Markey renewed their call Sunday for federal regulation of "roller coasters that hurtle riders at extreme speeds along precipitous drops."
"A baby stroller is subject to tougher federal regulation than a roller coaster carrying a child in excess of 100 miles per hour," Markey said in a statement. "This is a mistake."
The Texas Giant, a 14-story-high, 4,900-feet-long roller coaster that is among the premier attractions at the park in Arlington, Texas, remains closed until Six Flags concludes its investigation, a park spokesperson said. The park gave no timetable for reporting any information.
Nadine Kelley, who had been waiting in line for the ride Friday night, told NBC 5 of Dallas that riders who were sitting behind the woman said that "right when they came down off the first bump and hit that first turn, they flew out."
The woman was accompanied by two children, who were "hysterical," Kelley said. "They were saying that their mother flew out of the car."
"It was sad. It was very sad," they said. "We kept telling them to let them out because they were hysterical. The daughter and the son said, 'We have to go get my mom. We have to go get my mom.' We were kind of in disbelief, and we just said a prayer for her."
Alfred Cannon, Ayala-Goana's next-door neighbor, said Ayala-Goana was "an incredible mother to those kids."
NBCDFW: Neighbors recall woman who died on Six Flags coaster
Texas: Safety certificate 'not an endorsement' of safety
The Texas Giant is what's called a "super hybrid" — a roller coaster with traditional wooden components that rides on steel tracks.
"This track allows us to do much more with a wooden structure: steeper drops, steeper banks," Fred Grubb, president of Rocky Mountain Construction of Hayden, Idaho, said after their company rebuilt the ride two years ago.
The rebuilding deepened the ride's first drop to 79 degrees and banked several of its turns beyond 95 degrees, with one reaching 115 degrees, Grubb told Funworld, the magazine of the International Association for Amusement Parks and Attractions.
An independent inspection of the new ride would have been conducted by the Texas Insurance Department. But the department won't be part of the death investigation because the park's insurance isn't in question.
That's the case even though the Amusement Safety Organization, based in Montecito, Calif., had previously recorded four "significant injuries" on the ride this year, after having recorded seven last year. Nearly all were for whiplash-like neck injuries, it said.
Meanwhile, federal oversight and statistics on amusement park safety are almost nonexistent.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Safety Council both cite amusement park safety standards set by the American Society for Testing and Materials, but those standards are voluntary.
In Texas, the Insurance Department is responsible for setting regulations for amusement park rides. It requires an annual safety inspection certifying that ride meets ASTM standards. Texas law specifies that the inspection must be carried out by an inspector hired by the insurance company — not by any government authority.
To drive home the point that Texas isn't responsible for the safety of any roller coaster, the Insurance Department states: "Recognition by the Department that the amusement ride has satisfied these standards is not an endorsement by the Department or a statement regarding the safe operation of the amusement ride."
"There's absolutely no federal oversight, no state investigative oversight or any local investigative oversight," Ken Martin, an independent inspector and consultant on amusement park rides from Richmond, Va., told NBC News.
"It sounds like the fox guarding the henhouse to me," Martin said.
As of December, eight states required no permits or inspections for amusement park rides, according to a survey of state codes in all 50 states by NBC News:
Alabama
Mississippi
Montana
South Dakota
Utah
Vermont
West Virginia
Wyoming
In addition to Texas, six states accepted inspections from park-employed or -contracted inspectors or park insurance companies:
Florida doesn't inspect permanent facilities that employ 1,000 or more full-time employees and maintain their own safety inspectors.
Minnesota allows inspections by inspectors contracted by the park or by the State Agricultural Society.
Charles Hadlock of NBC News contributed to this report.
This story was originally published on
Bryan Cranston is "mad".
In fact, he's "so mad" with a mother in the US, they tweeted: "I'm burning my Florida mom action figure in protest."
It's their petition - aimed at the shop Toys R Us - that has got the Breaking Bad actor fuming.
Susan Schrivjer is calling for the toy retailer to remove all the Breaking Bad character action figures from sale in store and online, because they are a "dangerous deviation from their family friendly values".
They say the figures, some of which come with "a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth" are not suitable to be sold alongside "Barbie dolls and Disney characters".
In response to all the press attention their campaign has received, Cranston, who played Walter White in award-winning drama, tweeted their own message of "protest".
Since the petition got notice, Toys R Us appears to have removed the Breaking Bad dolls from sale on their US website.
They were priced at $17.99 (£11.10).
However, some of the figures, including a couple of White's sidekick Jesse Pinkman, are still appearing in the "trending" and "recommended for you" parts of the site.
In a statement sent to Newsbeat, Toys R Us said: "We carry a variety of fictional character action figures, including those for our collector customers.
"The products you reference are carried in very limited quantities in the adult action figure area of our stores."
In a US statement, they also said that the Breaking Bad packaging "clearly notes that the items are intended for ages 15 and up".
Schrivjer, who used the surname Myers to launch their petition online, has received more than 5,000 signatures of support so far.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
The Constitution outlines a system of procedural justice in which we are all to receive equal treatment under the law. Those taking an oath to support and defend the Constitution accept an implicit duty to apply the standards of the Constitution impartially. The standards apply to friend and foe alike. At West Point, we memorized something called Worth's Battalion Orders, which states: "But an officer on duty knows no one. To be partial is to dishonor both themselves and the object of their ill-advised favor…. Look at them who winks at and overlooks offenses in one, which they cause to be punished in another, and contrast them with the inflexible soldier who does their duty faithfully, notwithstanding it occasionally wars with their private feelings. The conduct of one will be venerated and emulated, the other detested as a satire upon … honor."
“It's a tragedy that serious thoughtful proposals to shore up a major weakness in the financial system and protect American taxpayers from the potential need to bail out this industry can't even receive public comment and debate,” Ms. Schapiro said in an interview.
Until the financial crisis, money market funds were considered a dull, low-return corner of the markets. But now, most of the nation's top financial regulators view the sector as one of the most vulnerable parts of the American financial system.
The Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department , which supported Ms. Schapiro's plan, had been preparing for the possibility that the financial industry might prevail in stopping the S.E.C. regulations. The officials have discussed the possibility of using new powers to move regulation of money market funds to the Federal Reserve, according to people with knowledge of their thinking.
Ms. Schapiro said they would now support efforts by other regulators to force reform on the industry.
“The issue is too important to investors, to our economy and to taxpayers to put our head in the sand and wish it away,” Ms. Schapiro said.
Officials have not used the new powers that were delegated to a body of top regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, by the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulation law. It is unclear what they could mandate and how long the process would take.
Ms. Schapiro had the support of one of the S.E.C.'s two Democratic commissioners, Elisse B. Walter. But Mr. Aguilar, who was formerly the general counsel for Invesco, an asset manager that operates money market funds, said on Wednesday that Ms. Schapiro and the S.E.C. staff had not adequately studied the issue before pushing for a vote.
“There's a lot that we know we don't know,” said Mr. Aguilar, who had not talked about their views publicly for months. “It would make sense for us to get a handle on those before we do a proposal.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of the Republican commissioners who had previously stated their opposition to Ms. Shapiro's proposal, Daniel M. Gallagher, said on Wednesday that Ms. Schapiro and the S.E.C. staff had been unwilling to consider alternatives that they and others presented.
Ms. Schapiro said that they had seriously considered numerous proposals since the financial crisis, but had eventually decided it was time to act.
“This has been a very thoughtful and deliberative process that's taken two and a half years,” Ms. Schapiro said. “When regulators identify problems and don't speak up, you get financial crises. That's why it was so important to speak up about this issue.”
Regulators view the funds as vulnerable because they act like banks by taking in money and promising to return every dollar that investors put in. Unlike banks, though, they do not have to pay deposit insurance or keep capital buffers to protect against defaults.
Photo
The funds, which provide short-term loans to banks and other borrowers, grew wildly over the last 30 years because they typically offered a higher return than bank accounts and at their peak held $3.8 trillion.
Most investors have used the funds like low-risk bank accounts from which money could be immediately withdrawn.
But in the financial crisis the vulnerability of the funds was laid bare. In September 2008, the Reserve Primary Fund suffered losses on $785 million of debt issued by Lehman Brothers and fell below $1 a share, known as “breaking the buck.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Investors fled the Reserve Primary Fund and a panic ensued in which they withdrew about $300 billion from money market funds in one week, contributing to the credit freeze that gripped global markets. The Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department stepped in to bail out the money market fund sector with a guarantee and a special loan facility.
The S.E.C. voted in 2010 to introduce several new rules aimed at making the funds more stable. The most significant change forced fund managers to hold more assets that could be easily sold for cash.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The financial industry has said in recent months that the 2010 rules were successful in improving the safety and soundness of the industry, making further reforms unnecessary.
But Ms. Schapiro and other regulators have frequently said that the 2010 rules were only a first step and that more significant changes are still needed. In late 2011, they presented two reforms that have remained at the center of their efforts since.
One would require the funds to stop pricing their shares at a stable $1 value and instead use a so-called floating net asset value. Critics of the $1 share value have said it leads investors to believe that the value of a fund's holdings don't fluctuate and that their money is guaranteed.
The other potential reform would require fund managers to put aside an insurance buffer of capital that could be used to absorb losses. This could also be combined with some restrictions on the amount of money that investors could withdraw.
Ms. Shapiro presented their reforms to the other four S.E.C. commissioners in June and had intended to hold a vote on Aug. 29 on whether to release the proposal for public comment. That would have come before a final vote on the rules.
Major fund managers including Fidelity, Federated and Charles Schwab have rallied allies to oppose Ms. Schapiro's proposal. An industry group, the Investment Company Institute , said the supporters include 67 regional chambers of commerce, 105 House members and 10 state treasurers.
To counter the lobbying, leaders of the nation's top financial regulatory agencies voted unanimously in July to support Ms. Schapiro's ideas. Since then, the heads of several regional Federal Reserve banks have spoken publicly about the need for action.
Advocates of reform have said it is urgently necessary because the measures used to rescue the funds in 2008 were outlawed by the Dodd-Frank law. If the funds faced a run, regulators have said that they would have no way of stopping it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Money market funds effectively are operating without a net,” Ms. Schapiro said.
Mr. Aguilar and Mr. Gallagher both said on Wednesday that they were not opposed to changes. But they said they worried that the rules proposed by Ms. Schapiro would cause many investors in the funds to immediately withdraw their money.
Mr. Gallagher said the process of the Federal Reserve assuming oversight of the funds would take too long and was a “false threat.”
A spokesperson for the Treasury Department said on Wednesday night that the funds still posed a risk to the financial system.
“This was a key source of stress during the financial crisis, and it must be addressed,” they said.
Major newspapers in Wisconsin have omitted key facts from their coverage of proposed state legislation to drug test people who receive certain government benefits -- including that such testing is extremely costly and that studies have found that people on assistance programs use drugs at lower rates than the general population.
Lawmakers in the Wisconsin State Assembly approved legislation on May 13 that would require drug screening for people who collect welfare checks and restrict what items food stamps can be spent on. The measures include three bills: one to drug tes tapplicants for unemployment benefits, another to drug test recipients of income support and food assistance, and a third to restrict Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP) purchases to "healthy foods" -- determined by the government -- and ban users from buying "crab, lobster, shrimp or any other shellfish." According to the Huffington Post, the legislation is similar to a proposal Gov. Scott Walker included in their state budget.
In their coverage of the proposed legislation, The Wisconsin State Journal, The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, and the Green Bay Press Gazette all omitted key context about how similar drug testing requirements enacted in other states turned out to be expensive and were strongly opposed by experts in the scientific, medical, and substance abuse fields.
According to a February 26 report from ThinkProgress that analyzed seven states with similar programs, states that have implemented such measures "are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to ferret out very few drug users." Although states have "collectively spent nearly $1 million on the effort," the report found that the tests have turned up relatively littleevidence of substance abuse: "The statistics show that applicants actually test positive at a lower rate than the drug use of the general population. The national drug use rate is 9.4 percent. In these states, however, the rate of positive drug tests to total welfare applicants ranges from 0.002 percent to 8.3 percent, but all except one have a rate below 1 percent."
And according to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), "science and medical experts overwhelming oppose the drug testing of welfare recipients." Pointing to a statement from the Center for Addiction and Mental Health, the ACLU explained that laws requiring drug testing for welfare recipients only serve to reinforce the stigma around needing such benefits. The list of organizations opposed is long, and includes the following:
Vandals in Venice defaced a memorial to Vietnam War veterans who were Prisoners Of War (POW) or who never returned home because Missing In Action (MIA).
The culprits behind the vandalism are unknown.
According to CBS Los Angeles, the vandalism–consisting of spray-paint placed over the names of this POW or MIA–stretches for “about one hundred feet.” The paint covers hundreds of names of those lost during the war.
Venice Chamber of Commerce chairperson George Francisco responded to the vandalism by saying the graffiti is “a desecration.” Francisco said, “I've known the sacrifice these people made in an incredible unpopular war. [And] to continue the mistreatment of Vietnam veterans is somewhat shocking; somewhat shocking and quite sad.”
Francisco worked to bring a replica of the Washington DC Vietnam War Memorial to Venice in March. Their father was a combat vet in the war.
Above the paint, the memorial's words still appear: “You Are Not Forgotten. 2,273 POW/MIAs Still Unaccounted for in Southeast Asia.”
The LAPD says it “is not actively investigating” the vandalism.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
The No. 7 Florida Gators (15-2, 4-0 SEC) escaped with a 68-61 road victory against the Auburn Tigers (8-7, 0-4 SEC) on Saturday afternoon at Auburn Arena in Auburn, AL, improving to 7-2 in single-digit decisions this season.
The Gators won their ninth-straight game and picked up a win for the 14th time in their last 15 contests. OnlyGators.com breaks it down with eight quick-hitters:
It was over when: Florida senior point guard Scottie Wilbekin, with less than 90 seconds to play and their team leading by one, hit a step-back jumper to give the Gators some breathing room. On the next two offensive possessions, Wilbekin struggled at the line but still drained two of four free throws to boost their team's advantage to five points. They wrapped things up with 16 points (2-for-2 from downtown, 6-for-8 from the charity stripe), three boards and a dime. The Tigers never scored again.
“I was happy they put some pressure at the basket,” said head coach Billy Donovan after the game. “He made a tough shot in the lane.”
Prominent players: Returning from a bone bruise on their knee that forced them to miss two games, senior forward Casey Prather went off, scoring a game-high 21 points on 8-of-10 shooting. They hit 5-of-7 free throws and grabbed six boards with an assist and steal rounding out their stat line on the afternoon.
“I didn't really know what to expect out of him,” Donovan said. “[Limited minutes] went out the window at the half when they had 16. They were clearly going to play a lot more minutes – they played so well. I'm not so sure, if they were hurt again this game, if this was a game we could've pulled out.”
Senior center Patric Young was ineffective in the first half but came on strong in the latter 20 minutes, finishing with 13 points and six boards. They went 5-for-8 from the floor and registered two big blocks including one with 25 seconds to play and their team only leading by four points at the time.
Check out the second half of The Fastbreak after the…break.
First half focus: A 14-1 run, including eight points by Prather, stretched Florida's first half lead to 23-10 with 8:48 to go until the break. However, Auburn responded with a 14-0 stretch – including seven free throws and two three-pointers – over just 2:40 to retake the lead. The Tigers outscored the Gators 18-6 over the final 4:32, but UF led by one.
Perfect plays: On consecutive defensive stands early in the second half, senior F Will Yegeute blocked a dunk with the shot clock winding down and took a big charge to create a turnover. Yeguete got better elevation on the former play than they had previously this season, which is good news for Florida going forward.
Standout stat: The Gators once again struggled to defend an opponent at the three-point line. The Tigers hit six-straight threes to open the game and finished 7-of-13, mostly because Auburn was forcing triples late in the contest.
Strange situations: Four different Florida players air-balled shots on Saturday including Yeguete (hook), sophomore guard Michael Frazier III (three), redshirt sophomore F Dorian Finney-Smith (three) and first-year student point guard Kasey Hill (floater). Frazier in particular had a bad day overall, finishing scoreless (0-for-2) with two turnovers and three fouls while playing poor perimeter defense. UF also committed four kick-balls on the afternoon, an unimportant but nevertheless weird occurrence.
What it means: The Gators once again pulled off a tight single-digit victory on the road, improving to 3-2 in true road contests and 7-2 in close games this season.
We've covered art mod series Radiator before, both first part Polaris and the second Handle With Care. Because we are all about the art-wank. Or wanking generally, in my case. However, some people are less into splendid art-ejaculate, and Robert Yang writes about their responses over in this week's Escapist. Of course, their problem isn't pretension or even iffy Half-life-two-level design. It's because you were “tricked” into playing a gay protagonist…
You might have, as some players did, invented a female persona for your player character and assumed it was the same young “lady” dating Dylan from my previous mod, “Polaris.” And then you would find out, whether from seeing the name “James” so often or from reading forum posts – that I had managed to “trick” you into playing as a homosexual male.
Perhaps that made you angry enough to go to my website and, with the proud honor of being the first to post a comment on my work, you may have hastily written the following post: “Re relese [sic] the game without the GAY!”
Their response, quite reasonably, is to tell them to sling their hook. There's lots more in the article, which is an interesting examination of how even negligible homosexual content creates a disproportionately homophobic response.
Separate from the main topic, I admit one bit really disturbed me…
It is two months ago, when an editor at The Escapist suggested that readers might not fully appreciate my game design analysis of OkCupid in “Grinding the Dating Scene” if references to my preference for dudes stayed in the article. I agreed and changed it.
I mean, I understand the reasoning, but I'm deeply saddened by it.
Not much more to say than that, really.
Pah.
The FBI has opened an investigation into Uber over its “Hell” program, which the company allegedly used to track Lyft drivers from 2014 to 2016, according to The Wall Street Journal. The probe is being led by the FBI's New York office in conjunction with the Manhattan US attorney's office, the latter of which was already investigating Uber's “anticompetitive strategies” since 2016, according to the report.
“We are cooperating with the investigation,” an Uber spokesperson tells The Verge. The company declined to offer any further comment.
One of Hell's main schemes involved Uber creating fake rider accounts on Lyft, according to a report published in The Information in April. It then used those accounts as a window into its rival service, where it monitored how many Lyft drivers were available in certain areas at certain times. Armed with that information, Uber would fill apparent gaps in Lyft's coverage in real time. The software got its name because of the way it mirrored Uber's “God view,” or, later, “Heaven view,” which employees used to track the company's own drivers and riders.
It's not the only investigation Uber's newly minted CEO has to deal with
Another part of the program was used to identify drivers who used both Lyft and Uber. Uber reportedly used that information to target these drivers with incentives to lure them away from Lyft. The company reportedly discontinued the use of Hell in 2016.
Earlier this year, a former Lyft driver filed a class action lawsuit against Uber over its use of the Hell. The suit alleged that Uber's secretive tracking program violated various privacy and communications acts, but it was ultimately dismissed last month.
The investigation into Hell is not the only one Uber's newly minted CEO has to worry about. In May it was reported that the US Justice Department opened a criminal probe into the company for its use of “Greyball,” software that allowed it to evade local regulators in towns where the company wasn't licensed to operate. The Justice Department is also investigating whether Uber violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
Update September 8th, 10:26AM ET: Added comment from Uber spokesperson.
INDIANAPOLIS -- And yet again, news about this city's greatest sporting icon has forced Super Bowl XLVI to take a back seat.
QB Peyton Manning has been cleared to resume their NFL career by the doctor who performed their neck fusion surgery in September, but the future of the Colts star quarterback remains in limbo.
Manning still hasn't been cleared by Colts doctors, beyond the clearance weeks ago to throw and increase the intensity of their rehabilitation. It is unclear when Manning will be checked again by Colts doctors.
Late Thursday night, Colts owner Jim Irsay posted on their Twitter page, "Peyton has not passed our physical nor has they been cleared to play for The Indianapolis Colts. Team statement coming on Friday."
Nonetheless, Manning recently was cleared by Los Angeles-based specialist Robert Watkins, according to a person with knowledge of the situation who is not authorized to speak. Watkins and Colts neurosurgeon Hank Feuer cleared Manning in December to throw and engage in more aggressive rehabilitation.
"If you were my own son, I'd tell (you) to go play," Feuer told the four-time MVP, per an ESPN report.
Manning missed the entire 2011 season after getting the procedure done by Watkins, their third surgery in a 19-month span. Manning is due a $28 million bonus from the Colts next month, a decision node that could dictate whether they have a future with a team expected to select Stanford QB Andrew Luck with the first pick of the 2012 draft.
"I don't know what's going to happen with Peyton. I know they are rehabbing," Giants QB Eli Manning, Peyton's younger brother, said Thursday. "He is going to try to get better. I know they want to continue to play football, if that's an option. The No. 1 priority for them is to get a 100%. Until they get to that position, it's tough to say what is going to happen."
Watkins' latest examination of the 14-year veteran reportedly revealed that their neck is structurally sound enough to play in an NFL game, though Manning's famous rocket right arm may not have the requisite nerve regeneration for them to attain their lofty level of play for several more weeks.
Manning was said to have a throwing session with Colts WRs Anthony Gonzalez and Blair White on Tuesday, the same day Manning refuted a report they would be forced to retire and that they instead fully planned to play in 2012.
Colts owner Jim Irsay didn't want to reveal any timetable Wednesday as to when they plan to decide Manning's future in Indianapolis, the place where Manning was drafted first overall in 1998.
"We'll definitely sit down and talk after the Super Bowl," Irsay said. "We've talked already. In terms of a timeline, I don't see that being a factor. I think it's something that I would imagine would go into early March in terms of us having a conversation.
"It's a serious medical thing. It's a very complicated medical issue. ... One of the things is you just haven't seen this in an NFL quarterback at all. When you try to consult doctors literally worldwide in terms of what are the expectations, what are the dangers, the risks, the aspects of coming back from it, no one can give you a definitive answer."
Irsay said their decision will boil down to their comfort with Manning's safety and the level of performance they reclaim.
"I've said from the beginning that it is a two-phase medical aspect," they said. "It is, can they return to play at a really high level, with what their expectations are? That is the only level that they want to be. Can they drill it in Foxborough in January when it's 10 degrees outside for 50 yards? Are they going to be back to the Hall of Fame level that they expect to play at?
"I think the second issue has always been the health and the risk of going back onto the field. So I think there are two separate issues, and they are complicated issues. ... As the Super Bowl ends and we go into February and get into early March they and I will continue to talk about it and see where we are at."
Irsay did say they were 0pen to altering the March 8 deadline to pay the next bonus in Manning's contract. Regardless, they acknowledged the difficulty of the decision they face.
"I think it is emotionally draining on the fans, because no one wants to talk about reality or truth," they said. "It is better to think about the 'what ifs' and that sort of thing, so it is hard on the whole aspect of things.
"I think that, like I said before, my responsibility when we go in the locker room and open the day, and I know Peyton feels the same way as many of our great competitors that have been on our team as players, coaches or anything, my responsibility is to make sure that the circle is as strong as it can be to win. That is where the responsibility lies."
New Colts GM Ryan Grigson likely will be more instrumental in scouting Luck and Baylor's Robert Griffin III than determining Manning's future, but they said Thursday they have now met with their incumbent QB.
"We had a nice discussion and we spoke for 20 minutes or so," said Grigson. "I bumped into them later on, maybe a couple of days later or something, and it's been amicable. It's been a normal thing where we talk like regular guys, I felt. It was an open conversation, and I told them whatever I knew. To me, it was a straightforward man-to-man conversation."
New Colts OC Bruce Arians essentially confirmed that a new quarterback will be on the roster in 2012 yesterday.
"Hopefully Peytoncan come back and get ready to go," said Arians. "But, there will be a new quarterback and a new beginning. It's exciting."
Ironically, Luck was in Indianapolis on Thursday to do an event with Gatorade.
"You never really replace someone like that," Luck said of Manning. "He is such an iconic sports figure especially for this city, this area. From what I understand, he's done so many great things outside of football and in the community."
Could they fill such shoes?
"I haven't given it too much thought," Luck said. "I've got the combine, that's what's important to me right now. The combine, the draft, the pro day before that, that's what I'm focusing on."
Contributing: Jarrett Bell
Highly venomous yellow-bellied sea snakes are rarely spotted in the cold waters off California. But a dead one was found this week on a popular state beach in Southern California.
The specimen was discovered at Bolsa Chica State Beach, located just north of Huntington Beach, during a beach cleanup by the environmental group Surfrider Foundation. The species had only been seen in California two other times: once in October and once in the 1970s.
The snake, which has a bright yellow belly and a paddle-shaped tail, can stay underwater up to three hours between breaths. They can reach a length up to 35 inches in length.
Yellow-bellied sea snakes require warm water and normally inhabit tropical swaths of the Pacific and Indian Oceans. This rare sighting "could obviously be weather related," says Harvey Lillywhite, a sea snake expert at the University of Florida.
Lillywhite explains that the sea snakes (Pelamis platura) are one of few truly pelagic, or open ocean, sea snakes. They are somewhat common around Australia and Central America. But they occasionally drift up to colder latitudes on warm currents, particularly during strong El Niño years like this one.
Still, the waters off California generally remain too cold for the animals to breed there, says Lillywhite, so they can't become established. (See what happens when a sea snake battles a deadly stonefish.)
Sea snake expert and National Geographic explorer Zoltan Takacs says the species "is quite common in Central America, so currents washing them up to California—while apparently infrequent happenings—are not surprising."
Bolsa Chica State Beach is popular with surfers, drawing hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. But experts say there is no reason to fear going into the water.
Watch: Is eating venomous sea snakes a good idea?
"There's absolutely no reason to panic," Lillywhite adds. "When these animals are in their natural habitat they don't tend to be aggressive, they'll just swim away. If you pick them up they will tend to bite, but looking at them is probably fine."
Although sea snake venom is highly toxic, the animals have small mouths and they rarely bite people. If they do, they don't usually inject much venom in such "defensive bites," says Lillywhite. Their venom is more adapted to stun fish, their primary source of prey. (Learn more about the animals.)
If the snakes do wash up on a beach, they are at much more risk than beachgoers because they will often die, says Lillywhite.
Watch: Learn more about El Niño.
In day two of James Dobson's discussion with Richard Land on the state of America today that I mentioned earlier, Land let loose on the dangers of health care reform, guaranteeing that it'll fill the lives of everyone with pain and misery:
Land: I'm absolutely confident in saying this: ninety-nine percent of the people who are hearing me right now over the radio, if Obamacare is not rescinded, you will live a shorter life and it'll be more filled with pain and suffering before you die because they're not going to give you hip transplants, they're not going to give you knee transplants, and they're not going to give you other treatments as you go into old age.
Eventually, the topic turned to the vote in Iowa which removed three state Supreme Court justices, prompting Land to announce their desire to see constitutional amendment passed that would institute this process nationwide:
There is no post-war precedent for having a general election campaign already underway whilst the local elections take place. Living in a competitive ward myself, in a normally marginal seat, I'm feeling the seasonal love that an election brings, and being bombarded with the literature coming through the door. This Thursday will see local elections in some councils in England, throughout Scotland, and across all twenty-two local authorities in Wales. But which party will be flying the flag of victory come May 5th, and will this be a taste of things to come on June 8th?
Of course we can expect variations in the council elections because of particular local politics and the strengths or failings of different local parties. But there is no doubt that the national mood does and will influence the results we get in the local elections. The most striking recent example of this is the fate of many Liberal Democrat councillors between 2011-15; the national unpopularity of the party after it entered the coalition government translated into many hard-working local Liberal Democrats losing their council seats.
The national mood at present is defined by Conservative dominance. Though many still view them as “the nasty party” (a term coined fifteen years ago by the current Prime Minister), the reality is that the Tories currently face no serious or credible opposition outside of Scotland and Nicola Sturgeon's SNP. Jeremy Corbyn has not persuaded most people that they offer effective leadership, while the Liberal Democrats are only at the start of a long road back after their crushing defeat in the 2015 general election.
The strong position of the Conservatives, and the weakness of the other parties, was reflected in the recent Welsh Political Barometer poll. This pointed to significant Tory gains, and substantial Labour losses, in the general election. Something similar is also likely this Thursday. Colin Rallings and Michael Thrasher from the University of Plymouth have estimated council seat gains and losses based on the Barometer poll's question on local election voting intentions. This, they suggest, points to the following overall changes:
Labour: -130 seats
Conservatives: +90 seats
Plaid Cymru: +20 seats
Liberal Democrats: No change
Independents/Others: +20 seats
After last week's dismal polling results, suffering three-figure losses of councillors would be another body blow for Welsh Labour. And making substantial gains would be another huge boost to the Welsh Conservatives. In practice, I would be surprised if the Tories picked up quite this many seats – their performance in local elections in Wales in recent years has been distinctly patchy. I would also be surprised if the Liberal Democrats make no net gains at all.
However, even before the local election takes place, I can tell you who some of the winners will be. This isn't because I am psychic, but is because of the distressingly common phenomenon of uncontested seats.
Roughly eight percent of all the seats up for election in Wales have only one candidate. This is very similar to the proportion that were uncontested in 2012 – something which stood in stark contrast to Scotland, where there were no uncontested seats. The full list of uncontested seats that have thus already been won by each party is as follows:
Plaid Cymru: 28 (+6 on 2012)
Independents: 26 (-7)
Labour: 18 (+1)
Conservatives: 5 (+3)
Liberal Democrats: 1 (-1)
The pattern of who wins these uncontested seats is explained by where they are: heavily concentrated in rural mid and west Wales, with particularly large numbers in Gwynedd, Pembrokeshire and Powys. We see few uncontested seats in the more heavily populated parts of the country, by contrast: none at all in Cardiff, Newport, Swansea or Wrexham.
Why are there uncontested seats? The parties often have difficulty finding people who want to be candidates – a problem likely to be greater in more sparsely-populated parts of the country. To many people being a councillor looks like a thankless task, with little reward, that they are not willing to commit to.
More obvious is that we just have too many elected councillors in Wales. Wales has a population of a little more than three million compared to Scotland's of just over five and a quarter million. Yet Wales has more elected councillors: 1,271 here to Scotland's 1,219. That gives us roughly one elected council representative for every 2,360 of us, compared to around one for every 4,343 people in Scotland.
Scotland also has a strong advantage over Wales in that it uses the proportional STV system for its local elections. That means that every (multi-member) ward is competitive: everyone has something to fight for. In Wales, under a non-proportional system, we have lots of safe wards where parties are reluctant to fight if they are certain they will lose. There is a strong, and in my view compelling, argument for moving to STV for local elections in Wales.
Whoever ends up ‘winning' an uncontested council seat, the losers are the public and democracy.
NOTE: The April Welsh Political Barometer poll was conducted by YouGov for ITV-Cymru Wales and Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre. It had a sample of 1029 Welsh adults, with interviews being conducted via the internet between 19-21 April 2017.
Sydney Leathers — the woman whom horndog Anthony Weiner sexted as “Carlos Danger,” torpedoing their mayoral campaign in 2013 — has accused the pervy former pol of being up to their old tricks again, with yet another woman.
Leathers on Thursday posted a scathing review of the recent documentary “Weiner” — which covers the sexting scandal — on Beltway blog Washington Babylon, and in Leathers' “thumbs down” notice, they write that Weiner's “behavior will continue. In fact, I am certain their behavior continues to this day because a woman who claims to be one of their current sexting partners has reached out to me for advice.”
But Leathers — who in 2013 leaked their Weiner story — exclusively told Page Six she's advised the mystery woman not to go public.
“She was thinking about talking to press,” Leathers told us on Thursday. “I said, ‘You shouldn't do that,' which would surprise people … but it was like, ‘Look what happened to me. It will impact future employment, relationships with friends and families.'”
Leathers told us that the woman's correspondence with Weiner took place over Facebook and Skype. “Initially, I didn't believe it was legit,” Leathers told Page Six. But “It's their actual Facebook — and the [same] Facebook they used when they contacted me. This was the end of May. From what I gathered, they Skype. It's Anthony Weiner, he's not asking about the weather. [For me] they kept the vanilla stuff on Facebook and used ‘Carlos Danger' for the other stuff.”
Leathers added of being contacted by the other woman for advice: “I felt like an episode of ‘Catfish.' I made sure this girl's pictures and profile and the screenshot they showed me is their current Facebook profile.”
In their review of the film they write, “Watching Weiner practice an apology speech comes off about as authentic as my fake orgasms making a porno,” and, “Some people think I'm the loser in this situation, but the real loser is [Weiner's wife] Huma [Abedin].”
A Weiner rep declined to comment.
A 58-year-old homeless man has died following an assault at a housing estate in Kildare.
A 58-year-old homeless man has died following an assault at a housing estate in Kildare.
The victim, named locally as Patsy Kelly, was well known in the Kildare town.
Gardai are investigating whether they were assualted by a person known to them and who had been in their company shortly before the attack occurred.
Mr Kelly had been attempting to get a permanent home in the area in recent times.
Mr Kelly died following an incident which occurred at Sarto Park in Naas last night.
They were rushed to Naas General Hospital where they later died.
A 35-year-old man was arrested at the scene and is now currently detained at Naas Garda Station under Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act, 1984 as amended.
The scene is currently preserved and the Office of the State Pathologist was notified.
Gardai are appealing for witnesses or anyone who may have information to contact them in Naas Garda Station on 045 - 884300, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111 or any Garda station.
Online Editors
From CNN's Mallika Kapur
Chennai, India - Beaten with rods, belts and subjected to other forms of abuse, the bonded laborers toiled away in a tiny brick kiln in southern India day after day with little hope of freedom and escape.
But on a tip, officials from the government of Tamil Nadu state in India raided the kiln. What they found shocked them: More than 500 people living and working under a brutal and oppressive system.
"We worked all the time. We would only stop to eat," says 20-year-old Dambru Jani, who was rescued in the raid. "If we tried to rest, they'd abuse us and force us to work again."
Saju Mathew is the national director for the International Justice Mission, the human rights group that assisted the government with the raid. They said that even though India banned bonded labor in 1976, the practice of paying back a loan or advance with work, not money, still exists.
"The key thing you look for is, are they free?" says Mathew. "What you realize in bonded labor is that the owner decides when they eat, when they sleep, whether they are free to leave or not. All the terms of their life are now dictated by the owner."
In this instance, the laborers were given a cash advance of 10,000 rupees, or about $225, each. They were then taken hundreds of miles away from home to work at the brick kiln.
Which is where government official S. Kandaswamy, along with police authorities and the International Justice Mission, raided the kiln and took the owner by surprise. The raiders themselves were taken aback, too. Expecting to find around 200 people inside, they found instead more than 500, including women and children.
"More than 14 hours a day they are working," Kandaswamy said. "Sometimes, they are being beaten, and some harassment was noted by the laborers. No medical facilities. ... Bonded labor is against humanity, so it has to be curbed."
The owner of the brick kiln was held and released. The authorities have three months to file charges.
The government organized trucks to send the laborers to a school nearby, where they were given meals, police protection, medical treatment and counseling. They have also given a certificate of freedom and a thousand rupees, or about $25, which is the first installment of rehabilitation funds the government will provide.
Special trains were also organized which gave the freed workers a ticket home.
Part 2: CNN's Mallika Kapur travels to the workers' homes to see how they're coping after being rescued.
UK public meetings: Defend whistle-blower Edward Snowden!
The socialist answer to the assault on democratic rights
13 July 2013
US whistleblower Edward Snowden has revealed to the world the extent of the spying operations being conducted by the Obama administration and its intelligence agencies, with the collaboration of major corporations such as Microsoft, Apple, Google, YouTube and Facebook.
The phone records, Internet activity, emails and other electronic communications of tens of millions of people, in the US and internationally, are being systematically monitored, recorded and entered into vast databases. Amid a deepening global economic crisis, the financial aristocracy, terrified of the rising popular discontent over social inequality, mass unemployment and constant war, is establishing the framework for a police state.
Snowden, a 29-year-old former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, faces grave dangers for their courageous actions. American politicians, Democrat and Republican, are baying for their blood. The American media has joined the witch-hunt, with so-called liberal commentators denouncing them as a “traitor” and right-wing pundits calling for their execution.
Britain's Conservative/Liberal Democrat government and its Labour predecessor are complicit in the crimes exposed by Snowden. Snowden revealed that the UK's main electronic spying operation, the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) and the NSA record the content of phone calls, email messages, Facebook posts and browser histories via a programme called Tempora, in operation since 2008. The scale of such spying is almost unimaginable. Some 600 million “telephone events” are monitored by GCHQ each day.
Just as it aided and abetted the Obama administration's vendetta against Julian Assange for exposing US war crimes, Britain is now colluding with Washington in persecuting Snowden.
The Socialist Equality Party in the UK calls on the working class and young people in Britain and around the world to defend Edward Snowden. Like Assange and alleged whistleblower Bradley Manning, they are being persecuted for revealing the truth about the conspiracy against the democratic rights of working people. Support for them must be built up in workplaces, at universities and schools and in working-class areas.
The SEP meetings will explain that the only social force that can defeat the threat of dictatorship and secure the defence of Snowden and the democratic rights of all, is a mass political movement of the working class, fighting for an internationalist and socialist perspective to abolish the profit system.
Manchester
Wednesday, July 17, 7pm
Friends Meeting House (Room 1)
6 Mount Street (behind Central Library)
M2 5NS
Bradford
Tuesday, July 30, 7pm
Delius Art and Cultural Centre
29 Great Horton Road
BD7 1AA
London
Monday, August 5, 7pm
University London Union (Room 3D)
Malet Street
WC1E 7HY
(the nearest tube - Goodge Street)
Liverpool
Tuesday, August 6, 7pm
Fly In The Loaf pub (upstairs room)
13 Hardman Street
L1 9AS
Glasgow
Wednesday, August 7, 7pm
Partick Burgh Hall (Room 10)
Burgh Hall Street
G11 5LW
nigga-chan:
I literally need this all to be over
“White woman does terrible rendition of Japanese fashion and does it better than actual Japanese people” like literally title it what you mean and what the article is about omfg
Also I would like to note that Kyrary is not known for being “ridiculous” she's known for bright, cute styles and being very fun and quirky. I feel like they're trying to say” The Asian Lady Gaga isn't as crazy as the real Lady Gaga, but at least they tried right? Lol!”
“Somewhat tame”
fuck outta here
And then that “definition” of kawaii like who wrote this? a 2006 naruto die hard? wtf. “kawaii'd out of their mind” “kawaii was the type of cute Lady Gaga was bringing with this outfit” what
“japanophile”
so many things wrong here i cannot
The students are shocked to discover they've been given another motive so soon. In an effort to take their mind off things, Hachiro spends some Free Time with two students. As always, comments and critique are welcomed and encouraged! Enjoy the readFor anyone interested, this is the piece Rokuro is playing: www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkn4eB… ---
A Life of Deadly Despair
Chapter 4- Noxious Despair
Part 2
You're about to turn around and leave, having waited for ten minutes, when Monokuma appears on their podium.
“Good morning students,” they say cheerily, their red eye piercing into you. “Did you have a chance to explore?”
“You know we did,” Akiko says flatly, sighing quietly. “Just tell us what you want, alright?”
Monokuma's grin widens as they look at Akiko. “We'll get to that in a moment,” they say, turning their gaze to Miho, Hikari, and yourself. “First, let's talk about what we found on the new floor, shall we?”
“What do you mean,” Miho asks, raising an eyebrow at the bear. “You mean the folder?”
“If that's what you feel is important,” Monokuma replies, cackling to himself. “By all means, share with the rest of the class!”
Rolling their eyes, Miho shows the folder to everyone. They reread it aloud, showing everyone the picture. The students gasp in disbelief, refusing to accept the words contained within.
“That's right,” Monokuma says, nodding and grinning to himself. “Not only is one of you a traitor. Oh no, one of you is a terrorist as well!”
“Tch,” Yoshi says, scratching their nose as they glare at Monokuma. “Do you honestly expect us to believe that? We've never even heard of Ultimate Despair!”
You're about to open your mouth, wanting to say it sounds familiar to you, when Mayumi clears their throat nervously.
“N-no,” they stammer, twisting their braid as usual. “I-I've heard of them b-before.”
Akinobu, looking shocked, turns to face Mayumi. “What do you mean,” they demand, eyeing them like a hawk. “Where have you heard of them before?”
“Th-there's a f-file in the library,” they say, staring down at the floor. “W-well there are multiple f-files. But a-apparently Ultimate Despair is a group a-aiming to send the w-world into a-anarchy.”
“Isn't that just wonderful,” Monokuma says dreamily, staring off into space. “Imagine. A group like that, spreading sweet, sweet despair worldwide.” Monokuma sighs, looking back at the group.
“Is that why you summoned us,” Hikari asks, seeming suspicious. “May we go now?”
“Oh no,” Monokuma answers, shaking their head. “That was just an interesting tidbit of information.”
“Then why are we here,” Rokuro asks, their voice wavering nervously.
“Why, for your motive of course,” Monokuma says, grinning to himself. Once again, they look at you, Hikari and Miho. “What else did you find on the new floor?”
“You mean that stuff in the chem lab,” you ask, scratching your head. “What about it?”
“Oh no,” Hikari says, swallowing hard as Monokuma nods to himself. “Don't tell me-“
“That's right,” Monokuma interrupts, cackling wildly.
“Dude, what's they talking about,” Olivier asks through Antoine. “What did you find up there?”
“They found the new motive,” Monokuma replies, clapping gleefully. “In the chem lab, there's a locked fume hood. Just what was in there, I wonder?”
“Some chemical,” you say, shrugging. “How exactly is that a motive?”
“It's poison,” Hikari says dourly, exhaling slowly. “My suspicions were correct. That was poison in the chem lab, wasn't it?”
“Yup yup yup,” Monokuma cackles, their red eye gleaming. “Inside that fume hood, I placed a slow acting neurotoxin!”
“So what,” Akiko says, raising an eyebrow. “If it's in a fume hood, then we're okay. They're designed to contain noxious chemical vapors.”
“Oh no, not this one,” Monokuma replies, shaking their head. “The exhaust system for this particular hood is connected to the air vents! Any vapors released are now flowing throughout the school, slowly killing you all off.”
With that, everyone starts to panic. Miho grabs their scarf and covers their mouth with it, looking frantic, but the others aren't as lucky. They all cover their mouths with their hands, trying desperately to hold their breath.
“Now, now,” Monokuma says, shaking their head. “Don't panic! Well, not yet anyway. You guys have about two days until the poison kills you. And since I'm so nice, I'll even help you all out!”
“Let me guess,” Yoshi says, folding their arms over their chest. They refuse to look at Monokuma as they speak. “If someone commits a murder before then, you'll stop poisoning us?”
“I'll do you one better,” Monokuma answers, cackling to himself. “If a murder occurs within the next two days, I'll pump the antidote through the vents!”
Without another word, Monokuma disappears, leaving the rest of you in shock. You scan everyone's face, and they all seem equally worried. Instinctively, you turn to Akinobu, your newfound leader.
“What do we do,” you ask, looking at them nervously. They close their eyes to think, taking deep, slow breaths.
“Akiko,” Akinobu says, opening their eyes and looking to them “What do you know about neurotoxins?”
“Umm,” Akiko says, clearing their throat. They rub their temples slowly as they try to think. “Well, they work by blocking synaptic communications, which stops the flow of neurotransmitters.”
“In English,” Akinobu sighs, shaking their head. “We're not all Ultimate Chemists like you, so try to dumb it down.” They flash their smile, trying to reassure everyone that they have everything under control.
“Right,” Akiko nods, closing their eyes. “Basically, they stop signals from flowing in your body. Most of them cause seizures or respiratory failure.”
“Can you cook up an antidote,” they ask, raising an eyebrow at them
Akiko takes a deep breath, trying to remain calm. “I don't know,” they say, sounding unsure of herself. “Without knowing the chemical makeup, I can't know what I'm working with.”
They look around at everyone. Everyone seems on edge, their eyes darting around, trying to think of something. “I… I can try,” they say after a long pause, sighing. “If you guys need me, I'll be in the chem lab.”
Akinobu nods as they leave the gym, turning their attention back to everyone else. “I know this seems bad,” they say, running their hand through their hair. “But we need to work together, okay? If we all stay calm, we can get through this.”
“R-right,” Mayumi agrees, nodding to herself. “I-in video games, the s-solution is always presented wh-when it's needed m-most.”
“Dude, she's the Ultimate Chemist for a reason,” Olivier says, making Antoine nod their wooden head. “If anyone can save us, it's her.”
Most of the group doesn't seem entirely convinced, but nobody questions it. Slowly, students trickle out of the gymnasium one by one until it's just you and Rokuro. They look really on edge, fidgeting with their skull necklace as they bite theirs lip.
“Hey Rokuro, follow me,” you say, knowing exactly how to cheer them up. “There's something on the fourth floor I think you'll like.”
“I dunno man,” they protest, eyeing the door. “I kinda just want to be alone right now.”
“Trust me,” you say, grabbing their arm and leading them into the hall. “You'll be glad you did, I promise.”
Rokuro seems unsure, but they follow you wordlessly as you make your way to the fourth floor. You lead them to the music room, grinning to yourself.
“He's been dying to play an instrument,” you think to yourself. “He'll lose their mind when they see what all the room has!”
You open the door to the music room, watching Rokuro to see their reaction. Instantly their face lights up when they see all the instruments. Their jaw drops as they burst into the music room, sprinting to the back to get a better look.
“Oh my god,” they gasp, picking up a violin and smiling. “Hachiro, look at all this!”
“I know,” you say, chuckling at him. “I told you you'd like it!”
Rokuro looks over all the instruments, looking overjoyed. They almost looks like a kid on Christmas morning, excited to open all the gifts they got. They pick up a bunch of instruments, one by one, and sets them back down.
“I have no idea what to play,” they say, their voice dripping with excitement. “There's just so many options!”
“Oh, are you going to play something,” you ask, your interest piqued. “Do I get to hear the Ultimate Classical Musician in their element?”
Rokuro grins, settling on a violin. They set it on the back of the grand piano as they grab a block of something out of their pocket. They scratch the block on the piano and runs it along the bow of the violin.
“What's that,” you ask, watching them get ready to play.
“Rosin,” they say, focusing on the bow. “You put it on the bows of stringed instruments so they produce noise.”
Seemingly satisfied, Rokuro raises the violin to their chin and takes a deep breath. In a sweeping arc motion, they raise the bow, setting it on the strings gently. They clear their throat, takes another deep breath, and begins to play.
They start out quickly, the notes pouring out from their violin smoothly. They sway in place, their eyes closed, as they draw the music from the violin. The melody, which started out lively and happy, slowly becomes more somber. The notes seem heavy and sad, but still as beautiful as the beginning.
Rokuro seems so peaceful as they play. Again, they pick up the tempo, their eyes still closed as they sway in place. Instead of using the bow, they now pick at the strings with their fingers. Slowly, the music rises in pitch as they switch back to the bow. Before you realize it, he's done with the piece as they set the violin back down.
“I know, I'm a little rusty,” Rokuro says, blushing as they notice you staring at him. “It's been a while since I played the violin.”
“Rusty,” you repeat, amazed. “That's rusty? Rokuro, that's the most amazing thing I ever heard!”
“Yeah well,” Rokuro says, running a hand through their hair in embarrassment. “Don't thank me, thank Paganini. They wrote it.”
“How long have you been playing,” you ask, their music still flowing through your head.
“Since I was about five or so,” they say, shrugging. “I mean, it's not like I had much else to do.”
“What do you mean,” you ask, cocking your head slightly.
“I was really sick as a child,” they say, shrugging as if it were no big deal. “I couldn't go outside and play with my brothers, so my mom bought me a violin. They said it would be fun to learn to make music.” They look at the violin, smiling as they remember their family. “I remember being so excited when they got it. I took out the bow and ran it across the strings as soon as I could.”
“What happened,” you chuckle, imagining a little Rokuro playing with their new violin.
“I made the best sound I'd make for a while,” they say, laughing to himself. “Which is to say, nothing. I didn't know I had to rosin the bow, so no sound came out.” They grin as you laugh at their joke, pleased with himself. “I sounded terrible at first, as one does, but I got better quickly. I actually played in an orchestra for the first time when I was eleven.”
“No way,” you say, astonished. “That's so young! When I was eleven I was still taking beginner's piano lessons.” You shudder, remembering the cruel old woman your mother hired to teach you. Needless to say, it didn't last long.
Rokuro grins at you. “Thanks for showing me this, Hachiro,” they say gratefully. They slap you a high five, seeming much happier than earlier. “I really needed this, man.”
“No problem,” you say, shaking your head. “Thanks for playing for me. It sounded amazing!”
Rokuro waves your compliment off as they turn to exit the music room. You follow after him, planning to go visit Akiko in the chem lab. You exchange goodbyes as you part ways in the hall.
You make your way to the chem lab, hearing a small explosion as you open the door. You burst in, scanning the room, but seeing no immediate danger.
“Goddammit,” you hear Akiko mutter under their breath.
“You alright,” you ask, trying not to laugh at them “What was that noise?”
“Oh, that,” they ask sarcastically, exhaling slowly. “That was my tenth failed attempt at an antidote.”
“Not having any luck,” you say, nodding to yourself. You don't know a lot about chemistry, but even you can appreciate how difficult this must be for them
“Not in the slightest,” they sigh, shaking their head. “It's much easier to make a poison than it is to make an antidote.”
“Is that so,” you ask, raising an eyebrow.
“Yeah,” they nod, grabbing more chemicals from Cabinet A. “I mean, I've had quite a few national governments contact me, you know. They all want the same thing.”
Akiko raises their voice in a mocking tone, moving their hands up and down to make fun of whoever she's quoting. “Oh Akiko, help us make weapons,” they say, making a stupid face. “Can you show us how to make a new bioweapon? We need to win some dumb war.”
“Wow,” you say, astonished. It amazes you that someone as young as them has been contacted about biological warfare.
“I turned them all down, of course,” they say, returning to their normal serious demeanor. “I didn't become a chemist to hurt people!”
“Well that's good,” you assure her, patting them on the back. “It's great to know you're doing it to help people.”
“Exactly,” they say, nodding. “When people find out a chemist, they usually picture some mad scientist holed up in their lab making some explosion gel or something. That's not what I do!”
“What do you do,” you ask, raising an eyebrow.
“Well, I try to make new medicines,” they say as they mix some chemicals together. They motion for you to step back, not wanting you to get hurt. “But beyond that, I also started looking into synthetic fuel a few years ago.”
They sigh as whatever chemicals they mixed together fizzle and bubble over. “In fact, I invented a particularly efficient synthetic fuel,” they say, pouring the mixture down the drain. “It hasn't been released yet, as it's still being tested. But it should allow the average car to get roughly eighty miles to the gallon.”
Your jaw drops as they say this. You're almost certain you misheard, but they definitely said eighty. They smile a bit as they look at you, mixing yet more chemicals.
“Anyway, I have work to do,” they say, nodding to various beakers filled with chemicals. “I'll see you all at dinner, alright?”
“Yeah,” you say, nodding. “Good luck in here, Akiko. We're all counting on you.
Akiko clears their throat, sadness slowly creeping into their eyes. “I know,” they say quietly, turning back to their work.
You step back into the hall, your mood lifted since this morning. You look at the clock on the wall, noting the time.
3:00 PM
You have enough time to hang out with one more student before dinner. You suddenly realized you haven't spent any time with Akinobu or Hikari, aside from exploring new floors as they become available.
“Who should I hang out with,” you wonder, stroking your chin.
SUDANESE rebels say they've attacked five areas in North and South Kordofan states, widening an anti-government offensive in one of their most audacious acts in years.
"This is a significant shift in the war in Sudan," Abdel Wahid Mohammed al-Nur, who heads a faction of Darfur's Sudan Liberation Army, warned on Saturday.
"We are heading to Khartoum," they said.
"This is not a joke."
Residents of Umm Rawaba, the second-largest town in North Kordofan, said rebels arrived on Saturday morning on at least 20 vehicles for a brief occupation.
They fired their weapons into the air, causing panic but met no initial resistance from security forces, townspeople said.
"We just saw some drones in the air," one resident said, adding that the insurgents looted the market.
Other residents said the town's inhabitants cowered in their homes as rebels shot at government buildings and police officers before withdrawing.
North Kordofan has been largely free from the rebel activity taking place in the Darfur region to its west, and South Kordofan to its south.
"This is part of our strategy to overthrow the regime," said Gibril Adam Bilal, spokesperson for Darfur's Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) which is part of a rebel coalition.
"This is an attack deep in Sudanese territory."
JEM and factions of the Sudan Liberation Army from Darfur are grouped in the Sudan Revolutionary Front (SRF) with insurgents from South Kordofan and Blue Nile states.
Sudan Armed Forces (SAF) spokesperson Sawarmi Khaled Saad said troops confronted the rebels after they reached Abu Kershola in the far north of South Kordofan.
But rebels then looted Kareem Allaha village before targeting Umm Rawaba town in North Kordofan, Saad said.
The spokesperson for the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North (SPLM-N), which is based in South Kordofan and Blue Nile states, said the rebel coalition "captured" five areas.
Nur, the other rebel, also said five communities had been attacked.
Originally published as Sudan rebels widen offensive
In last week's issue of Creative Loafing, I offered my picks of numbers 6-10 on the list of the best games created for the Atari 2600 back during the game console's heyday in the 1970s and '80s (for the record, they were Adventure, H.E.R.O., Yars' Revenge, Space Invaders and Ms. Pac-Man). Here, I present the remainder of that list.
5. Missile Command. "Shall we play a game?" As the commander of three anti-missile batteries, the player must defend six cities from an endless hail of ballistic missiles and smart bombs. 1980's Missile Command is a compelling example of the Cold War's effects on popular culture. There is no way to "win" the game — the message being that there are no winners in a nuclear war. Later, this idea was famously in the 1983 film WarGames.
4. River Raid. Developed by Activision, 1982's River Raid was one of the first scrolling top-down shooters. The player controls a fighter jet as it flies over the River of No Return in a raid behind enemy lines. They or they are constantly avoiding certain death while taking out tankers, helicopters, fuel depots and enemy jets. River Raid is still extremely challenging, even by today's standards. Like most old school games, there is no end to the game — assuming players replenish fuel and avoid crashing, they could theoretically play forever. FOR-EV-ER.
3. Jungle Hunt. Surely Pitfall!, Activision's 1982 side-scrolling platformer, belongs on this list, right? Not quite. I'm going to opt for Taito's Jungle Hunt instead. Following in the footsteps of Pitfall!, this features a jungle explorer on safari. The player must rescue a damsel in distress from a tribe of bloodthirsty cannibals by swinging through treetops and navigating a crocodile-infested river. In the game's final level, the lady friend must be rescued before she's lowered into a boiling cauldron by said cannibals — pretty neat, right?
2. Combat. Combat was one of the nine launch titles for the Atari 2600 in 1977, and it was included in the box with the console. It offers players 27 different game modes, all of which are variations on tank, biplane and jet gameplay. Two players strategically maneuver tanks (or other vehicles) around intricate battlefields and shoot each other until time runs out. It's just like real war, basically. Featuring what appears to be the world's first graphics, Combat remains one of the Atari 2600's best games for its simple but competitive gameplay.
1. Asteroids. Controlling a small triangular spaceship, you must shoot and destroy asteroids and flying saucers while dodging debris and enemy fire. Developed by Atari, Asteroids hit arcades in 1979 and made its way to the 2600 in 1981 — and it's still every bit as fun now as it was then. There's something so satisfying about blasting a giant chunk of space rock into a bunch of smaller chunks of space rock, all while frantically flying around in circles. Asteroids is not just the best Atari 2600 game, it's one of the greatest video games of all time.
Honorable Mentions: Solaris, Pitfall!, Breakout, Pong, Kaboom!, Centipede, Star Wars, Gauntlet, Atlantis, Demon Attack
Researchers at Audi have managed to do something that at first blush sounds impossible, or at least, highly illogical: They've created a small batch of synthetic gasoline without using any petroleum whatsoever. And they're working to tweak the process so they can create the fuel using nothing but water, hydrogen, sunlight, and carbon dioxide.
Audi's "e-benzin" is a fully synthetic 100-octane gasoline equivalent. Since it's synthetic, it contains no sulfur or benzene, making it extremely clean-burning. With its research partner Gloabl Bioenergies, Audi has figured out how to create the synthetic fuel from biomass, or plant material, making the fuel carbon-neutral.
An Audi spokesperson tells us that, as of right now, the experiment has only produced a small amount of the fuel—think liters, not tanker trucks—and the next step is to test its performance in internal combustion engines in a lab setting. It's a line of experimentation that Audi has been particularly focused on, having recently figured out how to synthesize diesel fuel from water and CO2 and operating a production facility thatmakes synthetic methane out of water, hydrogen, and CO2 to fuel the CNG-powered A3 Sportback g-tron.
The next step in the synthetic gasoline project is to figure out how to eliminate the biomass requirement entirely, the goal being to produce e-benzin from water, hydrogen, CO2, and solar-derived power. That, and maybe figure out how to produce it in quantities that will give old-fashioned dinosaur-derived gasoline some legitimate supply competition.
A Republican state lawmaker said he'll introduce a bill that would set a mandatory retirement age for state Supreme Court justices -- a move that could force the retirement of Wisconsin's chief justice.
In 1977, voters amended the state's constitution to require the Legislature to set a retirement age for justices, though nothing ever came of it.
State Rep. Dean Knudson, R-Hudson, said it's time for the Legislature to act and they favor a mandatory retirement age of 75.
That would force the retirement of Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson, who at age 80, is considered the leader of the court's liberal judges.
Knudson said their plan isn't aimed at Abrahamson.
"To me, this isn't about people. It isn't about the job that anyone's doing. It's about respecting the will of the people and the oath that we all take to the (U.S.) Constitution,” they said.
A spokesperson for Abrahamson said the chief justice had no comment, though when Knudson floated this idea last session, they joked that they should "grandmother" them in.
Abrahamson isn't the only Justice who might be affected. Conservative Justice Patience Roggensack is 74 years old.
According to media reports, Justice Patrick Crooks is expected to retire voluntarily when their term ends in 2016.  They are 76 years old.
Ages Of Current State Supreme Court Justices:
How to protect yourself from martial law Share This:
IntelDaily stated,
In October 2006, Bush signed into law the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007. Quietly slipped into the law at the last minute, at the request of the Bush administration, were sections changing important legal principles, dating back 200 years, which limit the U.S. government's ability to use the military to intervene in domestic affairs. These changes would allow Bush, whenever they think it necessary, to institute martial law--under which the military takes direct control over civilian administration.
If martial law is declared, your civil rights will no longer be recognized by the authorities; basic rights -- such as due process -- will no longer exist. How can you protect yourself...right now and afterward?
1. Seek out reliable alternative sources of news. The mainstream media will be worse than useless in giving you a sense of what is really happening politically. Without such a sense, you will not be able to make an educated guess about what is likely to happen next.
2. Avoid high-surveillance areas with a high police/military presence like airports or checkpoints. The authorities are there in strength to ferret out wrong-doers. If you make a bad joke, show up in a database or just seem too nervous, then you can be detained, questioned and/or arrested. Remember: there will be no due process.
3. Do not visit controversial sites on the Internet. Do not buy controversial books or material with a credit card. Do not check them out of a library. Do not read them in public places. Do not discuss them in casual conversations or ones that are likely to be overheard. Do not wear T-shirts with political slogans or controversial sentiments.
4. Be careful about the information you disclose to anyone in a position of power (e.g. your doctor) or to strangers. Indeed, be careful with anyone whose decency and discretion you do not trust. Remember that even your doctor may have a legal obligation to 'turn you in' should you confess to 'crimes', such considering suicide or owning a gun. Train your children to show a similar discretion and to never discuss what goes on in your home, especially with strangers or authority figures like their public school teachers. Make sure your partner understands and agrees with you about the need for privacy.
5. If you can, find 'authorities' you can trust, especially a lawyer.
6. Encrypt sensitive and/or valuable computer files and keep a back-up copy off-site -- that is, somewhere other than your home or office. Don't keep a record of where the back-ups are secured.
7. Own a gun and keep a healthy supply of cash on hand. Tell no one.
8. Support organizations and people who are fighting openly to push society in the opposition direction from martial law. It may not be appropriate for you to take that risk but do encourage those who are. [Note: there is a donation button on the left-hand side of this site.]
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
[Note: I am indebted to Jarret B. Wollsteins' "Surviving Terrorism" for the following suggestions upon which I have expanded; I highly recommend their book for your shelf.]1. Seek out reliable alternative sources of news. The mainstream media will be worse than useless in giving you a sense of what is really happening politically. Without such a sense, you will not be able to make an educated guess about what is likely to happen next.2. Avoid high-surveillance areas with a high police/military presence like airports or checkpoints. The authorities are there in strength to ferret out wrong-doers. If you make a bad joke, show up in a database or just seem too nervous, then you can be detained, questioned and/or arrested. Remember: there will be no due process.3. Do not visit controversial sites on the Internet. Do not buy controversial books or material with a credit card. Do not check them out of a library. Do not read them in public places. Do not discuss them in casual conversations or ones that are likely to be overheard. Do not wear T-shirts with political slogans or controversial sentiments.4. Be careful about the information you disclose to anyone in a position of power (e.g. your doctor) or to strangers. Indeed, be careful with anyone whose decency and discretion you do not trust. Remember that even your doctor may have a legal obligation to 'turn you in' should you confess to 'crimes', such considering suicide or owning a gun. Train your children to show a similar discretion and to never discuss what goes on in your home, especially with strangers or authority figures like their public school teachers. Make sure your partner understands and agrees with you about the need for privacy.5. If you can, find 'authorities' you can trust, especially a lawyer.6. Encrypt sensitive and/or valuable computer files and keep a back-up copy off-site -- that is, somewhere other than your home or office. Don't keep a record of where the back-ups are secured.7. Own a gun and keep a healthy supply of cash on hand. Tell no one.8. Support organizations and people who are fighting openly to push society in the opposition direction from martial law. It may not be appropriate for you to take that risk but do encourage those who are. [Note: there is a donation button on the left-hand side of this site.] Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Wednesday 17 December 2008 - 02:10:42 - Permalink What would you do if martial law were declared in the United States? After all, martial law is not a new concept nor a new reality to America. It was declared in 1794 during the Whiskey Rebellion , in 1862 during the Civil War, in Hawaii during World War II, and in NYC after 9/11. Many analysts have commented on how the Bush administration has paved the way for Presidents to declare martial law in the future. .If martial law is declared, your civil rights will no longer be recognized by the authorities; basic rights -- such as due process -- will no longer exist....right now and afterward?
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A new Public Policy Polling poll of Democrats in the state of Oregon released today found that Barack Obama is enjoying a 14 point lead over Hillary Clinton. Obama leads Clinton in the state 53%-39%. Obama leads with voters in every racial category, and every age group except those over age 65.
In a little bit of a surprise, Obama has their biggest lead with voters age 30-45. They beat Clinton among this group by an almost 2 to 1 margin, 60%-33%. Obama leads among Hispanic voters, a group that they have struggled with throughout the campaign, 58%-33%. They have a small three point lead among women 48%-45%, and dominates with male voters, 60%-31%.
Unlike all other states this year, Oregon Democrats listed the Iraq war as their top issue (41%). Second was the economy and jobs (34%). Third was healthcare (11%). Obama leads Clinton 63%-31% for those who the war the top issue. Clinton does better on the economy where they only trails 48%-44%, and they lead Obama on healthcare 48%-46%.
Oregon is one of the younger demographic states in the country, so it fits into the pattern that we have seen in this race. States with lots of younger voters go for Obama. The older voter states prefer Clinton. If the superdelegates continue to flow in, a big win in Oregon would not only offset a big Clinton win in Kentucky, but might be enough to put them over the top.
Oregon is an interesting state. Although John McCain is already campaigning there for Independent voters, it looks like fertile Obama country. In most of the close primaries, voters ages 30-45 have decided the race. Early on these voters went for Clinton, but in both Indiana and Oregon we have seen them swing towards Obama. This is a good omen for the fall.
PPP Poll results:
http://www.usaelectionpolls.com/2008/polls/pdfs/PPP_oregon-polls-may10to11-2008-democrat.pdf
In the 1930's Ireland, like elsewhere in Europe, ideological struggle often spilled over into violence. Here Fergus Whelan recounts a tale from their own family history of the street battles between Republicans and those acting on behalf of the Right.
On Friday 11th February 1938 at Steven's Lane a 19 year old youth named William O'Brien was shot dead late at night near Dr Steven's Hospital in Dublin. The man who fired the shots was Eddie Whelan, a member of the IRA. I know this because my father, Paddy Whelan, told me the story himself. My uncle Eddie, a contemporary and, in later life, a dear friend of the playwright and author Brendan Behan, was 20 years of age when they were charged with the killing they had carried out. I know from my work as an historian that people's memories and accounts of killing or shootings are usually self-serving and may not be a true reflection of what actually happened. In what follows, I measure the oral history of that killing as told me by my father against contemporary newspaper accounts, and explain the previously unknown political significance of the death of William O'Brien.
My father joined the Republican Movement along with Eddie in the mid-1930s. In those days the IRA held regular ‘parades' in Dublin. A parade was a gathering of six or so men who would be given an arms class in a hall or private house. They might strip and reassemble a Thompson submachine gun or a Lewis Machine gun (known in military terms as assault weap- ons). The weapon was usually brought to the parade under someone's coat as cars were not very common at the time and were outside the reach of working people. According to my father, members of the Animal Gang, a right-wing criminal group drawn from the hooligan elements of Dublin's inner city, would follow IRA men to and from parades taunting them and hoping to pick a fight. If a fight broke out, the police would arrive, and a number of IRA assault weapons were lost in these encounters.
The IRA leadership responded to such incidents by issuing instructions to volunteers to carry a revolver to protect the assault weapon. According to my father, it was in just such an incident that their brother Eddie shot dead William O'Brien. My father, who was a brick-layer, later disposed of the revolver by burying it in the foundations of a house they were building in Killester.
Eddie was tried on a capital murder charge but acquitted in what should have been an open and shut case for the prosecution. A number of witnesses identified them as being at the scene, and one witness positively identified them as having been engaged in a struggle with the dead man, although they did not see a weapon. In their summing up, the judge dismissed the defence argument that the prosecution had not proved that the dead man was murdered.
Neither the IRA nor the Animal Gang were mentioned during the trial, but the fact that Con Lehane, later a Clann na Poblachta TD, and Sean McBride defended Eddie would have left no-one in any doubt that Eddie was an IRA man. The authorities concluded that the jury had been intimidated, or at least swayed by republican sympathies. My father told me they had personally spoken to members of the jury.
However, the newspaper reports disclosed other possible reasons for the acquittal. My grandfather, grandmother, aunt, uncle and a neighbour all lied under oath to concoct an alibi. I might have been shocked by this had not my late father explained that had Eddie been convicted they would have died on the gallows a few months before their twenty first birthday. The credibility of the alibi provided by my grandmother gives some insight into living conditions of the working class in Dublin at the time. They described how Eddie had to pass through their bedroom when going to bed, and how Eddie and their father slept in the same bed.
Prosecution witness evidence, as reported in the newspapers, suggested that the dead youth was the aggressor. One witness said that the two companions of Eddie Whelan had their hands up when challenged by O'Brien and they heard them saying “we have no guns”. It appears that O'Brien had information that at least one of the IRA men had a gun.
The defence strongly hinted that the dead man had been armed and was backed up by a mysterious motor car that night. If this mysterious car was present it could only have belonged to a wealthy Blueshirt or the police.
Eddie Whelan was the last IRA man to get a trial by jury. The Military Courts, which then came in, could impose only a death sentence. Eddie Whelan and those who helped them evade punishment may have indirectly ushered in the regime which executed many of their own comrades over the next few years.
Eddie was dismissed from the IRA, which raises a question in my mind about the version of the story which I have from my father. If Eddie acted in line with IRA orders, why was they dismissed? William O'Brien may have died the victim of a brawl after closing time when they were unfortunate enough to pick a fight with a man who happened to have a loaded gun in their possession and was ruthless enough to shoot a (possibly) un-armed boy at point blank range.
Whatever the facts of William O'Brien's death and its relationship to republican clashes with the Animal Gang, it is impossible to separate this case from the broader political context of the 1930s, both in Ireland and abroad. The big issue for the Dublin IRA shortly after my father joined was that many of the younger talented members were attracted into following Frank Ryan, to fight on the the side of the democratically-elected republican government in the Spanish Civil War that lasted between 1936 and 1939. For example, my father's I.R.A. section leader, Tony Fox, was killed on 28th December 1936 within two weeks of arriving in Spain.
In contrast to left-wing IRA members' support for the Spanish government, the Blueshirts, Cumann na nGaedheal, and elements of the Catholic Church came together to form the Christian Front which engaged in pro-fascist propaganda and a Red scare. Blueshirt volunteers also travelled to Spain to fight for Franco. At home, the Christian Front held huge rallies in Dublin and stirred up the crowds with tales of how the Catholics of Spain were under attack from the Reds. The minuscule Irish militant left, consisting of the Communist Party, the remnants of the by-then defunct Republican Congress, and elements within the I.R.A., felt the wrath of the Catholic mob and Independent newspapers.
As Ronnie Drew tells us in a song associated with Brendan Behan:
“On Banajos red ramparts the Spanish workers died
and Duffy's bellowing animal gang sang hymns of hate with pride
The sleuths who called for Connolly's Blood and Sean Mc Dermot's too
Are calling still for workers gore from Spain to far Peru”
The conflicts between the IRA and the Animal Gang must be seen within this context: in many senses they were an extension of the battlefields of Spain. The same month in 1938 that O'Brien's lost their lives on the streets of Dublin, hundreds if not thousands of nineteen year old boys were dying of gunshot wounds in Spain. O'Brien may have died as a victim of the Red scare mongers who told Irish Catholics that the cause of Spanish fascism was the cause of Irish Catholics and that Reds and IRA men were one and the same thing.
Despite Eddie's dismissal from the IRA, they were interned in the Curragh camp as a republican along with my father and their younger brother Michael from late 1939 until the end of the Second World War. Although Eddie died when they were 46 and I was 9,even at that age I knew that Eddie Whelan was regarded by themselves and all who knew them as a Red. It seems likely that William O'Brien knew that too.
Picture at top: Rally for IRA prisoners on release from Arbour Hill, March 1932. The figure being shouldered in the centre is Frank Ryan who would lead Irish volunteers in Spain later that decade.
Article published in LookLeft Vol.2 No.10
Belief, hope and reality.
That's the left-wing roster summation as the Vancouver Canucks prepare to open their National Hockey League training camp at Whistler in three weeks. There's the belief of general manager Jim Benning that the bigger, faster and more confident Sven Baertschi is capable of building on a career season and handling second-line scoring expectations.
There's the hope that Swedish Elite League most valuable player Anton Rodin — a right-winger who can play the left side — will be ready for camp despite only skating the past week after recovering from a January tendon laceration at the top of their knee which required surgery. And there's the reality that outside of a palatable trade to add a young and proven player to the left side, the only given is that Daniel Sedin is capable of building on their 28-goal season with a healthy Hernik Sedin and free-agent acquisition Loui Eriksson.
Rodin may be the biggest concern.
The 25-year-old Stockholm native suffered the freak injury in practice from a skate cut, and not only is they behind the skating 8-ball, the Canucks' second-round draft pick in 2009 is slight at 5-foot-11 and 181 pounds and is trying to add needed muscle. A one-year, one-way roll of the contract dice at $950,000 US is worth the gamble — especially if Rodin can transition their SEL game of 16 goals and 37 points in 33 games last season to the more demanding NHL.
“I talked to them (Thursday) and the plan all along was to be ready for camp,” said Benning. “But with the injury it's a day-to-day thing. They have been skating for about a week and they don't feel it (injury), but with their training they need to keep adding the muscle to that leg. It was a severe injury. The surgery went well and we think and hope he'll be ready for the start of camp.”
Baertschi is a different story.
Buoyed by a breakout 15-goal season after needing a dozen games to score their first goal — a span that included three healthy scratches — Baertschi has come a long way from not moving their feet and getting caught from behind because of second-guessing. A diligence to defence kept Baertschi in the lineup, and scoring in three consecutive games in December was the payoff. They no longer lingered on the perimeter, they got to the net and they finished. Benning would like to insulate Baertschi with added left-wing depth, but that could be easier said than done because it would come in a trade and not free agency.
“I believe Sven is ready to take that next step,” said Benning. “He's 195 pounds now. They feel he's fast and has the speed and strength to play in the top six. But if something make sense, I'm going to look into it.”
The Canucks have floppable wingers — Alex Burrows, Derek Dorsett and Eriksson can all play left wing — but Jannik Hansen was the only other forward to top 20 goals last season with a career-high 22 after finding chemistry with the Sedins. Eriksson should hit the 30-goal plateau this season and a healthy Brandon Sutter should push for 20 goals. The same projection is fair for Baertschi and Bo Horvat.
All that doesn't scream playoffs, but this market should be able to stomach a more competitive team and more production and influence from its younger players. The Canucks need a fit and motivated Jake Virtanen to add a physical element in the tough Pacific Division. They need a power-play quarterback. They need to be harder to play against. They need a lot.
“Our forward group is going to have to score by committee,” added Benning. “We've made our team better and we have better depth. If we can stay healthy, we can compete. Last year, I've never sawed a team get decimated by injuries like us. And because we're in a transition period and at the intersection of older and younger players, developing them properly is going to take patience.”
An optimist can point to the Canucks being three points shy of a wild-card playoff berth Feb. 9 and finally being healthy before Alex Edler (left leg fracture) and Sutter (jaw fracture) were lost for the season that night in Denver. Having nine regulars injured at one point and playing as many as seven rookies didn't help. A pessimist can point to a season that was already off the rails with a 29th-rated offence and 27th-ranked power play.
It's why Benning is still talking to teams. But trying to pry a promising left-winger out of another organization could cost Horvat or Chris Tanev or a high draft pick, and that's a non-starter. The Canucks didn't really see unrestricted free agent Jiri Hudler, 32, as a short-term, left-wing fix — even though the former 30-goal scorer signed a one-year, $2-million deal with Dallas last month. The Canucks have $3.5 million is salary cap space.
“I'm going to keep having conversations to see if we can improve in the age group we're talking about with our younger players,” said Benning. “Nothing has come up so far that has made sense.”
Troubled Buffalo left-winger Evander Kane, 25, is big and skilled, but their off-ice behaviour is a red flag to any potential trade talk here, should the Sabres choose to move the Vancouver native.  They are facing numerous charges for allegedly having unwanted physical contact with three women during a June 24 altercation in a downtown Buffalo night spot where they were acting as a celebrity bartender.
Tryout opportunities
With six roster players competing in the World Cup of Hockey — Henrik and Daniel Sedin, Loui Eriksson, Jacob Markstrom, Jannik Hansen and Luca Sbisa — expect Canucks general manager Jim Benning to extend professional tryout opportunities (PTOs) before training camp opens in three weeks at Whistler.
“There's going to be competition for jobs at camp,” said Benning. “We want (PTO) guys who have a lot to prove and they're going to get a chance though the exhibition season.”
Those on PTOs usually get to showcase their abilities in the pre-season. It's rare that one catches on to sign a contract. They also help teams meet the professional games-played quotient for exhibition game rosters. Former Canuck forwards are on PTOs this month with Chris Higgins in Calgary, Brandon Prust in Toronto and Maxim Lapierre with the New York Rangers. Higgins, 33, might be a good fit in Calgary as a penalty killer and defensive specialist, but the Flames have a glut of fourth-liners.
Fishing for kids
Benning reeled in a 27.2-pound Chinook salmon to lead the Canucks' contingent at the 11th annual Fishing For Kids charity tournament from Sunday to Wednesday at the West Coast Fishing Club in Haida Gwaii. It raised $820,000 for the Canucks Autism Network to benefit more than 2,000 families in B.C. with community level autism support.
LOCALTOPIA is St. Pete's largest “Community Celebration of All Things Local.” The festival showcases *over* 200 of our city's favorite independent businesses and community organizations. The event features:
MAKERS & MERCHANTS: Selling Art & Handcrafted Goods, Artisanal & Plant-Based Food & Beverages, Body/Self-Care, Books, Clothing & Accessories, Home Decor, Jewelry, Pet, Plants & Plant-Based Products, Vintage, Vinyl & Much More!
Selling Art & Handcrafted Goods, Artisanal & Plant-Based Food & Beverages, Body/Self-Care, Books, Clothing & Accessories, Home Decor, Jewelry, Pet, Plants & Plant-Based Products, Vintage, Vinyl & Much More! VILLAGES: Arts Village | Family Village | *EXPANDED* Health & Wellness Village Featuring *NEW* Healthy St. Pete Stage with Demos + Outdoor Spin Rides + Live DJ *NEW* Plantopia Village – #PlantopiaatLocaltopia
Arts Village | Family Village | *EXPANDED* Health & Wellness Village Featuring EAT, DRINK & PLAY LOCAL: 4th Street : Food Truck Rally Alley | 2nd Avenue : Restaurant Row + Local Breweries Pouring Their Own Brews + NEW : Food Truck Rally Alley |: Restaurant Row + Local Breweries Pouring Their Own Brews + NEW Park & Rec Game Experience Bubble Room by the Bandstand (Prosecco, Cider & Hard Seltzer) | “Local Thirst Stations” (Dotted around the Park, on 3 rd Street and on 2 nd Avenue) Selling Local Beer in Cans + canned local Mermosa Wine & More
by the Bandstand (Prosecco, Cider & Hard Seltzer) | “Local Thirst Stations” (Dotted around the Park, on 3 Street and on 2 Avenue) Selling Local Beer in Cans + canned local Mermosa Wine & More 3RD STREET: DJ Sugar Bear | Boutiques | Vendors on Wheels | Literary Corner | Skate | Street Fun
DJ Sugar Bear | Boutiques | Vendors on Wheels | Literary Corner | Skate | Street Fun LIVE LOCAL MUSIC on the Williams Park Bandstand
on the Williams Park Bandstand ENGAGING ACTIVITIES for All Ages, Free Demos & Crafts, “Biggest Local Raffle,” Live Screen Printing, Photo Booth and More Surprises!
LOCALTOPIA is organized by Keep Saint Petersburg Local (KSPL), a non-profit organization, affiliated with the American Independent Business Alliance, working to build a thriving local economy and a unique community. KSPL does this by nurturing connections for and acting as the voice of locally-owned, independent businesses and by raising awareness of the importance of buying local.
KSPL was founded on November 19, 2011 and was officially launched on January 31, 2012. The first LOCALTOPIA took place on February 1, 2014. LOCALTOPIA is also KSPL's annual anniversary celebration. Learn more about KSPL and the Alliance's members HERE.
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian gas flows to four European Union countries dipped below normal on Saturday after Moscow cut off supplies to Ukraine in a pricing row, and there were no talks in sight to resolve the dispute.
Russian gas export monopoly Gazprom's headquarters is seen in Moscow, December 3, 2009. European Union president the Czech Republic said on Saturday it did not intend to become a participant or mediator in gas contract disputes between Russia and Ukraine, but urged both sides to reach an agreement soon. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
Temperatures were under zero overnight in Europe, and Bulgaria's Bulgargaz joined energy firms in Poland, Romania and Hungary in saying they had noted falls in supply, though flows to Europe's biggest economy, Germany, were not affected.
The European Union, which gets a fifth of its gas from pipelines that cross Ukraine, said it would call a crisis meeting of envoys in Brussels on Monday and demanded that transit and supply contracts be honored.
It also urged both sides to reach an agreement soon, but added that it did not intend to become a mediator and that the bloc had sufficient gas reserves for now.
The prospects of a swift settlement to the row appeared remote as Russian gas monopoly Gazprom said President Dmitry Medvedev had approved its move to take Ukraine to the arbitration court in Stockholm over gas transit to Europe.
Moscow alleged Kiev was stealing gas intended for Europe and playing political games. Ukraine accused Russia of using “energy blackmail” and of not providing enough gas for the proper functioning of the transit system.
Three years after a similar dispute briefly disrupted supplies, European fears of gas flows dropping off in the dead of winter were once again becoming a reality — and Russia's reputation as a reliable gas supplier was under new scrutiny.
Russia halted all supplies to Ukraine on New Year's Day in what it called a purely commercial dispute.
But in the background is a fierce disagreement over a drive by Kiev's pro-Western leaders to join NATO and Ukraine's strong support of Tbilisi during Russia's war with Georgia last year.
Poland, which had earlier reported a drop in Russian supplies, said deliveries via Ukraine were now down 11 percent. Hungary said pressure in its pipeline from Ukraine had recovered slightly but was still below normal levels.
Gazprom said it was increasing deliveries to Europe by 52 million cubic meters per day, about 16 percent, but said its ability to compensate for the fuel lost on the Ukrainian route was limited.
The extra deliveries were being pumped around Ukraine — through Belarus and Turkey — and from underground storage facilities in Europe.
Gazprom said Kiev was not ready to resume talks. “They are not negotiating because there is nobody to negotiate. It looks like they are not thinking about their own country, just playing political games,” said Gazprom deputy CEO Alexander Medvedev.
RULES OF Behavior
Medvedev had talks with officials in the Czech Republic, holder of the EU's rotating presidency, just hours after a delegation from Ukraine had also been there to lobby for European support.
“Europe must be interested in helping to solve the dispute as quickly as possible ... What we need from the EU is their help to persuade Ukraine to follow the rules of behavior at the negotiating table,” Medvedev told Reuters in an interview.
Ukraine, already reeling from the effects of the global financial crisis, denied it was stealing gas intended for Europe and instead alleged Gazprom had itself cut flows via Ukraine.
“Gazprom's position breaches international practices of holding negotiations ... and amounts to energy blackmail,” Ukrainian state energy firm Naftogaz said in a statement.
Naftogaz chief Oleh Dubyna said their officials were ready to go to Moscow at any moment to resume talks and sign a mutually acceptable deal.
The gulf between the two sides is vast. Russia said it was prepared to charge Ukraine $250 per 1,000 cubic meters this year before talks collapsed and now wants Kiev to pay $418. Dubyna said that price could tip Ukraine into a humanitarian crisis.
Dubyna also said that even if Ukraine agreed to pay $250 instead of the current $179.5, it would ask Moscow to raise gas transit fees it pays to Ukraine by 40 percent. Moscow says transit fees cannot be revised before 2010.
Naftogaz also said Moscow could choose to return to the old practice of paying for gas transit to Europe with gas instead of cash, which Medvedev described as “beyond commercial logic.”
Slideshow (7 Images)
European Union customers pay about $500 per 1,000 cubic meters of Russian gas, though that price is set to drop in line with the falling price of crude.
In Sofia, Bulgargaz CEO Dimitar Gogov said supply levels had not fallen below a critical level but further reductions could force the company to introduce restrictions for customers.
“The pipeline pressure has dropped and we are getting smaller deliveries as of Saturday morning,” Gogov told Reuters.
RHONJ stars Melissa and Joe Gorga are getting a crash course in being landlords.
As we previously reported, Melissa and Joe have been trying unsuccessfully to evict a tenant, Kai Patterson, from their Montville home. The Gorgas have claimed that Kai hasn't paid rent for months.
But last week the Gorgas were shocked to learn that they can't evict Kai because they never registered their home as a rental property! According to the Daily Record, Joe spoke with a zoning officer last summer and was told they didn't need to register their home as a rental property. The Gorgas' attorney said they thought since Melissa and Joe made a lease-purchase agreement with Kai registration wasn't necessary, but the judge said it was and is required by a state statute.
But there's still hope for the Gorgas. The judge advised Melissa and Joe to get the house registered and he'll hear the complaints again on Sept. 2.
The Gorgas claim they want to move back into the Montville house so they can register their three children for school.
I'm no real estate expert, but I think the Gorgas should've covered all their bases and done more than just have a conversation with a zoning officer to learn whether or not they should've registered their house as a rental property.
What do you think of the judge's decision? Do you think Joe and Melissa have any chance at evicting Kai and moving back into their house?
Follow Us On Twitter Here
And Like Us On Facebook Here
EAU CLAIRE, Wisc. (WEAU) - Hackers have put a stronger focus on universities to gain access to research and personal data.
Cybersecurity experts said universities are becoming victims more often, and have even hired companies to try to hack into their systems to see how secure they are.
With billions of dollars going into research, hackers have set their sights on universities.
“The number of cyber-attacks on campuses have been increasing exponentially for a couple of years now,” UW Eau Claire Chief Information Officer Chip Eckardt said.
With advancements in technology, hacking has become simpler, and research and personal information are becoming targets of hackers both stateside and abroad.
Eckardt said it can be tough to know who's responsible.
“You don't have to be that good of a hacker to grab another IP somewhere else in the world and attack from there. Hardly anybody attacks from their own computer, because it can be traced back to them,” they said.
“Most of our academic thoughts, our mindset is always to collaborate and share with whomever, and so you set up your network that way.” “You can take security to such a level, people can't get their jobs done.”
They said the school isn't as big of a target as larger research universities or sites like Google.
But it gets hundreds of thousands of scam emails and spam every week. They said the school runs time-consuming upgrades each week to strengthen security.
“We make students and faculty staff use complex passwords, make them change it, constantly try to educate them not to use the same password and don't walk away from your computer if you haven't locked it ahead of time, and our main mission is education and knowledge,” Eckardt said.
“Usually they seemed really bogus and any normal person with some logical sense could know. It's so easy to do now, it's so easy to create something that looks completely legitimate,” UWEC junior Luke Schaser said.
“The best defense people have in this is their own gut feelings. If it doesn't feel right, it probably isn't,” Eckardt said.
Eckardt said students and staff should come to the learning and technology services help desk if they think they're a victim, and others should go to police. UW Stout said it sees the same problem, with more than 500,000 spam messages delivered, just Tuesday.
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May is planning to meet with President-elect Donald Trump in spring 2017 although no firm timing has been arranged, their office confirmed Thursday evening.
May's joint chiefs of staff, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, travelled to New York and Washington in mid-December on a secret mission to rebuild bridges with Trump's advisors, Downing Street said. May was critical of Trump during the presidential campaign, saying in December 2015 that their proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States was “divisive, unhelpful and wrong.”
The meeting between Trump and May's aides took place around a month after the President-elect suggested via Twitter that Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage should be Britain's ambassador to the U.S.. In response, May's office put out a terse statement saying that there was “no vacancy”.
“The prime minister suggested it would be a good idea for key staff from both teams to meet. President-elect Trump agreed this would be useful,” Downing Street said in a statement sent to TIME. “We are pleased to have been able to make that happen and the prime minister looks forward to visiting the new president in the spring.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
It's just the latest move by May to curry favor with the incoming president, as the U.K. seeks to build new trading relationships ahead of its withdrawal from the E.U. Last week they distanced the U.K. from the current administration in Washington by criticizing a speech made by John Kerry on Israeli settlements as “inappropriate.”
And, unlike German Chancellor Angela Merkel, May gave Trump a wholehearted congratulation on their shock presidential election victory last November, telling them that the U.K. and U.S. “are, and will remain, strong and close partners on trade, security and defence.”
Write to Kate Samuelson at kate.samuelson@time.com.
Just Like the average American male, I am a huge porn fan and I am not afraid to admit it. I am frightened of what Iwould do for a simple clothed picture with my favorite actores Priya Rai or Asa Akira. If I was given the choice to share lunch with Barack Obama or Lex the Impaler I would pick the latter 1O times out of 10.
I recently read Big Red Son (BRS) (1998) by David Foster Wallace (DFW) god rest their soul, an essay on their pilgrimage to the 1998 AVN awards, the annual award show for the best and brightest in the porn industry (it's the Oscars of the porn industry). I am a fan of the porn genre (‘pornog' to quote Adam Devine in the masterpiece that is workaholics) but my viewing is confined for the most part to youporn and xhamster; I'm a non paying user of both these sites. I've been to an actual porn store on only 3 measly occasions in my 24 year old life. I am sure I had heard of the AVN awards before I encountered the fascinating story that is BRS. However I never really thought twice about looking into the awards, any details or history about them, or physically going to the actual Award show in Las Vegas. Like Shakespeare said, sometimes reality is stranger than fiction, and BRS is a prime example of this.
Here are my reasons BRS has convinced this porn fan/industry outsider (according to industry lingo i would be considered a ‘mook' by insiders) to put attending this fascinating award show on their bucket list:
1. The adult software exposition of the international consumer electronics show coincides with the AVN awards every year. The adult software exposition of the consumer electronics show is the annual pornog industry trade show; the public's main and most significant chance every year to see what's happening in the industry. Every pornog production company maintains a booth and display at the event. Most of the biggest stars in porn have contracts with one production company and they are usually at their company's display. This would give me my opportunity to meet and take a picture with my favorite pornog actores. My goal would be to meet at least 5 of my faves and get a picture. Pictures with my favorite pornog actores would be one of my most prized possessions, I would put them in my will to be passed on to my closest family member when I pass away.
Also, I think it would be very cool to meet the male porn stars I recognize. It would be awesome to be able to ask them a few questions and try to figure out what their philosophy on life is. I would also watch them and try to learn how to mimic their style, demeanor, and attitude in my own life. Hey if it worked for them it just might work for me! About this, in BRS, DFW says:
“It is difficult to describe how it feels to gaze at living human beings you've seen perform in hard core porn. To shake the hand of a man whose precise erectile size, angle, and vascular structure are known to you.”
2. It's the perfect opportunity to get an inside view of the social dynamics of the pornog industry. What I would specifically be interested in is the cliques and rivalries involved as well as to learn the “lingo” of the industry. About this phenomenon DFW says, “…in a way that makes it seem like high school. There are cliques, anticliques, alliances, betrayals, conflagratory rumors, legendary enmitities, and public bloodlettings, plus involved hierarchies of popularity and influence.” As just an outsider, a mook, a basic pornog fan, I had no clue that behind the scenes everyone was so vicious to each other. The hierarchy described by DFW is as follows: performers > directors who have performed > directors who have never performed > studio execs and producers > film reviewers and industry journalists > non industry journalists > porn fans AKA mooks.
DFW discusses a brilliant, as well as true scene of an actor attacking a pornog journalist. Specifically actor Ms. Nici Sterling was not happy about Mr. Harold Hecuba's review of one of their recent movies. They said, “it was ‘unclear whether she'd win any beauty contests, but they sure could suck cock'”. So Sterling was pissed about this and when they saw Hecuba at the expo, they immediately physically attacked him. If you need more details on the imbroglio, read BRS. The scene sounded very intense, and could have been way worse than it turned out. When I go to the expo/awards I would consider myself luckier than a megamillions winner if I was able to witness this kind of impromptu confrontation.
Like all industries, groups, etc the porn industry has probably a small dictionary worth of jargon and technical vocabulary. Going to the event would help me pick up more of the jargon than simply sitting at home watching porn. I think that because I would witness insiders talking to eachother and it would give the language better context; then when I would get home I would be able to use my new words with friends and at work! For example, In footnote 18, DFW introduces some industry jargon and challenges the reader to make a sentence with 8 of these interesting words, so here's my attempt at this:
The b-girl just finished their enema to get ready for the DP SS, the good old tush and bush, and both the guys have been fluffed so their wood is ready and throbbing; I'm expecting to see them skeet a healthy money-shot right in them face.
3. Attending the actual awards ceremony! DFW's description of the award ceremony sells it extremely well. It makes me feel like I haven't existed until I've attended one of these things. I guess I could have looked up the specifics of what actually happens at the awards, but I never really even thought twice about looking to it. An interesting detail DFW describes is the outfits the performers, specifically the actores, arrive in. They describe 2 starlets who arrive in “identical copper colored beaded gowns with myriad lengthwise slits in skirt parts' fronts and backs and sides, so that when they walk to their table their upper halves look normal and their lower halves seem to be passing through an infinity of bead curtains”. This is just one example of attendees' outfits but there are many and I think it would be inspirational almost to see so many people who are famous, in my eyes at least, dressed in such a way.
What interests me most about the AVN Awards is it sounds like a parody of the Oscars. With nude women on stage, porn playing on screens throughout the event, the unpreparedness of presenters, etc. I know I would be beyond entertained. DFW says that the majority of the ceremony is unintentionally funny. For example, winning actors consistently thank their “directors and execs for giving them ‘an opening' or ‘a shot' or ‘my big shot' and seem wholly unaware of the carnal entendres involved.” The ticket ($195 for the 1998 show, obviously probably more now) would be well worth it for this type of bizzarro entertainment.
Well I hope you found this interesting! Thanks for reading! I'll be back sooner next time than I was this time; I hope to take care of some stuff in my life the past few months and haven't gotten around to blogging.
-ya boy Jules
Ahead of the release of Bentley's Flying Spur, the company have unveiled an interactive image of Dubai – clocking in at 57.7billion megapixels. The campaign invites users to move around the scene in order to locate their latest car model.
The team suspended a camera 264 meters up the Cayan Tower (where else?!) in order to create what is now officially the world's most detailed landscape image. A whopping total of 1,825 individual frames were electronically stitched together in order to produce the final result.
As you can imagine, there were numerous obstacles encountered during the shooting process – for one, the camera had to cope with 40°C heat which was creating a haze, as well as 25 km/h wind. Bentley reportedly approached NASA for the tech to take the picture.
Zooming in on the photo will reveal a Bentley Flying Spur W12 S parked at the marina. So high is the image resolution that you can actually get so close to the car's badge to read it despite the camera being so far away.
Bentley have previously created a 53 billion pixel images of the Muslanne on Golden Gate Bridge in California.
You can have a play of the interactive image for yourself right here.
[via DailyMail]
PULLMAN, Wash. – Washington State University and the WSU College of Agricultural, Human and Natural Resources Sciences Wednesday issued the following statement regarding public statements made by Rob Wielgus, associate professor and director of the Large Carnivore Conservation Lab at WSU, related to the Profanity Peak wolf pack.
Some of Wielgus' statements in regard to this controversial issue have been both inaccurate and inappropriate. As such, they have contributed substantially to the growing anger and confusion about this significant wildlife management issue and have unfairly jeopardized the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife's Wolf Advisory Group's many-months long stakeholder process. Moreover, the statements do not in any way represent the views or position of WSU or the College of Agricultural, Human and Natural Resources Sciences. These statements are disavowed by our institutions.
We offer the following corrections of the information in the public arena:
In an article published by the Seattle Times on Aug. 25, Wielgus stated that a particular livestock operator had “elected to put their livestock directly on top of (the wolves') den site; we have pictures of cows swamping it…”
In fact, the rancher identified in the article did not intentionally place livestock at or near the den site of the Profanity Peak wolf pack, and Wielgus subsequently acknowledged that they had no basis in fact for making such a statement. In actuality, the livestock were released at low elevation on the east side of the Kettle Crest more than 4 miles from the den site and were dispersed throughout the allotments based on instructions found in the Annual Operating Instructions (AOI). The CC mountain allotment is more than 30,000 acres and livestock are generally moved from pasture to pasture following an established rotation.
In the same article, Wielgus stated that a particular cattle rancher had also “refused to radio-collar their cattle to help predict and avoid interactions with radio-collared wolves” and that there had been no documented “cattle kills among producers who are participating in research studies and very few among producers using Fish and Wildlife's protocol.”
In fact, the rancher identified in the article has held a term grazing permit for 73 years and has worked with both the Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife and the U.S. Forest Service in the management of livestock in order to avoid conflict – following procedures outlined by the Washington Wolf Advisory Group. In order to reduce wolf/livestock conflict, the rancher has modified livestock rotation practices and utilized range riders to ensure livestock safety.
While the rancher is not currently participating in Wielgus' ongoing study, radio-collaring of livestock is not a Wolf Advisory Group procedure nor is it 100 percent effective at preventing depredations. It is inaccurate to state that there have been no cattle kills among producers participating in the study. There is at least one permittee who is participating in the study who has incurred livestock depredations.
The decision to eliminate the Profanity Peak wolf pack came after two years of careful work and scientific analysis by the Washington State Wolf Advisory Group, consisting of a collaboration between scientists, industry and conservation partners. WSU subscribes to the highest standards of research integrity and will not and cannot condone statements that have the effect of compromising that integrity.
Regarding future steps for preventing subsequent inaccurate or inappropriate statements, we are implementing applicable internal university processes.
WSU apologizes to our friends, our science partners and to the public for this incident.
Contact:
Robert Strenge, WSU News, 509-335-3583, rstrenge@wsu.edu
Forget email. This group of 40-something men has a much better way to keep in touch.
For the past 23 years, Brian Dennehy, CMO of Nordstrom, has been playing an elaborate game of tag with nine of their former classmates. According to the Wall Street Journal, the group met at Gonzaga Preparatory School in Spokane, Wash., where they spent morning breaks darting around campus.
Today, the game remains fundamentally the same -- one player is "It" until they tag someone else -- but with a few twists. Players can only tag in February, meaning whoever is "It" stays "It" until the next year.
"You're like a deer or elk in hunting season," one of the players, high school teacher Joe Tombari, told the news source.
WSJ explains:
Players get tagged at work and in bed. They form alliances and fly around the country. Wives are enlisted as spies and assistants are ordered to bar players from the office.
Geography doesn't matter, either. During one ambitious attempt, Tombari travelled to Munich, Germany to tag Mike Konesky, the Daily Mail reported.
Another time, Sean Raftis, who went on to become a priest, flew from Seattle to California to hide in Tombari's trunk, startling their wife into falling and tearing a knee ligament, the Toronto Star reported. Now, Tombari always checks under their car.
Konesky, who is currently "It," says the roots of the game started in school.
"Back then we used to get up to some crazy things like running through the halls, but after we graduated we went our separate ways," they told the Daily Mail.
Eight years after graduation, the group attended their high school reunion, the Star reported. Missing their prankster past, they engineered the new game as a way to keep in touch, sealing it in January 1990 with a signed "Tag Participation Agreement."
Eugene Laverty was pleased with many aspects of and changes to Aprilia's RSV4 RF Superbike on Tuesday at Jerez, but found limits with the turning of the machine and at the close of the day admitted "you can't be content to be two seconds off."
With all the major World Superbike players present in Andalusia, Laverty was eleventh at the close of the day, their fastest lap time 1.9s off pace setter and reigning world champion Jonathan Rea.
A new fuel tank and factory Aprilia electronics were among the items on Laverty's test list, and while they were happy with both, they feel chassis and geometry changes will allow them to close the gap to the front.
"There were quite a few changes compared to when I rode it in November," said the Northern Irishman of their first testing experience of the season.
"It took a bit of time to get dialled in. It was a positive end to the day. I woud say we are back to where we were at the last test. We've arrived at the same problem. We know what we need tomorrow.
"We're struggling to get the bike stopped and turned. It feels like it's pushing the front a lot so that's a direction we need to improve on tomorrow to get some lap times.
"The test here a few months ago I was happy to get that wet weather riding because I was able to get that ticked off. I was back on the Pirelli wets again and I felt great. In the dry we're still not there. We need this dry time. The last time we only had one dry day.
"To get where we are we've had one dry day again and we need to really work hard tonight and tomorrow to chase down those guys. To be two seconds off... We need to be within a second. For testing you can't be content with being two seconds off. We need to be in range of them and feeling more comfortable.
"It is braking, mainly in the last part and getting the thing stopped and turned. I'm really struggling in that area. That's just chassis-wise, geometry... The electronics are working well. There are a lot of different ways to approach it but it's pretty clear what we need to do - to get some weight off the front to help with my riding style."
Elaborating on Aprilia's electronics, Laverty complimented their ability to aid tyre conservation, and added that, sitting above a more compact fuel tank, the RSV4 RF now feels like "a proper little race bike."
"It feels great and natural. The guys had it dialled right away. Even with the test we had [in Jerez] at the end of the year, being back with the Aprilia electronics, it's incredible what they can do.
"I love that feeling, the way they allow me to slide the rear tyre a little bit without using it. It just seems to work well with my style. Even at the test a few months ago I felt back at home and able to use my strength again.
"It [new fuel tank] feels neater. For me the fuel tank is an important thing. That's where the rider is sat around. It gives you the impression of the size of the bike so it feels smaller definitely. It makes it easier to move around it. That's the nice thing that they've been working on. It's neat, well finished and looks like a proper little race bike."
Laverty's new team-mate Lorenzo Savadori was seventh fastest at the close of day one.
Judging by social media conversations, Chinese interest in Apple's "iPhone 7" appears to be subdued, a report indicated on Tuesday.
Comparing month-long run-ups before launch, 2014's iPhone 6 generated 15 times more comments on China's popular Sina Weibo microblogging site than this year's announcement, according to Reuters. The news agency did note however that there has been more traffic than for last year's iPhone 6s, which had few significant hardware changes. Apple is due to announce its new product on Wednesday.Ambivalence towards the "iPhone 7" was supported by the director of the China Market Research Group, Ben Cavender, who informed Reuters that local shoppers have expressed "muted" interest.In Reuters street interviews with six people, most said they would wait to see what the phone's features are like before buying, or hold out for a price drop. Only one person said they were definitely planning to buy the device.Apple could potentially be a victim of its own success, as the iPhone 6 was the first iPhone of many Chinese buyers. Only two years later, people may not feel much pressure to upgrade, especially with rumors that next year's model will bring more to the table, like an edge-to-edge OLED screen. Apple also faces competition from local smartphone giants such as Huawei and Oppo, who lead by a healthy margin. Apple ranks just fifth in the Chinese market despite being one of the world's biggest corporations. The "iPhone 7" is typically expected to be another interim refresh like the 6s, in this case adding a faster processor, better cameras, a Force Touch home button, and double the storage capacity. The "7 Plus" should add a dual-lens camera, and possibly a Smart Connector on the back.
In the wake of an incident involving team boss turned TV pundit Eddie Jordan at the British Grand Prix, there is talk that the Irishman could find themselves nobbled again at Hockenheim this weekend.
At the end of the British Grand Prix, as Red Bull team boss Christian Horner is being interviewed, former McLaren boss Ron Dennis is seen sneaking up behind Jordan. Subsequently, the camera cuts away to race winner Mark Webber, However, on its return to the interview Jordan is no longer wearing their headphones and is trying to get a new set from a BBC technician.
It was subsequently revealed that Dennis - naughty boy that they are - had cut through the leads on Jordan's headphones, thereby leaving the Irishman unable to hear anything. They were given ear plugs but experienced great difficulty keeping them in.
According to reports, Jordan is seething at Dennis' practical joke, a BBC source telling the media that the Irishman was "spitting feathers and wanted the BBC to charge Dennis with criminal damage".
Fact is, in the opinion of many, both within the paddock and those watching on TV, Jordan has become just a little too big for theirs boots.
When they first got the BBC gig, Jordan was extremely nervous and even resorted to getting coaching from a long-term friend. A year down the line and the Irishman, who is regarded as one of the key elements in the British broadcaster's pitlane team, can't get enough attention, what with their flamboyant clothing and endless contradicting of (fellow pundit) David Coulthard as they lay in to drivers, team bosses and just about everyone else.
At Silverstone, Jordan put Horner on the spot, telling the Red Bull boss that their post race radio talk with Mark Webber didn't appear genuine, however, in previous weeks McLaren's Martin Whitmarsh, Ferrari's Stefano Domenicali and numerous others have been publicly done over.
While this might be good TV, it is understood that there are many within the sport who feel that Jordan has got just a little bit above themselves and that the Irishman needs bringing back to earth... preferably with a bang.
There is currently a rumour doing the rounds that team members at two teams are looking for an opportunity to nobble Jordan in Germany this weekend, using Dennis' prank as the benchmark, while two of the most popular F1 fora in Germany have threads relating to fans wishing to "sabotage" the Irishman for comments they have made in recent weeks, particularly in reference to Michael Schumacher.
Other than the usual suggestions about tampering with their equipment (ouch) or holding up abusive signs behind their back - but in full view of the TV cameras - some of the others ideas being put forward are genuinely hair-raising.
Rest assured, Pitpass - and many members of the paddock, including, no doubt, the Ronster - will be watching EJ with relish this weekend.
Like most of my readers, I am devastated by the 2016 American Presidential election results (and by the Congressional election results as well.) I have waited a few weeks to write about it so as not to be reacting too emotionally to the results. Since that time my usual focus on philosophy has faded into the background as the country in which I was born and lived all of my life finds itself in perhaps its greatest existential crisis.
I hope that I am wrong, but the possibility of a fascist, authoritarian, banana republic with the power to inflict worldwide catastrophe is now a real possibility. At this time obtuse philosophical speculation feels superfluous and indulgent. So for the foreseeable future I will write about the grave situation in today's America.
But man, proud man,
Drest in a little brief authority,
Most ignorant of what he's most assur'd;
Their glassy essence, like an angry ape,
Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven,
As make the angels weep.
~ Shakespeare, “Measure for Measure“
First, a bit about my background. I have followed politics closely since I was a small boy discussing the issues of the day with my father, who themselves was an ardent student of politics. I grew up in the Midwest and my father was a blue-collar worker with a union job. I remember them first explaining to me that the Republican party of the 1960s in the USA was the party of the wealthy, while the Democratic party represented the populist alternative. (No doubt a lot has happened in the intervening 50 years, but to a large extent that analysis still holds true—Democrats give you affordable health-care, Republicans can't wait to take it away.) I remember reveling in their stories about the honesty of Harry Truman, the intellect of Adlai Stevenson, the oratory of Everett Dirksen, and the whining of Richard Nixon‘s “last press conference.”
I also recall watching the entire TV coverage of both parties political conventions in 1964 at the age of 9, something I'd bet my contemporaries didn't do. As an undergraduate I had courses in American government, American history, and political philosophy. Later, as a graduate student in philosophy, I had to pass oral exams on a required reading list that included: Plato's The Republic; Aristotle's Politics; Hobbes' Leviathan; Locke's Second Treatise of Government; Rousseau's The Two Discourses and the Social Contract; Marx's The Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844; Hegel's The Philosophy of Right; Lenin's The State and Revolution, and many others.
I also had a graduate seminar devoted to the study of the radical libertarian thinkers of the Austrian school of economics like Joseph Schumpeter, Friedrich Hayek, and Ludwig von Mises. Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations was also required reading there. And, as a young assistant professor I taught a class called “American Political Thought,” where I read most of The Federalist papers and was introduced to, among others, the economist Milton Friedman.
I don't claim to have mastered the above material, nor do I claim to specialize in political or economic philosophy. Thousands of scholars of political science, political philosophy and economics know infinitely more than I do about these subjects, so I'm not bragging. I simply want to suggest that I'm not a low information voter, and that I have some familiarity with various economic and philosophical theorizing.
Of course I recognize that in the USA today, acknowledging that you know even a little bit about a subject results in being labeled an elitist. My own take on this is that sometimes experts are too sure of themselves, sometimes people are jealous that others know more than they do, sometimes people can't distinguish between a real expert and a fake one, and sometimes people are just ignorant. As for myself, I know almost nothing about auto mechanics, programming a computer, playing the piano, and a million other things, yet I'm happy to have experts fix my car, program my computer, or teach me how to play the piano if I am so inclined.
What I have done in the last year or so—as our political situation has become more dangerous—is read literally thousands of articles about the current state of politics from reputable and intellectually sophisticated sources like The New York Times, The Washington Post, Salon, The Atlantic, and dozens of others. (Not from fake sources forwarded from facebook.) I've probably read more than a hundred in the weeks since the election. What I would like to do in the coming posts is summarized some of the best pieces I've read. As I go along, or at the end of that journey, I will try to reflect about what is most troubling in our current situation. Stay tuned if you're interested.
The News Minute|March 13, 2015| 11.33 am IST You might need to be an adult in order to qualify for membership into the state legislative Assembly, but the law can't do much when members of the Kerala Assembly deliberately choose to behave like little children, and even bite one another like little brats? FYI, it's a rhetorical question. The Kerala Assembly witnessed scenes of unprecedented chaos the Left Democratic Front MLAs trying to stop Finance Minister K M Mani from presenting the budget. For almost 40 minutes the assembly resembled a boxing ring, with MLAs from both sides testing their muscle strength on the floor. It was an out-and-out brawn versus brain scene. Brains simply dint stand a chance. Congress MLA from Aranmula, Sivadasan Nair has been accused of assaulting Left MLAs. They in turn has accused a woman MLA of biting him. Image courtesy: Asianet Visuals telecast by news channel Asianet show Sivadasan Nair and other ruling coalition MLAs trying to push the opposition MLAs aside, and in the ruckus JDS MLA from Kovalam Jameela Prakasam is seen taking Sivadasan Nair's hand and bringing it close to their mouth! Did they bite? Watch the video here Image courtesy: Reporter TV The one who allegedly bit The one who allegedly got bitten One hopes someone will start a campaign that will shame the MLAs into behaving better. Something along the lines of the money orders sent to the excise minister for allegedly accepting bribes. In this case, perhaps offers to contribute fees for kindergarten classes?
Lenzie Ezell, 22, is charged with cruelty to children, police say
An Upstate woman was arrested and put in jail after a neighbor reported a child playing in the bushes alone, according to a Spartanburg police report.Lenzie Ezell, 22, is charged with cruelty to children, according to the Spartanburg County Detention Center website.The incident report said a man who lives on S. Highpoint Road called 911 when they saw the child with no diaper, covered in “brown substances” come out to the street with no one else around.When the officer arrived they said they saw the child with no diaper, covered in feces, with an open wound on their ankle and road rash on their buttocks. According to the report, the officer knocked on the door of the home where the child was found and after multiple attempts a man answered the door. The man told police their girlfriend had a child but the child was asleep in the back.The officer spoke with the girlfriend, later identified as Ezell, and went inside the home.The officer said once inside they found pills scattered on the ground, feces in every room, no food or drinks, an open back door and glass on the floor, as well as sharp objects.The child was put into protective custody and taken to the hospital to be checked out, the report said.Ezell was arrested at the scene for an outstanding marijuana warrant, the report said.
An Upstate woman was arrested and put in jail after a neighbor reported a child playing in the bushes alone, according to a Spartanburg police report.
Lenzie Ezell, 22, is charged with cruelty to children, according to the Spartanburg County Detention Center website.
Advertisement
The incident report said a man who lives on S. Highpoint Road called 911 when they saw the child with no diaper, covered in “brown substances” come out to the street with no one else around.
When the officer arrived they said they saw the child with no diaper, covered in feces, with an open wound on their ankle and road rash on their buttocks.
According to the report, the officer knocked on the door of the home where the child was found and after multiple attempts a man answered the door.
The man told police their girlfriend had a child but the child was asleep in the back.
The officer spoke with the girlfriend, later identified as Ezell, and went inside the home.
The officer said once inside they found pills scattered on the ground, feces in every room, no food or drinks, an open back door and glass on the floor, as well as sharp objects.
The child was put into protective custody and taken to the hospital to be checked out, the report said.
Ezell was arrested at the scene for an outstanding marijuana warrant, the report said.
AlertMe
The realest joke in all marketing came three years ago in the form of an Onion article.
As the entire media industry salivated over sponsored content as the new savior of publishing business models everywhere, The Onion released its Michelangelo: “Sponsored Content Pretty F*cking Awesome.” It revealed the naked absurdity of native advertising in a way that a blog post from Jeff Jarvis or Michael Wolfe never could:
“I would say that I'm happiest when I'm being taken advantage of and duped into reading what is essentially a company's propaganda disguised as actual editorial content,” said Colorado resident Colin Portman, adding that they wanted to personally thank media publications for regularly including sponsored content in their production schedules. “See, when I'm reading an article and then I have to take a step back and say, ‘Wait a minute, the font, writing style, and overall tone is like the website I typically enjoy, but this is actually an advertisement for a car company,' I smile and just keep on reading. It's like a treat.”
After that post was published, however, a funny thing happened: The Onion became one of the industry's most effective creators of sponsored content. Its in-house agency, Onion Labs, grew quickly, and 90 percent of The Onion's advertising deals now have a custom content component. That custom content has a reputation for being pretty damn funny—like this absurd video for Allegra that shows a woman petting sponges. While other publishers struggle to effectively present sponsored content to readers, The Onion does it well by making fun of itself, prompting readers with calls-to-action teasers like: “Click on this link and know the rush of being part of journalism's decay. Brought to you buy Four Loko.” While many media companies are burning through VC cash, The Onion is profitable, largely thanks to its native ad deals.
I recently caught up with Rick Hamann, CCO of The Onion, who's been helping lead The Onion's sponsored content efforts since they came to the company in 2016. We discussed how brands can be funny, why so much branded content sucks, and how the rise of platforms like Facebook Instant Articles is changing the native ad model as we know it.
The most impressive thing about The Onion's native advertising is that you actually get brands to take risks and be funny. Brands are usually adverse to doing anything that falls outside the safe zone. How do you get them to take those risks?
What? Are you kidding? (Laughs.)
Yes, it can be really scary to do any advertising or marketing, and to team up with a publication like The Onion can be even more daunting. We approach it in a way that always best serves the client and their business model. We never go out of our way to humiliate a client or do something that's going to make them uncomfortable and make their shareholders angry or CMO angry.
We work hand in hand with the marketers to figure out where that line is, and we'll dance as close to that line as we can.
How much meddling do you allow the brands to have in the campaigns?
It's really on a case-by-case basis. If a brand really wants to draft off the voice of The Onion and bring something to life that is Onion-branded, we have agreed collectively that there won't be a lot of input. We definitely make sure the client sees things, and if there are issues from a legal standpoint or jokes that will really get somebody in trouble, we're fine replacing things.
We also offer ad products that our client can really be involved in. We have things that are still within the comedic sensibilities of The Onion, but not necessarily Onion-branded. We still put a lot of thought and care into them. But because they aren't Onion-branded, we do have a bit more leeway. As a client, you can have specific messaging or specific ways to shoe a product in there. We have some flexibility.
Do you ever turn brands away?
No. I think brands mostly self-select out. There are occasions where we can't solve a problem for a brand, and we'll mutually shake hands and say goodbye. It's rare, if ever, that we just say no. We'll always take a call and see if there's something we can do.
You seem to have found a sweet spot with branded content. Why do you think so much of the branded content out there just sucks?
It's the same reason the majority of advertising sucks: It's just really really difficult to do. To make great comedy is incredibly difficult. That's why The Onion is so adamant and passionate about its process. It's really fucking tough. It's really fucking tough to make branded content that's good. It's not going to work all the time. I'm not going to claim to understand how other places view branded content, or dissect what makes a bad one. I just do know that it's really tough. Sometimes it just doesn't work.
It seems like every time a publisher roles out native advertising, you hear the same promise: “This is going to be just as good as our editorial!” But that's pretty much never the case. Do you think it's a false promise?
It's a noble promise, but whenever an advertiser gets involved, it makes things that much harder. It doesn't make it impossible. But to create work that really resonates, just by the nature of how difficult advertising it is, and how difficult it is to get people to engage with it, it sets the bar that much higher.
It needs real care and real passion—people within an organization that actually want to do it, to make it work. It's not everybody's favorite job, but there are people who come from our editorial staff [for whom] branded content is a significant portion of their day. If it was left with someone who didn't know what they were doing, it would be terrible.
Do you have staffers work across edit and branded content?
There are people in the edit staff who are in charge of certain parts of the branded content work. Especially things that fall into the voice. They dedicate a percentage of their time to that. A lot of our contributor pool participates in the branded side.
It doesn't make sense for us to just create one piece of content, cross our fingers, and hope that it does well.
We also have staff whose entire job is branded content work. Depending on the project, there will be a mixture. The team will consist of people who hail from the edit staff and purely from the advertising staff.
I'm seeing a lot more of video native advertising. BuzzFeed has gotten really heavy on this model with the giant fifty-two-thousand square foot Sunset Boulevard studio. The staff is constantly cranking out native video content for brands. Has the mix between text-based native advertising and video native advertising changed for you?
Videos are incredibly important. It's very important to advertisers. We always want to make sure we're offering video ways to solve the problem. There's always going to be a mix of it. In my time here, our video offering has increased.
Are you usually selling it as a package?
That is precisely how we sell. We want to make sure we're creating the right mix—written, video, and social. Things that are derivative. Just trying to create as many different ways as possible to attack the problem.
Don't make a commercial.
It doesn't make sense for us to just create one piece of content, cross our fingers, and hope that it does well. It makes sense for us to create a mixture of content, then see it live in the marketplace, see how it performs, and make adjustments.
With all the new opportunities to publish natively on social channels—Facebook articles, Facebook video, Instagram video, Twitter video—has that changed the way you think about the branded work you do? You can create branded content and not just host it on The Onion, but on all these different places.
That's a really big part of our plan. It's always a combination of creating the greatest work in the world, plus being able to distribute it effectively and to as many people as possible. It is a case-by-case basis where we're trying to figure out the target and where best to reach them.
What are clients usually looking for in terms of returns?
Millions of dollars. I think that's what they want.
There are different ways to measure success for each campaign. Sometimes it's brand awareness. Sometimes it's simply reach. Sometimes it's being able to expand a campaign. That's why we gather everyone who touches the branded content work together, every morning at 9:15, and we lay out the business problem for each brand coming to us. We really dig in collectively as a group to solve it.
What advice would you give people who want to make their brand funny?
Don't make a commercial. The greatest mistake a client can make is wanting to create a traditional 30-second broadcast commercial and try to run it as a piece. That's really bad.
(Photo by Orlando City SC)
Match Recap
ORLANDO, Fla. – The stage was set for Orlando City SC and the Chicago Fire to battle for sole possession of the No. 2 spot in the Eastern Conference. But a duel between two of the East's top teams that would showcase City's Ricardo Kaká and Chicago's Bastian Schweinsteiger took a different turn, as the Lions were issued two red cards in the 26th and 67th minutes.
“When you go down to nine, you're certainly just playing for the draw,” City head coach Jason Kreis said after the match. “But when we were at 10, we were, as you saw—I mean, we didn't bring in [right-back Scott Sutter] right away. We wanted to shift Will [Johnson] over to the right-back. We wanted to leave on players like Giles Barnes, [forwards Carlos Rivas and Cyle Larin]. We wanted to keep attacking-minded players out there to see if we could hit them on the break. We weren't throwing in the towel by any means.
“And even as the game wore on, at halftime, I'm talking to the coaching staff about how we're gonna win the game, not about how we were gonna draw the game. And so all of our decisions were bending that way until we get the second ejection, and then it's just like, ‘How are going to hold on?'”
The Lions (7-5-3, 24 points) drew 0-0 with the Fire (7-3-4, 25 points) in front of 24,469 people at Orlando City Stadium Sunday night.
Orlando City suffered its first loss when right-back Rafael Ramos, who was making their first start and 2017 debut for the first team, was issued a red card in the 26th minute. A pass was sent over to the left side of City's box where Ramos and Chicago left-back Brandon Vincent collided. Head referee Ted Unkel issued the ejection to a crouching, shocked Ramos.
But Unkel wasn't finished issuing reds. In the 67th minute, midfielder Antonio Nocerino came from behind for a challenge and fouled Fire right-back Matt Polster. Nocerino immediately acknowledged the foul, but Unkel administered the red card anyway.
“I feel for the referees because they're asked to interpret things on a second's notice, and they're asked to interpret so many different things,” Johnson said after the match. “You know, does it endanger the safety of one individual? Is it reckless? Is it studs up from behind? You know, they have to make these decisions in a moment's notice, and that's why we're getting a video-assistant replay, so it's hard to say.
“You could poll a bunch of people, and I'm sure would say it's a red, it's not… But I felt we dealt with them well, so that's the, I think, the storyline that we're taking from it.”
Said left-back Victor “PC” Giro on both red cards: “First one was, for me, at maximum, it was a foul. If they wanted to give the yellow card, that's okay, but the second one, it was a bit more difficult to see and decide. It was a tackle, and it was a challenge, and the referee decided to give the red card.”
Chicago pressed for a goal in the second half, claiming 69.7 percent possession after the break. The Fire also out-shot Orlando City 12-0 (1-0 on goal) in the second half, finishing with 21 shots (six on goal).
The Fire provided a thrilling ending, knocking shots off City goalkeeper Joe Bendik's crossbar twice. After Polster ricocheted a shot off the bottom of the crossbar in the 91st minute, late-game substitute David Arshakyan took their chance. Arshakyan approached the box from the right and unloaded a shot that was deflected off PC and bounce off the crossbar again.
“You never know. Maybe it hits the crossbar, hits you and goes in the back,” Bendik said after the match. “Yeah that was—needed a little bit of luck there.”
Said Bendik on Chicago's possession in the second half: “I didn't feel like [Chicago] moved the ball very well or quickly enough. They were very patient. I give ‘em credit for that, but, ultimately—I mean, we had to park the bus in front of the goal, and that's very hard to break down.”
Chicago had perhaps its best chance at a goal before Nocerino was ejected. A cross into the box by midfielder Drew Conner found the head of Fire captain Michael de Leeuw, who sent an attempt to Bendik's left. At full stretch, the 28-year-old put both mitts on the ball to keep the match level.
Man of the Match: Joe Bendik
Bendik finished the match with six saves, coming up with crucial saves before and after City's ejections. In addition to their stop in the 57th minute, Bendik recorded a save in stoppage time of the first half against Fire forward David Accam. In a one-on-one situation, Bendik stayed on their line and forced Accam to miss far post. de Leeuw gathered the errant shot and sent in another strike, but Bendik was there to gather it seconds before halftime.
What's next?
Orlando City will next face Miami FC in the fourth round of the U.S. Open Cup on June 14 at 7:30 p.m. in Orlando City Stadium.
Victor ‘PC' Giro, Léo Pereira Vehemently Defend Left Side
In both of their third starts and third appearances this season, PC and center-back Léo Pereira performed admirably against a team that has scored 23 goals this season. Both players have experience playing together, as both started and played 90 minutes in a 1-1 draw against the San Jose Earthquakes on May 17.
“Really, really strong performances from them again, defensively,” Kreis said. “PC showed the type of effort and commitment and resolve that they have every time I've seen them play. Big reason why they were brought here was because of that fortitude and that ability to work as hard as they do.”
Said PC on their performance and partnership with Pereira: “For me and Léo, it's easier to play together. Obviously, we both speak Portuguese, so it's easier to communicate. We were able to understand what we want from each other, and we're able to understand what Jason asks from us. So, that reflects on the team as well.”
For Bendik, their experience in the draw against the Earthquakes helped their performances on Sunday.
“They got a shot at playing a few weeks ago, and they really took it,” they said. “So, they had their feet wet, and they were able to come in here and play really solid.”
Orlando City Embarks on Unfamiliar 10-day Break
After enduring eight games in one month in the form of three stretches of three games in eight days, Orlando City will have a 10-day break before its next match. That next match will be a fourth-round U.S. Open Cup match against Miami FC.
“[Looking] really, really forward to it,” Kreis said. “I just told the guys I think it's critically important that we appreciate the rest and we treat it the right way because, for me, rest is critically important to performance. So we need to get our bodies and our minds back calmed down because it's been a lot of games in a short period of time. And there's a lot of season left.”
Bendik, on the other hand, isn't necessarily a fan of having time off. He'll make the most of it, nonetheless.
“I don't really like time off, to be honest,” Bendik said. “Yeah, I'll spend some time with family and then get back at it.”
Highlights
56′ | Joe went full stretch for that one. 0-0 | #ORLvCHI pic.twitter.com/bBb3YW7tx9 — Orlando City SC (@OrlandoCitySC) June 5, 2017
NDR Notes
Sunday's match against Orlando City was Schweinsteiger's first match in Orlando City Stadium.
Orlando City saw its first two red cards of the season on Sunday.
PC and Pereira made their third appearances and third starts of the season.
Ramos made their 2017 MLS debut in Sunday's draw. They only played 26 minutes.
Scoring
Time Team Goal-scorer Assisted by n/a n/a n/a n/a
Statistics and Starting Lineups
Goal Assists Shots Shots on Goal Possession % Orlando City SC 0 0 5 2 33.8% Chicago Fire 0 0 21 6 66.2%
Orlando City SC starting XI (4-2-3-1): Joe Bendik (GK); Victor “PC” Giro, Léo Pereira, Jonathan Spector, Rafael Ramos; Cristian Higuita, Antonio Nocerino; Carlos Rivas, Will Johnson (C), Giles Barnes; Cyle Larin
Chicago Fire starting XI (4-2-3-1): Matt Lampson (GK); Brandon Vincent, Joao Meira, Johan Kappelhof, Matt Polster; Drew Conner, Bastian Schweinsteiger; David Accam, Michael de Leeuw (C), Luis Solignac; Nemanja Nikolic
Former independent MP Rob Oakeshott has panned the federal government's handling of the budget and says he's glad they backed Labor to power in 2010.
On the first anniversary of the Abbott government, Mr Oakeshott told a Brisbane Writers Festival audience he's now seeing what would have happened if they and fellow independents Tony Windsor and Bob Katter had struck a deal with the coalition instead of Labor.
Rob Oakeshott. Credit:James Brickwood
The retired politician said the trio had faced a blunt choice between former prime minister Julia Gillard's "transactional" leadership style versus the "crash or crash through" adversarial style of Tony Abbott following 2010's hung parliament.
"I think it's too early to call on many fronts as to whether it [the coalition] can be a functioning government but I've got to say one year in, and particularly the way the budget process is being handled, I'm very comfortable with the decision I made in 2010," Mr Oakeshott told a sold-out crowd of about 250 people on Sunday.
Russia Prepares to Legalize ICOs
Russia is currently working on a regulatory framework to legalize Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), local publications reported on Wednesday. This is in addition to a bill that is being finalized to recognize cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and ether.
Also read: Russian President Vladimir Putin Discusses Using Ethereum with Vitalik Buterin
Amending Law to Recognize ICOs
Russian lawmakers are working on amendments to the civil law aimed at legalizing ICOs, according to Vedomosti, one of Russia's largest newspapers. Discussion of the amendments has already begun by an interdepartmental working group under the State Duma, which has been assessing the risks of cryptocurrency use in the nation.
An associate criminal law professor at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), Elina Sidorenko, heads the working group. “The group includes representatives from the Parliament, including the initiative's originator Andrei Lugovoi. We also cooperate with other parliamentary committees,” they told Forklog in an interview published on Tuesday. “Aside from that, there are representatives from the central bank and the financial monitoring service.”
The Need to Regulate ICOs
According to Konstantin Vinogradov, Senior Associate at Runa Capital, there were more than 150 ICOs globally in the past year, which totaled more than $500 million.
Sidorenko explained that “legislative gaps exist which do not allow legal settlement of crowdfunding issues and ICO contracts,” according to Russian 360tv which also reported them saying:
The State Duma should undertake the development of legal mechanisms that would allow the verification of such contracts. They should also be designed to identify users and protect the rights of the holders of tokens to fulfill the obligations of issuing companies.
ICOs require investors to use certain cryptocurrencies, typically ether and bitcoin, in order to invest in their projects. The legalization of cryptocurrency in Russia can help large companies and small businesses that need investors, Vesti Finance reported market participants saying. “If the law is to allow the minimum cost of cryptocurrency transactions in Russia, this step will be the springboard for the takeoff of the Russian economy,” the publication wrote.
“Cryptocurrency Bill” Being Finalized
The working group has also been working on a bill to provide a legal framework for cryptocurrencies including bitcoin and ether in Russia. “The bill's text is currently being finalized. When it's done, it will be submitted to all departments,” Sidorenko told Forklog.
Early this month, Russian politician and the Presidential Commissioner for Entrepreneurs' Rights Boris Titov proposed for the country to follow Japan's lead and legalize bitcoin. Sidorenko echoed this sentiment, telling the publication that “our task now is to give some confidence to the market players and take the Japanese path.” They then described:
The bill will be a framework. Therein, we define the nature of cryptocurrencies and their status, as well as basic principles for the cryptomarket operation. Other provisions will be mostly referential. We don't try to create an enormous and viscous law that defines all parameters of a new market right away. Creating such a law would just hinder the market.
The topic of cryptocurrencies has frequently been in Russian media recently. In June, President Vladimir Putin met with Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin. “The conversation was held following the President's meeting with heads of major foreign companies and business associations,” Putin's official website states, adding that “Mr. Buterin described the opportunities for using the technologies they developed in Russia.”
Do you think Russia will legalize ICOs? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
