Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told lawmakers on Wednesday that a member of an Egyptian militant group labeled by the United States as a terrorist organization was vetted by three U.S. agencies before visiting the White House.
Napolitano said the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Secret Service all thoroughly examined the Egyptian man, Hani Nour Eldin, before their visit to Washington, D.C., where they met with members of Congress and senior administration officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
Eldin is a member of the Gama'a al-Islamiyya, or Islamic Group, which has been designated by the State Department as a foreign terrorist organization. But Eldin was also recently elected as a member of Egypt's parliament in the Islamic Group's political offshoot, the Building and Development Party.Napolitano, at a hearing on Wednesday, echoed comments made by the House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King (R-N.Y.), who said that as the Arab Spring results in reformed governmental structures in the Middle East, the United States — in an effort to maintain diplomatic ties with the revamped countries — may be forced to talk with groups and individuals that it once labeled terrorists, but which have now been democratically elected to office.“As we move forward, we are going to continue to have visitors to this country that the State Department and others feel are useful to bring to the country, to have discussions moving forward, who say they're members of a political party that in the past has been so designated,” said Napolitano.Napolitano stressed that Eldin was thoroughly scrutinized and not deemed a security threat, and that there were no mistakes made in the vetting process.“He was vetted before they got a visa against all known terrorists and other databases for derogatory information. None was found,” they said. “As they entered the United States, we too, vetted them against all of our holdings, including terrorists and information from a variety of sources [and] no derogatory information was found.”“Before they entered the White House, they were vetted a third time by the Secret Service. No derogatory information was found. So then we can have some confidence that this was not a security breach in that sense.”While in the United States, Eldin asked for the release of the Islamic Group's alleged leader Omar Abdel-Rahman, also known as the “Blind Sheik,” who is currently serving a life sentence in a U.S. prison for allegedly plotting to blow up multiple landmarks in the country.Napolitano said they knew “of no such intention” by U.S. officials to release Abdel-Rahman.King argued that the White House did not follow protocol for granting a waiver to a member of a group listed by the State Department as a foreign terrorist organization. They said it appeared that not only was no waiver granted to Eldin, but that members of Congress were not notified before their arrival, as is required by law.“The administration — whether it's this administration or another administration — may feel that some of these people can be dealt with, can be worked with, but if that's to be done, to me, it would seem it would have to be an open process, a transparent process where Congress and the people would know who was being let into this country,” they said.Napolitano conceded that King made a “fair point” and that they would look into the whether efforts were taken to notify members of Congress.
King pressed Napolitano further on whether the vetting process may have broken down, saying that because members of Congress were not notified of Eldin ever receiving a visa waiver, it raises concerns that the vetting process may have been incomplete.
“The law does not allow them into the country unless there's a visa waiver,” said King. “It may be a noble purpose, the organization may have evolved, but right now it's on the foreign terrorist organization list. He's a member of it. They should not have been allowed in without a waiver, which would have had your name and Secretary Clinton's name on it giving the reasons why.”
This story was updated at 6:58 p.m.
Many medical students lose the love of reading during medical school. This loss of passion is probably related to the massive quantity of medical books and journal articles that we are forced to read every day. It's hard enough to come home after a 12-hour clinic shift and still read/review for 1-2 hours, not to mention adding even more time for pleasure reading. Binge watching your favorite series on Netflix is much more alluring to most people than diving into War and Peace.
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
-Stephen King
Before medical school, I was an avid reader. Over the course of a given year, I would probably average one book a week (unless I happened to pick up a 1000 page tome). Although I initially tried to keep reading during medical school, most of my reading time had to be dedicated to medical books, text books, and journal articles.
There are dozens of posts online asking about what to read during medical school, and I've been asked multiple times for recommendations. Most medical students want to stay far away from anything even remotely resembling medical books, while others are looking for something to reignite their motivation in the clinic. Like batman, sometimes the book you need is not necessarily the book you deserve (or think you want), and I have been surprised multiple times over the last four years by what books have had a large impact on my life.
However, in-between semesters and on lighter clinical rotations, I was still able to sneak in a novel or two (actually more like 15-20) into the lineup. My interests have evolved from pure literature, to science fiction/fantasy, and now mostly non-fiction books. Some books were perfect for the lull after Step 1, and some I had wished I read earlier. I've found that WHEN you read a book is often as important as WHAT you read.
Luckily, I have been able to look back over the last four years and put together what I feel is the best non medical books to read during medical school and a schedule for when I wish I would have read them. (Disclaimer: Some of the books are ABOUT medicine, but I am choosing to interpret them as non medical because they don't actually teach you medicine)
Top 10 Non Medical Books for Medical Students:
When to read: Right before beginning clinical rotations
You may have heard of this book, as it is very popular for people looking to advance their career or become better managers of people. The book itself is well written, and gives pretty common sense advice: actively listen to people, don't complain, etc. Despite being somewhat predictable, the writer gives great examples and really brings these values to the forefront.
I actually listened to this as an audio book during two very long drives in the middle of my fourth year of medical school and wished I had read it right before starting my rotations. How to Win Friends and Influence People gives perfect advice for medical students in the clinic. Our evaluations are almost 100% subjective, and the difference between a Pass and High Pass (or even Honors) can boil down to how likable you are. I've found that by simply thinking about some of the suggestions in the book, I've felt some interactions going much more smoothly. In fact, I plan to write up a more in-depth review of it and how it pertains to medical school later (it's that good).
2. Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance by Atul Gawande
When to read: Right before fourth year
This is another book you may recognize (or at least you'll recognize the author). Atul Gawande's books are well known to almost everyone in the medical community, and he's enjoyed some moderate fame for their work on checklists and other public health measures. I'll admit that I find some of their writing to be a little too emotional for what I expect from a data driven book. But otherwise, the books are phenomenal.
Better focuses on the process of improvement. Specifically, Gawande highlights how skill can influence patient care. After reading this book I was highly motivated to do everything better. I focused on improving my handwashing, knot tying, and how well I did lung and heart exams. It was just what I needed to get back into the groove after a week of night shifts on a hard surgical rotation.
This book should be required of all students entering fourth year. At this point in your training, you can start to contribute to the team. You will get to do more procedures, your presentations will carry more weight, and the residents will start to trust you. Third year was a time to focus on survival. Fourth year is your time to start honing your skills, and to relentlessly practice the basics. Better will help you do just that.
The House of God by Samuel Shen 3.by Samuel Shen
When to read: Right before residency
This book has become a cliche, and is on almost every must read list. You've probably heard residents or medical students using words like “Gomers” or “Turfing”, which were popularized in this book. If you haven't read it, you should probably just bite the bullet and get it over with so you can be in the know.
Although it has many hilarious moments, House of God is a 100% brutally honest look at intern year (the first year of training after medical school). There is no sugar coating in this book, which I find to be one of its biggest strengths. For this reason, I would recommend reading the House of God in the last few weeks of 4th year as you prepare for residency. At least after reading you cannot say that nobody warned you.
When to read: Summer of 1st year/before Step 1
Yes, I realize that these are two very different books with two very different perspectives. However, the spirit behind them (at least for our purposes as medical students/residents) is similar enough. Both Machiavelli and Sun Tzu write about victory, whether as a ruler or military commander. Although I would obviously recommend reading both, it's probably sufficient to read either one. Both books are on the shorter side, so it shouldn't be too painful.
I read these books during 4th year, but again wish I had read them earlier. The sense of purpose and determination I felt after reading the Prince and Art of War would have helped me stay motivated during the long study hours of my preclinical years. Read one or both of these during your first year summer to get ready to conquer Step I.
When Breath Becomes Air by Paul Kalanithi 5.by Paul Kalanithi
When to read: (See Below)
This is the autobiography of a neurosurgery resident who gets diagnosed with Stage IV Lung cancer. The writing is passionate, and I was devastated by the end. There is something about being a soon-to-be resident when reading this book that makes it feel very real.
I'm not going to suggest a time frame to read this book, because I think it would be more appropriate to suggest a frame of mind. Unfortunately, when I read it, I was feeling down (rough rotations will do that) and I was almost unable to finish the novel due to how upset it made me. However, looking back on it I feel that When Breath Becomes Air has made me more appreciative of my role in life and for the privilege of being a physician. It's easy to feel bitter or regretful in medical school when you see all of your friends enjoying their 20's. But, after reading this book, most of the bitterness has melted away. Definitely worth a read.
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers by Mary Roach 6.by Mary Roach
When to read: Right before beginning of medical school
I picked this book up on a whim while visiting a friend in Boston right before medical school. Surprisingly, I think I found this book at the perfect time. Stiff is written by a non-medical author, and is more than you ever thought you wanted to know about dead human bodies. They write about everything from the history of cadaver usage to rotting corpses used to solve murder cases.
The mostly light and informative nature of this book makes it perfect for the summer before medical school. You will gain an insight into cadavers right before you start spending dozens of hours every week cutting one up. I felt like it changed my perspective on anatomy lab for the better, and gave me a new appreciation for the donors who have shaped my medical education.
Flowers for Algernon 7.by Daniel Keyes
When to read: During or before your Psychiatry rotation
In my opinion, Flowers for Algernon is vastly underappreciated. I can't believe how many people have not even heard of it! I read the novella version, but I have heard that the short story is also very good if you don't want to invest as much time. This book follows a man who is mentally disabled (from phenylketonuria if I remember correctly), who undergoes a surgery to increase their intelligence. The hero's struggle with their evolving relationships and deteriorating condition really highlight the struggles of mental health patients.
The psychiatry rotation is usually associated with lighter hours than pretty much every other rotation during third year. I had ample time to read, plus catch up on the other aspects of my life and then some. Flowers for Algernon really helped me empathize with patients suffering from severe mental health issues. Before reading this, I don't think I could have interacted with a floridly psychotic patient without completely disconnecting with them. I would definitely recommend reading this book during (or right before) your psychiatry rotation.
The Man Who Mistook Their Wife For A Hat: And Other Clinical Tales (Or anything by Oliver Sacks) 8.(Or anything by Oliver Sacks)
When to read: First year winter break
Oliver Sacks is a neurologist who wrote about unique and interesting cases involving the human brain. The cases range from bizarre human behavior changes after trauma, to surgeons with Tourette's syndrome. Their descriptions of patients display a level of compassion that I can only hope to be able to mirror in my future practice. Even if you find a particular case to be boring (which I can't imagine), you can still feel how invested this man was in their patients.
The Man Who Mistook Their Wife for a Hat was the first of their books that I read, but there are several others that I have been able to read. You really can't go wrong with any of them, so pick one and get to it. If possible, I would try to fit this book into your first year winter break. Long months of classroom work can really bog you down, and Oliver Sacks' works do a great job at rekindling your curiosity and fascination with medicine. When you start to lose your mojo, take a break and read about the huge tumor that turned a man into the perfect Buddhist monk (and Grateful Dead fan).
The White Coat Investor: A Doctor's Guide To Personal Finance And Investing by James Dehale 9.by James Dehale
When to read: Sometime before residency
If you've spent any time at all looking at medical student/resident/physician forums, you've probably heard of the White Coat Investor. He's an Emergency Physician who has been blogging about finances for doctors for several years. Many financial advisers or other moneymen take advantage of physicians, as our education can leave us with little knowledge on the money subject. Luckily, the WCI does a pretty good job at breaking down various topics that are relevant to new doctors with their first big kid paychecks.
As a medical student, dealing with money can seem far away. I had the urge to bury my head in the sand and ignore the increasing loan debt I've accumulated. But, with residency looming I've had to start catching up on my financial education.
The White Coat investor book is a great start. I'd recommend a thorough read right before you start getting paychecks (i.e. residency), but it does have some values for medical students too. Knowing exactly how your student loans work will pay dividends to you in the future. Just think of it as the personal finance class your school never gave you.
The Andromeda Strain by Michael Crichton 10.by Michael Crichton
When to read: Whenever you have time
Okay, I HAD to throw some Michael Crichton onto this list. I mean, how can you not include a medical school graduate turned science fiction writer on a list of non medical books to read? Even if you haven't read any of their works, you'd recognize some of the movies that are based on them. Ever heard of Jurassic Park? Yea, that one and many others.
The Andromeda Strain is a Sci-Fi novel written in a non-fiction style. It's full of suspense and is pretty medically consistent. Nothing makes me lose interest in a story more than terrible medical explanations or irregularities. Ever see that movie The Rock, where they had to inject atropine directly into the heart? Yea, that's a huge movie turn off for me. Luckily, most of Crichton's writings are accurate enough to be plausible.
I found the Andromeda Strain to be a very fun read, but I don't really have a suggestion on when to read it. There's no purpose behind this recommendation outside of pure enjoyment, so make sure you take the time to enjoy it. You might have an easy block during first year, or an outpatient three-day-a-week elective rotation during fourth year (yes, they do exist). But whenever you have the time, try to pick this one up.
Have you read any of these books? What non-medical books would you recommend during medical school? Let us know in the comments!
Microsoft quietly revealed this week that it will kill off the Aero glass interface in Windows 8 and replace it with a flat, Metro-like Explorer that's more in line with the company's current design mantra. But this change isn't just about obfuscation. It's about the Windows team abandoning the very market that drove Windows's success for over 25 years in order to chase a coming and potentially illusory market for tablet devices.
In the heady early days of Longhorn, circa 2003, the addition of “glass” to the windows in Windows was seen as both a major push forward and, lest we forget, a way to catch up with the UI translucency effects that Apple had previously added to Mac OS X. Since then, Microsoft shipped its first Aero-based Explorer in Windows Vista in 2006 and then deeply refined this UI in Windows 7 in 2009, adding the effect to the taskbar. But now Microsoft is killing Aero, apparently, removing the glass from Windows 8. And the real reason they're doing this may surprise you.
As has been the case so often recently, this momentous news comes not via an obviously-titled Microsoft blog post like “Why We're Killing Aero.” Instead, Microsoft buried this information deep within a mammoth 11,000-word blog post, Creating the Windows 8 user experience, that deals mostly with the history of Windows UIs (yes, seriously, dating back to 1985) and, for Windows 8, the new Metro-based user experiences. Why Microsoft can't just get to the point is beyond me. But I guess that's why people like me exist: To cut to the chase.
So let me spare you some pain. A full 10,000+ words into this book-length blog post, Jensen Harris—who, God help me, I just love the guy—finally admits that Microsoft, even this late in the development of Windows 8, is about to change the desktop user interface.
What?!
Here are the relevant parts in which Mr. Harris describes the coming changes:
“We want desktop windows to continue to feel light and airy, and we want a chrome style that doesn't distract from the content of the app … Aero was designed to help the app's content to be the center of attention, and for the Windows system UI to recede into the background. This is still relevant today, and while we are moving beyond Aero, we don't want to lose sight of these goals.”
“We made a conscious effort to relate the visual appearance of the Windows 8 desktop to the visual appearance of the familiar Windows 7 desktop. This helps people who want to predominantly use the desktop feel comfortable and immediately at home in the new environment.”
“We applied the principles of ‘clean and crisp' when updating window and taskbar chrome. Gone are the glass and reflections. We squared off the edges of windows and the taskbar. We removed all the glows and gradients found on buttons within the chrome. We made the appearance of windows crisper by removing unnecessary shadows and transparency. The default window chrome is white, creating an airy and premium look. The taskbar continues to blend into the desktop wallpaper, but appears less complicated overall. To complete the story, we updated the appearance of most common controls, such as buttons, check boxes, sliders, and the Ribbon. We squared off the rounded edges, cleaned away gradients, and flattened the control backgrounds to align with our chrome changes. We also tweaked the colors to make them feel more modern and neutral.”
Here's what it's going to look like:
And as Harris notes, these changes will not be included in the coming Release Preview. These are changes that Microsoft will be making later, before the final release. (Not a big deal, but I'll just point out that making this kind of change that late in the process hints of poor project management. Are they making this up as they go along?)
I'd like to highlight a bit of potential hypocrisy here. Harris notes Aero was designed to help the Windows UI to recede into the background, which is debatable, but even in this revision, the Explorer UI—which I'd remind everyone that Microsoft “reimagined” for Windows 8—is in fact bigger and more in your face than it was in Windows 7. In this doctored version of that screenshot, I've blacked out the bits that are chrome and left the actual content untouched.
There's about as much chrome here as content, a major complaint for any ribbon UI that's used on an otherwise “small” application (like Explorer). Seems like bad design to me, no matter the color scheme. But at least you can minimize the ribbon:
I'm curious why Microsoft never explained the need to remove Aero. But let me offer up a reason, one that the company had mentioned previously with regards to the downtuned Aero version that's appeared in Windows 8 builds so far and is mentioned in this mammoth post, too, but not with regards to the desktop:
It's all about battery life.
Aero, with all its glassy, translucent goodness, is bad for battery life. Metro, meanwhile, which is flat, dull, not transparent, and only full screen, is very good for battery life. It's predictable. There's no worry that people will run overlapping anything, eating away at power cycles, because you can't run overlapping anything with Metro: Everything is full screen and app lifecycles are automatically maintained by the system. God, the desktop was so pesky. How didn't we see this before?
Whatever.
Rest in peace, Aero. I liked you, a lot. Still do. And I'll miss you. I'm curious why Windows 8 can't simply include Aero themes in addition to something flatter and duller, especially for those desktop PC-using power users who will primarily use the desktop environment and not care about (let alone need) better battery life. But I'm starting to see more clearly what's happening here and starting to accept that Windows is growing into something that isn't so much for me anymore as it is for some mythical tablet user base that may or may not appear in the future.
That brings me back to my central complaint about Windows 8 generally and Metro specifically: This is a neat thing that Microsoft's building, it really is. But it should have occurred in something outside of Windows. (It should have been just Windows RT, minus the desktop.) Windows 8 isn't even Windows anymore. It's a tablet OS that's been grafted onto Windows like a monstrous Frankenstein experiment.
And, no, I'm not being petty here. In any technological migration, there are winners and losers and, sometimes, a majority of users who are unknowingly financing the move to something different. In the 1980's, for example, the Apple II business kept Apple alive while it foisted money-losing Macs into the market until desktop publishing arrived to save the platform and, ultimately, push the Mac well beyond the Apple II.
The migration to Windows 8 is just like that. Today, Microsoft boasts of up to 1.3 billion active Windows users. Windows 8 is not for them, not for the most part: We get a few bones, like Storage Spaces and quicker boot times, but the desktop environment is pretty much just Windows 7++ (or Windows 7+1 for you non-programmers). But it is those very users who don't want or need tablet functionality that are financing Microsoft's push towards an OS—that is not really Windows—that will replace what they're using. Maybe not in Windows 8. Maybe in Windows 9, or 10. But eventually.
Do I feel weird about this? Sure. I'm a dinosaur driving a desktop PC that Microsoft doesn't really care about anymore. Heck, I just bought a new desktop computer. It's like I didn't get the memo.
Message received.
The Avengers Deleted Scene Reveals Dark Alternate Opening By Katey Rich Random Article Blend The Avengers Blu-ray is set to hit shelves on September 25, and once again we're being treated to an early look at one of the goodies on the set, with Yahoo! debuting a deleted scene that was meant to serve as the original opening of the film. If you get a little confused when you see New York City in tatters, you're meant to be-- this was an opening that was going to start the action at the beginning, including voiceover from Agent Maria Hall asking "You wanted to know what went wrong." See what else happens in the clip below:
This opening could have done a lot to avoid the criticism of Hill's role, since they spent much of the film looking stern in the background while the real action happened elsewhere. But it's also an oddly dark opening to a movie that turned out to be pretty optimistic and energetic, promising some kind of disaster-- and even hinting that the Hulk caused it-- that winds up being a triumph in the end. You can see why it was an easy scene to abandon, and not only because it was probably very cheap-- footage of a disaster scene they had already shot, and some dialogue from Cobie Smulders inside a room.
Though this and the other deleted scene we've already seen, with Blu-ray is set to hit shelves on September 25, and once again we're being treated to an early look at one of the goodies on the set, with Yahoo! debuting a deleted scene that was meant to serve as the original opening of the film. If you get a little confused when you see New York City in tatters, you're meant to be-- this was an opening that was going to start the action at the beginning, including voiceover from Agent Maria Hall asking "You wanted to know what went wrong." See what else happens in the clip below:This opening could have done a lot to avoid the criticism of Hill's role, since they spent much of the film looking stern in the background while the real action happened elsewhere. But it's also an oddly dark opening to a movie that turned out to be pretty optimistic and energetic, promising some kind of disaster-- and even hinting that the Hulk caused it-- that winds up being a triumph in the end. You can see why it was an easy scene to abandon, and not only because it was probably very cheap-- footage of a disaster scene they had already shot, and some dialogue from Cobie Smulders inside a room.Though this and the other deleted scene we've already seen, with Bruce Banner being asked some tough questions , are a lot to get excited about, the eventual Blu-ray release will offer a lot more; you can check out the full disc details here , and look for our review of the 4-disc combo pack set in September. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Donald Trump has tended to fare worst in states that are mostly white.
That doesn't mean they haven't had great success in appealing to white Republican primary voters — there's no doubt of that — only that they generally do better in states that have higher percentages of nonwhites, particularly African-Americans.
Mr. Trump's stances on, say, trade and Social Security can strike a chord with voters. But studies have shown that their bigger appeal is as an authoritarian voice of the voiceless. Part of that has been rallying people — particularly those who haven't gone to college — who feel a resentment toward racial, ethnic and religious “others.”
As Michael Tesler and John Sides wrote for the Monkey Cage at The Washington Post last week: “Fifty years of research backs this up. Ethnocentric suspicions of minority groups in general, and attitudes about blacks in particular, influence whites' opinions about many issues.”
Some social science research suggests that the simple fact that President Obama is black might have contributed to a sense of lost power and resentment among whites, and, of course, Mr. Trump first came to political prominence by questioning whether Mr. Obama was even a citizen.
National POW/MIA Recognition Day
Observances of National POW/MIA Recognition Day are held across the country on military installations, ships at sea, state capitols, schools and veterans' facilities. It is traditionally observed on the third Friday in September each year. This observance is one of six days throughout the year that Congress has mandated the flying of the National League of Families' POW/MIA flag. The others are Armed Forces Day, Memorial Day, Flag Day, Independence Day and Veterans Day.
The flag is to be flown at major military installations, national cemeteries, all post offices, VA medical facilities, the World War II Memorial, Korean War Veterans Memorial, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the official offices of the secretaries of state, defense and veterans affairs, the director of the selective service system and the White House.
A Pentagon ceremony featuring members of each branch of military service is held annually on National POW/MIA Recognition Day.
*** This year you also have the option to order a larger size poster, 20"X30" in increments of 2 or 5. Please indicate in the comments section of the form if you would like to order the large poster and the number requested. ***
Scourge of the Betrayer is a book that's been lurking amidst the dusty, long-forgotten recesses of my Amazon wish list for over three years. Now that I've finally gotten around to finishing it I'm kicking myself for having waited so long.
It was social media that recently put the series back on my radar: after a few weeks of being regularly entertained by the Salyards' laugh-out-loud Facebook posts I decided it was high time I checked out their fiction. Imagine my surprise and pleasure when I found myself immersed in a gritty, startlingly intimate fantasy; one that uses realism and detail to draw in the reader, and maintains the engaging and endearing first-person voice of a rather inexperienced and anxious young man.
Our narrator is Arkamondos, an educated yet naïve small-town scribe. The main premise of Scourge is that Arki has been hired to chronicle the day-to-day activities of a brutal warband. Their new comrades hail from the shadowy Syldoon Empire. Led by Captain Braylar Killcoin, each man in the company comes across as hard-bitten and wholly at ease with violence and death. What really sets Salyards' writing apart is its charming and eloquent narrative voice, which captures perfectly the difficulties and doubts of an untested chronicler. Unlike other grimdark protagonists, Arki is increasingly horrified by the violent deeds they come to witness, and frequently questions their decision to join the Syldoon. We the reader get to experience their fear and shock – in complete contrast to the slurry of infallible, unshakeable antiheroes that the last few years have provided us with – and it's refreshing to have a narrator that we can actually relate to.
Though Arki as a narrator is almost painfully naïve, they don't shy away from observing and recording the brutal things they witness. They try to do this as impassively and professionally as possible, but naturally their own morals and personality colour everything they write. Arki is mostly left on the outside of the group, at least at first. This means that the reader is also left out, and we begin the story knowing next to nothing about what's going on: just like Arki, the reader feels as though they're stumbling around, completely out of their depth. And this is actually awesome – as long as you just sit back and accept the fact that everything will make sense eventually.
Above all, Arki's lack of worldly experience makes every page feel realistic. Armour, weapons and warcraft are described simply yet effectively; there is an undertone of quiet competence that conveys the sense that the author has done their research but chosen not to show off about it by blinding their readers with pedantic jargon and details. Better yet, Salyards doesn't assume that every single character possesses the same amazing skillset just because it's fantasy: not everyone knows how to load a crossbow, ride a horse, pick a lock or even pull a decent pint. They avoid stereotypes, and by doing so they give us characters that actually feel like real people.
The author deals with every other aspect of the story in a similar way. Sex is exciting yet ultimately disappointing; combat is prolonged and painful; death is graceless and unexpected. Arrows miss as often as not; ambushes are more likely to fail than succeed; bloodstains actually stick around for a long time; and every fight leaves the combatants with injuries both large and small that aren't just shaken off and forgotten about. And though Salyards avoids the more traditional elements of fantasy – specifically with regards to the somewhat obscure weapons used by certain characters – their combat scenes are never anything less than brutal, realistic and vivid.
For instance, one of the main characters' chosen weapons is a flail. And not just any old flail, either: this is Bloodsounder, powerful but dangerous, which grants its wielder mysterious knowledge and an advantage over their opponents. Despite this, Bloodsounder is not a whirling tornado of wanton destruction when wielded, nor is its use dramatic or over the top in any way; in fact, the first time we see the flail in extensive action it's used to gradually bludgeon a soldier to death in a tense, protracted one-on-one fight scene lasting several pages.
I've seen plenty of reviews complaining that Scourge is light on the action, and that the bulk of the story focuses heavily on the mundane either through word-for-word dialogue, or internal monologue. I'll admit I agree with this, but only to an extent, since I feel like this is also one of the book's main strengths. Yes, the pace is slow. Yes, there are extended monologues that could perhaps have been shorter. And yes, some segments can feel slightly repetitive. But all this does is successfully conveyed a sense of routine, of the daily grind of men who spend every hour of their lives in one another's company.
The plot progresses incrementally, but steadily. The fact that events are being chronicled in real time makes for a relatively slow pace, yes, but it also gives Scourge a pervading sense of immediacy and danger. And just because ALL THE THINGZ aren't happening doesn't mean that *nothing* is happening. Scourge represents the beginning of a journey – and a surprisingly subtle journey at that – of discovery, both for the reader discovering the story and characters, and for Arki discovering that maybe they can cope with whatever the hell he's gotten into after all.
And besides, the prose is so smooth and engaging that it's easy to forget that not much is actually happening. Salyards writes with an easy tone and a poetic flourish; in fact, their style reminds me (in different ways) of both Mark Lawrence and Pat Rothfuss. But Salyards' voice feels more natural, somehow – less choreographed wittiness and more self-deprecating observation. That's not to say it doesn't contain its share of dark humour and gritty dialogue, though. In fact, at one point I described it to a friend as, “a bit like if Prince of Thorns had been narrated by Father Gomst with a sense of humour.”
One last thing I appreciated about Scourge of the Betrayer is the fact that the author doesn't fall into the trap of having Arki explain every tiny detail of a world with which they are already familiar. The setting is mostly vague, simply because it doesn't need to be anything else but. Enough detail is conveyed for us to vividly picture the scenes taking place, yet not enough so that the worldbuilding takes over the story. Salyards takes a similar approach to history and lore: you get the sense that there's a huge amount of it lurking just beyond reach, but he's going to make us wait before we earn it.
I'm not saying Scourge is perfect. It's not. There's nothing major to criticise, but it is kind of rough around the edges in a few minor ways. There are bits and pieces – arguably entire scenes – that could perhaps have been cut without detriment to the story; and as I already mentioned, the pacing can occasionally be an issue. But it's a very good book nonetheless. And as a debut novel? It's seriously impressive.
So yes, call me a fangirl: I'm officially sold on Salyards. Now bring me more Bloodsounder. Now.
Dammit you horsec*nts, I said NOW.
Diagram of a chemical oxygen generator system
Chemical Oxygen Generator, Cut-away View
Commercial aircraft provide emergency oxygen to passengers to protect them from drops in cabin pressure. Chemical oxygen generators are not used for the cockpit crew, who are typically supplied using compressed oxygen canisters also known as oxygen bottles. In narrow body airliners, for each row of seats there are overhead oxygen masks and oxygen generators. In some wide-body airliners, such as the DC-10 and IL-96, the canisters and oxygen masks are mounted in the top portion of the seat backs, since the ceiling is too high above the passengers. If a decompression occurs, the panels are opened either by an automatic pressure switch or by a manual switch, and the masks are released. When the passengers pull down on the mask they remove the retaining pins and trigger the production of oxygen.
The oxidizer core is sodium chlorate (NaClO 3 ), which is mixed with less than 5 percent barium peroxide (BaO 2 ) and less than 1 percent potassium perchlorate (KClO 4 ). The explosives in the percussion cap are a lead styphnate and tetrazene explosive mixture. The chemical reaction is exothermic and the exterior temperature of the canister will reach 260 °C (500 °F). It will produce oxygen for 12 to 22 minutes.[2][3] The two-mask generator is approximately 63 mm (2.5 in) in diameter and 223 mm (8.8 in) long. The three-mask generator is approximately 70 mm (2.8 in) in diameter and 250 mm (9.8 in) long.
Accidental activation of improperly shipped expired generators caused the ValuJet Flight 592 crash, killing all on board. An ATA DC-10, Flight 131, was also destroyed while parked at O'Hare Airport, on August 10, 1986. The cause was the accidental activation of an oxygen canister, contained in the back of a broken DC-10 seat, being shipped in the cargo compartment to a repair station. There were no fatalities or injuries because the plane contained no passengers when the fire broke out.[4]
Story highlights A call between Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet and Catherine Ashton is leaked
In the recording, Paet talks about their recent visit to Ukraine
They say a doctor told them the opposition may have been behind deadly sniper fire
Paet: "The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence"
Don't read too much into the conversation.
That was the message Wednesday from Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet after a phone call between them and European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton was leaked.
In the recording, which was posted to YouTube and picked up by Russian media, Paet talks about their recent visit to Ukraine. They say a doctor named "Olga" told them opponents of Ukraine's ousted President may have been responsible for deadly sniper fire.
President Viktor Yanukovych fled more than a week ago in the wake of protests in Kiev's Independence Square, where snipers from nearby rooftops killed scores of people.
"(Olga) can say that it is the same handwriting, the same type of bullets, and it's really disturbing that now the new coalition that -- they don't want to investigate what exactly happened. There is now stronger and stronger understanding that behind snipers, it was not Yanukovych, but it was somebody from the new coalition," Paet told Ashton.
JUST WATCHED Turmoil continues in Ukraine Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Turmoil continues in Ukraine 00:10
JUST WATCHED Intel officials take heat from lawmakers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Intel officials take heat from lawmakers 03:41
They replied: "I think we do want to investigate ... I didn't pick that up. That's interesting. Gosh."
Paet's office released a statement Wednesday that confirmed the authenticity of the recording. It said the call took place on February 26.
"Foreign Minister Paet was giving an overview of what they had heard the previous day in Kiev and expressed concern over the situation on the ground. We reject the claim that Paet was giving an assessment of the opposition's involvement in the violence," the statement read.
"It is extremely regrettable that phone calls are being intercepted," said Paet in the same statement. "The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence."
Ashton's office declined to comment on the conversation, saying they do not discuss leaks.
CNN could not immediately reach the Ukrainian government for comment, nor could it confirm the identity of "Olga."
Russia's state-news agency RIA-Novosti said they were Olga Bogomolets, chief coordinator of medical aid at the main protest camp in Independence Square.
CNN has previously talked to Bogomolets. They volunteered last month to treat protesters and accused forces of shooting to kill, saying they had treated 13 people they believed had been targeted by "professional snipers."
"They were shot directly to their hearts, their brain and to their neck," they said. "They didn't give any chance to doctors, for us, to save lives."
The recording is the second such recent leak on Ukraine.
Early last month, a leaked audio recording of a phone call allegedly caught a U.S. diplomat to Europe using profanity to express strong frustrations with inaction and indecision by the European Union in resolving the crisis.
In the conversation, voices closely resembling those of Assistant Secretary for European Affairs Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt discuss a plan to broker a deal between the Ukrainian government and the opposition.
At one point the woman, who sounds like Nuland, can be heard saying "f**k the EU."
The call could not be independently verified, and it was not clear when and where it was recorded.
Detroit Was Just the Beginning: The Crisis of City Pension Systems in Michigan
Detroit Was Just the Beginning: The Crisis of City Pension Systems in Michigan Local government pensions are less than 65 percent funded
In 2014, Detroit retirees learned the consequences of waiting too long to reform pensions. Retirees took a $1.3 billion hit to their pensions because of a mismanaged and underfunded system. Michigan taxpayers had to pay $200 million to clean up the problem.
But other municipalities around Michigan have underfunded systems, too, and only some are taking concrete steps to solve the problem.
Michigan Capitol Confidential looked at Michigan's 100 largest cities and found that 80 of the systems were underfunded. Combined, these 80 cities and townships have only saved 62 percent of what they will need to pay the pensions of future retirees. Even after Detroit's recent bankruptcy settlement, their total unfunded liability equaled $4.6 billion.
Five cities contributed the most to this liability, responsible for over half the total. Detroit comes in at the top of the list with a $1.6 billion liability. Flint's unfunded liability is $285 million, Lansing's is $246 million, Warren's is $207 million and Sterling Heights' is $166 million. The total unfunded liability of these four cities is $2.5 billion.
Of the 20 cities that are not considered underfunded, most (14) offer a defined contribution retirement plan instead of a defined benefit pension plan.
Of the remaining six cities, five have closed their defined benefit plan and are paying off accrued liabilities, while all new employees join a defined contribution plan. Only Kalamazoo has a defined benefit plan that is fully funded and still open to new employees.
Rochester Hills, the 21st-largest city in Michigan, has never offered a defined benefit pension plan to its employees. Since its incorporation in 1984, the city has never had any retiree liabilities and Mayor Bryan Barnett says this has allowed it to fund other priorities.
"Maintaining a defined contribution program has allowed us the financial freedom to invest in our infrastructure as well as quality-of-life components our residents enjoy,” Barnett said. “Strong conservative fiscal management has positioned our city in the top 5 percent for financial stability in the state and certainly is one of the reasons we've been named one of the top ten places to live in America."
Pension problems vary in severity across Michigan. Grand Rapids, the state's second-largest city, closed its plan to new employees in 2014 and is now 97 percent funded.
Pension Funding of Michigan's 100 Largest Cities (PDF)
Ann Arbor and Dearborn are funded at 88 and 89 percent, respectively. Ann Arbor has a liability of $65 million while Dearborn is underfunded by $20 million.
Some cities are much worse off. Taylor, Saginaw and East Lansing are funded at less than 60 percent, meaning they've only put aside a bit more than half of what will be needed.
Lincoln Park, the 45th-largest city in Michigan, has the lowest funded percentage. Its defined benefit plan is 21 percent funded and has a $93 million unfunded liability. Until late 2015, Lincoln Park had an emergency manager to resolve its financial crisis.
James Freed, the city manager of Port Huron, discussed the crisis of unfunded pension liability.
“Our annual contributions to our pension and OPEB (Other Post Employment Benefits) costs are steadily climbing and consuming more and more of our limited resources,” Freed said. “At this point, it is unsustainable without real reform. Unfunded liabilities are the greatest issue the city of Port Huron faces and if left unaddressed it will affect our ability to provide services to our residents.”
Port Huron's pension system is 60 percent funded, and it has a $55 million liability. There are 335 people currently collecting benefits, and 275 more who can collect in the future.
In 2015, Port Huron spent $7.8 million on pension and other post-employment benefit costs. This is slightly more than the $7.6 million Port Huron spent on police services.
If you can make it to Oregon's state capitol in Salem this Saturday afternoon, June 27, you'll hear Sheriff Joe Arpaio (Maricopa County, Arizona) address a Grassroots Rally focused on the 2nd Amendment, limited government, getting tough on crime, Official English, and E-Verify.
The latter two items are the subjects of initiatives that Oregonians for Immigration Reform [OFIR] are working to qualify for the 2016 ballot, following up their overwhelming victory last November in overturning driver's licenses for illegal aliens. (OFIR is an invited participant in Saturday's rally, which is a project of the Oregon Republican Party.)
One lucky rally attendee who's willing to splurge $5 for a raffle ticket will walk away with a pair of the pink underwear shorts that "Sheriff Joe," famously, supplies to clothe their jail's inmates. There are also several other customs, Arpaio-themed prizes.
According to the local newspaper,
Arizona's Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a no-frills lawman known nationally for their conservative stance on immigration and hard-line policing, will be the lead speaker at an Oregon Republican Party rally scheduled for the Capitol steps at 3 p.m. Saturday. “I'll be talking about the thousands of people we turn over to ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) in my jails, and how 36 percent come back,” Arpaio said. “Most politicians go to the border for a photo-op, but I've worked there. I have background.” [“Toughest Sheriff” Arpaio to speak at rally in Salem by Gordon Friedman, Statesman-Journal, June 24, 2015]
The steps of the capitol building have been reserved for the rally. OFIR's president Cynthia Kendoll told me that they hope there will be a large, enthusiastic turnout of immigration patriots—even in the face of anticipated record-breaking temperatures—because the illegal-immigration brigades are organizing a simultaneous counter rally to demonize Arpaio, across the street from the capitol.
Causa Oregon broadcast an email—in both English and Spanish—announcing the counter rally. They griped about Arpaio and about OFIR's "two unpopular xenophobic" ballot measures, "one mandating the costly and flawed E-verify system for Oregon businesses ..."
Those are typical examples of open-borders fanatics' willingness to say anything, no matter how disconnected to reality. Gauging by how decisively illegal aliens' driver's licenses went down to defeat, it's unlikely that either E-Verify or Official English initiatives will be "unpopular" if Oregon voters are given a crack at them. Further, the "costly" E-Verify is free to its users and has no intrinsic "flaws," just being somewhat vulnerable to the identity theft that is rampant these years.
(As for "xenophobic," meh—those who oppose illegal immigration generally aren't afraid of illegal aliens' foreignness. We just want them to go home.)
So Oregon's immigration patriots who can attend the rally should make every effort to do so. You'll be "showing the flag" to those who disdain it. And it's your chance to meet the OFIR folks if you're not already joined up.
One of many from the Lone Star State participating among the top quarterbacks in America this weekend at the Elite 11 Semifinals, four-star Jalen Hurts had some big news to share about their recruitment along the way.
The Channelview (Tex.) standout has committed to the University of Alabama, they announced.
The Crimson Tide offered shortly after national signing day 2015 and they visited Tuscaloosa in early April, naming Alabama as a favorite along with others in the SEC and Big 12.
Hurts, a dual-threat option long on record wanting to make a commitment before the beginning of their senior season, is likely the only quarterback prospect Nick Saban and company will take in the class of 2016.  They are currently the No. 17 prospect at the position nationally.
BamaMag.com will have more on this breaking news.
Junior Highlights: Jalen Hurts
Senator says membership is soaring as Liberal base becomes disaffected with general direction of party
Cory Bernardi has said their Australian Conservative party has had a surge of more than 700 new members in the days since the Coalition's budget, with many of them resigning from the Liberal party.
The former Liberal said there had been huge pushback from the Liberal party base over the budget – which increased taxes on banks and the Medicare levy for the National Disability Insurance Scheme.
Gasp! Budget finally admits 'revenue problem', but attacks on welfare are the same old spin Read more
“There's huge pushback,” Bernardi told Guardian Australia. “A lot of people are copying me into emails to local Liberal branches announcing their intention to finally resign.”
Bernardi said while they had not had a chance to look at all the emails, new members tended not to nominate a particular budget measure – it was more about the vibe.
“It is a bit like the Castle, it was the vibe,” Bernardi said. “It could be commitment to new taxes, the abandonment of principle, the idea that the Liberal party is not the party they were meant to be.”
They described John Howard's criticism of the budget as extraordinary. “I think the Liberal base are thinking this is not the party we joined, we didn't join the Malcolm Turnbull Lib team, we didn't join an imitation of the Liberal party that believes in these things,” Bernardi said.
“They might not be the 51% of Australia but they are a substantial minority. They are saying we are concerned at the level of taxes and the size of government and the major parties seem to have thrown up their hands.”
The South Australian senator said their new members had come largely from Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland.
So far, the reaction on the government benches to the budget has been mostly supportive. While some MPs privately report that the Liberal base has been unhappy about the tax increases, there has been little overt criticism of individual budget measures.
While Tony Abbott quipped about their less than enthusiastic applause for the treasurer, they endorsed some budget measures such as the welfare changes, the infrastructure package, small business tax breaks and the defence spending.
Liberal MP Craig Kelly said during their electorate events over the weekend, constituents were concerned about the level of debt but could not agree on what needed to be done.
“I was at a number of street stalls and everyone was concerned about level of debt, saying more needs to be done,” they said. “But when you ask them where the cuts should be, everyone comes up with a different answer.”
They said there seemed to be general support for the increase in the Medicare levy by 0.5% to fully fund the National Disability Insurance Scheme but there was some concern over the effect of the $6.2bn bank tax on superannuation funds and the share prices.
The case of Sony Computer Entertainment LLC vs. George Hotz et al is the gift that keeps on giving when it comes to bizarre filings and odd claims. Hotz's attorneys claim that they couldn't have known that Sony Computer Entertainment of America existed, since the manuals for their new PlayStation 3 remained sealed and the box only mentions Japan.
The documents also address that pesky PlayStation Network account that Sony claims Hotz created, and it may prove hard to find out who that account actually belonged to, especially when both Sony and Hotz are claiming the system in question has a different serial number.
First, let's talk about that PSN account
If Sony can convince the court that George Hotz signed up for a PlayStation Network account, it may be able to show that the Terms of Service for that account gives them the right to try the case in California. The problem is Sony's evidence is circumstantial, and seems to be easy to refute.
Sony first claimed that Hotz has a PSN account under the name "Geo1Hotz," despite the fact the account had no information that linked it to Hotz. The entirety of the evidence seemed to be that the names were similar. Sony appears to have ditched that argument.
"Now, SCEA claims that Mr. Hotz must have created a PSN account for the name 'blickmaniac' because the serial number of one of the four Playstation Computers that Mr. Hotz purchased—including 3 Playstation Computers that were purchased used—was used to register a PSN account," the filing stated. Except that serial number is problematic, as Sony claimed the serial number is "CG221368477-CECH-4489."
Hotz' attorney took a picture of the PlayStation 3 Slim Hotz purchased new, and included it as an exhibit. Let's see if anything jumps out at you:
Hotz' counsel also included a comment from their blog with another individual claiming responsibility for the account. "Guys, this is all a misunderstanding. That console that Sony talks about is mine and the PSN account was created by me!!! See, I live next door to George Hotz and we've always been good friends," the individual explained. "At the time I bought the console, I was waiting to be connected to the internet by my ISP so I asked Hotz if I could use theirs for a while. Good neighbors, that's all." They also added a very nice message telling Sony to "suck this," with the "S" in Sony replaced by a dollar sign. A fine rhetorical trick, often utilized in the comments to many compelling news stories.
So what evidence does Sony have that the serial number it has is the right one? The documents only stated that the serial number belonged to George Hotz, and then the attorney explained that the system in question was purchased at a GameStop near Hotz' residence, and the account was set up via an IP address that likewise is located near Hotz. So far no one has offered a receipt from either Hotz or the store proving that Hotz bought the system on a specific day, which would confirm the serial number.
The PlayStation Network account has multiple fields for identification that need to be filled out, and Sony has yet to share what those fields said exactly, only that the account's tag was also used by a person who posted on an Internet forum about a cell phone being unlocked, and that the system was purchased near Hotz's residence. These new filings show that the serial number claim may be incorrect, and it's not inconceivable that someone else could have used Hotz's Internet connection to create an account.
The box, and the manuals, are important for jurisdiction
The fact that Hotz kept their system and the box it came in may prove important, as their lawyer took multiple pictures of the packaging—including the unopened manuals—as proof that Hotz had no idea that they were dealing with a California-based entity.
"When one purchases a Playstation Computer and looks at its outer box, it has plastered on numerous places that it is a product of Sony Japan and all rights belong to Sony Japan. It only references Sony Japan—not SCEA.," the document explained. "When one takes the Playstation Computer out of its box and inspects it, it states it is a product of Sony Japan and all rights belong to Sony Japan. It does not reference California. When one installs the Playstation Computer firmware update that Mr. Hotz allegedly circumvented, which can legally be obtained through the internet as Mr. Hotz did, upon installation, it only refers to Sony Japan."
In another document, Hotz has declared, under penalty of perjury, that they were unaware of the existence of SCEA, and of the company's location in California. Hotz claims that the used systems in their possession either didn't come with instruction manuals, or they threw them out without looking for them. "The reason I kept the slim box (for the PlayStation I purchased new) was because it was pretty," they claimed.
Hotz' lawyer included images of the sealed manuals and the Sony Computer Entertainment logos in a number of exhibits. There is no mention of SCEA or California.
In a somewhat more amusing note, Sony listed as evidence a guide to "hacking" your PlayStation 3, but that exhibit was placed under seal, for the obvious reasons. Since we can't look at the guide ourselves, we have to take Sony's word for it, and Hotz' counsel argues that only two steps of the process reference programs or data created or released by Hotz. It was also pointed out that the exhibit "implies that Mr. Hotz's code in and of itself allows for playing pirated games," when Hotz's work was only a part of the subsequent hacks released for the system.
These is just the arguments for and against jurisdiction. We can't wait until the actual case begins.
So what does Sony have to prove?
Hotz is slamming Sony's arguments at every turn. Sony claims there is a PSN account that Hotz created? Well, the serial number is wrong and anyone could have made that account. The manuals contained information on how SCEA is located in California? The manuals were never opened. And the existence of a man named Bob Blick, who seems to have fun tinkering with hardware, was also used in an exhibit to show just how circumstantial the "blickmaniac" tag is as evidence.
Without something more solid to link Hotz to the PSN account created by the system with the serial number, Sony may have an uphill fight on the jurisdiction question. If Hotz filled out the fields needed to open a PSN account with their own name, Sony would have said so. If they had a copy of a GameStop receipt tying that serial number to Hotz, the company would have included it with the rest of the evidence.
|
The Chart you see below is taken from the base of the World Ban (WB) and shows number of tourists per year for Armenia and Georgia.
The indices are called: International tourism, number of arrivals. Based on those data Georgia has 6 million 351 thousand tourists in 2016, and Armenia—1 million 260 thousand. The difference is big if not taking into account a crucial “nuance”—there is an error in the Chart. Yes, mistakes can be found on WB website as well. The point is data of Armenia and Georgia are incompatible—they are different indices. In case of Armenia number of tourists is given, and in case of Georgia—of visitors. These are different things. Let's clarify.
Based on International Recommendations for Tourism Statistics 2008 (Compilation Guide, UN WTO, Madrid, November 2010) international tourist is considered any person travelling beyond his/her main residence for recreation, treatment, visiting relatives, practical, religious or other purposes, to another place for not less than 24 hours, and not more than for one year incessant.
Thus, his/her main purpose is travelling and not working, in case of which travel costs will be covered by financial means received from the working activity. In short, not all visitors are tourists. Armenia's statistics gives the number of tourists by this very methodology.
And in case of Georgia WB has taken the number of visitors. To be clear how these figures differ, exact data should be brought. In 2016 total 2.9 million visits to Armenia have been recorded (source: volumes of RA border crossing per RA border checkpoint), from which 1.26 million comprised tourist visits. In 2016 Georgia recorded 6.3 million visits, from which tourist visits comprised 2.7 million.
Thus, in drawing comparison either Armenia's 2.9 million should have been compared to 6.3 million, or Armenia's 1.26 million to Georgia's 2.7 million.
In short, our small index was compared to Georgia's big one, and that incorrect comparison was to our detriment. This “nuance” misleads many people, including former and incumbent officials, e.g. last week at NA session former PMs Aram Sargsyan and Khosrov Harutyunyan were arguing around this very number.
Aram Sargsyan was comparing Georgia's 6.3 to Armenia's 1.26. In reply Khosrov Harutyunyan said there is methodological difference.
However, the point isn't that. Before introducing it a few crucial circumstances should be brought. The issue is that Georgia's statistics clearly distinguishes which part of visitors is a tourist. You won't find in Georgia's statistics that they had 6.3 million tourists. It's clearly mentioned there—6.3 million visitors and 2.7 million tourists.
Simply Georgians do a small manipulation here. Compared to us they highlight not the number of tourists (like we do), but of visitors. And in non-official materials, without any formalities, they obviously distort the reality.
For instance, this March the footage, where Georgia welcomes its 6 millionth tourist caused a stir (threshold of 6 million was overcome in 2016).
In the footage tourist is mentioned and not a visitor. Surprise was waiting for the young man from the airport, they were transported by a limousine accompanied by the police cars, like presidents. Georgia's PM welcomed him, they had dinner and etc. Then we started to discuss it in a sense that Georgians work well, they develop tourism.
That we should take an example. However, in that admiration atmosphere a crucial truth was lost—Georgia doesn't have 6 million tourists. Last year Georgia didn't even have 3 million.
By the same logic this year Armenia may celebrate the visit of the 3 millionth tourist by organizing a festive reception for the 3 millionth tourist (we'll reach that threshold this year, as already stated in 2016 we had 2.9 million visitors).
In short, Georgians disorientate. Why? It isn't a simple “frolic”. It's a result of exact calculation. The footage (which is in English) is meant for external audience—potential tourists. And when a foreigner hears that every year Georgia receives 6 million tourists and Armenia 1.26, he/she thinks Georgia is more worthy to visit. Not accidentally that many people visit there, right?
Of course, a foreigner doesn't know that in that 6 million Armenia's citizens reaching to Georgia for purpose to fly to Spain or Bulgaria, or those intending to buy cheaper washing powder and diapers are involved. In this number also Georgia's citizens working abroad, who are back to their houses for the New Year for a couple of days are included as well.
Are Georgians doing anything wrong by giving a different number? No. As it's beneficial and by that they boost tourist flow.
As mentioned above the issue is that Georgians can introduce the non-existent for existent, and we don't even introduce normally what exists. Georgians can pack everything nicely, and instead of packing ours, we admire Georgian packages very often not going deep what is inside.
And in contemporary world marketing isn't less important, than the product and its quality. Maybe more important.
By Babken Tunyan
The shift from traditional pensions to 401(k) retirement plans has been a "disaster," fueling inequality and creating more insecure retirement for most Americans, a new paper from the Economic Policy Institute shows.
While traditional pensions put the risk onto employers because they are generally responsible for funding benefits regardless of investment returns, with 401(k)-type plans employers are shielded from long-term liabilities, instead putting investment risks on participants and not offering the predictable income traditional pensions do.
There have been winners in this shift—high-income earners, write authors Monique Morrissey and Natalie Sabadish. The high-income earners participate more often than lower-income Americans to 401(k)s, and have a cushion to take higher investment risks.
The paper shows that "Households in the top income-fifth accounted for 72 percent of total savings in retirement accounts in 2010 and were the only income group that had more than their annual income saved in these accounts."
In contrast, in many demographic groups, including black and Hispanic households and single people, the typical household holds no savings in retirement plans.
“401(k)s were never designed to replace pensions for most workers," Morrissey stated. "They serve primarily as a tax shelter for high earners.
"The 401(k) revolution has been a disaster, yet some policymakers are calling for cuts to Social Security, which will be the only significant source of retirement income for most Americans—if they are able to retire in the first place,” they said.
Therefore, the authors conclude, Social Security must be preserved and strengthened.
A handful of the charts from the paper offer a closer look at the shift from pensions to 401(k)-type accounts and the unequal distribution of savings within retirement plans:
(Note: “Defined-contribution” plans refer to plans like 401(k)s, and “defined-benefit” refers to pension plans.)
* * *
* * *
The mean (average) is skewed, because, the authors note, it is "driven by a small number of households with large balances." The much lower median figure shows the savings of a typical household:
* * *
* * *
* * *
Lena Dunham has been accused of “hipster racism” in a barbed parting shot by a black writer who has quit their newsletter, Lenny Letter, following a weekend of controversy for the beleaguered Girls creator.
Zinzi Clemmons said in a social media post that Dunham and their friends at Brown University in the mid-2000s were notorious among their contemporaries for “their well-known racism,” adding, “I'd call their strain ‘hipster racism,' which typically uses sarcasm as a cover, and in the end, it looks a lot like gaslighting—‘It's just a joke. Why are you overreacting?'” Clemmons wrote.
Clemmons—author of What We Lose—quit after Dunham defended a writer on their show Girls named Murray Miller, who was accused by the actor Aurora Perrineau of raping them in 2012, when they were 17 years old.
Dunham's defense of Miller was made apparently without talking to Perrineau, who has filed a police report alleging that Miller raped them in their bed after a party at the Standard Hotel.
Perrineau claimed that after a night of drinking, they went to Murray's room with several other people and, “At some point, I woke up in Murray's bed naked. They were on top of me having sexual intercourse with me. At no time did I consent to any sexual contact with Murray.”
“ One of my best friends was victimized in almost the exact same way by someone in Lena's circle... ” — Zinzi Clemmons
Dunham's defense of Miller appeared to rest on the fact that they knew them really well and they are, like, a really good guy, and wouldn't do something like that.
In an extraordinarily ill-conceived statement issued with their Girls co-writer Jenni Korner, Dunham said, “Our insider knowledge of Murray's situation makes us confident that sadly this accusation is one of the 3% of assault cases that are misreported every year.”
As social media exploded with outrage (Harvey Weinstein accuser Asia Argento posted: “You wrote me an email of support a few weeks ago and now you defend a rapist? WTF @lenadunham?”), Dunham sought to backpedal, issuing another statement apologizing for the first (the apology joins a long list of Dunham regrets, including a “sorry” for comparing Bill Cosby's criminal behavior to the Holocaust).
It wasn't good enough for Clemmons, however, who resigned from their post at Lenny Letter. And, not only did Clemmons accuse Dunham of “hipster racism” and make clear that they were appalled by Dunham voicing their support for Miller following their accusation of sexual assault by an actor of color, they also alleged a friend of theirs had endured a similar experience at the hands of one of Dunham's friends.
They said they had been “overcome by emotion” since reading Perrineau's account because “of its similarity to an incident” that allegedly happened to one of their best friends in college.
“One of my best friends was victimized in almost the exact same way by someone in Lena's circle,” Clemmons wrote. “It was never addressed, and they continue to move in those circles and has a powerful job. My friend was going through a hard time then, and we decided not to report it or take it further because we didn't want to expose them to more trauma, which would surely come from facing these people. I grew up middle class, with no family connections in the writing or art worlds, and my friend was from a similar background. We were powerless against them.”
In their allegations of racism, Clemmons writes that one woman in Dunham's group was “known to use the N word in conversation in order to be provocative, and if they were ever called on it, they would say, ‘It's just a joke.' I was often in the same room with her, but I never spoke to her, only watched them from far in anxiety and horror.”
Clemmons concluded, “It is time for women of color—black women in particular—to divest from Lena Dunham.”
Dunham has yet to respond to Clemmons' comments.
Many people have been asking me about how I organize my closet, and what I do to maintain my clothing.
Well, one of the ways I care for my clothing is by properly hanging them in my closet. If I could, I would probably hang every piece of clothing I own since the benefits are numerous. Hanging minimizes wrinkling, airs out fabrics, and helps retain the overall shape of each garment. Unfortunately, I don't have a gigantic walk-in closet in my apartment, so I have to pick and choose what I will hang, and what I will fold.
Here is how I personally do it:
Hang:
Collared shirts (dress shirts, OCBDs, etc.): Wrinkled dress shirts are no good- they are a must-hang. Wrinkled casual collared shirts are not as bad, but I still like to hang them up.
Dress pants: I generally use a regular triangle hanger and pass the pants through, letting them lay half on one side, and half on the other. You could go a step further and get a pant hanger as well. This reduces wrinkling, and properly airs out the pant.
Suits: Don't ever fold a suit, unless you're packing it for travel. Make sure both the pants and the suit are hung, and preferably on a hanger that has wide shoulders. Using a wire hanger could ruin the shape of the suit, and you wouldn't want that.
Sport Coats / Blazers: Just like a suit, make sure to hang sport coats on wide shouldered hangers.
Jackets: Rain jackets, parkas, field jackets, you name it. I hang them all so that they can dry properly, and also to be easily accessible.
Outerwear: My coats all get hung for the same reason as my jackets. Plus, I bet outerwear takes up more space when folded than they do when hung anyway.
Belts: The way to properly hang a belt is by letting them lay straight down. You can do this by hanging your belt buckle up on some sort of clip or belt hanger.
Ties: You can roll ties up and store them, or hang them on a tie hanger. I prefer hanging them.
Fold:
Knits / Sweaters: Sometimes hanging a sweater might seem like a good idea, but I've had sweaters stretch weirdly as a result. Thus, I fold.
Fleece: My NorthFace, Columbia, and Patagonia fleeces all get folded, but I can see why you would want to hang them too.
T-shirts / Long Sleeves: T shirts, henleys, and other thin shirts really don't have much shape anyway. I prefer to fold them.
Polo shirts: I've seen polos get weird in shape from hanging as well. I fold these, as seen above.
Casual pants: Cords, chinos, cargos, and other casual pants all get folded. Generally hot dog style, then in half, thirds, or quarters.
Jeans: I fold most my jeans, but sometimes like to hang my raw denim. Unlike washed denim, raw denim requires a bit more airing and are prone to creases.
Shorts: Shorts don't take up much room, just fold them once hot dog style, and you should be good.
Socks: Does anyone hang their socks?
Underwear: More importantly, does anyone hang their underwear?
---
So there you have it. My hanging and folding habits.
Just FYI, I personally hang most my clothing on thick wooden hangers. Why? First, because they make my closet aesthetically pleasing to look at each morning, and second, because they help preserve the shape of my clothing a lot better than thin plastic hangers or worse, wire hangers.
Yes, wooden hangers will cost you more, but I'll tell ya... they were worth every penny. Do yourself a favor and invest in some wooden hangers if you can, I highly recommend them.
Mathieu Garon has not started in net much lately.
With Anders Lindback emerging in net for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Garon's start against the Carolina Hurricanes Saturday night was just their fifth of the season.
By the way, the winner would be in first place in the Southeast Division.
And Garon took advantage.
“We had a great game plan,” Garon told Sun Sports after the game, “and we stuck with it for sixty minutes.”
Garon made 32 of 34 saves in a 5-2 Lightning victory where the Bolts came alive with four goals in the third period, bolstering their lead as the National Hockey League's highest-scoring third period team and highest-scoring team overall.
Tampa Bay leads the league with 66 goals on the season.
The game against Carolina seemed on track to be a goaltenders' duel before the Tampa Bay offense exploded suddenly in the third.
Despite 46 combined shots through two periods, the score stood at 1-0. The only goal came when Tampa Bay defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron (1) fired a wrist shot from near the blue line that somehow beat goalie Dan Ellis to their glove side.
Ellis made 22 of their first 23 saves before falling apart, allowing four goals on 16 third period Lightning shots.
Forward Benoit Pouliot (6) extended the Lightning lead 02:11 into the third when they put home a one-timer from center Vincent Lecavalier and forward Martin St. Louis.
St. Louis' assist was their league-leading 19th assist of the season.
Following Carolina forward Drayson Bowman's (1) goal under a minute later that cut the Tampa Bay lead to one, Tampa Bay picked up back-to-back goals to put the game away.
The first came from forward Richard Panik (1), as they scored their first NHL goal. Panik shot at Ellis three consecutive times before finishing the job and scoring to give the Lightning a two goal lead.
Just 18 seconds later, center Tom Pyatt (6) was left open in the slot and scored from center Alex Killorn's pass to put the game away.
A game that had seemed completely in reach just minutes earlier was suddenly all but over for the Hurricanes.
Carolina forward Chad LaRose (2) tried to make a game of it late, capitalizing off a rebound on a two-on-one break to make it a 4-2 game.
However, center Steven Stamkos, the league's leading point-scorer with 26 points, quickly reminded Carolina of their presence, deflecting center Cory Conacher's pass past Ellis for their 12th goal of the year.
Stamkos has also scored in four straight games, their second longest streak of the season.
The victory by no means solidifies the Lightning as favorites in the Southeast but it undoubtedly made a statement with its 5-2 victory.
The Bolts now sit two points ahead of the Hurricanes, owners of the best goal differential in the division at +13.
Tampa Bay now faces its third back-to-back of the season, as they will head north to take on the Pittsburgh Penguins Sunday night at 7:30 p.m. ET. The Penguins, winners of seven of their last 10, sit tied for first with the New Jersey Devils in the Atlantic Division.
Carolina also encounters a back-to-back, traveling to do battle with the New York Islanders Sunday night at 7 p.m. ET. New York is in last in the Atlantic.
You pay the new Impact Factor.
Get a full year print and online subscription to Nature at an exclusive rate of only $36/£36/€36. Americas UK ROW Europe Nature $36 £36 £36 €36 Please ensure your correct location is selected when reaching subscription page (right hand side). Your subscription will include:
51 issues of cutting-edge research, global news, perceptive commentary and archive access back to .
Unrestricted online access plus multimedia features such as Nature Podcast, Nature Video and blogs.
Access via the nature.com app for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.
Access to topical supplements including Nature Insights, Nature Outlooks and Nature Collections.
*2011 Journal Citation Reports® (Thomson Reuters, 2012)
All prices are subject to local VAT/tax where appropriate. To check if VAT/tax applies, go to *2011 Journal Citation Reports® (Thomson Reuters, 2012)All prices are subject to local VAT/tax where appropriate. To check if VAT/tax applies, go to www.nature.com/tax . Prices are valid until Oct 2012 and subject to change without notice. The above prices are only available to personal 1 year Nature subscribers who subscribe by personal check or credit card. Institutional subscribers remit at the full rate; please visit www.nature.com/libraries for details of site license packages. This offer is not available in Japan, China, Taiwan and South Korea — for regional offers please see www.natureasia.com
iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
A debate between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump would "get high ratings" and "should be in a big arena somewhere," Trump said. | AP Photo Trump: I'll debate Bernie for $10 million
Donald Trump on Thursday said they would "love" to debate Bernie Sanders and raise $10 million to $15 million in the process, even if the Democratic challenger is not well positioned to be their general election foe.
"He's a dream," the presumptive Republican nominee told reporters ahead of an energy-focused speech in Bismarck, North Dakota, when asked about their previous comments in which they appeared to accept Sanders' offer to debate one-one-one ahead of the June 7 California primary.
Story Continued Below
Then Trump laid out what the arrangement might look like: "What we'll do is raise maybe for, maybe women's health issues or something, if we can raise $10 million or $15 million for charity, which would be a very appropriate amount. I understand the television business very well."
The event would "get high ratings" and "should be in a big arena somewhere," Trump said.
"We could have a lot of fun with it," Trump said, before attempting to drag Sanders back to Earth.
Donald Trump: I'll debate Bernie for $10 million Donald Trump agrees to debate Bernie Sanders on Thursday. poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201605/265/1155968404_4913923746001_4913893120001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
"I'd love to debate Bernie. The problem is he's going to lose" in the primary, Trump said. "Honestly, their system is rigged just like our system is rigged. If I didn't win by mass majorities, I wouldn't be standing here talking to you today. I knocked out every opponent. You have to knock out and Bernie, unfortunately, hasn't been able to knock out but the superdelegates for the Democrats so — I mean, it's so unfair."
"So the problem, the biggest problem is that Bernie's not going to win, but I would debate them anyway if they wanted to put up money for charity," Trump said. "So we'll see. We have had a couple of calls from the networks already and we'll see."
KDE Announces 4.9 Beta1 and Testing Initiative
June 4, 2012. Today KDE released the first beta for its renewed Workspaces, Applications, and Development Platform. With API, dependency and feature freezes in place, the KDE team's focus is now on fixing bugs and further polishing new and old functionality. Highlights of 4.9 include, but are not limited to:
Qt Quick in Plasma Workspaces -- Qt Quick is continuing to make its way into the Plasma Workspaces, the Qt Quick Plasma Components, which have been introduced with 4.8, mature further. Additional integration of various KDE APIs was added through new modules. More parts of Plasma Desktop have been ported to QML. While preserving their functionality, the Qt Quick replacements of common plasmoids are visually more attractive, easier to enhance and extend and behave better on touchscreens.
The Dolphin file manager has improved its display and sorting and searching based on metadata. Files can now be renamed inline, giving a smoother user experience.
Deeper integration of Activities for files, windows and other resources: Users can now more easily associate files and windows with an Activity, and enjoy a more properly organized workspace. Folderview can now show files related to an Activity, making it easier to organize files into meaningful contexts.
Many performance improvements and bugfixes improve the overall user experience, making the KDE Applications and Workspaces more productive and fun to use than ever before.
Thorough and Rigorous Beta Testing
The Beta Testing Team
How It Works
informal testers install the beta from their distribution and use it as they normally would. They focus on familiar applications and functions, and report any bugs they can reproduce reliably.
selected functional testing involves a list of applets, new programs and applications that require full testing. Volunteers will choose from the list and test according to established beta testing guidelines.
Get Involved
Training
KDE Software Compilation 4.9 Beta1
More improvements can be found in the 4.9 Feature Plan . As with any large number of changes, we need to give 4.9 a good testing in order to maintain and improve the quality and our user's user experience when they get the update. Therefore, in tandem with this first 4.9 beta, we also announce a testing initiative lead by KDE's Testing Team.The KDE Community is committed to improving quality substantially with a new program that starts with the 4.9 releases. The 4.9 beta releases of Plasma Workspaces, KDE Applications, and KDE Platform are the first phase of a testing process that involves volunteers called “Beta Testers”. They will receive training, test the two beta releases and report issues through KDE Bugzilla The Beta Testing Team is a group of people who will do a 'Testapalooza' on the beta releases, catching as many bugs as possible. This is organized in a structured process so that developers know clearly what to fix before the final release. Anyone can help, even people without programming skills.There are two groups of beta testers:Testing is coordinated to make sure that people's testing time and effort are used as effectively as possible. Coordination gets the most value out of the overall testing program.This is an excellent way for anyone to make a difference for KDE. Continuous quality improvement sets KDE apart. Assisting developers by identifying legitimate bugs leverages their time and skills. This means higher quality software, more features, happier developers. The Beta Testing Program is structured so that any KDE user can give back to KDE, regardless of their skill level. If you want to be part of this quality improvement program, please contact the Team on the IRC channel #kde-quality on freenode.net. The Team Leaders want to need to know ahead of time who is involved in order to coordinate all of the testing activities. They are also committed to having this project be fun and rewarding. After checking in, you can install the beta through your distribution package manager. The KDE Community wiki has instructions. This page will be updated as beta packages for other distributions become available. With the beta installed, you can proceed with testing. Please contact the Team on IRC #kde-quality if you need help getting started.Effective bug reporting is critical to the success of the Program. Bugzilla is a valuable tool for developers and increases their efficiency at closing bugs. Reporting works best when done properly, so the Program includes Bugzilla training. An IRC bugzilla training will be offered in #kde-bugs (freenode) on the weekend of June 9th and 10th. Please visit the #kde-quality IRC channel for information about the Program and the Bugzilla training, or if you have any questions. Actual users are critical to maintaining high KDE quality, because developers simply cannot test every possible configuration. We're counting on you to help find bugs early so they can be squashed before the final release. Please consider joining in.
The KDE Software Compilation, including all its libraries and its applications, is available for free under Open Source licenses. KDE's software can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org or with any of the major GNU/Linux and UNIX systems shipping today.
Installing 4.9 Beta1 Binary Packages
Packages. Some Linux/UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of 4.9 Beta1 (internally 4.8.80) for some versions of their distribution, and in other cases community volunteers have done so. Additional binary packages, as well as updates to the packages now available, may become available over the coming weeks.
Package Locations. For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed, please visit the 4.8.80 Info Page.
Compiling 4.9 Beta1
The complete source code for 4.9 Beta1 may be freely downloaded. Instructions on compiling and installing 4.8.80 are available from the 4.8.80 Info Page.
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software community that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort. KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions, whether it is help with coding, bug fixing or reporting, writing documentation, translations, promotion, money, etc. All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted. Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information or become a KDE e.V. supporting member through our new Join the Game initiative.
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing. Among KDE's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms, comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications, multimedia, entertainment, educational, graphics and software development. KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind. KDE's full-featured applications run natively on Linux, BSD, Solaris, Windows and Mac OS X.
Trademark Notices. KDE® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners.
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email:
press@kde.org
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ryan said they are disappointed that they have been kicked out of rugby because of "the way they were made"
A seven-year-old boy who has been told they cannot play rugby because they wear goggles to improve their vision when playing has appealed to the sport's chiefs to let them back into the game.
Ryan Totten's poor eyesight means they are unable to play sport without eyewear.
But the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU), the game's governing body in Ireland, says they cannot take part in matches due to health and safety fears.
Now the County Antrim schoolboy wants the IRFU to change its stance.
Ryan has been playing tag rugby at their hometown club Coleraine for three years.
Image caption Ryan has been playing tag rugby for three years and now wants to move into contact sport
During that time has worn sports goggles that meet British and EU safety standards as they are too young to wear contact lenses.
But now they have reached the age they can take part in rugby involving contact between players, the whistle has been blown on their fledgling playing career.
Embarrassed
At a tournament in April, they were told to leave the pitch due to an IRFU ruling that bans players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play.
Ryan's mother Christine Totten said they were "upset, embarrassed and disappointed" that they were prevented from taking part.
Image caption Ryan wears goggles that meet EU safety standards as they are too young to wear contact lenses
"All their friends were able to play on and Ryan was removed from the middle of the game," Mrs Totten said.
"When they got home, they said they got kicked out of rugby - these are their words - 'because of the way they were made'."
But the rules are different across the UK.
In Scotland children can play rugby while wearing goggles, and the Rugby Football Union in England started a trial of the eyewear last season when it received complaints after introducing a ban on them.
Friends
World Rugby, the game's global governing body, has been running a separate trial of goggles for players with sight problems at all levels of the game.
Image caption The IRFU has not taken part in a trial of sports goggles in rugby led by the game's governing body
But the IRFU decided not to take part in the tests.
Ryan said they were "really disappointed and really, really sad" that they cannot play in matches with their friends.
"They said that I can't play because I wear sports goggles," they said.
"Please can I play again? I really, really, really want to."
Former Ulster and Ireland rugby player Willie Anderson said the IRFU should answer Ryan's call to change its policy.
Image caption Willie Anderson said it was unlikely eyewear would cause a safety issue at the sport's junior level
They said it was unlikely a health and safety issue would arise in games involving young children that are generally played at a low pace.
Inclusive
"It's very disappointing for him. He's obviously very keen," Mr Anderson said.
"For someone like Ryan there is not going to be much high-impact when they are doing contact rugby at this point in time."
The IRFU defended its position on eyewear, saying it "must prioritise player safety at all times".
Image caption Kevin O'Neill said a simple change to the IRFU's law would make the game more inclusive
It added that its policy on eyewear would be reviewed after it sees the results of World Rugby's trial period.
Kevin O'Neill, the chief executive of Disability Sports Northern Ireland, said there had been a failure by the IRFU to make a "reasonable adjustment" to allow those with a sight impairment to play the game.
"It's all about having a reasonable level of risk. The goggles have been designed to be totally safe," they said.
"From our perspective it's very ironic because a simple change to the sport would enable a whole range of people, including Ryan, to participate."
Run Swift for Windows without any extra software or paid services! Links: - SEFiddle: http://play.swiftengine.io/ - Learn Swift Lessons Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX - Swift Cheat Sheet: https://codewithchris.com/swift-cheat-sheet/ This is a game changer for everyone who doesn't have access to a Mac because you'll be able to try out Swift code straight from your browser window! Even if you do have a Mac, this is going to allow you to quickly and easily test out Swift code without firing up Xcode. The code snippets are also shareable via links so I can link to any Swift code snippets that I show in my videos. I'm most excited for all of those beginners who feels stuck because they have a Windows PC and can't download Xcode. No more excuses; let's learn! If this helped you at all, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends and co-workers!
Sister Rosetta Tharpe was the creator/inventor of Rock and Roll. I know there are many disputes that Chuck Berry, and/or Little Richard were the actual creators (all black individuals), but, Sister Tharpe predates both of those men. Two of Tharpe's hit songs were released around 1944-45 when Chuck Berry was both incarcerated and still a high school student. On December 23, 1959, Chuck Berry was arrested in St. Louis, Missouri, yeah the same place Michael Brown was murdered by Darren Wilson, on charges relating to their transportation of a 14-year-old girl across state lines for allegedly “immoral purposes.” Now, before you go gasping and blowing smoke out your ears, Berry was charged by an all male, and all white jury. A Federal Appeals Court in October 1960 ordered a new trial due to disparaging racial comments made by the judge in their original trial. Yet again though, Berry was convicted. But, more about my dearest Sister Tharpe.
They rocked and they damn rolled! Sister Tharpe was an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, recording artist, and creator of Rock And Roll. It was also speculated that my Queen here was bisexual. Born on March 20, 1915, they lived a life full of memories until their unfortunate passing on October 9, 1973. Sister Tharpe crossed the line between sacred and secular by performing their music in nightclubs and concert halls with big bands behind them Sister Tharpe additionally pushed spiritual music into the mainstream and pioneered the rise of pop–gospel beginning with their 1939 hit This Train. They received multiple recognitions including that from the American Library of Congress National Recording Registry in 2004, for their 1944 hit Down By The Riverside. This Black History Month, we remember and thank Sister Tharpe.
Advertisements
Beijing pledges aid to Pinoy fishers in Scarborough
PERU - China is not only allowing Filipino fishermen to return to the disputed Scarborough Shoal but has also offered to provide them with livelihood training, Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay said Sunday.
"The Chinese has offered our fishermen opportunities for them to develop and train, to make sure that their livelihood as fishermen will be strongly supported and they will be even able to engage themselves in the culturing of fishes that will sustain their families and their livelihood," they said.
Yasay said Manila, for its part, has pledged to temporarily set aside its conflicting territorial claims with Beijing over the resource-rich South China Sea.
"We also had made sure that any actions that would be taken by us will be precisely to just simply promote our interests; with the area of jurisdiction, territorial ownership and sovereignty will be set aside in the meantime until a solution is in sight in the future," they said.
Yasay's statement comes in the heels of a meeting between President Rodrigo Duterte and their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders' Meeting in Lima, Peru.
During their meeting, Duterte promised to cooperate with China as they asked the regional superpower and emerging close ally to "lead the way in the economic development" of Asia.
"As I have given you my word, we will cooperate with you. And I said, with my thrust of an independent foreign policy, we will find ourselves mutually agreeing on so many things and align our foreign policy towards the development of Asia," they told Xi.
In return, Xi asked Duterte to join them in 2017 at the BRICS conference, an annual meeting of major emerging economies including Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
Xi also underscored that disputes over the South China Sea should be resolved bilaterally, state media reported.
Duterte and Xi first met in October when the Filipino leader visited Beijing, signaling a fresh start in bilateral relations that had been strained by a territorial dispute in the waterway.
After Duterte's state visit, Filipino fishermen were given access by the Chinese Coast Guard to Scarborough Shoal, a traditional fishing ground.
China seized Scarborough Shoal -- claimed by Beijing as Huangyan island and by Manila as Panatag -- in 2012, denying Pinoy fishermen access to its rich fishing stock.
Filipino fisherman Glenn watches the China Coast Guard block the path to Scarborough Shoal. "Wala rin pala," they said pic.twitter.com/71wRgqTRK9 — Chiara Zambrano (@chiarazambrano) July 17, 2016
The seizure formed part of a case the Philippines took to the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA) in the Hague, which in July ruled that China did not have historic rights to the South China Sea, including a 320-kilometer exclusive economic zone around the Spratly islands.
China has declared the ruling "null and void" but said it is time to get talks started again between the countries directly involved in the issue.
Duterte's campaign to bolster ties with China comes after weeks of combative language against the US, which was prompted by American President Barack Obama's criticism of the extrajudicial bloodbath in the Philippine war on drugs.
Disruptive music artist platform has announced the launch date for their global music downloading and streaming app headlined by Grammy-nominated Carolyn Malachi and DJ sensation Jinco.
"Don't quit your day job" is the first advice most artists get the moment they reveal their intentions. The industry is highly competitive, opportunities are limited, producing content is tasking and putting them out is saddled with challenges.
"Don't do it for the pay, do it for the passion" tends to be the follow up when the artist starts encountering difficulty distributing their works or having intermediaries cut into whatever meager reward they should have been reaping.
Making a living as an artist is incredibly hard when every play boils down to distribution. Self-distribution rarely provides the artist with the necessary exposure to justify the effort, while third-party distributors will take anywhere between 15 to 40% of revenue generated by content. Factoring production cost of content, marketing, and logistics, the artist is often left with nothing to take home.
With the advent of decentralization, there have been several attempts to build blockchain-based distribution platforms. However, none of them have been successful due to poorly implemented features, community engagement and development, and low content.
All that is set to change with the Alpha version launch of VOISE decentralized music platform for artists and listeners on October 18.
VOISE was successfully crowdfunded in July, selling over 825,000 tokens to develop its music streaming and distribution platform. This helped reinforce VOISE's belief that anonymous, decentralized streaming is the future of the music industry. VOISE let creators realize 100% content revenue on a simplified and streamlined platform. The platform has been designed to bridge the gap between the crypto market and mainstream consumption through the integration of both crypto and fiat payment gateway services. VOISE will unite both crypto enthusiasts and average music consumers in their common love for music.
VOISE Alpha launch offers a plethora of full-fledged features. From the homepage, users will be able to directly access music, whether choosing from popular downloads or sampling the latest uploads. They can also find new and old music by searching in thematic sections, arranged by favorite genres and artists. Their purchases will be easily accessible from a “My Collections folder”, which has been linked to their wallet section, allowing them to seamlessly deposit, withdraw and make purchases within the platform in VOISE tokens or ETH.
Musicians on the platform can upload songs and albums and either set their own prices or let the community freely download and donate instead. They will also have access to a detailed profile section for maximum community engagement. Fans will be able to follow and donate to their favorite artists through their profiles.
VOISE Alpha platform will also host Radio DAO, a community streaming service for future announcements. Top artists will be promoted on the radio channel and it will feature a unique community voting concept where users will select their favorite radio service – and share any profits obtained.
The VOISE community can look forward to even more exciting developments as work continues on the music platform of the future. The successful tokenswap in September has set VOISE on the path to future listings on major exchanges. VOISE tokens are gaining recognition, having been added to CoinMarketCap , Livecoin , and CoinExchange , with $800,000 daily trading volume and currently trading at 800 satoshis.
VOISE has also updated its development roadmap, which will see upcoming work on attracting more collaborators for the platform, building more partnerships in the music industry, an artist verification system and search engine. In line with this, VOISE has initiated partnership effort with the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance, the world's largest open-source blockchain alliance connecting Fortune 500 enterprises with Ethereum experts.
Recognizing South Korea as an emerging market, VOISE also has plans to reach out by creating a South Korean music community to attract investment.
Disclaimer. This article is paid and provided by a third-party source and should not be viewed as an endorsement by CoinIdol. Readers should do their own research before investing funds in any company. CoinIdol shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services mentioned in this article.
New to MUD Games?
Materia Magica is an old-school, text-based fantasy game — if you're used to modern, 3D video games, some things might seem a little strange or unfamiliar. Connecting to a MUD like Materia Magica requires a client, and below you can find a few options we recommend for getting started.
The game will teach you lots of basic commands and rules when you first join and create a new character, but you can find more information in the Adventurer's Guide. In the world of Alyria, the more you know, the more fun you'll have (and the better you'll survive!).
Remember: things may seem strange and challenging at first, but there's always other players adventuring in the game. If you have a question, just ask someone in chat!
There is one negative that pushes its way to the surface almost every time anyone writes about or discusses Green Bay Packers general manager Ted Thompson. This argument basically asserts that any idiot could win with Aaron Rodgers, and that Thompson had Rodgers "fall into their lap" or something along those lines. Yes, drafting any superstar will always involve a bit of luck, and it was certainly lucky for that Packers that Rodgers fell to 24th after being passed over by the 49ers, Dolphins, Browns, Bears, Buccaneers, Titans, Vikings, Cardinals, Washington, Lions, Cowboys, Chargers, Saints, Panthers, Chiefs, Texans, Bengals, Vikings again, Rams, Cowboys again, Jaguars, Ravens, and Raiders. I am in no way arguing that luck wasn't involved.
What I am arguing is that Ted Thompson's draft and develop strategy, especially with respect to quarterbacks, is a continuing, well-functioning strategy held over from the Ron Wolf era. The drafting of Rodgers wasn't a lucky event so much as the result of a rigorously considered, planned, and targeted strategy that the team has employed for as long as they have been successful. Yes, Rodgers still being on the board was lucky. The decision to select him, and the work that went into transforming them into the all-world player they are today, was anything but.
...And Develop
The developmental aspect of player acquisition is frequently ignored, and if you are a quarterback prospect, there is no better place to for you to end up than Green Bay. This has been true since the early 1990s when the Packers' coaching staff featured Andy Reid, Jon Gruden, and Steve Mariucci, and it is still true today under Tom Clements and Mike McCarthy. The QB School has been written about ad nauseum (I especially like this detailed analysis by Chris B. Brown in Grantland), as well as this piece by Greg Bishop in the New York Times, which contains the following excerpt:
Between Rodgers's second and third seasons, Quarterback School consisted of 10 hours in the film room and 3 hours on the practice field a week, an offensive study conducted in "painstaking detail," Clements said. Eventually, Rodgers focused less on learning the Packers' offense and more on clarifying why defenses ran certain coverages, schemes or fronts. Now, when Rodgers drops back to pass, they do not look for their receivers. They look for defenders, where they are, where they might move, what that means or could mean. Then they throw for receivers headed toward open space.
I am sure that every team has some kind of quarterback training, and just as sure that it does not work as well as Green Bay's. The Packers have had some form of rigorous quarterback development since the early 1990s and it has not lost its effectiveness - not one bit. Everyone agrees that Rodgers improved a thousand times over from their college days, and everyone agrees that said improvement is apparent in almost all aspects of the game, from a conceptual understanding of defenses to small mechanical adjustments to core strength.
The school's effectiveness isn't just limited to Rodgers either. Matt Flynn may not be an every down starter, but not just any quarterback is capable of the occasional brilliance they have shown. By most accounts Scott Tolzien has grown leaps and bounds as well. The thing about QB school is that for it to have its maximum impact, the developing player really can't be a starter. Rodgers is, I'm sure, still learning their craft all the time, but it is also true that football practice involves a lot of matchup-specific work, and every hour you spend preparing for the Seahawks is an hour you cannot spend learning the philosophy of defensive football as a whole. To some extent, a young quarterback must not be playing in regular-season action if they are to get the full benefits of the program.
Fortunately, the Packers' system is adept at putting talented backups into the fold on a routine basis. The Packers are the best at developing the position, but none of that would matter if there was no one to develop.
Draft
The level of quarterback play in Green Bay since Brett Favre (and arguably since the tail end of Don Majkowski's career), is unprecedented in the history of the league. The Packers have been led by two Halls of Fame level players in succession, but it doesn't end there. The backups to Favre and Rodgers have also been wildly successful. Matt Hasselbeck was one of the best in the game for years after leaving Green Bay and led the Seahawks to a Super Bowl. Mark Brunell was wildly successful as well. Even lesser talents like Matt Flynn played well enough in spurts to become millionaires, thanks to the tutelage and eye for talent of the Packers.
The level of scouting success from the organization is quite simply amazing. Yes, they are not perfect (Brian Brohm), but the Bears basically always draft Brian Brohm. To only have it happen occasionally is almost unbelievable. I will not pretend to be able to tell you what exactly they look for in a quarterback prospect, but I have a few guesses. I suspect that physical measurables are simply not that important. Yes, they probably move you down the board if you have a substandard arm, but I suspect as long as you can make the throws you need to make, that this is good enough. What I suspect truly is important is certain aspects of demeanor and intelligence*, and however they go about making these determinations, it seems to work.
* I mean football intelligence, NOT the Wonderlic. That is a test that tells you nothing.
When they drafted Brett Hundley last year, what I was most impressed with was their apparent coachability. Scouts were very critical of certain aspects of their game, and of their role in the system at UCLA. Their numbers were good, but they were criticized for not having to make many hard throws. In a way, the numbers, which look great on paper, were lying to everyone; but in another way, I think they were telling us a bit about what the Packers do look for.
Hundley may have been in a simple system in college, but they improved every year they were in it, especially in limiting turnovers. That kind of improvement tells you a lot about their thinking. Brett Hundley learned from their coaches, they applied that knowledge, and they improved, year after year. In short, they looked like the kind of player you want in a QB school.
One of the things the Packers liked about Hundley was their intelligence, and they could tell they had the capacity to handle their offense. Director of player personnel Eliot Wolf called Hundley "a football nerd" after the Packers drafted him.
The Packers spent a 5th round pick on Hundley, which isn't a hugely valuable resource, but it's also not inconsequential. The Vikings took Stefon Diggs just one pick before Hundley, and was certainly a valuable player for them last season. So far, early reports are that Hundley has taken well to school.
Aaron Rodgers is hardly close to the end of the line and some might consider spending a pick on a quarterback a waste of resources, but the Packers have never subscribed to that line of thought under Rodgers or Favre. Matt Hasselbeck was taken in the 6th round of the 1998 draft, an almost Tom Brady-like 187th overall. Mark Brunell was taken in the 5th round in 1993. Aaron Brooks was taken in the 4th round of the 1999 NFL draft. Craig Nall was a 5th-rounder in 2002. Matt Flynn was a 7th rounder in 2008. Brian Brohm was a 2nd rounder, also in 2008, both of those picks coming in the year when Rodgers was thought to be taking over. And of course Rodgers was a late 1st in 2005.
This doesn't even come close to covering every quarterback who has been through Green Bay. Someone with an eye for talent brought in Kurt Warner even though they didn't stick, and while many thought it was crazy, they brought in Vince Young just to have a look at the talented but troubled player. When the Packers play the Bears it is almost inevitable that someone puts up a graphic of all of the Bear starters that have cycled through during the Favre/Rodgers era, but while the Bears have cycled through a bunch of garbage, it's important to remember that it hasn't just been Favre and Rodgers in Green Bay. The Packer front office maintains a constant churn of quarterbacks beneath the surface as potential backups, trade chips, clipboard holders, and occasionally heir apparents. If you wait until the last minute to fix your quarterback situation, you have already failed.
Ted, the architect
There is one more important aspect to this entire philosophy of quarterback acquisition and development that we need to cover. Quarterback is the most important, and valuable (or if they are bad, costly) position in all sports. If you have a good one, you have a huge advantage over the rest of the league. People like to hold this against Thompson as if they have somehow taken the easy way out, but the fact is that Thompson, like their predecessors, is well aware of this fact, and budgets for it.
Rodgers was selected in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft. In that draft, Tampa had the most picks with a total of 12. The Packers had 11. The Bears and Lions each had 6 and the Vikings had 7. If you are the Bears' front office with only 6 picks, you might feel the need to address certain roster holes instead of spending a pick on an unsure lottery ticket. If you are the Packer front office, with 11 picks, you can afford to take whatever the draft gives you, firm in the knowledge that you can stack depth later on.
In the Thompson era, the Packers have had the most draft picks in a given year three times, in 2006, 2007, and 2013. They have made double-digit selections five times. The Bears have reached double-digits just once since 2005, with 12 picks in 2008. The Lions have reached double digits just once since 2005 with 10 picks in 2009. The Vikings on the other hand, seemed to have learned their lesson recently. From 2005-2010 they averaged 6.5 picks per draft. Since 2010, they average 9.8 picks per draft, falling under double digits just once.
Overall, the Packers still dominate their division rivals in sheer number of picks, even over the reformed Vikings. In the Thompson era they have made 104 selections, or 9.5 picks per draft, while the Bears, Lions, and Vikings have made 79 (7.2 picks per draft), 83 (7.5), and 88 (8.0) picks respectively. If a team had led the draft in selections every single season since 2005, that team would have made 130 picks, or 11.8 picks per draft. The difference between the Packers and that optimal team (26 picks) is essentially the same as the difference between the Packers and Bears (25 picks).
Not all picks are created equal, of course, but having them allows you to take a Brett Hundley or an Aaron Rodgers instead of needing to fix some other issue. Thompson's draft and develop strategy creates the freedom to take a chance on high leverage lottery tickets at the position. Their (and Ron Wolf's) previous success allows the coaching staff the freedom to truly develop these projects behind the scenes, and their success in turn gives the front office the stability they need to make the most of their drafts.
So yes, luck made Rodgers fall down the draft board, and a bunch of teams that could have benefited from having them passed on him, but if the 49ers, or Bears, or Dolphins, or etc., would have selected him, they probably would not have become the player they are. In many potential scenarios they would have played immediately, and in all other scenarios they would have entered an inferior development program. Furthermore, the Packers were able to pick them in large part because they had so many picks to work with. A different team, perhaps in need of a safety, would have reached at that spot for Brodney Pool out of Oklahoma (34th overall to Cleveland), or Josh Bullocks out of Nebraska (40th overall to New Orleans). Instead they took Rodgers at 24, and then used a 2nd-round pick acquired from New Orleans for Mike McKenzie to select Nick Collins.
Ted Thompson did not luck into Aaron Rodgers any more than they lucked into any other star player on the roster. Opportunity doesn't just show up and knock at the Green Bay front office. They send out a lot of invitations, and their house is filled with quarterback gurus.
A MAN used fuel to set themselves alight in horrific scenes at a suburban Melbourne bank, injuring 27 people.
Police said the man walked into the bank in Springvale at 11.30am, just before the lunchtime rush, with a flammable accelerant and torched it about 11.30am. CCTV footage from nearby businesses show a man walking with a plastic container in the minutes before the fireball erupted inside the bank. Six people — two men in their 20s, a man in their 60s, a man in their 70s, a woman in their 20s and another man — were taken to the Alfred suffering serious burns. A 21-year-old Springvale man has been taken to hospital in a serious condition and remains under police guard. Acting Inspector Jackie Poida said it was “too early to tell” what the man's motive was. “He had with them some sort of accelerant, they walked in to the bank and they lit that accelerant which caused some sort of fire within the bank,” they said. “He set themselves alight with that fire and there was a number of other people in the bank at that time that received some injuries as well.” “He left the bank, police attended shortly after and assisted him.” The man was discovered by police at the back of the bank. One patient remains in hospital in a ‘critical' condition, one is in a ‘critical but stable' condition, one sustained moderate burns and is in a ‘serious but stable' condition, and three patients are listed as ‘stable'. Ambulance Victoria said 21 other people — including a toddler and a person in their 80s — were treated for breathing problems and taken to hospital. CCTV of a man seen walking near the Springvale bank fire Police did not know much about the offender. “We haven't had a chance to speak with him, they are injured and they are being attended to at hospital,” Acting Insp Poida said. Asked whether the attack was terror related, Acting Insp Poida said it was “too early to tell”. Despite reports from witnesses of a possible bomb, CFA operations officer Paul Carrigg confirmed a “flammable liquid” had caused the blaze. “A flammable liquid could have caused an explosion,” they said. Firefighters had not found a petrol canister but Mr Carrigg said they “haven't gone looking”. They didn't offer any information as to how the liquid was transported but did say given the severity of the fire it was fortunate no one had died. “It's very amazing, very lucky no one lost their lives.” Caltex Australia spokesperson Sam Collyer said the petrol station had been closed since this morning's explosion at the bank. The Herald Sun understands the man bought the petrol at the Springvale Caltex before taking it down the road and igniting themselves on fire. “The site is currently closed but the are assisting police with their inquiries, and will continue to do so wherever needed,” Mr Collyer said. The arson squad is leading the investigation. Witness Malen Vanh was in the Springvale Centre two doors up when an elderly woman ran in yelling. “She ran out of the bank and said a man has burned themselves in the bank,” they said. Paramedics treated 27 victims with a “mixture of burns and respiratory issues”. Ambulance Victoria health commander Andy Roughton could not confirm whether any of the critically injured were children. Asked whether any of those critically injured could die from their injuries they said there was “a chance”. “Six of them are very critical and I hope that's not the case but there is a chance,” they said. Mr Carrigg said it was believed the fire started not far from the inside of the front entrance. The bank sustained “significant damage”. Detectives were seen removing CCTV footage from the bank about 4pm. Two of those taken to the Monash were children. For those needing help, contact Lifeline on 13 11 14. Police are urging witnesses who left to scene to call Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000. A QUICK thinking tradie has been labelled a hero after they ran into an exploded bank and put out the flames. Ash Atkin-Fone was laying pipes in an alleyway opposite the Springvale Rd when they heard a “big blast” and seconds later heard a child's screams from the Commonwealth Bank. “This kid comes running out, all burnt, screaming their head off, skin coming off, blood everywhere,” they said. Immediately, they sprinted across the road to the neighbouring Optus store. They grabbed a fire extinguisher and ran into the “pitch black” bank, dousing the flames and putting out the blaze before firefighters even arrived. “There was four people getting blasted (with glass) along the street,” Mr Atkin-Fone said. Asked why they put themselves in danger and ran into a burning building they simply said “I had to”. “What do you do? Instincts just kicked in,” Mr Atkin-Fone said.
Just when you thought things couldn't get much lower in the Knesset lawmaking-wise, in comes Yisrael Beitenu MK Anastasia Michaeli and throws us into the abyss of violence. Here's how they behaved towards Arab Labor MK Ghaleb Majadele during a hearing about the principal who decided to take their students to a human rights march in the Arab town of Arara in the Galilee.
I didn't hear of not even one Jewish school to be invited to a hearing
What? You have a different policy for the Arab sector?
You take steps against the country!
Shut up! Don't interrupt!
Don't talk to me like this!
Don't interrupt! You've got nerve!
You're showing no respect for women! Nor for the Knesset!
Don't interrupt me! Shut up! She's from your party, shut them up!
They shouldn't be allowed to talk like that in the Knesset!
We're not in “the hood” now.
This isn't the Yisrael Beitenu committee, this is the Sports, Education and Culture committee. I demand you stop them
I don't want them to interrupt me!
Do you want to continue?
I want you as the chairperson to take care of your party colleague!
Either you take them out or you shut them up! One of the two!
I heard you.
I won't accept it. No one will be their own judge.
and no one will behave with a school as they wish.
The party's over! The military rule is over!
The military rule ended in 1966!
You should be ashamed!
Hey, what are you doing!
She's crazy…
Mr. chairperson, this sums it up.
It's a shame they are in your party.
I'm sure you won't tolerate this kind of wild, impudent and fascist behavior.
But I'll tell you, I'm not even shaken up.
You see? I'm not shaken up.It was expected.
This person disgusts me. I can't say it any more directly than that.
She, and probably most of their party colleagues, think the worst of Arabs. They think they are the light unto nations, bringing European, civilized culture to Israel and its parliament.
You tell me, who is civilized? Who is the primitive one?
This is what happens when the right wing is drunk with power.
It won't end with water.
UPDATE: YNET reports: “The Knesset's Ethics Committee decided Tuesday to suspend MK Anastassia Michaeli (Yisrael Beiteinu) from the Knesset plenum and all committees for a period of one month following Monday's incident where they threw water in MK Ghaleb Majadele's face during a Knesset's Education, Culture and Sports Committee meeting.”
A Florida teacher has been placed on suspension after an investigation found they took the hand of a Jehovah's Witness student and tried to force them to say the Pledge of Allegiance on Sept. 11, Hernando Today reports.
Anne Daigle-McDonald, a teacher at Explorer K8 in Spring Hill, has been placed on unpaid suspension for five days and will be required to complete diversity training.
During the incident, the student tried to explain that as a Jehovah's Witness, he's not permitted to worship objects, and that they would stand during the pledge but not place their hand over their heart.
This prompted McDonald to walk to the front of the class and say "If you don't want to say the pledge, you still have to put your hand on your heart and if you don't want to do that, you should move out of the country," Hernando Today reports.
McDonald's defense was that they thought the religion only applied to the exclusion of holidays and that they think every U.S. citizen should show respect to the American flag.
BREAKING: Trump STUNS America! Appoints Mike Huckabee As The Next…
We've already established that Trump is making the world happy by appointing the right people to mend the international relationships Obama ruined.
Further established is the fact that Trump is heading into their presidency with an incredible reputation, already marked to be one of the most pro-Israel leaders in modern history.
Well here's a move that is cementing this notion even more.
President-elect Donald Trump has selected former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee to be the next ambassador to Israel, a transition official reportedly told The Daily Mail.
One of Huckabee's first tasks will be relocating America's embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, the official said. Moving the embassy to Israel's “eternal capital” will surely generate controversy and anger Palestinians, who believe they are entitled to east Jerusalem for its own capital.
The transition official told The Daily Mail the embassy move is “going to happen” and asserted Huckabee is ready to “see it through.” Trump first vowed to move the embassy during their 2016 presidential campaign.
Huckabee, while unable ever to make a strong run for the White House, has always remained well-liked due to their calm demeanor and prayerful ways. Moreover, this collaboration, between Huckabee and Trump, is another example of Trump's ability to put the past behind and move forward in a productive, thoughtful way.
UPDATE: While Trump's transition official has shared this information, another “well-placed” source is now denying the Huckabee appointment. At this time, Huckabee has declined to comment on the situation. We will keep you updated as this develops…
UPDATE 2: Huckabee denies in FOX interview.
Source: Independent Journal Review, The Hill
Providing Internet access from orbiting satellites—a concept that seemed to have died with the excesses of the dot-com boom—has returned thanks to SpaceX founder (and dot-com billionaire) Elon Musk. And while such a service would be expensive and risky to deploy, recent technological trends mean it's no longer so out-of-this-world.
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk at the unveiling of a new rocket in May 2014.
Musk has proposed a network of some 4,000 micro-satellites to provide broadband Internet services around the globe. SpaceX is partnering with Google and Fidelity Investments, which are investing $1 billion for a 10 percent stake in the endeavor. Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic and Qualcomm, meanwhile, are investing in a competing venture called OneWeb, which aims to build a similar network of micro-satellites.
In the late 1990s there were plans to deliver similar space services. “The dot-com bust dried up their financing and it never really got off the ground,” says Forecast International analyst Bill Ostrove. Those projects might have failed anyway, though, because it costs $60 million and $70 million to launch a satellite, and there's always a decent chance that the payload will be lost to an accident.
Fiber-optic cables, in contrast, are easy and cheap to install, even in harsh environments like the ocean floor, and they can transmit huge amounts of data. Beaming data from a satellite is done by radio, and is limited by the available spectrum, as well as the amount of power a satellite can get from its solar panels. Most communications satellites have data-transfer speeds of around a gigabit per second, compared to several terabits per second for the fastest fiber.
But some things have changed since the late 1990s. For one thing, satellite technology has advanced, bringing the cost of deployment down significantly. Toaster-sized micro-satellites can be launched dozens at a time, and don't have to operate at very high orbits, reducing launch costs, but they can deliver performance comparable to larger, older satellites at higher altitudes.
SpaceX and Virgin Galactic also hope to ride a different boom by targeting parts of the world where there is little infrastructure and a huge opportunity for Internet growth. Satellite services remain less economical in areas where fiber-optic networks are in place, but Musk has stated that their Internet service would be aimed primarily at providing service to remote areas of the globe.
“You've got large swaths of land where there is a relatively low density of users,” Musk told an audience at the opening of SpaceX's new satellite development center in Seattle last week. “Space is actually ideal for that.”
Musk and Branson are not alone in recognizing the market potential. Besides investing in Musk's project, Google is working on a high-altitude balloon-based Internet delivery system called Loon. And Facebook is developing high-altitude, high-endurance drones to deliver Internet capability to remote areas. The Google and Facebook projects would be similar in concept to the space-based systems, while operating within the Earth's atmosphere.
Whether, as Musk has suggested, SpaceX's service could also be a viable alternative for customers in the developed world is less certain. Ostrove says satellites simply cannot compete with the bandwidth and low cost of fiber-optic cables.
The technology could also prove tricky for these newcomers to master. SpaceX, after all, has built rockets—but no satellites yet.
Responding to reports of smoke on the 600 block of State Street, Santa Barbara firefighters find a burning air compressor in the basement of Velo Pro Cyclery (Aug 13, 2012).
Santa Barbara city firefighters responded to 633 State Street at around 9:15 a.m. Monday morning when a malfunctioning air compressor in Velo Pro Cyclery's basement started spewing smoke into the bike shop and other nearby businesses.
Photo Gallery Smoke Over State Street
As fire crews removed the compressor and brought in large fans to air out affected retail spaces, said battalion chief Robert Mercado, employees were evacuated and State Street was briefly closed between Cota and Ortega streets. A section of Ortega Street was also blocked off for a short while, but restrictions on vehicle and foot traffic have since been lifted.
Insect parts, rodent hair and feces are all some of the other not-so-yummy stuff that gets into spices. According to the Food and Drug Administration, about 12 percent of the ingredients in imported spice are contaminants.
At least seven percent of the spice imports investigated had salmonella, a type of bacteria that could cause illness in humans, The New York Times reported.
"Nearly all of the insects found in spice samples were stored product pests, indicating inadequate packing or storage conditions. The presence of rodent hair (without a root) in spices is generally indicative of contamination by rodent feces ," according to the report by FDA.
Al Goetze, who has been a spice buyer for McCormick & Company for 30 years, told npr.org that most of the filth in these spices is introduced during the harvest. This is particularly true for developing countries.
"Many of the contaminants are introduced to the products from field insects and rodents. Also dirt, stones and other plant matter are picked up with the spices and herbs at time of harvest. During sun drying on tarps or concrete yards, more foreign matter and pathogens can contaminate the products," they added.
The federal health inspectors found salmonella in ginger and poppy seeds from India, allspice from Turkey and red pepper from Japan, The Los Angeles Times reported.
The United States is the largest importer of spices. The country imported 1.1 billion pounds of spices in 2009 from over 140 countries. According to the report by FDA, fewer than 2,000 people in the U.S have fallen sick due to salmonella in spices between 1973 and 2010. However, most cases might be underreported because people often forget to report their consumption of spice when they fall ill.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A San Diego man charged with attacking five homeless men by driving railroad spikes into their victims' heads, killing three of them, was ordered on Tuesday to undergo a psychiatric exam to determine if they are mentally competent, a prosecutor said.
Police investigate the scene under a highway overpass where another apparent attack by a serial killer targeting homeless men took place overnight in San Diego, California United States, July 15, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Jon David Guerrero, 39, who is also accused of setting fire to two of their victims, was arrested last month as the lone suspect in a violent crime spree that terrorized the homeless community of California's second-largest city.
Jailed without bond, they are charged with three counts of murder, two counts of attempted murder and two counts of arson.
Guerrero appeared in San Diego County Superior Court for arraignment on Tuesday but entered no plea.
The criminal proceedings were suspended after the defense raised questions about their mental fitness, and the judge ordered Guerrero to submit to an evaluation by a court-appointed panel of doctors, Deputy District Attorney Makenzie Harvey said.
 They are to return to court for a review on Oct. 7, they said.
Guerrero lived in a downtown “supportive-housing” project for former homeless men and women and other individuals with special needs before their arrest.
According to Harvey, they were previously convicted of robbery and had been sent to state psychiatric hospital at least once in the past. Records posted with the Superior Court case index show five mental health matters filed under their name since 2008, all of them under seal.
Tuesday's court hearing came as prosecutors disclosed new details of the attacks linked to Guerrero, starting on Jan. 3 with the discovery of the body of a man who had been set on fire. An autopsy revealed one railroad spike lodged in the victim's head and one in their chest, Harvey said.
Four others attacked separately over the next two weeks likewise suffered facial or head wounds from railroad spikes found in their bodies or at the crime scene, they said.
The two surviving victims told police they were attacked as they slept.
Guerrero was stopped on their bicycle and taken into custody on July 15 by police who found three railroad spikes in their backpack, about 90 minutes after the fifth and final victim emerged bleeding and screaming for help at the edge of downtown, authorities said.
All of the victims were homeless men living on the streets or in vacant lots around San Diego, but authorities have not offered a possible motive for the attacks.
By Ann Leckie
In most book series, and particularly in the sci-fi/fantasy genres, the narrative universe tends to grow and expand with each new book. It's a rare series that narrows in focus over time, and off the top of my head, I can't recall another sci-fi “space opera” type that fits that descriptor, with the notable exception of Leckie's Imperial Radch series, which concludes with Ancillary Mercy.
As blog readers will recall, I found the series' initial installment, Ancillary Justice, to be a show-stopper. I loved the flashbacks to Breq's former existence as a multi-bodied AI, and found the universe of the Radch to be both mysterious and intriguing. Like many other authors before her, however, Leckie seemed to struggle a bit with the “middle” book of the series (Ancillary Sword) which seemed a bit slow and myopic compared to book one.
Book three picks up just where book two had left off, with Breq continuing to try to maintain control of the Athoek system, and opposing the machinations of the many-bodied ruler of the Radch, Anaander Mianaai. But like book two, much of the actual narrative of the book is devoted to Breq's relationships, both to the members of their crew, and to the inhabitants of Athoek. (I notice that one of the prominent Amazon reviews refers to the book as being more “soap opera” than “space opera,” and I'm inclined to agree.) While I'm not normally a fan of that kind of narrative (it's part of what I didn't love about Cherryh's Morgaine books), I think Leckie does an admirable job of tugging on the readers' sympathies. Even as the pace slowed in books two and three, I found myself rooting hard for Breq, even as I occasionally reminded myself that Breq was an android (sort of).
Unfortunately, while the narrowing of scope does allow for some increased attention on the characters' emotional state, it doesn't help with the overall arc of the story, which seems underdeveloped. As in book two, Ancillary Mercy's conclusion seems rushed and unsatisfying, and I thought Leckie's resolution re. Anaander Mianaai felt forced. Don't get me wrong, this is a good book, but it suffers in comparison to book one, which is unfortunate.
Final analysis: if you've gotten through book two, by all means, finish the series. Though I thought books two and three represented a step down from the start of the series, I was never tempted to stop reading, and I would happily read future stories about the Radch. If you don't mind a little “soap opera” mixed in with your “space opera,” this could be the series for you!
Rating 2- Recommended with Reservations
If you like this, you may enjoy: A Fire Upon the Deep, House of Suns.
The relentless scourge of lionfish has crept to unexpected depths: Off the coast of Florida, researchers say they found the venomous invader thriving around a sunken ship at 300 feet (91 meters) below the water's surface.
"We expected some populations of lionfish at that depth, but their numbers and size were a surprise," researcher Stephanie Green, of Oregon State University, said in a statement.
Last month, Green and colleagues investigated the seafloor near Fort Lauderdale, Fla., in a deep-diving Antipodes sub. At 300 feet (91 m) deep, the team witnessed a large number of the spiny fish near the intentionally sunken Bill Boyd cargo ship, an artificial reef created in 1986. [See Photos of Lionfish & Other Freaky Fish]
While lionfish are typically between 12 and 15 inches (30 to 38 centimeters) long, the Oregon State researchers say they saw unusually large specimens as big as 16 inches (40 cm) long.
"This was kind of an 'Ah hah!' moment," Green said. "It was immediately clear that this is a new frontier in the lionfish crisis, and that something is going to have to be done about it. Seeing it up-close really brought home the nature of the problem."
Native to tropical Indo-Pacific waters, lionfish were introduced to the Atlantic by humans in the 1990s, likely through the exotic pet trade. Now found in reefs from North Carolina to South America, the rapidly reproducing invasive fish have voracious appetites, gobbling up native fish and competing with other species for food resources.
Worse, lionfish have no natural enemies in Atlantic waters, except spear gun-toting humans. Another study, detailed online July 11 in the journal PLOS ONE, found that not even sharks can curb red lionfish populations in Caribbean reefs.
Researchers are trying to figure out what is keeping lionfish in check in the Pacific so that they might stem the Atlantic invasion, which thus far has looked to be unstoppable. Prepared correctly, lionfish are said to make a tasty meal, but one prick from the fish's venomous spine can cause excruciating pain. Lionfish derbies to bring in big catches of the predator have been held in Florida and the Caribbean.
"A lionfish will eat almost any fish smaller than it is," Green said in a statement. "Regarding the large fish we observed in the submersible dives, a real concern is that they could migrate to shallower depths as well and eat many of the fish there. And the control measures we're using at shallower depths — catch them and let people eat them — are not as practical at great depth."
Lionfish also can produce far more offspring when they are large. A big, mature female in some species can have up to 10 times as many offspring as a female that's half its size, researchers say.
Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com.
Related on LiveScience and MNN:
This story was originally written for LiveScience and was republished with permission here. Copyright 2013 LiveScience , a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved.
Invasive lionfish found at surprising depths
Off the coast of Florida, researchers have found the venomous invader thriving at 300 feet below the water's surface.
Advertisement
It was late on Sunday evening when Ray Signorello realized something was wrong. Their wife Tanya, had spotted flames coming down the hillside towards their Napa Valley wine estate.
The first warning came at 10.45pm - less than an hour later, the winery building containing the family home was on fire and the Signorellos had fled.
By Monday morning, nothing was left of the colonnaded winery building but a blackened heap of rubble dotted with exploded glass bottles, while a formerly picturesque stretch of olive trees on the hill behind had been badly burned.
‘The fire was fueled by 50mph winds so there wasn't much to stop it,' Signorello, 54, told DailyMail.com.
Ray Signorello (above), 54, the owner of a winery in Napa Valley, fled their home last Sunday evening
Their wife Tanya, had spotted flames coming down the hillside towards their Napa Valley wine estate. The first warning came at 10.45pm - less than an hour later, the winery building containing the family home was on fire and the Signorellos had fled
By Monday morning, nothing was left of the colonnaded winery building but a blackened heap of rubble dotted with exploded glass bottles, while a formerly picturesque stretch of olive trees on the hill behind had been badly burned
‘Fortunately we didn't have anybody injured here – that's the most important thing,' they said
The 40-year-old Signorello Estate, which produces between 5,000 and 6,000 cases of wine each year, is one of 16 wineries wrecked by the monster blazes that have ravaged northern California over the past week
‘Fortunately we didn't have anybody injured here – that's the most important thing.'
The 40-year-old Signorello Estate, which produces between 5,000 and 6,000 cases of wine each year, is one of 16 wineries wrecked by the monster blazes that have ravaged northern California over the past week.
The wildfires, the deadliest in California history, have claimed 40 lives so far and have destroyed an estimated 5,700 properties – including 2,800 homes in Santa Rosa.
More than 100,000 people have been evacuated in Sonoma, Napa, Santa Rosa and Calistoga, entire neighborhoods have been leveled and 214,000 acres of land has been reduced to ash.
Alan Ramey, 25, and their sister, Claire Ramey, 27, are part of a family-run winery which buys some of its grapes from nearby vineyards. Property on their winery has been destroyed, though it's too soon to tell just how bad the damage is because fires are still raging
The Rameys buy their grapes from the Paras Vineyard on the flank of Mount Veeder. At Paras, the home of owner Jim Paras was totally destroyed with the property still unreachable almost a week later because of the Nuns Fire raging around it
Among the most high-profile victims of the disaster has been the area's wine-making industry, which in Napa County alone contributes $13bn to the local economy each year and $50bn to the national coffers.
According to the Napa Winegrowers Association, 46,000 locals work in the wine business while in the US as a whole, 303,000 people make their living from Napa Valley vintages.
Signorello had been traveling in Canada with their two daughters, aged two and six, on the night of the blaze while wife Tanya was evacuated from the family home above the winery at 11pm.
Estate workers, including chief winemaker Pierre Birebent, 57, had battled to save the property; even using a garden hose in a desperate attempt to try and put out the flames.
But by the time Signorello finally made it back to their home on Wednesday afternoon, little was left but a charred heap of rubble.
They told DailyMail.com: ‘I didn't believe it in the beginning but then when I saw the pictures my employees had taken on their phones, I knew it wasn't here anymore.
‘You prepare yourself to see that; obviously when you get here in person, it's dramatic. But I'm always trying to find a brighter side to it all – it could have been a lot worse for us. A lot worse.'
Much of the damage is to the land immediately behind the winery; a rugged olive grove dotted with California palms – now little more than blackened stumps.
A statue of the Virgin Mary, left close to the trees by a Mexican worker, was almost miraculously spared, with the blaze circling round each side but leaving the artwork untouched.
The vines, the lifeblood of the business, were also spared, as was a cellar holding barrels filled the 2016 vintage and the tanks containing this year's harvest.
According to Signorello, the cost of repairing the main building likely to run into the millions of dollars and will take a minimum of 12 months to complete.
Nearby wineries such as the vast William Hill estate were also affected by the wildfires but did not suffer the same level of damage.
Others wrecked by the monster blazes include the Nicholson's Ranch winery in Sonoma, where some structures were left blackened and charred, and the Paras Vineyard on the flank of Mount Veeder.
At Paras, the home of owner Jim Paras was totally destroyed with the property still unreachable almost a week later because of the Nuns Fire raging around it.
Alan Ramey, 25, whose family wine cellar buys some of its grapes from Paras, told DailyMail.com: ‘The house on the property was burned down.
‘It's totally gone and we aren't sure when we will be able to get there because the fire is still burning so we don't know the full extent of the damage yet.'
Their sister Claire, 27, added: ‘Jim Paras planted it a number of years back. They used to have their own wine label. We only buy old vine merlot from him.
‘What we've found is the merlot grown up on that part of Mount Veeder is really particularly dark, dense and beautiful.
‘We hope it can be brought back into shape fairly quickly but it could be too soon to say.'
Nearby wineries such as the vast William Hill estate were also affected by the wildfires but did not suffer the same level of damage
Like Signorello, the Rameys say they are grateful no one lost their lives at Paras or at the 10 other vineyards that supplies the Ramey Wine Cellar with its grapes.
The business, which produces between 30,000 and 40,000 cases of wine per year, employs 16 people – none of whom were harmed, although some had to evacuate their homes.
Claire said: ‘We've been very lucky in that none of their homes had forced evacuations. We've had a couple in advisory evacuation areas but they're still safe and well.
‘We've been doing half days where everyone takes care of the business for the first four hours, then goes and takes care of their families.'
With the employees and suppliers at both wineries confirmed safe, the Rameys and Signorello are now most worried for future of the vines themselves.
Ninety per cent of the grape harvest in Sonoma and Napa Counties had already been picked when the fires ignited so smoke damage to the fruit has been minimal.
But the vines, which take up to eight years to become productive after being planted, remain cause for concern.
‘If [the damage] goes down to the rootstock, it can take about two years for your crop to recover so you're going to miss about two years of wine,' Alan told DailyMail.com.
‘If it burns a good portion of the wood but still leaves some intact, you can possibly lose your next vintage.'
Pierre Birebent, 57, is the chief winemaker at Signorello's estate. Birebent battled to save the property, even using a garden hose in a desperate attempt to try and put out the flames
But by the time Signorello finally made it back to their home on Wednesday afternoon, little was left but a charred heap of rubble
Birebent, who is originally from Corsica, France, added: ‘The vines are fine, they are not touched which is the most important thing. If we lose the vines, we lose the business for sure'
‘As far as the business side goes, I can continue because I don't have any interruption of product,' Signorello told DailyMail.com
Signorello, whose vines are aged between 28 and 38 years old, said: ‘The vines were spared. We're relieved we have our vineyards here.
‘It's OK for this building [the winery] – I can probably get it back up and running in two years. But the vineyards, you plant them and it takes eight years before you even get a crop.
‘Our vines are between 28 and 38 years old and that's what makes them special - with new vines, you wouldn't have that.
‘I'm 54 years old and I don't have another 38 years to wait for those vines to get that old again.'
Head winemaker Birebent, who is originally from Corsica, France, added: ‘The vines are fine, they are not touched which is the most important thing. If we lose the vines, we lose the business for sure.'
Because the vines remain intact, Signorello says they will be able to keep running the production side of the business while the winery building is rebuilt.
‘As far as the business side goes, I can continue because I don't have any interruption of product,' Signorello told DailyMail.com.
‘We will rebuild the building, we will have temporary space for the team offsite down in Napa, a little satellite trailer office on the property for the wine-making team and we'll come back.
‘I'm looking to the bright side. There's lots of people here in Napa and elsewhere that lost their lives and their homes. That's obviously very, very dire so we were lucky.'
They added: ‘If people want to help, they can support Signorello by drinking my wines. Not just ours – wine from Napa Valley, Sonoma and the outlying valleys.
‘We see four million people a year here in Napa Valley. We'll get the fires out soon and then this place will be back to normal.
‘We need to see the people back and so please don't be afraid to come back and see us in Napa Valley soon.'
@danialri
BILBAO.- “Somos los nietos de los obreros que no pudisteis matar. Somos los nietos de los que perdieron la Guerra Civil”. Esta frase corresponde a No somos nada, una de las canciones más emblemáticas del Punk Rock de los años 80 en Euskadi. La interpretaba La Polla Récords, aquel irreverente grupo que logró atraer a una auténtica legión de seguidores en todo el Estado. Tres décadas después, Ciudadanos quiere prohibir que este himno del rock más contestatario suene el próximo sábado en Santander. Siguiendo la teoría del “To-do es ETA”, sus ediles en la capital cántabra consideran que el espectáculo “Esto no es Rock Radical Vasco” podría ser un acto de apología del terrorismo. ¿Pruebas? La supuesta afinidad de los homenajeados con Herri Batasuna y el contenido de sus letras.
“Estamos en 2016, no en 1984”, reflexiona Miguel Daniele, encargado de Vitamin Producciones, la responsable del espectáculo. Durante las tres horas de concierto —o “documental en vivo”, como prefiere denominarlo su creador—, La Txirla Records, Los Demenciales Chicos Acelerados y Aizu ofrecen versiones de La Polla Récords, Kortatu y Eskorbuto, tres grupos de renombre internacional que alcanzaron la fama gracias a sus canciones punzantes y directas.
“Ya hemos estado en nueve ciudades, y nunca hemos tenido ni el más mínimo problema”, relató Daniele a Público. Sin embargo, en Santander han topado con los dos concejales de Ciudadanos, Cora Vileva y David González. Los representantes del partido de Albert Rivera han puesto el grito en el cielo por la llegada de este show a Escenario Santander —una sala de titularidad municipal gestionada por una empresa privada—, ya que consideran que “algunas letras de sus canciones son cercanas a Herri Batasuna y bordean la apología del terrorismo”.
“Esto no es un espectáculo proetarra ni mucho menos: es un show que está dentro de la legalidad”, dice el responsable de la empresa que gestiona la sala de conciertos
​
A través de un comunicado, la formación naranja —que en las elecciones municipales de 2015 quedó en cuarto lugar con un 8,34% de votos— sostiene que “el nombre del Kortatu proviene de Korta, apodo de Manuel Garmendia Zubiarrain, un mugalari de ETA muerto a mano de la Guardia Civil”, mientras que una de sus canciones “está dedicada a la fuga de la cárcel del escritor y preso de ETA Joseba Sarrionandia”. Se trata de “Sarri, Sarri”, compuesta y escrita en 1985.
Los concejales de Ciudadanos también repasaron las portadas de los discos de Kortatu, el grupo que lideró Fermin Muguruza. Tras analizar su discografía, Vileva y González sostienen que en uno de sus vinilos “aparece una mujer con el puño levantado delante de una ikurriña con un crespón negro”. “En el encarte —prosigue— detalla que era la madre de Pakito Arriaran, un militante de ETA que resultó muerto al luchar con la guerrilla del FMLN en El Salvador”.
Asimismo, los concejales naranjas sostienen que “Herri Batasuna organizó conciertos en los que cantaron algunos de estos grupos bajo el lema Alegría y combate”. Por ello, mostraron su oposición a que “se utilicen espacios municipales para este tipo de homenajes”. “Ciudadanos no está de acuerdo en el uso de espacios públicos municipales para cualquier tipo de acto, cuyo contenido o mensajes bordeen el enaltecimiento del terrorismo”, rematan Vileva y González.
“Las ventas se han acelerado”
En las últimas horas, Público trató de obtener una respuesta del Ayuntamiento de Santander, gobernado en minoría por el PP. Sin embargo, el consistorio prefirió ceder la palabra al encargado de la empresa privada que gestiona la sala de conciertos, Javier Palacios. “Esto no es un espectáculo proetarra ni mucho menos: se trata de un show que está dentro de la legalidad”, manifestó este último. Aún sin salir de su asombro, aseguró que la campaña lanzada por Ciudadanos ha conseguido el efecto contrario al deseado por sus autores: “las ventas se han acelerado y las visitas al apartado de este espectáculo en la página web se han multiplicado por cinco”.
En ese contexto, el promotor del evento también se mostraba sorprendido ante este “intento de censura”. “No tiene ningún sentido que digan esto ahora, sobre to-do cuando no conocen el objetivo del proyecto”, sostuvo Miguel Daniele, quien ya prepara la gira del año próximo. De momento hay cuatro ciudades apuntadas para recibirles en 2017. Madrid es una de ellas.
Affinity Magazine, an online publication catering to a teen audience, which describes its primary content as "pop culture with social justice and politics," published an interesting tweet about the Met gala on Monday:
Uh, it was funny. Mean funny. pic.twitter.com/DjEn95oPS6 — Caleb Howe (@CalebHowe) May 2, 2017
Backlash came swiftly. Affinity deleted the tweet, and posted several justifications regarding melanin, and the different ways people age. Ultimately, however, they apologized, calling their tweet "tacky," though not admitting it was racist:
Our intent was not to mock people who suffer from eating disorders or drug abuse. It was simply to highlight how differently people age. — Affinity Magazine (@TheAffinityMag) May 2, 2017
Twitter users eagerly responded to the half-apology:
@TheAffinityMag So you used race to generalize every individual. You're not a credible source of any information. — Callas Dollier (@DallasJsallaD) May 2, 2017
@TheAffinityMag Christie Brinkley is 63. Maybe not all white people are not the same?? pic.twitter.com/YwehDSopZp — Steve Lindsay CBS (@SteveLindsayCBS) May 2, 2017
@TheAffinityMag Every time you say something about white people, replace "white" with "black", re read it, and then decide if its racist. — (@technowizardry) May 2, 2017​
@TheAffinityMag They've battled with eating disorders and diseases. You insulted them. Not professional and not funny/edgy/cute. Rude. — danny devito (@tuuast) May 2, 2017
The Daily Wire reached out via email to Alex Reaves, Affinity Magazine's "race editor," in an attempt to clarify the situation. We asked two simple questions:
Was the tweet, in the opinion of Affinity, racist?
If not, why was it deleted?
Rather than answer the question, or engage in an exchange of ideas and opinions, Reaves simply replied: "After browsing The Daily Wire, I have come to the decision that I can't in negro conscience contribute to this piece. Have a blessed day."
When pressed as to what that meant — what about the website's content made them unwilling to answer our questions? — Reaves claimed The Daily Wire is a racist publication. We pushed back, asking them to show us examples of racist content from the site.
Reaves couldn't do that. Instead, they made assumptions about the intent of our writers, as well as placing vague blame on The Daily Wire for getting our "white readers riled up."
Racism manifests itself in more ways than just racial slurs, and smaller, unintentional acts often reinforce the former. I know the Daily Wire's style: publish stories bound to get its white readers riled up while occasionally throwing gas on the fire themselves ("Black students triggered by the pro-First Amendment stance," the insinuation that reverse racism exists, "race-based stupidity"). Perhaps you, who aren't black, wouldn't see microaggressions as racist, but I don't have such a luxury. I have already been emailed this morning by a man claiming that I should be grateful for the existence of white people. They probably don't see themselves as racist, and yet websites like yours will encourage them to revel in their ignorance while people of color get the brunt of it. Go ahead, publish the article, and set your readers off the leash and onto a site run mostly by teenagers trying to navigate whiteness, an experience you'll never have and thus never truly understand. Just don't involve me in it.
The phrase "black students triggered by the pro-First Amendment stance" comes from a piece about black students at Pomona College who authored a protest letter in which they literally referred to "objective truth" as a form of white supremacy.
The phrase "race-based stupidity" comes from an article decrying those who criticized the Grammy's for awarding Adele instead of Beyoncé. After detailing the ridiculousness of the complaints that racism was the reason the "incredibly rich, world famous" Beyoncé lost to Adele, the author writes: "Yes, clearly Hollywood has a problem. But it isn't racism. It's race-based stupidity."
These pieces aren't in any way racist; they're responding to the progressive dogma that insists that racism is an institutional and undefeatable force from which minorities can never escape — but that's racism according to the Left. Moreover, according to Reaves, the onus is on The Daily Wire to stop those who might take our content — which is rightly critical of the progressive narrative as it pertains to race — and use it inappropriately to advance their personal racist agenda.
Lastly, Reaves plays the victim, daring us to "set [our] readers off the leash and onto a site run mostly by teenagers trying to navigate whiteness," something we can "never understand."
Okay, then. But at least we understand that racial jokes about people's appearances aren't appropriate.
Thursday morning, the Broncos held a special team meeting to make a handful of important announcements. Four games remain in a season that has, for most on the team, been the most difficult one of their careers. But before they took the field to prep for the final stretch, they took a moment to recognize more than what transpired on the field this year.
The Broncos named star linebacker Von Miller its 2017 Community Impact Award winner for their off-field contributions through Von's Vision, their foundation created to provide low-income children with eye care and corrective eyewear. Related Articles O'Halloran: Broncos' priority at the NFL combine? Looking for free agents.
Broncos Mailbag: Is it worth pursuing Antonio Brown and Josh Rosen?
NFL Combine 2019 Primer: Road to draft takes league to Indianapolis
Why Evan Worthington's 40-yard dash time could propel them up NFL draft boards
O'Halloran: Road to the NFL for Northern Colorado's Alex Wesley started vs. CU Buffs in 2017
Since Von's Vision was established in 2012, Miller has raised $3.4 million (including $1.1 million in 2017) to provide eye exams, frames and lenses to children of low-income families. By the end of 2017, more than 6,000 students in Denver will have received free eye care through their foundation.
“It's a wonderful award,” Miller said. “I didn't need credit. I haven't been looking for credit. But to get that — I can't even downplay it. It's amazing. That's an award I hold close to my heart.”
The Broncos also selected second-year safeties Justin Simmons, Will Parks, long snapper Casey Kreiter and receiver Emmanuel Sanders as their four Community Ambassador Award winners for 2017.
Simmons made 16 community appearances this year, including six visits to local high school games, and has been a leader
for the Broncos' with Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Denver.
Parks led all Broncos players in service hours this year by attending more than 20 community events, through local high school visits and team initiatives.
Kreiter helped the Broncos' Tackle STEM program and participated in National STEM Day. They have also been a regular visitor to Children's Hospital Colorado.
And Sanders launched their namesake foundation this year to provide children from financially disadvantaged families with support and resources. Earlier this year they led the Broncos in raising $87,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief efforts in Houston.
Elsewhere, Michael Bay's '13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi' is soaring in conservative Southern states for a $20 million-plus opening over the Martin Luther King holiday weekend.
Universal's Ride Along 2 — reuniting Kevin Hart and Ice Cube — won the Friday race at the North American box office with $12 million from 3,175 theaters for a projected $38 million-$40 million weekends, enough to win the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday ahead of The Revenant and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The $40 million sequel is coming in behind the first film, which debuted to $48.6 million over the same four-day holiday weekend two years ago. However, Ride Along 2 faces far more competition and earned a B+ CinemaScore, compared to an A for the original pic.
Ride Along 2 sees the soon-to-be-wed Ben (Hart) heading to Miami with their soon-to-be brother-in-law James (Cube) to bring down a drug kingpin who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product. Will Packer is among the producers of the film, directed by Tim Story. Ride Along 2 is overindexing among African-Americans, who made up 38 percent of Friday's audience, according to Rentrak's PostTrak service.
Enjoying a major awards boost, The Revenant, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and directed by Alejandro G. Inarritu, earned $9.3 million Friday from 3,559 locations for a projected $37 million weekend, ahead of expectations and putting it at No. 2.
The Fox and New Regency film picked up 12 Oscar nominations Thursday after winning best picture, the best director and best actor honors at last weekend's Golden Globes ceremony. Revenant added screens this weekend, including 54 Imax theaters. Imax had previously been committed to carrying Star Wars: Force Awakens across its entire circuit.
Force Awakens was bumped to No. 2 this past week by Revenant after a dazzling run that saw the J.J. Abrams-helmed blockbuster top the box office for four consecutive weekends and shatter numerous records for Disney and Lucasfilm. After grossing $6.4 million Friday from 3,822 theaters, Force Awakens is expected to earn $34 million from 3,822 locations over the weekend for a domestic total of roughly $860 million and a global haul north of $1.8 billion. The movie has begun shedding theaters in North America; its tally since opening had been 4,134 sites.
Michael Bay's patriotic themed 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi opened to a solid $6 million Friday from 2,389 theaters after earning an A CinemaScore. The Paramount film looks set to take in $20 million-plus over the four-day holiday, in line with the $22 million launch of Lone Survivor on the same weekend in 2013. A year ago, Clint Eastwood's American Sniper launched to a massive $107.2 million, but it boasted a major star in Bradley Cooper.
13 Hours, targeting conservative moviegoers, is also potentially politically divisive in recounting the 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Embassy compound in Benghazi that left four dead, including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who was then Secretary of State, has come under fierce attack from Republican rivals for security lapses at the compound. The movie does not refer to Clinton.
13 Hours, which stars John Krasinski and James Badge Dale, is soaring in conservative Southern states, which also boast a large number of military bases.
The weekend's third new entry, Lionsgate's family film Norm of the North, grossed $1.6 million from 2,411 theaters Friday for a projected four-day debut of $8.5 million. The pic earned a B- CinemaScore.
Among other Oscar best-picture contenders, Adam McKay's The Big Short also hopes for an awards bump since it is relatively new at the cineplex (it opened nationwide Dec. 23). The dramedy has grossed $44.6 million to date for Paramount and New Regency, and is looking to add another $6 million over the holiday frame.
Prospects for best-picture contenders Brooklyn, Room and Spotlight are trickier since they have been in theaters longer, even if they were never given wide, saturated releases. All three films are adding theaters this weekend.
Jan. 16, 8 a.m. Updated with Friday numbers.
The South China Mall is the largest mall in the world, and it's a ghost town, with only a handful of shops in its peeling, spooky, sprawling guts.
The employees of this giant mall could, if they wanted, spend their breaks driving bumper cars, browsing for house-wares, strolling along a Venetian canal, petting fake herons in an indoor rain forest, or gazing at an eighty-five-foot replica of the Arc de Triomphe – all, of course, without leaving the premises. They could also picnic next to the bell tower of St Mark's Square in Venice, soak up the ambience of San Francisco, or take a ride on the mall's indoor-outdoor roller coaster, a 553-meter flying railway known as Kuayue Shi Kong, or “Moving Through Time and Space”.
As it happens, it's just those things – time and space – that give so much trouble to the workers here. They have too much of both. On a recent Friday afternoon, an amusement-park employee, slouched in a forsaken ticket booth, tried to kill time by making origami. Another worker slept, with perfect impunity, on a table. In front of the haunted house attraction, one attendant was doing hand-stands while two others looked blankly on.
There was nothing else to do, because the South China Mall, which opened with great fanfare in 2005, is not just the world's largest. With fewer than a dozen stores scattered through a space designed to house 1,500, it is also the world's emptiest – a dusty, decrepit complex of buildings marked by peeling paint, dead light bulbs, and dismembered mannequins.
December 14, 2012
A mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut left 28 people dead, including 20 children. See the Dart Center's resources for journalists covering this tragedy.
A mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut Friday morning left 28 people dead, including 20 children, as officials and the media continued to seek answers. Among the dead was the adult gunman identified as Adam Lanza, whose mother was found dead at their Newtown home.
The numbers of dead and wounded make this the second worst school shooting in U.S. history, after the 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech, which left 32 dead. It also stands out because of the young age of the victims, many of whom died in a kindergarten classroom, according to officials who spoke to the Hartford Courant.
“I can't believe it's happened in my town,” said Lisa Terifay, a mother of two children at the school who were not injured, according to the Washington Post.
Sandy Hook Elementary School is in a residential, wooded neighborhood, southeast of Hartford and about 90 minutes north of New York City. The school has 39 teachers and approximately 650 students. More than 1,000 people attended a memorial service Friday night at St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church in Newtown.
The Dart Center has a host of resources and tips for journalists who are tasked with covering tragedy on this scale below:
COVERING CHILDREN AND TEENAGERS
Quick tips for interviewing children.
The Dart Center's comprehensive guide, "Covering Children and Trauma."
The National Child Traumatic Stress Network's resources on responding to a school crisis, suggestions for educators, suggestions for talking to children, tips for youth talking to journalists, parent guidelines for helping youth, age-related reactions to a traumatic event, and psychological impacts to consider following a recent shooting.
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's Tips for Talking to Children and Youth After Traumatic Events.
American Psychological Association's guide to help children manage their distress following a school shooting.
A fact sheet on the effects of trauma-related news media on children.
An overview of current research on the impacts of media coverage of tragedy on children.
Oklahoma University's Terrorism & Disaster Center
COVERING MASS KILLINGS
Psychiatrist Frank Ochberg, M.D. and Bruce Shapiro, executive director of the Dart Center, share insights on covering mass killings in the aftermath of the Arizona shooting that left six dead and a U.S. Congresswoman grievously injured.
Reporter Dave Cullen's lessons from a decade of reporting on the Columbine attacks.
A self-study unit on covering terrorism.
A compilation of journalist-to-journalist advice.
Professor Meg Moritz shares four lessons on covering school shootings.
Quick tips on working with victims and survivors from Dart Centre Asia Pacific.
Resources for Covering Mass Shootings: Reacting to the 2010 Cumbria Tragedy, the Dart Center's Gavin Rees reflects on the story and offers resources for journalists.
In a piece for Walkley magazine, the Dart Center's Bruce Shapiro points to some of what we've learned from covering mass shootings.
In this video James Grimaldi, staff writer at the Wall Street Journal, talks about how to investigate gun sales.
For those who read German, Gisela Mayer, the mother of victim of the school shooting in Winnenden describes their family's experience of finding itself subject to media attention.
ADVICE FOR YOUTH JOURNALISTS
A series of resources on covering school shootings, with lessons from student journalists who covered shootings at Northern Illinois University and Virginia Tech.
ADVICE FOR EDITORS
Dart Center Executive Director Bruce Shapiro passes on lessons for newsrooms learned from the Virginia Tech shooting.
Quick tips on how to support your reporters.
SELF-CARE
Quick tips on self-care from Dart Centre Asia Pacific.
Self-care advice from an editor who's been there.
WaterRoof
WaterRoof is an advanced and feature rich IPFW firewall frontend for Mac OS X. Manage rules, bandwidth, logs, statistics.
Murus, the new Yosemite PF firewall front end is now available!
IPFW has been removed from OS X 10.10. The default network firewall is now PF. WaterRoof does not support PF.
Want to try a FREE PF frontend for OS X 10.10? Download Murus Lite here!
• uses Mac OS X built-in IPFW firewall . No kernel modules, no extensions, no pain. WaterRoof is free and open-source
• the most advanced Mac OS X free graphic frontend for ipfw now features a new, clean interface. WaterRoof lets you create, modify, delete, move ipfw rules very quickly.
• designed for Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server
• build ipfw rules easily with the new simplified interface and the IPFW Rules Translator . Building ipfw rules now is easier than ever
• scan your Mac for running network services and filter open ports with one mouse click
• list and block remote hosts connected to your Mac
• watch and parse firewall logs , create raw and graphic statistics
• look at active network connections, block them or limit their bandwidth on-the-fly with the connection inspector
• list all processes that make or listen for network connections
• Backup and deploy firewall rules with WaterRoof Injectors
• manage Network Address Translation ( NAT ) daemon: create a dual-homed firewall/nat/router with port redirection and forwarding;
• Manage rules on Mac OS X Server: WaterRoof is fully integrated with Server Admin (10.6)
• Manage NAT Port Forwarding (including Mac OS X Server 10.7 Lion)
• Configure a dual homed NAT firewall/router with Mac OS X Server 10.7 Lion: set up *working* port forwarding directives and choose your favourite IP range for your LAN interface and clients
• deploy firewall configuration using WaterRoof Injectors
• Import and export firewall configurations
• Quick dns reverse and whois choosing from a list of whois servers
• manage network bandwidth with dummynet pipes
• check live dynamic rules (IPFW States) created by stateful firewall rules
• import rules from NoobProof Injectors
• keep your favourite firewall rules active at system boot
• explore and test ipfw with configuration wizard and ready rule sets
• requires Mac OS X 10.5 - 10.8 (ppc/intel)
Download
TO OPEN WATERROOF IN OS X 10.8 MOUNTAIN LION AND UP PLEASE RIGHT-CLICK WATERROOF ICON AND SELECT OPEN, THEN CONFIRM.
Please support free software
Click "Pay Now" to donate using Paypal or credit card.
Send Bitcoin donations to 16UvmZcqEEYT5gYrTaGrh82d12726fQi5x
More...
IPFW HAS BEEN DEPRECATED IN MAC OS X 10.7 LION.
IPFW works as usual and is a very good choice also on Lions but has been officially replaced by PF. Technically IPFW and PF work together. Connections must be allowed (=not blocked) by both firewalls in order to pass.
PF is now the default firewall in OSX. WaterRoof does not support the configuration of PF.
You can download and use the free and open source PF frontend IceFloor.
IPFW HAS BEEN COMPLETELY REMOVED FROM OS X 10.10 YOSEMITE (Developer Preview 1).
IPFW has gone forever. WaterRoof development has been discontinued today, june 5 2014.
Screenshots
Please note: • hanynet.com applications are NOT available on the Mac App Store because Apple does not allow AppleScriptStudio applications to be listed on the Mac App Store. AppleScriptStudio is the development technology we used to develop applications since 2005.
• hanynet.com applications are NOT signed with Apple GateKeeper technology because Hanynet's applications are OPEN SOURCE. You don't need any sign to trust Hanynet's application because you (and the Mac community) has FREE ACCESS TO ITS SOURCE CODE.
Laravel already handles localization, and its filter system can make it quite easy to add content localization for any number of languages. This post will describe a simple approach to localization using route filters.
For testing this, I've created the following test translation files and view. I also made sure the configuration settings match the default localization that I want. I've commented the code below to describe what file the code is in. It uses the built-in Laravel functionality to handle different localization strings based on locale and I also use the trans helper function in the view to fetch the localized strings.
{% highlight html+php startinline %} // app/lang/en/localization_test.php return array( ‘title' => ‘English title', ‘subtitle' => ‘English subtitle', );
// app/lang/fr/localization_test.php return array( ‘title' => ‘French title', ‘subtitle' => ‘French subtitle', );
// app/views/localization_test.php
{% raw %}{{ trans('localization_test.title') }}{% endraw %}
{% raw %}{{ trans('localization_test.subtitle') }}{% endraw %}
// Ensure the following configuration values are set in app/config/app.php ‘locale' => ‘en' ‘fallback_locale' => ‘en' {% endhighlight %}
The first thing we have to do is create our filter. In app/filters.php add the following code. It checks the input for the lang value, and sets the locale for Laravel to use when handling localization. In our case, the lang value is retrieved from the URL. For any route that we wish to add localization, we simple have to make sure it runs through this filter first.
{% highlight html+php startinline %} Route::filter(‘localization', function() { App::setLocale(Route::input(‘lang')); }); {% endhighlight %}
Now within app/routes.php it's just a matter of ensuring that we use the filter for any routes we want localized. Below is what the routes.php file currently looks like for testing purposes. If you want to localize all routes, it's just a matter of wrapping them using Route::group like in the following example.
{% highlight html+php startinline %} Route::group([‘prefix' => ‘{lang?}', ‘before' => ‘localization'], function() { Route::get('/', function() { return View::make(‘localization_test'); }); }); {% endhighlight %}
The result of this is that visiting urls like yoursite.com/en or yoursite.com/fr will render the view with the correct translation strings. Also, because we set locale and fallback_locale , visiting yoursite.com will automatically show the English translations.
A side effect of using the filter like this is it's just a matter of prefixing any endpoints with the locale to get translated routes, as long as they're in the Route::group above. URLs like yoursite.com/fr/blog , yoursite.com/en/blog , and yoursite.com/blog will all show the same page with the expected translations when added to this group.
This method could also be used to add localized routes for specific users with just a few tweaks. It's just a matter of removing the lang prefix from the route group, and in the filter we just need to check the user's localization setting which could be stored as an attribute on the user model. You could also examine the request headers and try to get their locale from there.
{% highlight html+php startinline %} // app/routes.php Route::group([‘before' => ‘localization'], function() { Route::get('/', function() { return View::make(‘localization_test'); }); });
// app/filters.php Route::filter(‘localization', function() { App::setLocale(Auth::user()->locale); }); {% endhighlight %}
Hopefully this has been helpful. The Laravel documentation has much more detailed information on localization and routing which you should read if you haven't already. If anyone has any other interesting ways to do localization please feel free to message me on Twitter @RyanNielson or comment on this post.
It blinked its eyes, turned its head toward us, and it was love at first sight.
I'm talking, of course, about that short, slightly chubby, and insanely cute creature from the Star Wars: The Last Jedi behind-the-scenes reel shown at D23. It was only on-screen for about a second — a puppet on a work bench — but immediately inspired lots of online chatter from fans. What is it? Where does it come from? Can I keep it?
StarWars.com is excited to reveal that that little critter is called a porg. And to get just a little more information, we talked to the Lucasfilm Story Group's Pablo Hidalgo.
StarWars.com: So Pablo, right now all we know is that these little guys are called porgs. What else can you tell us about them that won't make Rian Johnson ask for StarWars.com to be shut down and erased from the Internet?
Pablo Hidalgo: Porgs are native to Ahch-To, and can be found dwelling along the cliffs of the island where Luke and Rey are. In many ways, they're the Star Wars version of puffins. They build nests. They can fly. Their babies are called porglets.
StarWars.com: Based on their demeanor, would I be wrong in assuming they're friendly?
Pablo Hidalgo: Given how rarely their island has visitors, their curiosity outweighs any skittishness they may have.
StarWars.com: Do you know where the name comes from?
Pablo Hidalgo: You'd have to ask Rian. They came with that name and the idea of the porgs fully “hatched,” so to speak.
StarWars.com: In the D23 behind-the-scenes reel, we see that porgs (or at least a porg) were made through practical effects.
Pablo Hidalgo: The porgs are realized through a variety of effects, depending on what's needed. Sometimes they're puppets, with the puppeteers digitally removed from the shot. Other times, they're entirely CG.
StarWars.com: I saw fan art of porgs on Twitter on the same day they were revealed. Fans just seemed to instantly connect with them. Why do you think that is?
Pablo Hidalgo: Ever since that roadside scavenger let out that belch outside Jabba's palace in Return of the Jedi, the idea that there's an entire animal kingdom living amid the drama and adventure of the Star Wars saga is a compelling one. Besides, porgs are cute. You fall into those deep, soulful eyes. I think a lot of people are going to want a porg as a pet.
Dan Brooks is Lucasfilm's senior content writer and editor of the StarWars.com blog. They love Star Wars, ELO, and the New York Rangers, Jets, and Yankees. Follow them on Twitter @dan_brooks where they rant about all these things.
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
Give me liberty, or give me death! – Partrick Henry, American Founding Father, 1775 They value their civil liberties more than they value life. I disagree with that. You want to be free and dead? I'd rather be not free and alive – Billionaire Hillary Clinton donor Haim Saban, 2015
Just in case you're wondering what the people bankrolling Hillary Clinton's Presidential campaign think about civil liberties, you now have your answer.
Here's what billionaire Haim Saban had to say about civil liberties during an interview with The Wrap:
What are people in Hollywood saying about the Paris terror attacks? Many members of the Hollywood community are very liberal and they value their civil liberties more than they value life. I disagree with that. You want to be free and dead? I'd rather be not free and alive. The reality is that certain things that are unacceptable in times of peace — such as profiling, listening in on anyone and everybody who looks suspicious, or interviewing Muslims in a more intense way than interviewing Christian refugees — is all acceptable [during war]. Why? Because we value life more than our civil liberties and it's temporary until the problem goes away. But to say this is shameful — I disagree. [ISIS] said, ‘We're going to Paris,' and they went to Paris. They're saying they're now going to Washington. Watch out, they might. I'm not suggesting we put Muslims through some kind of torture room to get them to admit that they are or they're not terrorists. But I am saying we should have more scrutiny.
Yes, because it's so liberal to push a false Orwellian choice between freedom and safety. The entire concept of civilization and liberty revolves around the belief individuals never have to make such a sacrifice Indeed, America never would have been founded in the first place had the colonists accepted Saban's infantile logic.
How does this guy sound any different from George W. Bush or Dick Cheney? The answer is they don't, which makes perfect sense because Hillary Clinton is a dyed in the wool neocon. Always has been always will be. Meanwhile, The Wrap highlighted just how important Haim Saban is to Hillary…
TheWrap spoke to Saban about their support for the Democratic presidential frontrunner — they and and their wife, Cheryl, gave $2 million to Prioritize USA Action, Clinton's Super PAC, and hosted a fundraiser in May that netted another $2 million.
In case you forget, I've highlighted Saban in the past. Recall the following from the post, Inside the Mind of an Oligarch – Sheldon Adelson Proclaims “I Don't Like Journalism”:
At the conference, which also featured top Democratic funder Haim Saban, Adelson also said Israel would not be able to survive as a democracy: “So Israel won't be a democratic state, so what?” they asked Saban, adding that democracy, after all, is not mentioned in the Torah,and recommended that the country build a “big wall” to protect itself, saying, “I would put up a big wall around my property.” Saban and Adelson should buy The New York Times together in an effort to bring more “balance” to the newspaper's coverage of Israel and the Middle East, Adelson suggested to wild applause. Adelson already owns Israel Hayom, a free Israeli newspaper widely seen as reflecting the positions of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is considered close to Adelson, and, more recently, news website NRG and religious newspaper Makor Rishon. Haim Saban, a media mogul and close Democratic ally of Hillary Rodham Clinton, criticized President Obama's outreach to Iran, declaring that “we've shown too many carrots and a very small stick.” Still, Saban said that they think Clinton would repair the relationship and that they have told them they would spend “whatever it takes” to propel them into the White House. That includes giving millions of dollars to Prioritize USA, a super PAC that helped Obama in 2012 and is revving up to aid Clinton in 2016.
But hey…
Melina Abdullah, a professor of Pan-African studies at the University of California-Los Angeles, recently wrote an op-ed that called for a “Black Christmas” protest against “White Capitalism.”
Abdullah said that the protest would be a collective blow against President Donald Trump, who they said represents an economic system that “literally kills [black] people.”
"Although successful capitalists observe the virtues of thrift, honesty, and industriousness, market-capitalism thrives on consumers' unvirtuous behavior."
The Root, a popular black website, repeated Abdullah's call for a Black Christmas, but the idea is hardly new. Black activists have encouraged a Christmas season-boycott every year that I can remember. When I was a kid growing up in Brooklyn, I heard “woke” relatives and community members encourage the same action.
Professor Abdullah's claim that capitalism literally kills blacks ignores American successes such as Michael Jackson, Booker T. Washington, Tristan Walker, Oprah Winfrey, and George Washington Carver, but we should use their call for a Black Christmas as an opportunity to glance at some of the crosscurrents in the black political conscience.
For conservatives who only hear another SJW doubling-down on neo-segregationist invective, a descriptive analysis of why blacks have called for a “Black Christmas” is in order.
To begin, I should state something blacks all know, but seldom admit in front of white audiences: black Americans' status as a consumer class is a national shame. When I sit for my haircut in my predominantly black area of Bedford-Stuyvesant, I may hear my barber say something like, “Man, y'all need to stop spending [your] money on bullshit and leave something for your kids.”
It's worth mentioning that these conversations seldom scapegoat whites. Gentrification stirs similar sentiments among many blacks because the millions of dollars that sparked the Brooklyn Renaissance didn't come from inside the black community.
Are the black men at my barbershop spreading malignant black stereotypes?
The latest data on the financial state of black America confirms my barber's contention. According to the Urban Institute's study on wealth inequality, the average black family has $19,000 in retirement savings against whites' $130,000. Additionally, the average white family has a month's worth of liquid savings. Blacks have five days' worth.
Although critics have long flagged claims that blacks waste their income on what University of Chicago Professor Nikolai Roussanov called visible goods—clothing, cars, and jewelry—as racist, Roussanov confirmed what common sense had shown any black American who has lived in a predominantly black city. Between the years 1986-2002, blacks spent 30 percent more of their income on visible goods than did whites.
Roussanov stopped short of attributing this trend to culture, however, and argued instead that economics can explain blacks' poor spending habits. But Roussanov should consult with blacks who have attributed their condition to culture for years. And although blacks have admitted as much in confidence, black intellectuals' refusal to separate their public admission of this fact from identitarian rhetoric prevents us from hearing this concession clearly.
Consider that the Nation of Islam (NOI) prescribed cultural practices social conservatives have advocated for years. Black Muslims challenged their members to practice moderation, sobriety, fidelity, frugality, fatherhood, and submission to a pseudo, yet nonetheless strict, rules-based Islam. As one sociologist noted when they visited one of the earliest NOI communities, many black Muslims were model citizens when judged against Protestant and secular blacks.
I am not arguing for a Black Muslim revival. Malcolm X's attacks against the tenets of Western liberalism harmed our civic culture immensely. Still, we should understand that the NOI program was a radical effort at social engineering and tells us that blacks thought such reforms were necessary.
Cultural conservatives might better understand what I am getting at. When we praise Chinese-Americans for being a “model minority” we are celebrating their ability to master the Anglo-American way. But how have Chinese-Americans managed to nail the Anglo-American model so quickly?
One explanation is that their shared Confucian heritage converges with the liberty-ordering principles of the Abrahamic tradition and that Confucian values gave Chinese-Americans the self-mastery required for success in market-capitalism. Consider an excerpt from a recent Forbes article that described the financial practices of Chinese-Americans:
“They tend to have higher incomes, higher asset levels and greater equity in their homes. They're self-described savers, with more knowledge about debt management and investing. They also own a greater diversity of financial products. They have the highest levels of investment in individual stocks and retirement plans and are more likely to trade stocks online, too.”
The above paragraph describes a sensibility that doesn't emerge overnight. English culture prepared the first American settlers for American liberty in a similar way that the Eastern tradition has helped propel many Chinese Americans into the upper-middle-class. In a democratic capitalist society that doesn't sanction virtue, culture works in tandem with liberty, ordering it in such a manner that individuals exercise their freedom with the understanding that, as John Locke wrote, liberty isn't license.
Blacks' embrace of Islam was a recognition of the role religion plays in shaping the human person and reflected a desire to attain the kind of self-discipline that propelled Anglo-American society to the heights of civilization.
In some sense, blacks have caught onto what Daniel Bell pointed out in The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism: although successful capitalists observe the virtues of thrift, honesty, and industriousness, market-capitalism thrives on consumers' unvirtuous behavior.
Think of no-down-payment mortgages, payday loans, installment-plans for the latest iPhone, and the many ways companies create demand for products unnecessary for the fulfillment of good lives. Now, think of all the black parents who dole out $200 on Air Jordan sneakers for their children instead of placing that money into a savings or investments account.
With this in mind, some might still ask: why must black professors stir resentment and division when they are merely asking white America, as Jason Riley did in 2013, to “please stop helping us?” This is because American blacks have a “kinfolk” sensibility that forbids black intellectuals from making a broadside against Black America. Instead of speaking thoughtfully to citizens of all stripes, black leaders obscure their message with performative language.
This pattern exists elsewhere in higher education. I observed it up close when I visited Columbia University's Black Student Union (BSU) chapter for its kickoff meeting this fall. After a period in which the BSU students maligned the classics of Western Civilization featured in Columbia's core curriculum, one student said in a hushed tone: “but you still have to read their books so that you can work their system.” The BSU E-Board agreed.
If blacks boycott the most significant consumer holiday of the year, it will be another example of how they have attempted to unite Malcolm X's spirit with Anglo-American values. After all, Professor Abdullah challenged blacks to practice delayed-gratification, or what Benjamin Franklin might have called virtue.
Perhaps such a reset shouldn't be out of the question.
Follow Dion J. Pierre on Twitter: @dionjpierre
Follow the National Association of Scholars on Twitter: @NASorg
I have only good memories of walk-in closets, except for the time I was rummaging around in the back of one–and suddenly came across a high-top sneaker with two kittens sitting in it.
It was a charming scene really, with one tiny kitten gnawing on a shoelace and the other batting at their brother with a fuzzy paw, unless you stopped to consider the cold facts of the situation. My closet was so stuffed with clothing that I hadn't noticed when my cat gave birth to a litter in there several weeks earlier.
How do closets get so overcrowded? How does a pair of blue jeans you had in college manage to surreptitiously elude the Salvation Army dragnet for decades to follow you as you move across the country, back and forth and back again, to each new walk-in closet?
Yet. When I remodeled my house last year, No. 1 on my wish list was a walk-in closet. Less than nine months later, the closet is already a shambles. By last week, every time I tried to walk in, a stray shoe would trip me. The sleeves from blouses were twining themselves, anaconda style, around my neck.
It was time to clean out the closet, drastically and once-and-for-all. I was sick of feeling as if my clothes owned me. I came up with a new strategy: define the season's wardrobe as minimally as possible–I pared down to ten pieces–and put everything else into organized deep storage. I know ten pieces sounds pretty draconian. But if you look at a weather map, you'll see most of us live in climates defined by three-month stretches that don't vary that much. And more minimal is always more peaceful.
My ten essential pieces include jeans, black pants, khaki pants, a knit dress, a pencil skirt, two collared shirts, a cardigan, a blazer, and a white tee shirt. Here's how to pare down your closet to your own personal ten essential pieces:
New Year's Resolution: a DIY Easy Herbal Cleanse.
Have you ever whittled your wardrobe to a few key items? Tell us about it in the comment section below:
Photographs by Zoe Quittner except where noted.
Above: Photograph by Michelle Slatalla.
Step No. 1: Confront your closet. Can you even see what's in there? Start the cleanout by reaching in to grab every piece of clothing you love. Note: If you hesitate over an item, for even a second, you don't love it.
Place the clothes you love on your bed. Arrange the articles by type: jeans, pants, shirts, etc.
Is your closet already pared down? Next up: your office. See 7 Ways to Organize Your Desktop for Workspace Serenity.
Step No. 2: Examine the items on the bed to see if a theme emerges. Is everything blue? Perhaps you chose clothes sewn only from comfortable fabrics. Did you choose only your best-fitting pair of jeans? Did you leave all the skirts in the closet?
By examining the clothes you love in a vacuum–that is, without the rest of your wardrobe surrounding them and clamoring for attention–you will see a pattern. Maybe you like striped shirts best. Or maybe you really only feel comfortable in black. Next time you are on the verge of a purchase, think back to this moment: how would the new piece you are considering fit in with your favorites?
Step No. 3: Make outfits. How many different ways can you mix key pieces to create different looks? Lay out as many ensembles as possible. (Power user tip: snap photos with your phone of each outfit; when you wake up tomorrow morning and can't decide what to wear, you can remind yourself of the possibilities.)
Step No. 4: Edit. Are there favorite pieces that didn't make the cut when you were putting together outfits? Take them off the bed.
Above: Photograph via Ralph Lauren.
Step No. 5: Pick and choose. Ask yourself: Is there essential piece missing? If you go back to your closet to get a particular jacket or shirt or a pair of pants you now regret leaving behind, will that article of clothing enable you to create several more outfits? If so, grab it.
Do you need a pair of the cutest rain boots in existence? See The Ultimate Garden Boots. But I digress.
Step No. 6: Repair, replace buttons, and iron every piece of clothing that needs attention. If an item doesn't fit properly, take it to the tailor; shorten the sleeves, nip in the waist, lift a hemline to the most flattering length. If you don't want to make that investment, get rid of the piece. Trust me, it doesn't look good on you.
N.B.: Looking for more tips for caring for your clothes? See Expert Advice: 10 Wardrobe Maintenance Essentials.
Step No. 7: Take everything else out of your closet and put it in deep storage. Organize these pieces by season when you pack them away. Maybe you are lucky enough to have a backup closet in a guest room where you can store it for now. If not, get some squish bags; with vacuum-sealed Space Bags ($9.99 for a package of two from Container Store) you can suck the air out of the bag to store more clothes in a small space. (Three months from now, pull out clothing and pick your favorites for the next season.)
Above: Photograph by Michelle Slatalla.
Step No. 8: Edit your favorites. Which were the ten key pieces you used most often to create outfits? Put those back in your closet, on hangers or shelves where they are most visible and accessible.
Above: A four-pack of Basic Cedar Shirt Hangers is $9.90 from Container Store.
Fold the rest of your favorites and if you are very brave, give them the squish bag treatment as well. If the thought of that gives you hives, put this second tier of favorites in the back of your closet; you can access them, but only in an emergency.
Do you need more shelving? For some of our mix-and-match modular units, see Stage An Intervention With Stylish Shelves.
Step No. 9: Wear your ten favorite pieces, in as many combinations as possible, for a week. See how that feels. If things are going well, try a second week. If you are missing a key piece, pull it out of the back of the closet; it's not the end of the world if you wear 11 essential pieces of clothing.
Step No. 10: Shoes, handbags, and accessories. This proved harder for me than culling clothes. I love shoes, and have many pairs. For the season, I pared down to three pairs: black flats, black heels, and espadrilles. (I also have a pair of running shoes, but running shoes are ugly and therefore don't count as a pair of shoes.) I winnowed handbags to two–a neutral colored bag with a shoulder strap and a tote big enough to hold my laptop. As for belts? One skinny, one wide.
I took three pairs of off-season shoes to the cobbler to get new heels and soles, and stored off-season handbags in cloth bags to protect them.
It is now Day 3, post-cleanout. It feels pretty good. I am wearing the same jeans and the same shirt I would have been wearing even if my closet were still stuffed full of clothes. The challenge, I can see, is going to be keeping fewer items looking good: with more ironing, frequent laundering, and fewer stains from messy sandwiches eaten at my desk.
As for my closet? God, an almost-empty closet looks beautiful and so very serene. Not that I have anything against kittens.
Are you wondering what wardrobe essentials to pack for an out-of-town trip? See Style Counsel: Heidi Swanson's Travel Kit.
N.B.: This post was published April 22, 2013 as part of our Spring Cleaning week.
A Thousand Foot View of Machine Learning | December 31, 2009
Since I plan to spend a fair amount of time on this blog talking about machine learning, I thought it would make sense to give a basic introduction to what in the world machine learning is. From the outside, people seem to think it's some kind of magic. In this post, I will give a brief introduction to the principles in machine learning, highlighting the way machine learning researchers frame problems and how the algorithms they develop work to solve these problems.
The field is separated into two main categories: supervised learning and unsupervised learning.
Supervised learning is when we are given input vectors (X's) and associated results (Y's), which could be categories (classification problems) or numbers (regression problems). Given this information, we then seek to develop a model whereby, given a new vector (X), we can determine the associated result (Y).
Sorry if that was too far out there. Maybe we're given a vector of a user's preferences in music and we're trying to classify them as a fan of “rock” or “rap.” Maybe we're trying to look at some market variables and tell whether it's going to go up or down.
In unsupervised problems, we are only given the input vectors (X). Our goal, then, is to “cluster” (or find logical groupings) of these vectors subject to some constraints. That's not as important to what I do, so I'm going to leave it for another time.
Supervised learning
A vector is simply a list of numbers. For simplicity's sake, we'll start with a problem where the input vectors (X) are two-dimensional, since these vectors can easily be visualized on an x-y plane. However, it is important to remember that these algorithms can work on input vectors of any dimension.
Consider the following “toy problem.” We are given two-dimensional input vectors (X), and associated Y values which can be either “square” or “triangle.” Then, given a new two-dimensional point (X), depicted below as a green circle, we want to decide whether it corresponds to “square” or “triangle”:
This image demonstrates how perhaps the simplest of supervised learning algorithms, known as the k-nearest neighbor algorithm (or KNN) works. KNN simply looks at the new point, and finds the closest points in the training set (the nearest neighbors) in order to decide how to classify the new point. The inner circle demonstrates that, when we use the closest 3 points (k = 3) the algorithm will predict “triangle.” However, the outer circle shows that, when we select k = 5, it will predict “square.”
Naturally, since the Euclidean distance function used by KNN can work with vectors of any dimension, this principle can be applied to input vectors of any size (although they wouldn't be quite as easy to visualize).
This is the fundamental problem of supervised learning: we are given examples (input vectors X and their associated outcomes Y), and we look for a way to train a model to make predictions about new points.
Although KNN does it in a fairly simple way, other algorithms tackle the problem from other directions.
Another example is an algorithm called a linear support vector machine. This algorithm relies on the intuition of maximum margin to solve supervised learning problems. Consider the following 2-dimensional example, here training an algorithm to separate between black and white Y values:
The linear SVM draws a line between the two sets in such a way that it accomplishes two things:
The line is as far as possible from the closest training points of each class (maximum margin); and As few as possible points are on the “wrong side” of the line.
The training points along the dotted line are called the “support vectors”—the line is drawn so as to maximize its distance from these support vectors.
The linear SVM has one serious flaw: in order for it to work, the two classes must be separable by a simple line. That doesn't occur very often. In the above KNN demonstration, for example, the squares weren't linearly separable from the triangles. In that case, the linear SVM would fail miserably.
The Kernel Trick
The way we get around this problem is by using the kernel trick, which I believe is one of the most beautiful pieces of mathematics I've ever seen.
The kernel trick works as follows. We have our original points (X's), which are 2-dimensional and sit in the x-y plane. As it turns out, there are functions (called kernel functions) that take those original 2-dimensional points and project them (according to some rules) into a much higher dimensional space. In fact, using the most popular kernel (called the Gaussian radial basis function kernel), it takes points of any dimension and projects them into an infinite-dimensional space (believe it or not, this is possible). Of course, computers can't use infinite dimensional points. But, these kernel functions have special properties that allow us to compute various operations (mainly the “dot” product) on these infinite-dimensional vectors without ever actually calculating the infinite-dimensional vector itself. Since SVMs use dot-products for doing their analysis, they can essentially use a kernel function to project the 2-dimensional points into an infinite-dimensional space in which the two classes are linearly separable, and train the algorithm based on where these points lie in that infinite-dimensional space. When an SVM is used this way, it is called a Kernel Support Vector Machine.
This concept can be confusing at first. To get an idea of how this works in practice, you can play around with this SVM applet, which will allow you to use different data sets and different kernels and see how the SVM reacts.
KSVMs are truly revolutionary. They can accomplish a variety of tasks without any tweaking at all, including handwriting, speech and image recognition. I also have applied KSVMs to some problems in the financial sector, although their main selling point is that they can make good generalizations with small amounts of training examples. Since we have plenty of training examples, KSVMs may not be the right choice for us.
Conclusions and further reading
For further reading, I suggest taking a look at Andrew Moore's tutorials, which I have found to be very helpful. Andrew Moore is a well-known AI researcher from CMU. Mainly, I suggest taking a look at their tutorials on Decision Trees, Gaussian Mixture Models, K-Means Clustering and Support Vector Machines. For a broad look at the field, their Intro to AI tutorial might be helpful.
Hopefully I've introduced the basic concept of machine learning. We come up with training examples, which are just a list of numbers tagged with a category/outcome. Then, given a new list of numbers, we are trying to classify it or predict the outcome associated with it. Thus, the data we feed these algorithms is of paramount importance. The real key is to find a group of data that make our outcomes separable in the high-dimensional space in which these training examples live—then, we simply have to write an algorithm that can learn how to separate between them.
Naturally, this is a bit of a simplification. These algorithms rarely work “out of the box,” and it requires a good understanding of all the internals to figure out which algorithm to use, and how specifically to implement it such as to maximize the chances of success. The programmer has to determine which kernel to use (if any), how to use the data to make it as useful as possible to the algorithm, and how to fine-tune the parameters that each of these algorithms take.
Advertisements
Don't have a kernel debugging environment set up? Don't fret. You can follow our tutorial on how to setup basic kernel debugging using WinDbg and VMware here
Without further ado, let's begin.
What do these callbacks do?
nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine These callbacks can be used by driver developers to gain notifications when certain events happen. For example, the basic process creation callback,, registers a user-defined function pointer ("NotifyRoutine") that will be invoked by Windows each time a process is created or deleted. As part of the event notification, the supplied handler gets a wealth of information . In our example, this will include the parent process' (if one exists) PID, the actual process' PID, and a boolean value that will let us know if the process is being created or if it's terminating.
Security software leverages these callbacks to be able to carefully inspect code running on the machine.
Divin' deep
The documented APIs
nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine
Our investigation has to begin somewhere. What better place than at the start of a documented function? We turn to. MSDN claims that this routine has been around since Windows 2000. Even our friends at ReactOS seem to have implemented this functionality a long time ago. We'll see exactly how (if at all) things have changed in the 17 years from Windows 2000 until now.
nt!PspSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine
nt!PspSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine
nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine
Flags=1
Flags=0
nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutineEx
nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutineEx2
nt!PspSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine
The undocumented world
nt!PspSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine is slightly complicated. I've defined it below, but I strongly recommend
Luckily for us, a lot of the internal data structures related to callback routines haven't changed since Windows 2000. The trailblazers at
For each callback, there's a global array that can contain up to 64 entries. In our case, the start of this array for process creation callbacks is located at nt!PspCreateProcessNotifyRoutine . Each entry in this array is of type _ EX_CALLBACK :
To avoid synchronization problems, nt!ExReferenceCallBackBlock is used which will safely acquire a reference to the underlying callback object, _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK (documented below). We can effectively reproduce the same behavior in a non-thread safe way via:
If we're deleting a callback object ("Remove" is TRUE), we need to make sure that we can find the appropriate _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK in the array. This is done by checking first if the target "NotifyRoutine" matches that of the current _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE with nt!ExGetCallBackBlockRoutine :
Then, we check to see if it's the right type (created with the correct version of ( nt!PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine/Ex/Ex2 ), by using nt!ExGetCallBackBlockContext :
At this point, we've found the entry in the array. We will erase it by setting the _EX_CALLBACK value to NULL via nt!ExCompareExchangeCallback , decrementing the appropriate global counter ( nt!PspCreateProcessNotifyRoutineExCount or nt!PspCreateProcessNotifyRoutineCount ), dereferencing the _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK with nt!ExDereferenceCallBackBlock , waiting for any other code using the _EX_CALLBACK ( nt!ExWaitForCallBacks ), and finally freeing memory ( nt!ExFreePoolWithTag ). As you can see, great care is taken by Microsoft to not free a callback object that is in use.
If we can't find the entry to remove in the nt!PspCreateProcessNotifyRoutine array after exhausting all 64 possibilities, the STATUS_PROCEDURE_NOT_FOUND error message is returned.
On the other hand, if we're adding a new entry into the callback array, things are a little easier. A sanity check is performed by nt!MmVerifyCallbackFunctionCheckFlags to ensure that the "NotifyRoutine" is present in a loaded module. This helps avoid unlinked drivers (or shellcode) from receiving callback events:
After we pass the sanity check, an _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK is allocated via nt!ExAllocateCallBack . This routine confirms the size and layout of the _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK structure:
To wrap up, the newly allocated _EX_CALLBACK_ROUTINE_BLOCK is added to a free (NULL) location in the nt!PspCreateProcessNotifyRoutine array using nt!ExCompareExchangeCallBack (ensuring that it doesn't overflow the 64 limit maximum). Finally, the appropriate global counter is incremented and a global flag is set in nt!PspNotifyEnableMask denoting that there are callbacks of the user-specified type registered on the system.
The other callbacks are slightly complicated. I've defined it below, but I strongly recommend opening it in another window and following the text to ease understanding.Luckily for us, a lot of the internal data structures related to callback routines haven't changed since Windows 2000. The trailblazers at ReactOS have been spot-on with their structure definitions so we'll use them, when possible, to avoid duplicating work.For each callback, there's a global array that can contain up to 64 entries. In our case, the start of this array for process creation callbacks is located at. Each entry in this array is of type _To avoid synchronization problems,is used which will safely acquire a reference to the underlying callback object,(documented below). We can effectively reproduce the same behavior in a non-thread safe way via:If we're deleting a callback object ("Remove" is TRUE), we need to make sure that we can find the appropriatein the array. This is done by checking first if the target "NotifyRoutine" matches that of the currentwithThen, we check to see if it's the right type (created with the correct version of (), by usingAt this point, we've found the entry in the array. We will erase it by setting thevalue to NULL via, decrementing the appropriate global counter (or), dereferencing thewith, waiting for any other code using the), and finally freeing memory (). As you can see, great care is taken by Microsoft to not free a callback object that is in use.If we can't find the entry to remove in thearray after exhausting all 64 possibilities, theerror message is returned.On the other hand, if we're adding a new entry into the callback array, things are a little easier. A sanity check is performed byto ensure that the "NotifyRoutine" is present in a loaded module. This helps avoid unlinked drivers (or shellcode) from receiving callback events:After we pass the sanity check, anis allocated via. This routine confirms the size and layout of thestructure:To wrap up, the newly allocatedis added to a free (NULL) location in thearray using(ensuring that it doesn't overflow the 64 limit maximum). Finally, the appropriate global counter is incremented and a global flag is set indenoting that there are callbacks of the user-specified type registered on the system.
Thankfully, thread and image creation callbacks are very similar to process callbacks. They utilize the same underlying data structures. The only difference is that thread creation/termination callbacks are stored in the nt!PspCreateThreadNotifyRoutine array and that image load notification callbacks are stored in nt!PspLoadImageNotifyRoutine .
The script
It's finally time to put what we know to good use. Using WinDbg, we can create a simple script to automagically enumerate process, thread, and image callback routines.
The script should be easy to follow. I tried to document it as best I could. It should also be compatible, at a minimum, with all forms of Windows from XP and up (both 32-bit and 64-bit flavors).
After running the script using the " !py " command, you should see output similar to this:
Final thoughts Instead of leveraging WinDbg's built-in scripting engine, I've elected to use something a little less disgusting. There's a great 3rd party extension for WinDbg called PyKd that enables Python scripting in WinDbg. Installing it is very straightforward . You'll need a copy of the appropriate bitness (e.g. 64-bit for 64-bit installation of WinDbg) of Python for this to work.The script should be easy to follow. I tried to document it as best I could. It should also be compatible, at a minimum, with all forms of Windows from XP and up (both 32-bit and 64-bit flavors).After running the script using the "" command, you should see output similar to this:
Knowing how the callback system functions in Windows allows us to do very interesting things. As seen above, we're able to programmatically iterate through each callback array and discover all registered callbacks. This is very useful for forensic purposes.
Furthermore, these underlying array lists aren't under the protection of PatchGuard . Since registering callbacks is more-or-less a requirement for anti-virus products in order to develop a useful driver that plays nicely with PatchGuard on x64 systems, malware could dynamically disable (or replace) these registered callbacks to thwart security protection solutions. The possibilities are endless.
As always, if y'all have any questions or comments, please feel free to comment below. Suggestions are greatly appreciated too! Special thanks to the folks at ReactOS for their meticulous documentation. In particular, most of the structures I used were identified by Alex Ionescu for ReactOS a long time ago. Additionally, kudos to the folks that make PyKd . It's a much better alternative to the native scripting interface for WinDbg, in my opinion!As always, if y'all have any questions or comments, please feel free to comment below. Suggestions are greatly appreciated too!
Universalism is the teaching that God will ultimately bring all people, in all times, and all places to a state of reconciliation with Him. In other words, everyone who ever lived will be saved. Consequently, universalism cannot allow the possibility of an eternal hell as a realistic biblical teaching.
To get around the problem of the English Bibles translating Greek words into "eternal," "forever," and forevermore" when describing fire (Matt. 18:8) or torment (Rev. 20:10), the universalists go to the Greek. The Greek word that is translated into eternal is "aionion." It comes from the Greek root "aion" meaning "age." This fact combined with the various uses of Greek words derived from the root "aion," are what the universalists use to attempt to show that "aionion" does not always mean "eternal" but can refer to a finite period of time.
The truth is, they are right. It can be translated into a temporal sense as it is in Rom. 16:25: "Now to Him who is able to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery which has been kept secret for long ages (aionios1) past." But the reason it is translated that way is because of context, and that is extremely important. Context determines meaning, as you will see later.
With the claim that "aionion" can be translated into something temporal and that its root means "age," the universalist then says that any reference to "eternal fire," "eternal torment," or "eternal punishment" is not really eternal. Instead of "eternal torment," it is "aionion torment." Instead of "eternal punishment," it is "aionion punishment." That way, to the universalist, there is no eternal hell, no eternal punishment, and no eternal damnation. Everyone will be saved.
This approach by the Universalists can be confusing to someone who doesn't understand Greek, and that is part of the reason that Universalism has followers. It is true that the root "aion" means age. But just because a root means age does not mean that every word derived from that root means a limited duration of time. For example, consider this verse that is speaking about God:
who alone possesses immortality and dwells in unapproachable light; whom no man has seen or can see. To Him be honor and eternal dominion! Amen, (1 Tim. 6:16)
The context is obviously dealing with God's eternal nature. The word in Greek for "immortality" is "athanatos." The Greek word for death is "thanatos." The "a" in front of the word is the negator -- without, non, etc. It means that God is deathless; hence, immortal. This is an eternal quality of God. Likewise, the verse states that God has eternal dominion. The word for "eternal" is "aionios" which is derived from the Greek root "aion" which means age. But, God is not immortal for only an "age," nor is Their dominion temporal. The word "eternal" is absolutely the best way to translate the Greek "aionion" because God is immortal and eternal. Therefore, it would be wrong to translate the verse by stating that God has "aionion" dominion. Rather, They have eternal dominion.
How is "aionion" used in the New Testament?
The following two sections are verses that contain the word "aionion" which is translated as "eternal." Notice how using the word "eternal" in the first group is no problem. But, it is the second group with which the Universalists object. Nevertheless, the same word is used in both. See for yourself.
John 6:47, "Truly, truly, I say to you, they who believes has eternal (aionion) life. John 10:28, "and I give eternal (aionion) life to them, and they shall never perish; and no one shall snatch them out of My hand." Acts 13:48, "And when the Gentiles heard this, they began rejoicing and glorifying the word of the Lord; and as many as had been appointed to eternal (aionion) life believed." Romans 2:7, " to those who by perseverance in doing good seek for glory and honor and immortality, eternal (aionion) life." Romans 5:21, "that, as sin reigned in death, even so grace might reign through righteousness to eternal (aionion) life through Jesus Christ our Lord." Rom. 16:26, " but now is manifested, and by the Scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the eternal (aionion) God, has been made known to all the nations, leading to obedience of faith." Gal. 6:8, "For the one who sows to their own flesh shall from the flesh reap corruption, but the one who sows to the Spirit shall from the Spirit reap eternal (aionion) life." 1 Tim. 6:16, "who alone possesses immortality and dwells in unapproachable light; whom no man has seen or can see. To Him be honor and eternal (aionion) dominion! Amen." 1 John 1:2, "and the life was manifested, and we have seen and bear witness and proclaim to you the eternal (aionion) life, which was with the Father and was manifested to us" 1 John 5:11, "And the witness is this, that God has given us eternal (aionion) life, and this life is in Their Son."
The following set of scriptures divulge the nature of eternal damnation.
Matt. 18:8, "And if your hand or your foot causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it from you; it is better for you to enter life crippled or lame, than having two hands or two feet, to be cast into the eternal (aionion) fire. Matt. 25:41, "Then They will also say to those on Their left, ‘Depart from Me, accursed ones, into the eternal (aionion) fire which has been prepared for the devil and their angels;" Matt. 25:46, "And these will go away into eternal (aionion) punishment, but the righteous into eternal (aionion) life." Mark 3:29, "but whoever blasphemes against the Holy Spirit never has forgiveness, but is guilty of an eternal (aionion) sin." Mark 10:30, "but that they shall receive a hundred times as much now in the present age, houses and brothers and sisters and mothers and children and farms, along with persecutions; and in the age to come, eternal (aionion) life. Luke 18:30, "who shall not receive many times as much at this time and in the age to come, eternal (aionion) life." 2 Thess. 1:9, "And these will pay the penalty of eternal (aionion) destruction, away from the presence of the Lord and from the glory of Their power," Jude 7, "Just as Sodom and Gomorrah and the cities around them, since they in the same way as these indulged in gross immorality and went after strange flesh, are exhibited as an example, in undergoing the punishment of eternal (aionion) fire."
It should be quite obvious that there is an eternal punishment and that universalism is nothing more than a hopeful wish. The Universalists are not justified in picking and choosing the meaning of a word based upon their interpretations of "aion" that suits them and depending on which verse is used.
A Republican candidate for governor used the beginning of the holiday weekend as occasion to disclose publicly some youthful indiscretions that he's hoping will not become fodder for the upcoming political campaign.
In a press release sent to media outlets across Vermont, Scott Milne said that during an 18-month period in college 35 years ago, they were arrested twice for driving under the influence and once for possession of a small amount of marijuana and cocaine.
"Though I was academically successful, I was making poor choices. These were embarrassing and powerful life lessons of which I am not proud,” Milne said in a written statement. "Shortly after these incidents, I stopped using drugs and committed to only consume alcohol in moderation. As an adult, I have used these lessons, and others, as the foundation of a life dedicated to personal responsibility and improvement, and for understanding and talking with others who may need a hand up or a shoulder to lean on.”
Milne, owner of Milne Travel, also disclosed Thursday that they suffered a stroke in 2006. They said that, thanks in part to the quick action of their 16-year-old daughter, who was home with them at the time, “I have made a full recovery, have very little residual effect and I have my doctor's medical clearance for the rigors of both a vigorous campaign and serving as governor.”
Since announcing their candidacy June 12, Milne's campaign has been slow getting off the ground. They still don't have a campaign website, for example.
Milne said that in exposing their skeletons now, they hope not only to “demonstrate that transparency is more than just a talking point,” but to “let folks know more about me, including my mistakes, so they can fully evaluate which candidate they will elect as governor for the next two years.”
Milne said they also want to diminish the prospect that their arrests record or health history would be used against them by the Democratic incumbent, Gov. Peter Shumlin.
"From this point forward,” Milne said, “our campaign will focus on the challenges Vermont faces and on convincing Vermonters that I can better manage state government and be a stronger advocate for job creation, an economy that ensures the economic security of every family and making our state--including healthcare and property taxes--much more affordable."
Commercial Pest Control in Roanoke, VA
Concerned about pest infestations in your place of business? Get rid of termites, ants, and other pests for good. Bug Man Exterminating provides full-service commercial pest control in Roanoke, VA and the surrounding areas.
Don't lose productivity because of a pest infestation – get insects under control before they become a problem. Our Roanoke exterminators offer a complete range of commercial pest control solutions. Bug Man gets pests under control quickly and effectively, so you can get back to business.
Certified Food Safety Experts
Some of the services we offer:
AIB
SQF
Cook and Server Accounts
At Bug Man Exterminating, our commercial services provide the highest quality commercial pest control that your place of business demands. With our extensive experience servicing many kinds of commercial properties, we will provide you with flexible service plans that expand accordingly to incorporate the ever-changing needs of your particular business.
We realize that each commercial property is different and will therefore have its own specific needs. We are committed to providing a specialized treatment for each valued commercial account. We currently meet the demands of many businesses and have specialized service plans for the following types of commercial properties:
Restaurants
Banks
Schools and Day Care Facilities
Churches
Business Offices
Retail Stores
Hospitality Industry
Community Centers
Apartment Complexes
Medical Facilities
Warehouses and Plants
Whether you need break room service, exterior grounds spraying, rodent control, pre-demolition extermination and/or routine inspections, Bug Man Exterminating technicians are ready to meet your commercial pest control needs. Contact us today for a free quote.
- Mae West
The most concise definition I've heard of leftism a comment from Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, in their magnum opus, Leftism Revisited: it's about "the murder of the Father."
I picked this up from the Elusive Wapitii.
“Why are we here today?” they asked.
“To make revolution,” they answered.
“What kind of revolution?” they replied.
“The Cultural Revolution,” they chanted.
“And how do we make Cultural Revolution?” they demanded.
“By destroying the American family!” they answered.
“How do we destroy the family?” they came back.
“By destroying the American Patriarch,” they cried exuberantly.
“And how do we destroy the American Patriarch?” they replied.
“By taking away their power!”
“How do we do that?”
“By destroying monogamy!” they shouted.
“How can we destroy monogamy?”
Their answer left me dumbstruck, breathless, disbelieving my ears. Was I on planet earth? Who were these people? “By promoting promiscuity, eroticism, prostitution and homosexuality!” they resounded.
The Manosphere is a response to feminism - but not all of it. That's why it's such a mishmash. In some ways it's just as leftist as feminism, e.g., the promotion of the PUA and MGTOW lifestyles. Each of those destroys monogamy and patriarchy just as surely as feminism, which is leftist.
Ironic, isn't it?
There is an old saying, "As women go, so do men, and so does society.
Let's put it this way: women were the first to go Women Going Their Own Way, with the emphasis on career over marriage, and were the first to become their version of the PUA lifestyle with the promotion of promiscuity, and now, Slutwalks.
It's why I've pointed out, among other reasons, why there is nothing new in the Manosphere. Because in many ways it's just men following women - to each's destruction, and therefore, of course, society's.
That's what happens with the promotion of Hedonism - which, by the way, was thoroughly debunked by the Greeks thousands of years ago. Not to mention the Bible.
It's why I've pointed out that people like Roosh and Krauser and Roissy are frauds living lives that will lead to their destruction - the lies, the promiscuity, the whoring (and don't think they don't) - the hedonism that leads straight to boredom and ennui and hopelessness.
Which is the end result of being a leftist and not even knowing it.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The Yankees are not trying to win a championship in 2016.
Look, someone had to say it. And since it makes no sense from a business perspective, the Yankees were never going to say it out loud. But open your eyes – they are screaming it with their deeds.
The Yankees were a wild card in 2015 because they had one great strength that overcame so many of their defects: a four-man late-game unit of Andrew Miller, Dellin Betances, Justin Wilson and Adam Warren.
Over a few days at the Winter Meetings, they tried like heck to trade Miller, and did deal Wilson and Warren.
Maybe you can make the case Warren-for-Starlin Castro is neutral for 2016. Though I wouldn't. How the Yankees presently are constructed — with such fragility throughout their staff — I would take the sturdy/talented Warren and a second-base platoon of Dustin Ackley and Rob Refsnyder over Castro. Just for 2016.
But their mission statement was never made clearer than in their Wednesday trade of Justin Wilson. Understand what kind of asset Wilson is. If they were a free agent now, they would receive at least what Oakland gave Ryan Madson (three years at $22 million) and possibly what Baltimore gave Darren O'Day (four years at $31 million). Before you gasp, think about how much more consistent, younger and better Wilson is than fellow lefties Boone Logan (three years at $16.5 million, two years ago) and Tony Sipp (three years at $18 million from Houston on Thursday).
For that player, the Yankees obtained two pitchers from Detroit — Luis Cessa and Chad Green — whom they do not expect to play in the majors in 2016. Think about that. These are the Yankees. When did they last trade an asset who could help win now for future possibilities? Gary Sheffield after the 2006 season? That at least cleared salary, uncluttered a veteran-laden outfield/DH situation and removed a player the Yankees viewed as problematic.
Wilson is due approximately $1.5 million next year. The Yankees have talented lefty setup potential with Jacob Lindgren and James Pazos, in particular, but they are totally unproven. Wilson was no distraction.
There is a lot more offseason left, and Brian Cashman said they have tons to do, including restock the pen. And the Yankees will give themselves a chance to contend or more next year. But on truth serum, I think every Yankees official would say something like: We have a small chance to win a title in 2016 even if we added David Price, so the priority is to not do a complete teardown, but to have a shot at winning now while positioning for title-contending winning in the near future.
I think even the most win-now executives in the organization would say that. They would admit the Yankees were slow to understand the baseball world was changing and their long-held philosophy of throwing their wallet at problems and neglecting the farm system no longer could sustain a winner, regardless of where the payroll was taken.
They know now they were not very good in 2013-14, and rather than artificially boost win totals into the mid-80s, they should have traded Robinson Cano and David Robertson for five or so prospects, sink under the $189 million luxury tax payroll threshold and draft closer to the top of the first round.
They would be in such a better place today. But at least they learned from it, which is why they are seeing if there are trades for Miller and/or Brett Gardner that set them up better for the future with youngsters and more financial flexibility. They are not win-now moves. But the Yankees are not trying to win now in the blinders-to-the-future way they did in even their recent past.
Baseball's rules — which take so much revenue sharing/luxury tax money from them and limit their international and drafting dollars — debilitate even a behemoth. But what mainly incapacitated them is trying to live up to myths — namely that George Steinbrenner would never do this.
How soon we forget Steinbrenner threw tons of money at their problems from 1982 to 1994 and took the organization through a 13-year playoff-less morass that left them as the most hated sports figure in New York.
As for the charges the Yankees are being cheap — really? If they don't spend another nickel, they still are going to have the majors' second-largest payroll. Their problem was they signed four big free agents in one offseason, lavishing $458 million on Masahiro Tanaka, Jacoby Ellsbury, Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran after the 2013 season. They would have been better off signing one free agent per year for $100 million-plus, to convince oblivious onlookers they were more active and spending.
Fans have to get used to this: The old way of doing things is no longer effective. Too many long-term contracts in an age of better drug testing will leave even a team with huge resources reeling. You can't buy extra roster spots. You can only have 25, and too many old, declining players brings the kind of immobility that knocked the Phillies from a serial contender into the owner of the No. 1 pick in the draft next June.
Cashman slowly has been adding youth and athleticism and financial prudence. That is what their owner wants and what they believe is right. It is a big-picture strategy.
It means the Yankees are not trying to win now. Just thought you should know.
Between Tuesday night and Friday afternoon, the prediction of a scenario involving the results that actually played out Friday and Saturday would have drawn a yawn. Why would the College Football Playoff selection committee even bother showing up to its meeting room at the Gaylord Texan hotel given these scores? The committee wouldn't even have to touch the top four it released Tuesday (1. Alabama 2. Ohio State 3. Clemson 4. Washington). Everyone could vote as soon as the games ended Saturday night and catch an early flight home.
After Saturday night? It doesn't feel so certain at all. Perhaps we're scarred from 2014, when the committee ranked TCU No. 3 in its penultimate ranking and then dropped the Horned Frogs to No. 6 after they won by 52 points. Perhaps we couldn't completely trust the committee after that moment. It told us what we suspected when it was determined the committee would release multiple rankings. Everything before the first Sunday in December is for entertainment purposes only, and the rules that governed those early rankings may not apply the same way to the only ranking that matters.
Based on what committee chair Kirby Hocutt said Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday's deliberations should be easy at the top. No. 1 Alabama hammered Florida in the SEC title game and finished as the only undefeated team in the Power 5. Second-ranked Ohio State, which didn't qualify for the Big Ten title game and finished its season 11–1, didn't play Saturday. Third-ranked Clemson beat Virginia Tech 42–35 in the ACC title game. Fourth-ranked Washington crushed Colorado 41–10 Friday night to win the Pac-12 title. Since, according to Hocutt, there was a “razor thin” margin between Washington and No. 5 Michigan, which also didn't play, and a slightly wider margin between Michigan and Big Ten championship participants Wisconsin (No. 6) and Penn State (No. 7), that should be it, shouldn't it? The Final Four should be set, right?
But what if it isn't? What if Hocutt is telling the truth about the “clean sheet of paper” the committee allegedly uses every time it begins deliberating? Can it be swayed? We go now to the Saturday night stump speech of Penn State coach James Franklin. “What I know is we just won the toughest conference in college football,” Franklin told Fox after their Nittany Lions came back from 21 points down to beat Wisconsin 38–31. “It's on you now, committee.”
Indeed it is.
The key argument now is whether Ohio State should get in over a Penn State team that beat the Buckeyes and won the Big Ten title. The committee's previous rankings suggest that's what will happen.
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany's comments on ESPN's College GameDay made it seem the league office had abandoned its championship game participants in favor of WOOOOOOOOO, BUCKEYES AND WOLVERINES. When the playoff was formulated, Delany wanted only conference champions allowed into it. This, presumably, was to keep the SEC from overrunning the playoff. Delany should have had a little more confidence in their own league. At any rate, Delany has ditched that deeply held belief because he'd like a team from their league to win the national title, and Ohio State's résumé suggests the Buckeyes are that team. “I lost that election four years ago," Delany said Saturday morning on the GameDay set. “I argued for the four best conference champions. That was not the decision. We lost that election. That election was four years ago. We have to understand that elections happen, certain ideas are adopted and we're at a different place now. It's four best teams. And conference championships are there to help sort that cluster out, as well as head-to-head as well as strength of schedule.”
Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
But maybe Delany wasn't throwing the future champion Nittany Lions under the bus. In those comments, they said they thought Alabama and Ohio State had done enough to make the playoff. They never said anything about Washington or Clemson. And perhaps Delany is on to something with this line of thinking. What if this isn't an Ohio State-Penn State argument? If the committee is willing to allow the first non-conference champion into the bracket, why wouldn't it be willing to consider two teams from the same conference? What if this is really an Ohio State-Clemson-Washington-Michigan-Penn State argument with three spots available for those five teams? We keep assuming the committee must choose one of three Big Ten teams, but what if it decides to stiff the champion of another conference to accommodate the champion of the Big Ten? That, after all, is exactly what the committee did two years ago.
Choose three from these five resumes, which are offered in no particular order. For the wins against CFP committee top 10 teams, we'll use the most recently released rankings.
Team A
Record: 12–1
Strength of schedule: 40
Wins against FBS teams that won at least nine games: Four (two home, one road, one neutral)
Wins against CFP committee top 10 teams: Zero
Conference champion: Yes
Win streak: Three
Team B
Record: 10–2
Strength of schedule: 53
Wins against FBS teams that won at least nine games: Three (three home)
Wins against CFP committee top 10 teams: Three
Conference champion: No
Win streak: Zero
Team C
Record: 11–2
Strength of schedule: 50
Wins against FBS teams that won at least nine games: Three (two home, one neutral)
Wins against CFP committee top 10 teams: Two
Conference champion: Yes
Win streak: Nine
Team D
Record: 12–1
Strength of schedule: 54
Wins against FBS teams that won at least nine games: Two (one home, one neutral)
Wins against CFP committee top 10 teams: One
Conference champion: Yes
Win streak: Three
Team E
Record: 11–1
Strength of schedule: 26
Wins against FBS teams that won at least nine games: Five (three home, two road)
Wins against CFP committee top 10 teams: Three
Conference champion: No
Win streak: Five
So which three did you choose? Team A is Clemson. Team B is Michigan. Team C is Penn State. Team D is Washington. Team E is Ohio State.
Before looking at those résumés, I would have assumed the committee would simply stick with its previous top four. Now I'm not so sure. When I looked at those résumés blind, I considered Team E solidly in and had A, B, C and D fighting for the final two spots. That would put Ohio State in the playoff and could create an Alabama vs. the Big Ten bracket if Penn State and Michigan beat out Washington and Clemson.
The latter is unlikely, but in the blind analysis, Team A and Team D would make the weakest cases to someone who doesn't care about conference titles and slightly stronger cases to someone who cares about them deeply. Those teams are Clemson and Washington. Team C (Penn State) would impress the committee members who like big wins and who like conference champs. But could they get over those two losses when the other conference champs have one?
I don't know the answer. Neither do you. The only people who know are in that room in Grapevine, Texas, munching on room service cookies and splitting hairs. They'll reveal their results Sunday at 12:30 p.m. ET on ESPN. Until then, the rest of us will have to wait and wonder.
Turkish footballer walks off pitch in tears after fans' verbal abuse
TRABZON
Trabzonspor winger Volkan Şen walks off the pitch in tears after receiving verbal abuse from their own side's supporters. AA photo
Trabzonspor winger Volkan Şen walked off the pitch in tears tonight after receiving verbal abuse from supporters, in Turkish football's latest controversy.The 26-year-old forward left the pitch crying in the 42nd minute of their team's Spor Toto Super League game against Çaykur Rizespor, heading directly to the dressing room and refusing to return to the game.Trabzonspor coach Mustafa Akçay then introduced veteran Frenchman Florent Malouda as a replacement.Akçay has voiced support for the player, but controversial club chairperson İbrahim Hacıosmanoğlu has taken the opposite view.The coach said Şen's teammates applauded for 15 minutes as a supporting gesture for Volkan during the break. “This is a human job. We have a person with an emotional implosion here,” Akçay said after the game. “You could talk about discipline, but for me, respect for a human comes before discipline.”Hacıosmanoğlu, however, said there was no longer any place for Volkan at Trabzonspor.“It is impossible to condone fans swearing at a player, but I cannot accept a professional footballer leaving the pitch,” they said in a televised interview late tonight after the game. “You are not playing marbles in the street. There is no place for such behavior in our team.”The club released an official statement condemning the incident the following morning, but also criticized the player.“We condemn these people and have started legal procedures against those uncouth individuals who call themselves supporters,” the statement read. “However, [Volkan's] behavior does not reflect either a professional footballer's correct attitude or the values of Trabzonspor. Our board will decide on the issue later,” the statement said.Trabzonspor went on to win the game 2-1, including a goal contribution from Malouda.Volkan first made their big break as an explosive winger for Bursaspor some years ago, playing an integral role in the Crocs' first-ever Super League title in 2010. They were signed by Trabzonspor in the summer of 2011, but recently fell out of favor, having failed to find consistent form.
When bestselling author Jennifer Weiner was profiled by The New Yorker in January 2014 in an article called “Written Off,” writer Rebecca Mead made sure to outline Weiner's two audiences: one, the loyal readers of their books, who propel them onto the best-seller list, and number two, a pricklier sort, consisting of the “writers, editors, and critics… who have given Weiner a parallel notoriety, as an unlikely feminist enforcer.” The short version is that, through Twitter (and their following, which currently numbers about 93K), Weiner used their platform to needle such august institutions as The New York Times Book Review and everyplace else with mediocre VIDA counts regarding the amounts of space they give to reviewing and considering the three books that “matter” for the season written by male authors like Jonathan Franzen and Jeffrey Eugenides, while simultaneously ignoring the span of women's writing, and, additionally, commercial fiction.
Like any provocateur's performance, it was equal parts annoying — if you see book reviewing as advocacy for the little guy, a review of a Weiner novel is certainly not part of that performance — and righteous truth. It's sexist that book critics can ignore Weiner while making sure to cover the next book by a Stephen King (who bridges “commercial” and also gets literary cred all the time).
Ultimately, Weiner won: after Pamela Paul took the senior editor position at The New York Times Book Review, the publication has taken a turn towards the more inclusive, getting a broader range of reviewers to review a broader range of books. As one of (if not the) last freestanding dedicated books supplement in a major newspaper in a time of very limited book reviews and resources, The New York Times Book Review carries a heavy load of influence. It's important that the Review is relevant to the times and to what people are reading, so Weiner's desire for it to acknowledge genres that they write in makes complete sense.
However, sometimes it feels like there's a divide in the world of book criticism. That divide is embodied by the very fact that Weiner has to make the point to a small community of committed, ardent readers — Serious Book People, basically — that she's one of the most successful writers working today. It's a divide between those who have an interest exclusively in “literary” literature, and those who have an interest in books generally. The former is unfortunately becoming a niche — and not the most interesting one, either. To me, the situation is starting to echo one of the fights and divides that lights up music criticism today: poptimism versus rockism. (Interestingly enough, spell check wanted to correct “poptimism” to populism. Symbolic!)
The simple version of rockism is that there have been music critics who judge everything they hear from a Bob Dylan-is-god, canon of boring dudes perspective. Poptimism, at its best, argues for a more inclusive view of what matters and what's pleasurable in music, like the manner in which Jessie J's “Bang Bang” (featuring Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj) is impeccably structured. (To quote Kathleen Hanna: “I believe in the radical possibilities of pleasure, babe.”) People have been fighting about it for years — in 2004, Kelefah Sanneh, then at The New York Times, wrote: “rockism means idolizing the authentic old legend (or underground hero) while mocking the latest pop star; lionizing punk while barely tolerating disco; loving the live show and hating the music video; extolling the growling performer while hating the lip-syncher.”
Poptimism isn't perfect, but on the whole it's changed music criticism for the better, and its rise has addressed systemic problems in music criticism. Similar problems exist in the world of books, and they also need to be addressed.
First, there's the scope of what book criticism covers. Lots of people who are professionally writing about books are also snobs, and snobs to the point that they won't even consider what the specific alchemy and magic is that makes something like 50 Shades of Grey save the book industry for a year. Considering that the profits on that book are fueling our most obscure writers at Random Penguin at the moment, it is worthy of consideration as a phenomenon — as the lucky recipient of an ereader's secrecy firing up a generation of women who love erotica — even if it's not particularly well written.
If book review sections wanted to be relevant, they'd take a look as to why 50 Shades happened. The people buying 50 Shades of Grey are people buying books, even if the writing is, to quote William Giraldi: “the cartoonishly erotic suppurations of a hamstrung, not terribly bright adult trying to navigate a midlife crisis, and you get the feeling that the sentences arrived on the page as if by osmosis, unaided by even a sub-literate serf.” (Giraldi is a critic who has the stuff, but too often slides into misogynist cruelty — even if I admire their bitchy moxie.) Ignoring the biggest literary phenomenon of the decade is not good criticism.
Secondly, when I read book criticism — and the New York Times Book Review embodies this to a T — much of the time, I'm bored by what I read. Oftentimes, I'm not sure what's the thing behind the thing, what makes the book matter in the world, because there's no discussion of wider social context or cultural relevance. Instead, all you get is a rote summary of the book, couched in some cursory praise and prose that seems more interested in demonstrating the critic's own literary prowess than anything else.
Part of the reason for this is that the people doing the reviewing are the writers and people in the book industry who are working in a similar genre. Book criticism, unlike other genres, is notoriously insular, like a meeting of Harvard men making Harvard plans for world domination at the Harvard club in NYC. It's a snake eating its tail; it is empathically not the separation of church and state. In a situation unique to book criticism, there are too many vested interests for anything but lukewarm praise and a plot summary. (It is why a website like The Talkhouse, which offers “musicians on music” and “filmmakers on film” is clubby, insular, and boring.) And even if a review is critical, it's only in the context of a discussion of whether or not the quality of the writing is good. But that's not the only way to judge a book's merit — or, crucially, its importance.
I find when I meet people who consider “liking books” as an important part of their identity, they're not always acutely verbal as to the hows and whys of how a book can touch your life, heart, and brain. They're good, fluent writers, but not good critics. They can enthuse on something for 1000 words, but they can't get to the actual point: why the book matters, how it could change your life.
Naturally, these people are often professional book reviewers, and their requirements when they're freelancing at the occasional publication is to take what the editor assigns, and then to produce a piece that has some sort of thesis and is smart enough to impress people. (Unlike the few and proud paid professional critics at major publications, your Dwight Garners, etc., who have the luxury of taking you along their critical process, book by book.) The result is boring, because nobody's being pushed out of their boxes. When you meet people reading popular fiction, by contrast, you find that they're excited about their books. They've read them.
It's not an either/or, literary snobs versus being a populist philosopher, but I want a culture that's rooted in a literary canon to figure out how to be more generous when considering the scope of literature, the value that words have in people's lives. Some of this requires acknowledging that often-maligned, female-learning genre fiction exists, has way more readers that you can ever dream of, and should be considered regarding its storytelling merits and what it does. Even if it has words that exist strictly for the purpose of masturbation, it may end up having more value to the world than some obscure experimentalist's experiments in literary wanking.
There is something of value in books that give the reader pleasure, from romance and young adult fiction to other genres — I mean, we all love crime, right? — and there is something to be discovered in reading these books and talking about these books. People who need to self-identify as literary could stand to learn from the bulk of these works, regarding how to entertain and beguile the reader while changing their lives.
Immersion in “literary” culture, the cycle of writing criticism and having your work be the subject of other writers' criticsm, is often boring half the time, and far too often irrelevant. A vital literary culture needs to move beyond just getting off on its own erudition and figuring out the pleasures of a sharply written plot or searing dialogue. Some of that can be found beyond the borders of what's considered critically important. Let's become more omnivorous, voracious, generous readers, ready to move beyond our biases and prejudices, in order to read books that are more than just some dead white guy.
Press Release:
14th July 2016, London.
Brexiters and Bremainers also divided on rights to online privacy.
New research shows EU Referendum voters are also deeply divided along the same lines over “Nothing to hide, Nothing to fear” privacy argument.
Research by the Online Privacy Foundation shows that UK citizens who voted in favour of Leaving the EU were significantly more likely than their Remain-voting counterparts to agree with the statement “With regards to Internet privacy, if you've done nothing wrong, you've got nothing to fear.” In fact, if a voter strongly agreed with the statement, they were almost twice as likely to have voted Leave as someone who disagreed with the statement.
The findings suggest that Brexit supporters are far more likely than Remain supporters to support the Investigatory Powers Bill proposed by the UK Government and dubbed the ‘Snoopers Charter'. The Bill is part of the policy agenda of the new UK Prime Minister, Theresa May . It would give the Government bulk powers to record and collect citizens' online history. The Bill also permits UK law enforcement agencies to remotely monitor and hack computers and smartphones for national security matters.
The Online Privacy Foundation study also found that:
• Leave voters scored higher on the scale of Right Wing Authoritarianism¹, a trait found to be associated with the acceptance of reductions in civil liberties in order to combat real or perceived threats such as terrorism. The higher someone scores on the Right Wing Authoritarian scale, the more likely they were to agree with the “nothing to hide, nothing to fear” argument.
• Remain voters tended to disagree with the statement across all age groups, while Leave voters' tendency to agree with the statement increased as they got older.
Chris Sumner, researcher and co-founder of the Online Privacy Foundation comments:
“It unsurprising that there's a link between attitudes to Privacy and Right Wing Authoritarianism (RWA). Previous studies have found that people who score high on the RWA scale tend to be more hostile towards anyone or anything which they perceive as a threat to group or societal integrity.”
“Younger people are far less likely to agree with the statement, but arguably have the most to lose. It would appear that the battle lines on this debate, just like the EU Referendum, pitch roughly the same discernible segments of society against another.”
“The ‘Nothing to Fear' argument is a gross over-simplification as it presupposes that you know what information is being captured and how it's being interpreted. Our previous research in determining personality traits from social media use highlight the problem of false positives; what you do on the internet can be easily misinterpreted and used against you.”
The findings are from a series of Facebook studies conducted by ‘The Online Privacy Foundation' which examined the psychological biases, personality traits and attitudes of 11,517 voters in the UK's Referendum on EU membership.
[ENDS]
¹ It should be noted that right-wing authoritarianism “does not necessarily refer to someone's politics, but to psychological preferences and personality. It means that the person tends to follow the established conventions and authorities in society” (Source). See ‘Method', below, for further context.
In the 1970s, W. Glenn Campbell had a brilliant idea for reviving the backwater California think tank they ran: They would hire pre-eminent scholars who were being let go from their universities because they had reached the age of mandatory retirement. So in the 1970s, Campbell lured philosopher Sidney Hook, physicist Edward Teller, and Nobel Laureate economist Milton Friedman to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University. “That was the key, the breakthrough,” says Melvyn Krauss, a Hoover senior fellow emeritus. Prior to their arrival, Krauss says, Hoover couldn't attract well-known scholars in their prime. But with these big names at Hoover, other luminaries, and lots of donor money, followed.
Mandatory retirement was an idea that took hold of the workplace in the early 20th century. By the 1970s, about half of American workers had a non-negotiable deadline for leaving, usually at age 65. For some, the departure may have been welcome; for others, it felt like being prematurely put out to pasture. (Friedman was active at Hoover for nearly 30 years, until their death at age 94.)
Then, as civil rights law expanded beyond race to encompass age, disability, and gender 25 years ago, mandatory retirement was struck down by Congress. In 1986, as part of a series of congressional actions to address age discrimination, it became illegal in almost all cases to force people out of jobs at any age. Joseph Quinn, a professor of economics at Boston College, wrote in a research paper that this move “sent an important message to society that the appropriate age to retire was not necessarily 65.”
The elimination of mandatory retirement became a turning point in the way Americans retire. It helped reverse a 100-year trend of people departing from the workforce in ever greater numbers and at an ever-earlier age. Because of increasing longevity, establishment of generous pension plans, and mandatory removal from the workplace, retirement had become something unprecedented: a third stage of life, potentially as long as childhood and one's working years. Then, in the 1980s, the foundation of this third stage began to crumble.
Until the end of the 19th century, retirement planning was pretty simple for most Americans: You worked until you died. Sometimes, people became too old or incapacitated to continue on the farm or in the factory, and the lucky ones were cared for by family. In the 1880s, about 75 percent of men 65 and older were still in the labor force, writes Dora L. Costa, professor of economics at UCLA, in The Evolution of Retirement. But from that point on, until the 1980s, older men's participation in the workforce began steadily falling. By 1900, it had dropped to 65 percent. (Historical figures only reflect men's employment because of women's far lower participation in the labor force.)
There were several causes for this decline. One was the appearance of pensions for Union Civil War veterans. In Working Longer, Alicia H. Munnell and Steven A. Sass of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College write that many veterans left the workforce when they received a guaranteed stream of pension income. Pensions also became a more regular fixture as Americans shifted from self-employment, largely in agriculture, to working for companies.
In 1900, the Pennsylvania Railroad came up with an innovation: mandatory retirement. The company offered pensions to all its workers, but to collect they would have to retire at age 70. In a World Bank paper, economist Samuel H. Williamson writes that imposing a universal age of departure relieved companies of the unpleasantness of having to evaluate the fitness of their older workers individually and solved the growing problem of a glut of elderly, incapacitated employees.
The arrival of Social Security—the first retirement checks for workers who had reached age 65 were delivered in 1940—helped make leaving the workplace an even more reasonable proposition. In 1948, a Bureau of Labor Statistics study finds, just under 50 percent of men 65 and older were still in the workforce. By 1968, it was just under 30 percent, and by 1988 just under 20 percent. A chart from Quinn's paper shows that had this linear trend continued, only about 10 percent of men ages 65 to 69 would still have been working by the end of the 20th century. But in the 1980s, that all stopped. “A century-old trend has come to a halt, and reversed,” writes Quinn. “The era of earlier and earlier retirement is over and is not coming back.”
Last year, the employment rate of men 65 and older had ticked back up to 22 percent. The employment of older women, although their absolute numbers are far smaller, has also shown a dramatic rise. From 1977 to 2007 the number of women age 65 and older in the workforce increased almost 150 percent. That's not all. In the same period, the percentage of people of both sexes age 75 and up who are still working has increased more than 170 percent.
“There's a whole new world out there,” says economist Quinn. “The incentives are different, and people are behaving differently.” For one thing, people are no longer given a gold watch and pushed out the door. For another, reforms in Social Security have created a financial incentive to work longer. For a third, the world of “defined benefit” pensions is being replaced by “defined contribution” pensions. In the former, workers are guaranteed a monthly check for as long as they live. In the latter, workers accumulate a pot of money, as in an IRA, and whatever's in the pot better be enough to last.
Given these financial changes, the elimination of mandatory retirement has allowed people to work as long as they need to for as long as they feel able. The argument of Working Longer is that many Americans should shift their planned retirement from their early to late ‘60s, which will dramatically increase the financial security of their nonworking years. And Quinn writes that given the demographic bulge of older Americans, keeping them in the workforce will ease the burden on entitlement programs.
But social scientists love to find perverse incentives and unintended consequences, and in this case, some say protecting older workers' ability to stay on the job has also made employers more reluctant to hire them.
“Basically, it's a mess,” says Sass of the world of retirement today. They say employers liked mandatory retirement because it allowed for an orderly and predictable departure from the payroll. But that certainty is gone at a time that, more than ever, older workers need to find new jobs. In the 1980s, Sass says, about 75 percent of 50-year old workers would be at the same company 10 years later. Today, only half of 60 year-olds are working at the same place that employed them at age 50. In Working Longer, they and Munnell float what they call the “somewhat scandalous” suggestion that the prohibition on mandatory retirement be repealed—allowing companies to impose it, they suggest, at the “politically feasible” age of 70. “Unless employers have an assurance they have a way to get rid of older employees, they won't hire older workers,” they say.
Being stuck with people who just won't accept it's time to go is particularly acute in academia. A 2006 article in the Boston Globe found that more than 9 percent of tenured professors on Harvard's faculty of arts and sciences were 70 or older, compared with none in 1992. (The abolition of mandatory retirement laws started applying to colleges and universities only in 1994.) The article notes that Columbia University offered generous financial incentives to get older faculty to leave, yet it had a higher percentage of tenured faculty over age 70 than Harvard. Former Harvard President Lawrence Summers said, “The aging of the faculty, caused in large part by the absence of mandatory retirement, is one of the profound problems facing the American research university.”
The United States was one of the first countries to abolish mandatory retirement, this British government report finds, and it was eventually followed by Australia and New Zealand. This year, the United Kingdom will eliminate mandatory retirement. Other countries with aging populations and decreasing numbers of workers are grappling with their mandatory retirement laws. In Japan, the mandatory retirement age has gradually increased; it started at 55 in 1994 and will become 65 in 2013. In France, the mandatory retirement age private employers can impose increased to 65 from 60 in 2003.
Joanna Lahey, an assistant professor at the Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A & M University, says that in Europe—and elsewhere—there's a widespread, but mistaken, belief that if an old person keeps working a young person will be prevented from finding a job. “It's not true,” they say. “More people working means greater productivity, which expands the economy. When women entered the labor force, they didn't actually take men's jobs away. There isn't a fixed number of jobs.” (Lahey says even at universities it's more complicated than an old professor blocking a young one. For instance, they say, increasingly when one professor retires that slot is filled by two, or more, nontenured adjuncts.)
In the United States, there remain a few exemptions to the anti-mandatory retirement laws. Public safety is the biggest one: Pilots are stripped of their epaulets at age 65, and air-traffic controllers stop telling them when to land at age 56 (although there are some exemptions for them). In addition, the law lets companies remove highly paid, high-responsibility employees at age 65. Lahey says this is a rarely used mechanism that allows firms to gracefully retire over-the-hill executives in danger of destroying the place.
Ironically, this was used against the Hoover Institution's Campbell, who in time went from being a young director to an old director. Over the years, they had an increasingly combative relationship with the administrators of Stanford University. The university had had enough and told them they were retiring when they turned 65. Campbell threatened an age discrimination suit, but the Board of Trustees cited the exemption. The man who made their reputation by hiring forcibly retired scholars was themselves forcibly retired.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
eye Title Creator
Sermon Index Item: SID25436
Sermon Index Item: SID25390
Sermon Index Item: SID25695
Sermon Index Item: SID25607
Sermon Index Item: SID26177
Sermon Index Item: SID26097
Sermon Index Item: SID26023
Sermon Index Item: SID25772
Sermon Index Item: SID25517
Episode #42 Welcome to another episode of Citizen Radio and to the old days of being hosted on BreakThru Radio! Here, for your listening, viewing, whatevering pleasure, is episode #42! Today on the show from the Edinborough Fringe Festival ... Wanna be a liberal? Stop buying Republican! J&A discuss American Terrorists, the Super Rich not being as super rich but still being super rich and Blackwater! Finally music from both Gavin Osborn ( http://www.myspace.com/gavinosborn ) and the...
TRANNYSHACK: NEW YEAR'S EVE Featuring performances by: Heklina Suppositori Spelling Holy McGrail Honey Mahogany The House of Glitter Rotissary Ethnicity Jackson Houston-Ross Lindsay Slowhands Fade-Dra (LA) Gina Cide Skid Marks and more! With DJ: MC2 Lounge: Big Top Joshua J John LePage Joey Links Visuals by: Vis-à-Vis. Show starts at 11pm! Champagne toast at midnight! Trannyshack, San Francisco's infamous drag performance night club, incorporates everything from low brow trash to high brow...
Episode #693: Allison and Jamie discuss their John Locke sighting, the presidential inauguration (or coronation), the erased history of Martin Luther King, Jr., discuss bigoted Zero Dark 30 tweets, the crazy story of a CVS manager who strangled a homeless man for stealing tooth paste , and read some amazing Listener Mail, including from a Maniac who served in the army who witnessed a rape and was inspired by CR to report it to the Inspector General.
DNA Lounge presents POINT BREAK LIVE: EARLY SHOW NOTE: Only one show this month! Early show only, no late show! Tickets and Seating Information: Ultimate Rush Seating is the first three rows of chairs, and includes a t-shirt, a poncho, and a meatball sandwich! You will get wet! Floor/Balcony Seating are the other rows of chairs, or the stools along the upstairs railing. You still might get wet but maybe not as wet! Bench Seating is a cozy bench along the wall, with cocktail tables. Table...
Title 01 Don Trip - I Promise 02 J2 Feat. Young Dolph & Starlito - Money Talks 03 Young Buck Feat. Dj Paul - I'ont Know 04 Young Buck - Front Seat 05 T Rizer Feat. Sunshyne & B Rakz - Real Shit I Deal With 06 Young Dolph - Birthday Song 07 Project Pat - Sackful 08 Don Trip - Break 09 Yo Gotti Feat. Yung Mazi - 800 10 Malaki - Flamin Hot 11 Zed Zilla Feat. Don Trip - Secret 12 Gangsta Boo Feat. 8 Ball & Maino - Pillow Talkin 13 Jelly Roll - Real No Mo 14 Young Buck Feat. Rukus 100 -...
*** ALL Wit-E Beats mixtapes are FREE & FOR PROMOTIONAL USE ONLY *** myspace.com/witebeats myspace.com/streetbangersmixtapes
Hip Hop Mixtapes 53 53 Zilla - Zilla Shit 2-2012 audio eye 53 favorite 0 comment 0
Title 01. Intro 02. Monumental Ft St 2 Lettaz (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 03. Why You So Sensitive (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 04. Sun Ra Interlude 05. Consistency Ft Laron (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 06. Drank In My Cup (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 07. Fuck U Mean Ft Grilly, J.I.G. (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 08. P.S.A. (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 09. Flashing Lights Ft Dj Cunta, Monster (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 10. On Our Own Ft Chris Lee (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 11. My Thoughts (Prod. By Block Beattaz) 12....
Title 01 Introlude 02 Camelot Feat. Tony Williams 03 Hurry Up & Weight Feat. Kardinal Offishall 04 Low 05 Ivory Coast Crime Scene Feat. Action Bronson 06 Love Is Love Feat. Melanie Fiona 07 Done Done It 08 Paraphernalia (Get Away From The Radio) Feat. Iffy The Badman 09 Never Let Go 10 Colorless 11 God Is Good Feat. Goapele
Title 01 Sy Ari Da Kid - Intro 02 Sy Ari Da Kid - The Definition Of Definition [Prod. By Rell On Da Beat] 03 Sy Ari Da Kid - Real Niggas What Up [Prod. By Timboski] 04 Sy Ari Da Kid - If I Was A Trapper [Prod. By Jokaa On The Beat] 05 Sy Ari Da Kid - The Runnin' Man [Prod. By Tre Dae Of 808 Mafia] 06 Sy Ari Da Kid - This Ain't Hip Hop [Prod. By Tyler L Beats] 07 Sy Ari Da Kid - Bad Boys For Life Part 4 (Who Would've Thought Remix) (Feat. Slim Dunkin) [Prod. By Sy Ari Da Kid & Scotty B] 08...
Title 01 Chase N. Cashe - Inner Me 02 Chase N. Cashe - Go Hard Or Go Home 03 Chase N. Cashe - I Don't Want Nothing 04 Chase N. Cashe - Tell Me What You Know 05 Chase N. Cashe Feat. Hit-Boy - Can They Do It 06 Chase N. Cashe - One Life To Live 07 Chase N. Cashe - Eyes On U 08 Chase N. Cashe - Put It In A Song 09 Chase N. Cashe - Closer 10 Chase N. Cashe - S.O.E. 11 Chase N. Cashe Feat. Ty$l - All The Time 12 Chase N. Cashe Feat. Kent M$ney - Feelings 13 Chase N. Cashe - Paper 14 Chase N. Cashe -...
Sermon Index Item: SID25180
Sermon Index Item: SID25262
Sermon Index Item: SID25242
Sermon Index Item: SID25253
Sermon Index Item: SID25304
Sermon Index Item: SID25317
Sermon Index Item: SID25270
Sermon Index Item: SID25350
Sermon Index Item: SID25373
Sermon Index Item: SID25415
Sermon Index Item: SID25378
Sermon Index Item: SID25469
Sermon Index Item: SID25453
Sermon Index Item: SID25471
Sermon Index Item: SID25435
Sermon Index Item: SID25492
Sermon Index Item: SID25480
Sermon Index Item: SID25564
Sermon Index Item: SID25567
Sermon Index Item: SID25608
Sermon Index Item: SID25646
Sermon Index Item: SID25659
Sermon Index Item: SID25674
Sermon Index Item: SID25710
Sermon Index Item: SID25713
Sermon Index Item: SID25694
Sermon Index Item: SID25774
Sermon Index Item: SID25745
Sermon Index Item: SID25844
Sermon Index Item: SID25877
Sermon Index Item: SID25854
Sermon Index Item: SID25791
Sermon Index Item: SID25932
Sermon Index Item: SID25925
Sermon Index Item: SID25963
Sermon Index Item: SID25991
Sermon Index Item: SID26021
Sermon Index Item: SID26084
Sermon Index Item: SID26087
Sermon Index Item: SID26070
Sermon Index Item: SID26056
Sermon Index Item: SID26046
Sermon Index Item: SID26094
Sermon Index Item: SID26182
Episode #1517: New dirty hobos will receive a combo pack of stickers (10 stickers!) NYC! Don't miss Jamie's return to stand-up Sep 15 at Union Hall! https://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/1299023 Ryan Lochte's sister is a raging racist douchebag , Corey Lewandowski says Donald Trump avoids speaking to black voters because he's not safe in their communities , France's ridiculous (and dangerous) ban on the burkini , Andrea Tantaros of Fox News claims retaliation for sexual...
Sermon Index Item: SID25386
Sermon Index Item: SID26093
Podcast Core Sample: Fausto Fun
Phish 1995 10 31 4 4
01 Track 1-MF 02 Track 2-MF 03 Track 3-MF 04 Track 4-MF 05 Track 5-MF 06 Track 6-MF 07 Track 7-MF 08 Track 8-MF 09 Track 9-MF 10 Track 10-MF 11 Track 11-MF 12 Track 12-MF 13 Track 13-MF 14 Track 14-MF 15 Track 15-MF 16 Track 16-MF 17 Track 17-MF 18 Track 18-MF 19 Track 19-MF 20 Track 20-MF 21 Track 21-MF 22 Track 22-MF 23 Track 23-MF 24 Track 24-MF 25 Track 25-MF 26 Track 26-MF 27 Track 27-MF 28 Track 28-MF 29 Track 29-MF 30 Track 30-MF 31 Track 31-MF 32 Track 32-MF 33 Track 33-MF 34 Track 34-MF
Patchwork MC 44 Modern Way (1979)
Hip Hop Mixtapes 145 145 Tuki Carter - TUKI Tape-2014 audio eye 145 favorite 0 comment 0
Title 01 - Shady (Intro) (Prod By Rah Groove) 02 - Good Ft Wiz Khalifa (Prod By Mark Parker 03 - On One (Prod By Young Heat) 04 - They Said Ft Wiz Khalifa (Prod By Sledgren) 05 - Work For It (Prod By Rmb Justize) 06 - Five Years (Prod By Robby Anthem) 07 - So High Ft Key (Prod By Rmb Justize) 08 - Chirp (Prod By Forte Bowie) 09 - Yeah (Prod By Rah Groove) 10 - Hey You Ft Marian Mereba (Prod By Rmb Justize) 11 - Weed Wax & Ft Smoke Dza (Prod By Cubs) 12 - Last Night Ft Berner (Prod By Young...
Episode #1100: Katey Healy-Wurzburg (@khealywu) joins the show! John Crawford supporters occupy police station , SCOTUS dodges same-sex marriage , allowing weddings in five more states, and why it's important to remember SSM is just a small part of the fight for equality, Walmart ends health insurance for thousands of workers, Georgia c ounty officials refuse to pay medical bills for toddler burned by SWAT grenade, 7th Heaven's Stephen Collins admits to sexually abusing underage girls ,...
Steve Kimock Band Master 2000 12 27 disc 2
Hip Hop Mixtapes 51 51 VA-DJ Whiteowl-Unfriendly Competition 2-Bootleg-2007-UKP audio eye 51 favorite 2 comment 0
HATERS DELETE THIS For you sites deleting UKP tags and replacing them with your own...fuckin pathetic!
Wilco 1999 07 09 disc 1
01 Track 1 02 Track 2 03 Track 3 04 Track 4 05 Track 5 06 Track 6 07 Track 7 08 Track 8 09 Track 9 10 Track 10 11 Track 11 12 Track 12 13 Track 13 14 Track 14 15 Track 15 16 Track 16 17 Track 17 18 Track 18 19 Track 19 20 Track 20 21 Track 21 22 Track 22 23 Track 23 24 Track 24 25 Track 25 26 Track 26 27 Track 27 28 Track 28 29 Track 29 30 Track 30 31 Track 31 32 Track 32 33 Track 33 34 Track 34 35 Track 35 36 Track 36 37 Track 37 38 Track 38 39 Track 39 40 Track 40 41 Track 41 42 Track 42 43...
Floppy Disks of Software 18 18 America Online 00000926 audio eye 18 favorite 0 comment 0
America Online 00000926
Title 01 A.C. Green 02 The Worth (Feat. Mike Golden) 03 Sofa King Cole 04 Living (Feat. Naledge & Phil Ade) 05 So Gone 06 They Dont Understand Why 07 As Far As They Let Me 08 Too Far 09 Whats The Hurry (Interlude) 10 Whats The Hurry (Feat. Imogen Heap) 11 Otherside (Feat. Rich Hil) 12 Time (Feat. Mr. Hudson)
Title 01 - Your Life Remix (Feat Rick Ross Casey Veggies)(Produced By Zalezy) 02 - All I Want (Produced By Hit Boy) 03 - Potential (Produced By Chris Batson) 04 - Addicted (Produced By Papi Beatz)
Title 01 Smoke Ft. Miloh Smith 02 Gang (Retro Su$h!) 03 Faces It (Curtis Williams) 04 Stunt Raps (Reese Ft. Fatkidsbrotha) 05 Magic (Fatkidsbrotha Ft. Miloh Smith) 06 Get The Money (Key!) 07 D4L (Retro Su$h!)
Title 01 - Jadakisstrae The Truthtygaguddajcolebookendrick Lamarbun B Big Krit & Mark Morrison - Im 02 - Meek Mill Torchgunplaystalleywale & New Breed - Slow Down (Hot ) 03 - French Montana - Freestyle 04 - French Montana Ft Coke Boyz & Cosmic Kev - Freestyle Pt 1 05 - French Montana Ft Coke Boyz & Cosmic Kev - Freestyle Pt 2 06 - Jadakiss Ft Gucci Mane 07 - Cassidy - I Do It Big 08 - Beanie Sigel - Stand Up 09 - Lil Wayne - Call Me 10 - Juelz Santana Chubbie & Gucci Mane -...
Title 01 Erk Tha Jerk - Thirds Eye View (Intro) (Prod. By The Invasion) 02 Erk Tha Jerk - Riding High (Prod. By Erk Tha Jerk) 03 Erk Tha Jerk - Hands On It (Prod. By Traxamillion) 04 Erk Tha Jerk - Protocol (Feat. D.Bledsoe) (Prod. By Matcy P) 05 Erk Tha Jerk - Always (Prod. By Champagne Clique) 06 Erk Tha Jerk - Glow In The Dark (Prod. By Erk Tha Jerk) 07 Erk Tha Jerk - Sunday Morning (Prod. By Erk Tha Jerk) 08 Erk Tha Jerk - Fuck Hard (Prod. By Matcy P) 09 Erk Tha Jerk - Shake It Like A Dog...
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Title: Philly Chase - #unPOPular (Presented by DJ Noize) Release: 2014-01-01 PHILLY CHASE: www.PhillyChase.com twitter.com/iamphillychase instagram.com/phillychase facebook.com/phillychase soundcloud.com/iamphillychase DJ NOIZE: www.djnoize.com twitter.com/djnoize facebook.com/djnoizeonline -------------------------------------------------------------------- TRACKLIST:...
Sermon Index Item: SID25512
Sermon Index Item: SID25919
Episode #1284: Jenny Jaffe (@jennyjaffe, @projecturok) joins Sally Tamarkin (@sallyt) and Katharine Heller (@spkheller) for #LadyPowerHour! Mental health and comic books, Glamour ‘s 13 Little Things That Can Make a Man Fall Hard For You reads like advice for how to be your boyfriend's sexy mom, it's possible to discuss police brutality without saying Sandra Bland “ didn't look like someone who would kill themselves ,” at least five black women have been found dead in jail since...
Episode #1396: Marvin the Martian's Bulls dynasty legacy, billionaire's superyacht destroys coral reef , Indiana agrees to end most solitary confinement for seriously mentally ill inmates, Ammon Bundy tells everyone still at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge to go home, activists file federal lawsuit seeking the replacement of all lead pipes in Flint, David Cameron rejects calls to take 3,000 orphaned child refugees from Europe, and a Philadelphia Councilman wants to make performing bands and...
Sermon Index Item: SID25651
Sermon Index Item: SID26124
Episode #1314: Jamie missed September 11th, Jeremy Corbyn wins Labour leadership race in stunning victory (and Maniac Mail about pushing candidates to the left) and Sadiq Khan wins Labour London mayoral election, Seattle teachers are on strike for the first time in 30 years , and New York Governor Cuomo backs a $15-an-hour minimum wage
Sermon Index Item: SID25786
DNA Lounge presents COCKTAIL ROBOTICS GRAND CHALLENGE Robot Happy Hour begins at 5pm. Contest judging is at 8pm. Partying to continue into the night! Our Contestants so far: Beerbot: It follows... The Dude Imbibes: So that's what you call me, y'know? Kamikaze Blaster: Stand back! N. E. BREE-8: Three Laws Compliant! PenguinGuyCool92: A giant mechanical worm that squirts alcohol! Steve the Bartending Robot The Tea Engine: Dial in your tea service! TikiTron: Prepare your sacrifice! Whiskeyball:...
Topic: DNA Lounge: Cocktail Robotics Grand Challenge (2018-07-15)
A capture of the livestream of the Tommy and Rumble morning show on FM99 on 08-18-2004. Capture done at 24kbps 11khz and saved to mp3.
A capture of the livestream of the Tommy and Rumble morning show on FM99 on 09-01-2004. Capture done at 24kbps 11khz and saved to mp3.
A capture of the livestream of the Tommy and Rumble morning show on FM99 on 08-11-2004. Capture done at 24kbps 11khz and saved to mp3.
Have you ever wondered what the difference between wool sweater and cashmere sweater? Why is cashmere coat more expensive? Material of cashmere and wool, what the difference is? Just look at a group of comics below!
Now you get the point, cashmere and wool come from different kinds of animals, wool from sheep, and cashmere from goats. Wool-gathering is like a haircut, shaved with scissors all over the body, each sheep can produce a few kilograms of wool per year; while cashmere collection is to use a special iron comb to get the hair down with a little bit, every sheep annually harvests only a few dozen grams.
Using a microscope can clearly see their differences: cashmere material is 14 to 16 microns in diameter, much finer than wool; cashmere is 1.5 to 2 times warmer than wool, and it feels smoother, and if cashmere sweater has some folds, make it hang for a night then it will be flat and neat again.
In addition, the wool is mainly from the southern hemisphere, such as Australia, while cashmere mainly from the northern hemisphere, China's cashmere production accounts for 50% to 60% of the world's output. Many high-end Italian cashmere yarn spinners source raw materials from Inner Mongolia, China. Cashmere can only be collected once during the early spring, and only occupy 0.2% of world production of animal fiber.
No wonder cashmere is so rare and so expensive.
Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images
Quick! Time's running out to jump on the Matt LaPorta bandwagon. It was pretty empty here for a while, but a trickle of people are finally starting to find their way aboard.
Matt LaPorta has played in all but one game of the Cleveland Indians' torrid 11-4 start, and yet they can't seem to get the monkey off their back. As recently as last week, one of the Tribe Talk questions was basically, should we pull the plug on Matt LaPorta at first base?
The vibe in Cleveland has been essentially "thank goodness we got Michael Brantley in the CC Sabathia trade because Matt LaPorta is a bust."
Luckily for the Tribe, that's just not true. Let's do a quick stat check between LaPorta before this year and LaPorta this year to help prove this point:
2009-2010: .232 BA, .307 OBP, .388 SLG, .694 OPS, 91 OPS+, 119 SO, 58 BB, 2.05 SO:BB, 19 HR, 62 RBI, 623 PA
2011: .239 BA, .345 OBP, .457 SLG, .802 OPS, 134 OPS+, 10 SO, 7 BB, 1.43 SO:BB, 2 HR, 8 RBI, 55 PA
Sure, the batting average is still low, but everything else is much better. He's getting on base, slugging well, and drawing walks; what else do you want?
If we project out LaPorta's numbers to the 623 plate appearances they had before 2011, their line looks like this:
Projected 2011: .239 BA, .345 OBP, .457 SLG, 134 OPS+, 113 SO, 79 BB, 1.43 SO:BB, 23 HR, 91 RBI, 623 PA
More home runs and many more RBI and walks; sounds like an improvement to me.
That stat line may not make them the elite first baseman we were hoping to get for CC Sabathia, but it's a start. Plus, this line doesn't even account for the biggest drag on LaPorta's numbers to date.
Like it or not, Batting Average on Balls in Play (BABIP) exists. It just does. When it's below .300, a player's been unlucky. Anyone who has played baseball knows the feeling of being robbed on a hard hit ball and getting on base after a soft liner fell between the infielder and the outfielder; why can't most people believe that this luck factor can be measured?
(I'd be remiss not to mention that Lewie Pollis beat me to the punch in posting these ideas in Tribe Talk last week. Their work on it definitely merits a read).
Sabermetrics plea aside, Matt LaPorta has been feeling the frustration of being robbed for the entirety of their big league career.
There's no logical reason that LaPorta's minor league BABIP of .309 would permanently drop to .260 in the majors. He's simply been unlucky. Check out how their stats jump when adjusted to a .300 BABIP:
2011 (with a .300 BABIP): .272 BA, .373 OBP, .519 SLG, .892 OPS
2009-2010 (with a .300 BABIP): .262 BA, .334 OBP, .439 SLG, .772 OPS
I know I've overloaded you with stats, but I can sum up everything in one sentence:
Matt LaPorta has not been playing that bad!
If they had a .272/.373/.519 line this year, no one would be upset. If they had a .262/.334/.439 line prior to this year, no one would be calling for their head 15 games into the season.
I don't hear anyone calling for Shin-Soo Choo's head (.214 BA, .286 OBP, .339 SLG, .625 OPS, 83 OPS+). All I hear are calls for patience and that he'll turn it around.
Same goes for Carlos Santana (.196 BA, .276 OBP, .314 SLG, .590 OPS, 73 OPS+). Everyone's fine with their struggles because he'll turn it around.
If the Indians are 11-4 and scoring runs (5.3 runs per game) without their two best hitters, someone must be picking up the slack. Matt LaPorta's one of those people.
One final sabermetric stat before I wrap up. Matt LaPorta's Runs Created per Game (RC/G) right now is 6.0.
Simply put, a lineup of Matt LaPorta's in 2011 would score six runs a game. Since that's more than the already good 5.3 runs the Indians are scoring today, Matt LaPorta is doing just fine this year.
To wrap things up, let me channel my inner Chris Crocker to all of the LaPorta haters out there and say: Leave Matt LaPorta alone!
Confer Phalke Award To Gajendra Chauhan And Solve The FTII Crisis Immediately
By Ajithkumar B.
05 August, 2015
Countercurrents.org
Petition Capaign: Sign the petition HERE
A few students, misled by left-wing pseudo secularists, anti-nationals, Maoists, Jihadis and ISI agents in the campus are agitating against the appointment of thespian Gajendra Chauhan as Chairman of a Film institute in Pune run by the central government. These students allege that Sri. Chauhan is not eminent enough to head this Film institute. Certain leftist filmmakers and some actors of dubious nationalist credentials like Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor etc. have come to support the students supporting the argument that Mr. Chauhan lacks eminence. Who are they to judge the eminence of a person whom the Govt. of India, commanding a two thirds majority in Parliament has selected? Isn't the fact that they were appointed sufficient evidence of their eminence? But the anti-nationals say that they haven't earned any recognition, unlike their predecessors who got many awards at International communist film festivals and also "national" awards conferred by the erstwhile pro-left governments. The reasons are obvious.
There was a systematic conspiracy for the last 60 years which denied the real filmmakers any recognition. Only those who portrayed the aspects of poverty in India were promoted. These leftist filmmakers never ever made a single film about the glorious past of India. They were too preoccupied with the present. True patriots who upheld Indian culture and tradition were not even allowed to make films by the congress governments and their leftist stooges masquerading as intellectuals. That is why there is a dearth of "eminent" filmmakers among those who support the cause of our people and our country. This is true about all fields, be it culture, science or mathematics. The true scientists knew that there was nothing left to be discovered now, because every truth about the world had been discovered in the Vedic times, every possible invention already done by our sages.
The left-wing anarchists at FTII leading the strike are either fools not to realise this self-evident truth or their ideology has blinded them to this truth. Even some of the true nationalist film actors like Mr. Anupam Kher have been misguided by their constant repetition of the childish argument that Chauhan lacks eminence.
In this context, we need a Cultural Revolution (we like good things about even Mao Zedong) to redress the wrongs of history. We need to expose the pretensions of the leftist intellectuals who monopolised cultural institutions, who took all the awards and all the toffees. The people should know how they tried to poison the Indian mind with stupid notions like secularism, socialism, democracy, human rights etc., and how they failed due to the eternal vigilance of Indians and the leadership of our great Prime Minister. We have to recognise the true patriots, the great sons of Mother India who were ignored and insulted for six long decades. The burning flame of Hindutva has to be held high.
In this context, we request the Information and Broadcasting Ministry and the Government of India to confer the highest national honour in cinema - The Dadasaheb Phalke award for outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Indian cinema - to Sri. Gajendra Chauhan, one of the numerous geniuses who were denied opportunity and recognition.
This will compel the FTII students to withdraw the strike immediately and go back to classes. That is called shock and awe tactics. The FTII deadlock will be over, as Mr. Chauhan will become eminent overnight, and the students will be happy; if they are not, they can go and join FTIP in Pakistan. If anyone has any doubt about Gajendra Chauhan's achievements, let us point out that with the simple act of their appointment, even before taking charge, their name has sent the entire nation to heights of frenzy and ecstasy, like no other name has been able to do in this epoch of Kaliyuga. This is an unparalleled achievement of a lifetime, any child would understand that.
If this year's Dadasaheb Phalke award has been already given, the government can issue an ordinance (if the parliament is not functioning due to the Maoists disguised as parliamentarians) to the effect that in emergency situations two or three or any number of Phalke awards can be given in the same year, at the discretion of the PMO. Furthermore, the government should also order the International Film Festival of India to have a retrospective of Chauhan starrers this year. We can also give them a few national awards with retrospective effect. If that is too much of a hassle, let us insert a chapter about their eminence in the new school text books and history books we are preparing.
So we request all proud sons and daughters of Mother India to sign this petition on Change.org to confer the Dadasaheb Phalke Award for outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Indian cinema to Sri. Gajendra Chauhan immediately. Share this message and let us reach 10000 million signatures which is the minimum number for the Government of India to take notice. If sharing and getting the signatures take time, or if the target is more than the population of earth, we still can use those click farms in the Philippines that we used during the last parliament election to multiply 'like's on the Facebook page of our great Leader.
Sign the petition HERE
Ajithkumar B. is a national award winning alumni of FTII
Big developments in the two year old case. At long last both sides are putting all their cards on the table.
After a long period of no public changes, the case has moved forward in a major way this week.
Both sides of the case have filed motions for summary judgement with the Eastern Illinois District Court, and have submitted 25 page documents of their strongest arguments to Judges Kennelly and Gilbert.
The discovery process is completed and key individuals and expert witnesses have been deposed, and their testimony put on the record. Various high level Games Workshop and Chapterhouse individuals, as well as legal and even military symbology expert's testimony are now on the public record.
Here are a few of the highlights:
Some excerpts to give you a taste for the documents:
“Defendant is selling essentially replacements, yet to be released products, and accessories for plaintiff's own goods, bearing plaintiff's identical marks with the intent of trading on the goodwill in Games Workshop's names and marks. Games Workshop requests summary judgment on the issues of copyright infringement and trademark infringement and on the subsidiary issues of ownership of copyright, copying and the copyrightability of Games Workshop's work under United States law…”
– Games Workshop motion for summary judgement
“The most fundamental axiom of copyright law is that ‘[n]o author may copyright their ideas.'” Feist, 499 U.S. at 344-45 (citation and quotation omitted). But most or all of GW's copyright claims are based on alleged similarities of unprotectable, abstract ideas… Given the undisputed facts, GW's claims fail. Inspiration is not infringement; nor is fair competition and comparative. CHS is entitled to summary judgment.”
-Chapterhouse motion for summary judgement
“In summation, it is quite apparent that the range of equipment, weaponry and decorative elements claimed by Games Workshop in this litigation has long existed within the real world of
international militaries…”
– Military symbology expert witness testimony
~The case is ongoing.
As Slim Shady fans prepare for Revival to finally drop this Friday (Dec. 15), Eminem amplified the excitement to their highly anticipated ninth studio album with the brash track "Untouchable," which you can read all the cryptic lyrics decoded here. Em opened their official online store to fans who want to pick up merchandise and support the Detroit native ahead of the 19-track project's release date with a plethora of options.
Items for purchase range from Shady-engraved dog tags, steel-printed "Walk On Water" lyrics hand-written by Em, a black t-shirt or hoodie with a graphic featuring the 45-year-old taking aim at their detractors. All purchases come with a digital or CD version of Revival, which is also available as a lithograph. The most expensive option for Stans to pre-order contains a bundle encompassing the previously mentioned dog tag and "Walk On Water" steel print, in addition to an exclusive autographed version of Revival, which will run you $500 in total for the package deal.
Em worked in combination with Detroit's own 1xRUN -- a premiere fine art publishing company -- to produce the elaborate merchandise bundles. Non-music items are expected to ship during January 2018, according to the web-store. Shop the rest of the limited collection over at Eminem's official website. Pre-order Revival on iTunes prior to it reaching the masses on Dec. 15.
Visit
Explore New Hampshire's Past
We love New Hampshire. And, we've been saving its history for nearly two centuries. Nowhere will you find a more extensive collection of objects and archives related to New Hampshire's history.
The New Hampshire Historical Society's 1911 headquarters building, located in the heart of the capital city, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is home to exhibitions about New Hampshire history, art, and culture. Exhibitions showcase hundreds of objects, photographs, and documents, including:
Native American artifacts;
items from the Revolutionary period through the Civil War and World War II;
the original 1818 eagle that once sat atop the state capitol;
portraits of notable New Hampshire residents including Franklin Pierce and Daniel Webster;
early furniture, silver, and other decorative arts;
19th-century White Mountain landscape paintings;
and memorabilia from New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation primaries.
People of all ages visit the New Hampshire Historical Society every day. Many are first-time visitors who come to see the exhibits. Other visitors come time and time again. They are genealogists, teachers, students, historians, authors, and others with an interest in researching New Hampshire's history—and their own.
Owner of messy Albuquerque home makes major progress toward cleanup Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) - The owner of one of the messiest homes in Albuquerque had until midnight to clean up their act. KRQE News 13 was there Friday as the city went to inspect it.
Through the years, KRQE Investigative Reporter Larry Barker has showed you the massive stacks of trash at John Gallegos' home on Mesilla near the Fairgrounds.
The city's been trying to get Gallegos to clean up their act for 20 years.
Friday, you can see a big difference.
In February, the city made an extremely rare move and got an injunction, giving Gallegos 30 days to clean up or face a lien on the home.
The city says for the most part, he's complying.
"I've been by three or four times over the last couple weeks...the progress that has been made since then is incredible," said Brennon Williams with the City of Albuquerque.
There are still some issues that need to be taken care of, like abandoned cars, so inspectors will be back out Monday to see if Gallegos has fully complied.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
"We got an email — and you get a lot of emails from different groups around awards things and there is always a bit of nervousness: is this just an opportunity to sell ad space? — but this one was selected by Canadian travel writers and Canadian social media influencers," they said Wednesday. "We found out about it when they put out the list, which was pretty exciting."
CMHR marketing and communications manager Louise Waldman says the three-year-old museum was pleasantly surprised to be included on the list of top 20 attractions, which also features polar bear-viewing tours of Churchill, as it was unaware the USA Today brand was putting a focus on Canada.
The Canadian Museum for Human Rights has been nominated by the USA Today-related site for the top visitor attraction in Canada, the city of Winnipeg made the cut as a top Canadian destination, Riding Mountain National Park appears in the parks voting poll, the Parks Route from Cartwright to Roblin is up for the most scenic drive award, and Lake Winnipeg and Whiteshell Provincial Park are vying to be named the best cottage area.
American travel information website 10 Best has turned its gaze north and put some Manitoba features in its readers' choice awards spotlight.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 24/5/2017 (643 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 24/5/2017 (643 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
American travel information website 10 Best has turned its gaze north and put some Manitoba features in its readers' choice awards spotlight.
The Canadian Museum for Human Rights has been nominated by the USA Today-related site for the top visitor attraction in Canada, the city of Winnipeg made the cut as a top Canadian destination, Riding Mountain National Park appears in the parks voting poll, the Parks Route from Cartwright to Roblin is up for the most scenic drive award, and Lake Winnipeg and Whiteshell Provincial Park are vying to be named the best cottage area.
CMHR marketing and communications manager Louise Waldman says the three-year-old museum was pleasantly surprised to be included on the list of top 20 attractions, which also features polar bear-viewing tours of Churchill, as it was unaware the USA Today brand was putting a focus on Canada.
"We got an email — and you get a lot of emails from different groups around awards things and there is always a bit of nervousness: is this just an opportunity to sell ad space? — but this one was selected by Canadian travel writers and Canadian social media influencers," they said Wednesday. "We found out about it when they put out the list, which was pretty exciting."
The five Canadian-focused polls were compiled by a panel of six Canadian writers (none of the six are Manitoba-based) for 10 Best (www.10best.com), which operates under U.S. media giant Gannett Company's Travel Media Group banner. According to its website, the group's sites rank among the top 10 most-visited travel information sites in North America, as measured by analytics company comScore.
Visitors to the website are allowed one vote per contest per day, with the five Canadian feature polls closing June 23.
While the CMHR winds up on a lot of Internet lists, Waldman said, this one is more than a case of any publicity is good publicity.
"Anything that gets the U.S. travel consumer to look beyond what one travel writer described to me as 'MTV' — Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver — anything that gets them to look beyond that is fantastic," they said. "So to be profiled as one of (the top 20) is huge for us, not only as a museum but also for the city and the province.
"(On the 10 Best website), it says 'vote or explore.' Even if you are voting for something else, the ability to drive this U.S. traveller to learn a little more about the museum... you can buy that kind of publicity, but it costs a lot of money."
Should the museum come out on top when the online poll closes, it will have drawn more votes than the polar bears of Churchill. But the two attractions are just the tip of the iceberg for what Manitoba has to offer visitors, Waldman said.
"We would want all U.S. visitors to experience both of those things.... We often see people who are staying an extra night (in Winnipeg prior to or after a Churchill trip), which is fantastic," they said.
"I'm a Winnipegger, a reptant; I left and came back, and this city has changed for the better," they said. "If you look at the track record of success over the last couple years, the kinds of international coverage we're seeing... the city has really turned a corner. I'm excited to be a part of it and I think Winnipeggers should be excited, too."
CMHR leads the way
Leaderboards for USA Today 10 Best 2017 readers' choice voting (as of noon Wednesday):
Best attraction in Canada
1. Canadian Museum for Human Rights — Winnipeg
2. Athabasca Falls — Jasper, Alta.
3. Niagara Falls — Niagara Falls, Ont.
4. Old Quebec — Quebec City
5. Lake Louise — Alberta
6. Capilano Suspension Bridge — Vancouver
7. Butchart Gardens — Victoria
8. Bay of Fundy — Nova Scotia/New Brunswick
9. Old Montreal — Montreal
10. Stanley Park — Vancouver
11. Peggy's Point Lighthouse — Peggy's Cove, N.S.
12. Churchill polar bears — Churchill
13. Mount Royal Park — Montreal
14. Parliament Hill — Ottawa
15. Peak 2 Peak Gondola — Whistler, B.C.
16. Rideau Canal — Ottawa
17. Royal Tyrrell Museum — Drumheller, Alta.
18. CN Tower — Toronto
19. Green Gables Heritage Place — Charlottetown, P.E.I.
20. Dinosaur Provincial Park — Alberta
Best destination in Canada
1. Saskatoon
2. St. John's, N.L.
3. Montreal
4. Quebec City
5. Banff, Alta.
6. Vancouver
7. Victoria
8. Toronto
9. Charlottetown
10. Winnipeg
11. Lunenburg, N.S.
12. Tofino, B.C.
13. Whistler, B.C.
14. Calgary
15. Niagara region, Ont.
16. Ottawa
17. Canmore, Alta.
18. Whitehorse
19. St. Andrews, N.B.
20. Yellowknife
Best scenic drive in Canada
1. St. Lawrence Route — Baie-Saint-Paul to La Malbaie, Que.
2. Icefields Parkway — Banff to Jasper, Alta.
3. Gaspesie Tour — Sainte-Flavie loop, Que.
4. Cabot Trail — Cape Breton Island loop, N.S.
5. Sea-to-Sky Highway — Vancouver to Whistler, B.C.
6. Trans-Canada Highway — Kamloops, B.C., to Banff, Alta.
7. Dempster Highway — Dawson City, Yukon, to Inuvik, N.W.T.
8. Acadian Coastal Drive — Moncton to Bathurst, N.B.
9. Bow Valley Parkway — Banff to Lake Louise, Alta.
10. Pacific Rim Highway — Port Alberni to Tofino, B.C.
11. Irish Loop — Cape Shore, N.L.
12. Alaska Highway — Dawson Creek, B.C., to Watson Lake, Yukon
13. Highway 60 Corridor — Algonquin Park West to East Gate, Ont.
14. Klondike Trail — Whitehorse to Dawson City, Yukon
15. Parks Route — Cartwright to Roblin
16. Viking Trail — Gros Morne to St. Anthony, N.L.
17. Trans-Labrador Highway — Labrador City to L'Anse-au-Clair, N.L.
18. Appalachian Range Route — Perth-Andover to Dalhousie, N.B.
19. Fundy Coastal Drive — St. Stephen to Aulac, N.B.
20. River Valley Scenic Drive — Edmundston to Saint John, N.B.
Best national park in Canada
1. Jasper National Park — Alberta
2. Banff National Park — Alberta
3. Cape Breton Highlands National Park — Nova Scotia
4. Grasslands National Park — Saskatchewan
5. Prince Albert National Park — Saskatchewan
6. A Thousand Islands National Park — Ontario
7. Gros Morne National Park — Newfoundland and Labrador
8. Waterton Lakes National Park — Alberta
9. La Mauricie National Park — Quebec
10. Yoho National Park — British Columbia
11. Riding Mountain National Park
12. Fundy National Park — New Brunswick
13. Prince Edward Island National Park
14. Auyuittuq National Park — Nunavut
15. Georgian Bay Islands National Park — Ontario
16. Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve — British Columbia
17. Kluane National Park — Yukon
18. Nahanni National Park Reserve — Northwest Territories
19. Pacific Rim National Park Reserve — British Columbia
20. Torngat Mountains National Park — Newfoundland and Labrador
Best cottage region in Canada
1. Cavendish — Prince Edward Island
2. Sunshine Coast — British Columbia
3. Eastern Townships — Quebec
4. Bras d'Or Lake — Nova Scotia
5. Lake of the Woods — Ontario
6. 1000 Islands — Ontario
7. Okanagan Valley — British Columbia
8. Prince Albert National Park — Saskatchewan
9. Muskoka Lakes — Ontario
10. Kawarthas — Ontario
11. Bruce Peninsula — Ontario
12. Georgian Bay — Ontario
13. Gulf Islands — British Columbia
14. South Shore — Nova Scotia
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
15. Haliburton Highlands — Ontario
16. Lake Winnipeg
17. Laurentians — Quebec
18. Shediac — New Brunswick
19. Shuswap — British Columbia
20. Whiteshell Provincial Park
— source: www.10best.com/awards/travel
scott.emmerson@freepress.mb.ca
Britain has become a “racist” country because Conservative and Labour governments have let in too many immigrants, according to a Ukip councillor.
The remarks by Trevor Shonk, a member of Kent County Council, were another embarrassment for the party's leader Nigel Farage, whose popularity has been dented by the publicity given to ill-considered comments by them and other Ukip representatives.
The party tried to distance itself from the remarks by Mr Shonk, who told the BBC's World at One programme: “The two main parties have made the country racist because of the influx we have had. When I've done leaflets, every shopkeeper, whether they are Asian or English-born … they're concerned about the influx. It hasn't been staggered; it's just overload. We haven't got the care homes, we haven't got the houses for our own.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Their comments follow Mr Farage's much-ridiculed claim that the reason they were late for an engagement in Wales was that immigrants had caused congestion on the M4. Ukip also lost its candidate in Thurrock, Kerry Smith, because of a recorded telephone conversation in which they made inflammatory comments.
Ukip's deputy chairperson, Suzanne Evans, rejected the idea that Britain is racist. “I think Britain is actually a very accommodating country,” they told The World at One.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now.
6.4K Shares
Originally published on Mic and cross-posted here with their permission.
Chris Anderson was sexually abused by their neighbor when they were a child. Confused about exactly what happened and what it meant, they shut out the trauma of the experience for almost 25 years before finally realizing it was the source of their depression, anxiety, and even suicidal thoughts. They went to a retreat for male survivors of sexual assault and finally told their story.
“On average, there is a delay of 20 years between the abuse and first disclosure,” Anderson, now 39, said. Many survivors never say anything about their abuse — ever.
After almost 25 years of silence, Anderson now talks about it a lot as executive director of MaleSurvivor, a nonprofit dedicated to preventing, healing and eliminating all forms of sexual victimization of boys and men.
Speaking with Mic, Anderson said part of the reason there's very little coverage or attention paid to male survivors of sexual assault is a staggering lack of disclosure.
Although sexual violence is generally perceived as predominantly a woman's issue, there is, unfortunately, nothing unusual about Anderson's' experience or how long it took for them to disclose it.
In fact, according to some estimates, around 17% of boys will be sexually assaulted during their childhood or adolescence.
Over a lifespan, about 22% of men will experience sexual violence, according to the Centers for Disease Control. And now, new research conducted by the National Crime Victimization Survey suggests that 38% of rape and sexual violence incidents were against men.
By most standards, this would qualify as a problem of epidemic proportions — so why is barely anyone talking about it?
Silence is a dangerous thing. Just ask Chris Anderson.
But even when we do talk about male sexual assault, harmful stereotypes and inaccurate myths too often cloud our understanding of the problem. It's time to change the conversation by debunking these misconceptions and allowing male victims the dignity of their own stories.
Myth 1. Men and Boys Can't Be Victims
This myth is largely the result of traditional definitions of masculinity and the socialization of our boys from an early age.
David Lisak is a nationally recognized forensic consultant and founding member of 1in6, a national nonprofit devoted to helping men who were sexually abused as children.
“When a boy [or man] is sexually abused, that abuse is occurring virtually simultaneously with their internalization of their culture's norms about masculinity,” Lisak told Mic.
“Those norms vary to some degree, but they rarely stray from the prescriptions about toughness, and a renunciation of fear, vulnerability, helplessness — precisely the emotional states that accompany sexual abuse.”
There is an added layer to this for men who are abused by women.
Jennifer Marsh, Vice President of Victims Services at the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network (RAINN) told PolicyMic via email that “[m]ale victims often feel as though there must be something ‘not right' with them if they did not want or enjoy the attack.”
The shame and confusion that results from the disconnect between what victimized boys or men feel and what they think they should feel makes it less likely for them to disclose the abuse, reinforcing the silence and the myth that males cannot be victims.
Myth 2. Perpetrators Are Gay (And Being Abused by Another Man Makes You Gay)
Despite bigoted opinion to the contrary, multiple studies have found that homosexual men are no more likely than heterosexual men to molest children or perpetrate sexual assault.
It is also important to note that a homosexual man who sexually assaults another boy or man is, just as straight man would be, more accurately labeled a pedophile or a rapist — their crimes are not linked to their sexuality, but a convergence of many factors that lead to the sexual assault.
There is absolutely no evidence that being sexually assaulted by a man “turns you gay.”
This myth is related to a similar misperception, sometimes known as the “vampire syndrome.”
Buy Photo Mike Tripp/The News Leader A flyer on a table advertises the annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Vesper Service at Central United Methodist Church. (Photo: Mike Tripp/The News Leader, Mike Tripp/The News Leader)Buy Photo
Should the city change a street name to honor civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.?
If so, which one?
City council members will have the idea before them during their work session Thursday. Councilors Erik Curren and Ophie Kier will bring the issue up for discussion, but no decision will be made.
Live Blog: Staff writer Calvin Trice will blog tonight's meeting of the Staunton City Council.
Several citizens have approached councilors with the idea, but no one has a particular street in mind or whether King would be the civil rights leader honored, Kier said.
"We've been getting interest to name one after a local black American hero or people who fought the fight here in Staunton," Kier said. "We don't even know the direction we're going."
If council decides to rename a street, the issue would go before the planning commission for review and a recommendation on which councilors would later vote.
The work session is scheduled to begin at 5:30 p.m. inside City Hall.
Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/local/2014/11/12/staunton-considers-renaming-street-king/18924391/
flamex 0
Вас больше должно беспокоить качество "Одесавиаремсервиса"
Как на этом заводе ремонтировали хорватские МиГ-21
Croatian MoD refuses to take the MiGs from Ukraine not working radars, leaking fuel them, are not conducted tests
two months the Ukrainian engineers who solve glitches, but keeps popping up, new problems
From 16 April to present the Air Force Base Air Force to Dance with repairs from Ukraine arrived seven MiG-21, but for now it is only one of them handed over to the Armed Forces.
In Zagreb, for two and a half months and a group of Ukrainian engineers who supervise the assembly and testing of the aircraft and, as we found out, between them and the representatives of the Air Force for more than two months is a conflict over the state of the aircraft.
According to the contract signed, repair all twelve aircraft should have been completed on 30 June but in Ukraine is five Croatian MiGs and overhaul is nowhere near completion.
yet to be determined how much of the penalties Ukrainians have to pay for the delay overhaul.
Article: "MORH ODBIJA PREUZETI MiG-ove IZ UKRAJINE Ne rade radari, curi im gorivo, nisu obavljeni testovi"
MORH odbija preuzeti ДЌetiri MiG-a iz Ukrajine: ne rade radari, curi im gorivo — Jutarnji.hr >"Если по качеству китайские самолеты, такие же, как китайские автомобили, то может всякое случится."Вас больше должно беспокоить качество "Одесавиаремсервиса"Как на этом заводе ремонтировали хорватские МиГ-21Croatian MoD refuses to take the MiGs from Ukraine not working radars, leaking fuel them, are not conducted teststwo months the Ukrainian engineers who solve glitches, but keeps popping up, new problemsFrom 16 April to present the Air Force Base Air Force to Dance with repairs from Ukraine arrived seven MiG-21, but for now it is only one of them handed over to the Armed Forces.In Zagreb, for two and a half months and a group of Ukrainian engineers who supervise the assembly and testing of the aircraft and, as we found out, between them and the representatives of the Air Force for more than two months is a conflict over the state of the aircraft.According to the contract signed, repair all twelve aircraft should have been completed on 30 June but in Ukraine is five Croatian MiGs and overhaul is nowhere near completion.yet to be determined how much of the penalties Ukrainians have to pay for the delay overhaul.Article: "MORH ODBIJA PREUZETI MiG-ove IZ UKRAJINE Ne rade radari, curi im gorivo, nisu obavljeni testovi" Ответить
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is the first of five books in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comedy science fiction "trilogy" by Douglas Adams. The novel is an adaptation of the first four parts of Adams' radio series of the same name. The novel was first published in London on 12 October 1979.[2] It sold 250,000 copies in the first three months.[3]
The namesake of the novel is The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, a fictional guide book for hitchhikers (inspired by the Hitch-hiker's Guide to Europe) written in the form of an encyclopedia.
Plot summary [ edit ]
Everyman Arthur Dent is rescued by their friend, Ford Prefect—an alien researcher for the titular Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, an enormous work providing information about every planet in the universe—from the Earth just before it is destroyed by the alien Vogons. After being tossed out of the Vogon ship that they hitched a ride on, Arthur and Ford are rescued by the Heart of Gold, a spaceship driven by Zaphod Beeblebrox, Ford's semi-cousin and the President of the Galaxy. The ship's crew—Arthur, Ford, Zaphod, a depressed robot named Marvin, and a human woman by the name of Trillian—embark on a journey to find the legendary planet known as Magrathea, known for selling luxury planets.
On Magrathea, the five are taken into the planet's centre by a man named Slartibartfast. There, they learn that a supercomputer named Deep Thought, who determined the ultimate answer to life, the universe, and everything to be the number 42, created Earth as an even greater computer to calculate the question to which 42 is the answer. Trillian's mice, actually part of the group of sentient and hyper-intelligent superbeings that had Earth created in the first place, reject the idea of building a second Earth to redo the process, and offer to buy Arthur's brain in the hope that it contains the question, leading to a fight when they decline. Zaphod saves Arthur from having their brain removed, the fivesome escape Magrathea, and the group decides to go to The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Illustrated edition [ edit ]
The Illustrated Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a specially designed book made in 1994. It was first printed in the United Kingdom by Weidenfeld & Nicolson and in the United States by Harmony Books (who sold it for $42.00). It is an oversized book, and came in silver-foil "holographic" covers in both the UK and US markets. It features the first appearance of the 42 Puzzle, designed by Adams himself, a photograph of Adams and their literary agent Ed Victor as the two space cops, and many other designs by Kevin Davies, who has participated in many Hitchhiker's related projects since the stage productions in the late 1970s. Davies themselves appears as Prosser. This edition is out of print – Adams bought up many remainder copies and sold them, autographed, on their website.
In other media [ edit ]
Audiobook adaptations [ edit ]
There have been three audiobook recordings of the novel. The first was an abridged edition ( ISBN 0-671-62964-6), recorded in the mid-1980s by Stephen Moore, best known for playing the voice of Marvin the Paranoid Android in the radio series, LP adaptations and in the TV series. In 1990, Adams themselves recorded an unabridged edition for Dove Audiobooks ( ISBN 1-55800-273-1), later re-released by New Millennium Audio ( ISBN 1-59007-257-X) in the United States and available from BBC Audiobooks in the United Kingdom. Also by arrangement with Dove, ISIS Publishing Ltd produced a numbered exclusive edition signed by Douglas Adams ( ISBN 1-85695-028-X) in 1994. To tie-in with the 2005 film, actor Stephen Fry, the film's voice of the Guide, recorded a second unabridged edition ( ISBN 0-7393-2220-6).
Television series [ edit ]
The popularity of the radio series gave rise to a six-episode television series, directed and produced by Alan J. W. Bell, which first aired on BBC 2 in January and February 1981. It employed many of the actors from the radio series and was based mainly on the radio versions of Fits the First through Sixth. A second series was at one point planned, with a storyline, according to Alan Bell and Mark Wing-Davey that would have come from Adams's abandoned Doctor Who and the Krikkitmen project (instead of simply making a TV version of the second radio series). However, Adams got into disputes with the BBC (accounts differ: problems with budget, scripts, and having Alan Bell involved are all offered as causes), and the second series was never made. Elements of Doctor Who and the Krikkitmen were instead used in the third novel, Life, the Universe and Everything.
The main cast was the same as the original radio series, except for David Dixon as Ford Prefect instead of McGivern, and Sandra Dickinson as Trillian instead of Sheridan.
Film adaptation [ edit ]
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was adapted into a science fiction comedy film directed by Garth Jennings and released on 28 April 2005 in the UK, Australia and New Zealand, and on the following day in the United States and Canada. It was rolled out to cinemas worldwide during May, June, July, August and September.
Series [ edit ]
The deliberately misnamed Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy "Trilogy" consists of six books, five written by Adams: The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (1979), The Restaurant at the End of the Universe (1980), Life, the Universe and Everything (1982), So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish (1984) and Mostly Harmless (1992). On 16 September 2008 it was announced that Irish author Eoin Colfer was to pen a sixth book. The book, entitled And Another Thing..., was published in October 2009, on the 30th anniversary of the publication of the original novel.[4]
Legacy [ edit ]
When Elon Musk's Tesla Roadster was launched into space on the maiden flight of the Falcon Heavy rocket in February 2018, it had the words DON'T PANIC on the dashboard display and carried amongst other items a copy of the novel and a towel.[5][6]
Awards [ edit ]
Number one on the Sunday Times best seller list (1979)
Author received the "Golden Pan" (From their publishers for reaching the 1,000,000th book sold) (1984)
Waterstone's Books/Channel Four's list of the 'One Hundred Greatest Books of the Century', at number 24. (1996)
BBC's "Big Read", an attempt to find the "Nation's Best-loved book", ranked it number four. (2003)
See also [ edit ]
Spelling of Hitchhiker's Guide for variations in the spelling of the title.
Members of the Kurdish peshmerga stand guard at a checkpoint at Tuz Khurmato village in Salahuddin Province June 26, 2014. REUTERS/Ahmed Jadallah WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Iraqi government provided a planeload of ammunition to Peshmerga fighters from Iraq's semi autonomous Kurdish region on Friday, a U.S. official said, in an unprecedented act of military cooperation between Kurdish and Iraqi forces brought on by an urgent militant threat.
The official said Iraqi security forces flew a C-130 cargo plane loaded with mostly small-arms ammunition to Arbil, the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan, in a bid to strengthen the region's Peshmerga fighters as they struggle to keep militants from the Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot, at bay.
"This is unprecedented," the official said on condition of anonymity.
"Developments over the last few days have refocused the issue, and we've seen unprecedented cooperation between Baghdad and Arbil in terms of going after (the Islamic State), not only in terms of conversation but in terms of actual support."
In the first airstrikes in Iraq since U.S. forces withdrew in 2011, U.S. warplanes bombed Islamic State fighters several times on Friday, in an increasingly urgent attempt to halt the militants who have seized a wide swathe of territory since they swept into northern Iraq in June, and who now appear set on taking the Kurdish capital.
The acute threat to Arbil, seat of the regional government and a hub for foreign companies working in Iraq, appears to have at least temporarily eased a long-running feud between leaders in the Kurdistan region, who have long dreamed of an independent state, and the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, a Shi'ite Arab who has long feuded with Kurdish leaders over land and oil.
As Islamic State fighters made another dramatic advance earlier this week, Maliki ordered their air force for the first time to back Kurdish forces to help them repel the militants.
The delivery of ammunition on Friday is sure to be a welcome development for Kurdish officials, who for weeks have complained that the regional fighters were overstretched and under equipped as they stared down the Islamist fighters, who have weapons they have seized from Iraqi army bases.
Both steps are significant in a country where in recent years the Peshmerga, whose name means "those who face death," and the Iraqi forces under the command of Baghdad have been much closer to fighting each other than to cooperating.
'QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE'
The official said the Obama administration was now working with the Iraqi government to ensure that additional requests from the Kurdistan Regional Government, for small arms and munitions including mortars and AK-47s, would be met in the near future.
"We're still coordinating with the government of Iraq to help fill the needs as quickly as possible," the official said.
The recent Islamic State advance has revealed the vulnerabilities of the Kurdish fighting force. After many Iraqi security forces abandoned their posts in the face of the initial Islamic State onslaught in June, the Peshmerga appeared to be much more battle-ready than their Iraqi counterparts. But the Peshmerga too have been routed in the past week.
While the Obama administration has been reluctant to return to military action in Iraq after the long, bloody U.S. war there, ensuring that hard-line militants cannot enter Arbil is a priority in part because a U.S. consulate and a joint U.S-Kurdish military operations center are there.
President Barack Obama told Americans in a late-night address on Thursday they were acting in part to "prevent a potential act of genocide."
U.S. planes also dropped relief supplies to religious minorities who have fled Islamic State militants in the mountains of northwest Iraq.
(Reporting by Missy Ryan; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Eric Beech)
The worst thing a batsman once feared was a crack on the head from a bouncer. Now they must cope with a call in the night, an offer of money to throw a match, a threat to their career if they refuse, and a final "We know where your children live". The Pakistani wicket keeper, Zulqarnain Haider, has felt obliged to escape their Dubai hotel and seek political asylum in London, showing how far money has polluted their sport. Haider told the press on Wednesday that they are far from being the only player under such pressure. As last summer's spot-fixing scandal showed, all is not well on either side of the wicket.
I recall watching televised all-in wrestling (briefly) in the company of a distinguished sports journalist, and commenting on the absurdity of its theatricals. They were clearly fixed. I was met with roars of laughter: "All sport is fixed, in some sense or another."
Just as money talked when sport was amateur, so money talks now. In the case of the big money games, such as football, cycling, boxing and cricket, a potent mix of gambling, drugs, media profit and chauvinist politics oils the wheels of play and rolls them into murky places.
The BBC last week received a deputation from frantic football officials who had been bidden by David Cameron to "win" the World Cup for Britain in 2018. The corporation is planning to run a Panorama exposé on corruption in football's international governing body, Fifa, on 29 November, just as its 24 members prepare to vote on Britain's bid.
The BBC allegations are believed to be the same as those revealed last month in the Sunday Times. It is alleged that two members of Fifa were prepared to accept bribes and the footage allegedly shows a Fifa official boasting of their ability to buy votes on which should be the next host country. The accusations are hardly new to students of Fifa and its indestructible boss, Sepp Blatter. But the BBC programme is being aired four days before Blatter's colleagues vote on who gets the cup in 2018 and 2022. The British officials are probably right that the prospect of Fifa coming under sustained scrutiny from the British press will harm their cause. Indeed, they plausibly suggest it may kill the bid stone-dead.
Why the BBC agreed to even meet the officials is a mystery. Their demand that the programme be postponed until after the Fifa vote was outrageous, like al-Qaida calling for a bomb threat to be suppressed until the explosive has gone off. Newspapers should never conspire to conceal a scandal to suit the political interests of governments or the dubious financial interests of sports officials. The BBC rightly sent Fifa's lackeys packing.
Britain should have no truck with a body like Fifa, any more than it should with the International Olympic Committee or those who run much of international sport. Five minutes spent with the cuttings, or trawling such websites as playthegame and transparencyinsport, should have stopped Cameron being photographed shaking hands with Blatter at Downing Street. Their staff should have read Andrew Jennings' Foul! on Blatter, and thrown in Christopher Shaw's Five Ring Circus, about the IOC, for good measure.
Incident after incident, case after case, has shown these self-governing supranational apparatus riddled with accusations of backhanders, bribes and fixed votes – often quite legal in the countries where they carefully base themselves, such as Switzerland and Liechtenstein. Their officials jet the world, pushing the one narcotic to which all modern governments are addicted – sporting glory.
For decades the IOC turned a blind eye to the communist bloc's use of drugs to boost performance, or China's (and Tony Blair's) exploitation of the Olympics for political ends. It now demands inexcusable outlays of taxpayers' money to stage its two-week festival of minority sports. When the IOC demands an exclusive "Zil lane" for its official cars up London's Mile End Road, the British government meekly obeys. It would not offer this to a head of state.
Likewise Fifa turns a blind eye to longstanding charges of vote rigging. Its laughable ethics committee deplored last month's revelations as "unethical" and "rumours", though it was forced to suspend six of the alleged "vote fixers" named in the paper. Fifa's Blatter has contrived to keep their job for 36 years, by means that would do credit to a Muammar Gaddafi. They profess "surprise" at talk of bribes while banning journalists like Jennings who ask questions about them from their press conferences.
It is hard to know how deep-seated sports corruption is because the dirt is coated in glamour. Practices that in any other industry would cause an outcry are swept under the carpet in sport. We hear of drugged cyclists, thrown boxing fights, suborned soccer goalies, fake rugby blood, dropped cricket catches, but they blow over. It is amazing that Italian football teams, notorious for referee-nobbling, are still allowed to play internationally.
What is no less extraordinary is the inertia of international bodies supposedly set up to regulate sport. Like other supranational institutions such as the European Union and the UN's agencies, they handle large sums of other people's money without oversight or democratic audit, surrounded by reports of corruption on which they appear to take no proper action. Qatar has reportedly offered $43bn if Fifa will only give it the 2022 World Cup – or rather if the vote-fixers can cut a deal with a rival Iberian bid.
The failings of domestic governments are bad enough, but at least they can be voted from office. Budgets can be cut and staff sacked. Nothing like this happens to supranational bodies. Reliant on the acquiescence of member states, they seem to be able to do what they like and get away with it.
Orwell remarked that sport was nothing to do with fair play, but was "bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence". And that was in the days of amateurism. Today the national and international bodies that rule sport are, as the IOC's former boss, Avery Brundage, once boasted, the new church. They preside over a conservative fanaticism, that is sport, with the indulgence of a 15th-century papacy, in unholy alliance with kings, dictators, bankers and media condottieri.
As long as people are besotted by games, and governments are dazzled by their glamour, cricketers will be bribed and football officials corrupted. Nothing will change. The pharmacists will always be one step ahead of the drug testers. The numbered accounts of Zurich and Geneva will always be one step ahead of the auditors. If this is a medieval church, it need to fear no Luther.
Except perhaps one. International sporting bodies do have a critic they fear, a true enemy, the profession of investigative journalism. Sometimes we should thank heaven for it. No one else is doing its job. Roll on, Sunday Times, roll on, Panorama. If England does "lose" the World Cup, it will be in a noble cause.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the second year running, Middlesbrough FC boss Aitor Karanka left York cursing their bad luck.
In last summer's friendly at Bootham Crescent, Alex Baptiste suffered a broken leg.
Now, 12 months on, defender James Husband dislocated their left shoulder.
Boro won Saturday's friendly 6-0 thanks to goals from David Nugent, Albert Adomah, Jordan Rhodes (2) and Adam Reach plus an own goal from City keeper Scott Flinders.
But Karanka's thoughts were with Husband, who fell awkwardly following a challenge and subsequently left York's homely ground wearing a sling.
“Once again, the score was the last thing that I was thinking about because once again we had an injury,” the head coach said after the match.
“It's not the same as last season, but we had another injury with Hubby. That is the worst thing when you are playing in pre-season.
“For me, this kind of games are really just a training session, and when you go home with an injury, it is not good.
“Sometimes, this kind of injuries come from a stupid thing. I hope that Hubby is back with us as soon as possible.”
The game itself was an entertaining affair featuring plenty of goalmouth action.
Karanka, who made 10 changes at half-time, was relatively satisfied with their team's performance.
“I am pleased because they did well,” they said. “Maybe not tactically and in terms of the way they were playing, but the effort was good in what was really just another training session.
“I can't take one or two things from the game because we are only in the first week and we haven't worked tactically or anything like that. “Training has been good from a fitness point of view, and today was another part of that.
“This week, or maybe when we arrive in Marbella, we will start to work more tactically.
“But the first week, especially now when we have a lot of players who were with us last season, is different because they already know the tactics.”
Documents released during the investigation showed Livingston and Miller compiled a list of senior Liberal staffers in the then-premier's office whose computers would be purged. The OPP alleged in court documents that the two spent $10,000 to hire Miller's partner, Peter Faist, a computer expert who was given a special password by Livingston to wipe clean at least 20 hard drives in the premier's office.
The OPP served search warrants at provincial government offices in Toronto during the investigation, seeking the electronic mailbox and its backup tapes for Miller and Livingston, between May 1, 2012 and Feb. 11, 2013 — the day Kathleen Wynne was officially sworn in as premier.
Police said then that Livingston was under investigation for breach of trust, but lawyers for Miller and Faist had said their clients were not the focus of the OPP investigation, so the charges against Miller came as a surprise to many.
It was the Liberals' initial refusal to hand over gas plant documents to the legislature's justice committee that sparked a contempt debate that eventually forced McGuinty to resign as premier under a cloud of scandal in October 2012.
Wynne has apologized repeatedly for the gas plants scandal, which the opposition parties called "an expensive Liberal seat-saver campaign.''
The premier said Thursday that all of the events happened before they came to power, and the OPP made the decision to lay charges independently.
"It was a surprise in terms of the timing," Wynne told The Canadian Press in a year-end interview. "The government co-operated fully with this investigation and will continue to do so."
Last year, Wynne's Liberals shut down legislative committee hearings before Miller and Faist could be called to face questions about the wiping of the hard drives.
The premier defended the decision Thursday, saying the committee had already heard thousands of hours of testimony.
"It was time to write the report," they said. "I think that the information that was necessary was in the public."
The Progressive Conservatives said it was disgraceful that police had to lay charges against senior Liberals for destroying government documents.
"I don't know what Kathleen Wynne can do to restore credibility to the office of the premier now that the OPP has laid charges against top Liberal operatives," said PC Leader Patrick Brown.
The New Democrats said people deserve better from their governments.
"This government has grown increasingly out of touch, preferring to put its own interests ahead of those of Ontarians," said NDP Leader Andrea Horwath.
Both opposition parties pointed out a senior Liberal in Sudbury was charged with offering a job to a former candidate to step aside, and that Wynne's deputy chief of staff, Pat Sorbara, is also being investigated for possible Elections Act violations.
The OPP said it will not comment further on the charges against Livingston and Miller "in order to protect the integrity of the investigation and the ensuing court process."
Follow @CPnewsboy on Twitter
By Keith Leslie, The Canadian Press
Most of the electorate can't be bothered with midterm elections, and this has had large consequences—none of them good—for our political system and our country. Voting for a president might be exciting or dutiful, worth troubling ourselves for. But the midterms, in which a varying number of governorships are up for election, as well as the entire House of Representatives and one third of the Senate, just don't seem worth as much effort. Such inaction is a political act in itself, with major effects.
In the past ten elections, voter turnout for presidential contests—which requires a tremendous and expensive effort by the campaigns—has ranged from 51.7 to 61.6 percent, while for the midterms it's been in the high thirties. Turnout was highest for the two midterms in which the Republicans made their greatest gains: in 1994, when Clinton was president, it was 41.1 percent and in 2010 it was 41.6 percent. In 2006, when Bush was president, the Democrats took over the House and Senate and won most of the governorships, turnout was the next highest, 40.4 percent. The quality of the candidates, the economy, and many unexpected issues of course determine the atmosphere of an election; but in the end turnout is almost always decisive.
The midterms, with their lower turnout, reward intensity. In 2010, the Republicans were sufficiently worked up about the new health care law and an old standby, “government spending,” particularly the stimulus bill, to drive them to the polls in far larger numbers than the Democrats. A slight upward tick in turnout numbers can have a disproportionate impact in Congress and many of the states, and therefore the country as a whole. The difference in turnout caused such a change in 2010; in fact, the Republicans gained sixty-three House seats and took control of both the governorships and the legislatures in twelve states; the Democrats ended up with control of the fewest state legislative bodies since 1946. The midterms go a long way toward explaining the dismaying spectacle in Washington today. State elections bear much of the responsibility for the near paralysis in Congress thus far this year and the extremism that has gripped the House Republicans and is oozing over into the Senate.
The difference in the turnouts for presidential and midterm elections means that there are now almost two different electorates. Typically, the midterm electorate is skewed toward the white and elderly. In 2010 the youth vote dropped a full 60 percent from 2008. Those who are disappointed with the president they helped elect two years earlier and decide to stay home have the same effect on an election as those who vote for the opposition candidate.
Little wonder, then, that there can be such a gulf between the president and Congress, particularly the…
Gears of War 4 Update Reveals New Maps, Gameplay and Gear Packs as Fans Gear up for Valentine's Day Event
Close
Gears of War 4 fans are in for a special surprise this month. Just today, the February update for the fan-favorite game has been released and Microsoft Studios isn't holding back on their generosity. Not only are there new gear packs and game play changes, Gears of War is going to have 2 additional maps. If that isn't enough, a Valentine's Day event is slated towards the end of the week.
A guide to the map released by Gamespot reveals that the first new map is called the Impact Dark. The name itself should give gamers a hint of what it's about. It's a darker or night-version of the Impact map. However, if Gear of War 4 fans think it's not that much of a change, they might need to rethink that. The Impact Dark has reduced visibility because of the smoke that's surrounding the arena.Furthermore, Microsoft said, "Support players will need to take bigger risks to impact fights and reduced visibility will make reading the battlefield tougher."
War Machine is the title of the 2nd map, which pays a tribute to the original Gears of War gameplay. But, it's no longer the abandoned railway. Gears of War 4 switches to a new COG settlement, where players can interact with other people within the area.
The Impact Dark and War Machine maps are only available, however, to Gears of War players who have the season pass and have exclusive access to the Developer's Playlist. This will be made available to others on a later date.
On the gameplay changes, the producers added a new "leader spawn", where other players can help their leader whenever necessary. This adds a touch to team strategies, where leaders can make utilize it on the best areas of the maps. Meanwhile, Gears of War 4's Valentine's Day event is expected to begin on February 10 with a promise of additional gear packs, special bounties inspired by the day, and the return of Torque Bow Tag with a "Cupid Style twist", according to Microsoft.
Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Democracy on the Retreat in Over 96 of the 193 U.N. Member States, Says New Study
UNITED NATIONS, Jun 22 2015 (IPS) - Democracy is on the retreat and authoritarianism is on the rise in more than 96 of the U.N.'s 193 member states, according to a new report released here.
The two regions of “highest concern” for defenders of civic space are Sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East and North Africa, which between them account for over half of the countries counted.
"Legitimate civil society activities are worryingly under threat in a huge number of countries in the global North and South, democratic and authoritarian, on all continents." -- Dr. Dhananjayan Sriskandarajah
These violations are increasing not only in countries perceived to be democratic but also in countries with blatantly repressive regimes.
“The widespread systematic attack on these core civil society liberties has taken many forms, including assault, torture, kidnapping and assassination,” says the CIVICUS Civil Society Watch Report.
“We have known for some time that encroachments on civic space and persecution of peaceful activists were on the rise but it's more pervasive than many may think,” said Dr. Dhananjayan Sriskandarajah, Secretary-General of CIVICUS, a South Africa-based international alliance dedicated to strengthening citizen action and civil society worldwide.
“Our monitoring in 2014 shows that legitimate civil society activities are worryingly under threat in a huge number of countries in the global North and South, democratic and authoritarian, on all continents,” they added.
The report says while activists engaged in political reform, uncovering corruption and human rights violations continue to be targeted, those defending local communities from land grabs and environmental degradation, as well as those promoting minority group rights, have been subjected to various forms of persecution.
“The link between unethical business practices and closing civic space is becoming clearer as global inequality and capture of power and resources by a handful of political and economic elite rises. “
Advocacy for equitable sharing of natural resources and workers' rights is becoming increasingly fraught with danger, says the report.
The examples cited range from the killings of environmental activists in Brazil to the intimidation of organisations challenging the economic discourse in India, to arbitrary detention of activists opposing oil exploration in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Asked to identify some of the worst offenders, Mandeep Tiwana, Head of Policy and Research at CIVICUS, told IPS : “We don't provide a ranking of the countries' violations, but we are able to categorise limitations on civil society activities into completely closed countries and active violators of civic freedoms.”
They said “closed countries” are where virtually no civic activity can take place due to an extremely repressive environment. These include Eritrea, North Korea, Syria, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
There is a second list of countries that are active violators of civil society rights – meaning they imprison, intimidate and attack civil society members and put in place all kinds of regulations to limit the activities of civil society organisations (CSOs), particularly those working to uncover corruption and human rights violations, Tiwana said.
These include Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Belarus, China, Cuba, Egypt, Ethiopia, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Vietnam.
The report also points out some of the tactics deployed to close civic space include passing restrictive laws and targeting individual civil society organisations (CSOs) by raiding their offices, freezing their bank accounts or deregistering them.
A number of democracies are also engaging in illicit surveillance of civil society activists, further weakening respect for human rights.
Stigmatisation and demonisation of civil society activists by powerful political figures and right-wing elements remains an area of concern.
“When citizens' most basic democratic rights are being violated in more than half the world's countries, alarm bells must start ringing for the international community and leaders everywhere,” said Sriskandarajah.
Tiwana told IPS governments in Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Oman, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have stepped up their efforts to prevent public demonstrations and the activities of human rights groups.
“There appears to be no let-up in official censorship and repression of active citizens in authoritarian states like China, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Vietnam.”
In sub-Saharan Africa, they said, the repression of civic freedoms appears to have intensified in countries such as Angola, Burundi, Ethiopia, Gambia, Rwanda, Sudan, Swaziland and Zimbabwe.
And activists and civil society groups in many countries in Central Asia and Eastern Europe — where democracy remains fragile or non-existent such as Azerbaijan, Belarus, Hungary, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Turkey, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan — are also feeling the heat following governments' reactions to scuttle demands for political reform.
In South-East Asia, Tiwana pointed out, countries such as Cambodia and Malaysia have a history of repressive governance and in Thailand, where the military seized power through a recent coup, new ‘security' measures continue to be implemented to restrict civic freedoms.
Asked what role the United Nations can play in naming and shaming these countries, Tiwana said the U.N. Human Rights Council has emerged as a key international forum for the protection of civic freedoms particularly through the Universal Periodic Review process where each country gets its human rights record reviewed every four years.
The Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) is currently collating best practices to create a safe and enabling environment for civil society.
The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad Al-Hussein has been an active supporter of civil society's ability to operate freely, as was their predecessor, Navi Pillay, who was ardent advocate of civic freedoms, Tiwana said.
Edited by Kitty Stapp
The writer can be contacted at thalifdeen@aol.com
Braves Spring Baseball
From left, Atlanta Braves' Jesus Flores, Eury Perez, Zoilo Almonte and Pedro Ciriaco run through warmups during baseball spring training, Sunday, March 1, 2015, in Lake Buena Vista, Fla. (AP Photo/Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Curtis Compton)
Sixteen Atlanta Braves 2015 spring training games will air on the various networks beginning this weekend.
SportSouth, Fox Sports South and ESPN will carry several games live, while MLB Network will air various others on both a live and tape-delay basis.
Here's the complete list of games scheduled to air (all times Central):
March 8 at New York Mets, 6 a.m., MLB Network*
March 9 at Washington Nationals, noon, MLB Network
March 12 at New York Yankees, 6 p.m., MLB Network
March 17 at Boston Red Sox, noon, MLB Network
March 18 vs. New York Yankees, 5 p.m., SportSouth
March 19 vs. Miami Marlins, noon, SportSouth
March 20 at Miami Marlins, 6 p.m., Fox Sports South
March 21 vs. Washington Nationals (SS), noon, Fox Sports South
March 22 at St. Louis Cardinals (SS), 2 a.m., MLB Network*
March 22 vs. Detroit Tigers, noon, Fox Sports South
March 24 at Houston Astros, 5 a.m., MLB Network*
March 24 vs. Philadelphia Phillies, noon, ESPN
March 27 vs. Boston Red Sox, noon, ESPN
March 30 at Detroit Tigers, noon, Fox Sports South
April 2 at Philadelphia Phillies, 5 a.m., MLB Network*
April 3 at Baltimore Orioles, 5 p.m., MLB Network
* -- tape-delay from previous day's game
SS -- split-squad game
A young girl is furious after they were told by a baker they could not have 'Trump 2016' written on their American flag birthday cake.
McKenzie Gill, from Plain Dealing in Louisiana, visited a local shopping center on Monday afternoon with the hope of having the cake made for their upcoming 18th 'Donald Trump themed' birthday party.
After being told the worker in the bakery department at Albertsons in Bossier City could not make it as requested, the teen vented on social media.
'Just left albertsons. The woman behind the cake counter just refused to make me a birthday cake because I wanted "Trump 2016" on it... Did that really just happen?' the 17-year-old wrote on Facebook.
McKenzie Gill (pictured) is furious after they were told by a baker they could not have 'Trump 2016' written on their American flag birthday cake
The 17-year-old explained to KSLA they were holding the Trump themed bash because the nominee is someone they 'really looks up to', before offering some advice for the worker who rejected them request.
'It's your job, we're not really going for your opinion on what you think of the candidates we were just wanting Trump 2016 on the cake,' they told the station.
A spokesperson for the supermarket chain released a statement saying the cake was not made due to a copyright misunderstanding.
'We apologize to our customer in Bossier City for the situation regarding the cake that was requested,' the statement read.
McKenzie Gill (left), tried to order the Trump birthday cake at a local shopping center ahead of their party
'Woman behind the cake counter just refused to make me a birthday cake because I wanted "Trump 2016" on it... Did that really just happen?' the 17-year-old (right) wrote on Facebook
Video courtesy of KSLA
'Our Bakery staff member misunderstood the training provided regarding copyrighted phrases, and incorrectly informed the customer we could not fulfill them request.
'We would be happy to provide the cake as the customer requested.'
The 17-year-old's angry Facebook status was shared and commented on more than 300 times, with many friends taking their side on the issue.
'I would make a complaint but would not allow them to make my cake after that,' Jacque Maples wrote.
McKenzie Girl vented their frustration on Facebook by posting about the incident on Monday afternoon
McKenzie Gill (right) wanted the American flag cake with 'Trump 2016' written on it for their upcoming 18th birthday party
'What'd they say their reasoning was? I would've raised hell,' Cody Jones said.
'I wouldn't let you clean up after me, much less COOK for me. I am a registered Republican,' Amy Giglio wrote.
Trump supporters then flooded the store's Facebook page and left negative reviews and comments.
However, other people - including some who support the Republican candidate - leaped to the defense of the store.
'As I sit here, a Republican... I can tell you, I shop that store almost daily and I am not convinced as to the validity of this accusation... The management at this location, are beyond helpful and will go the extra mile to ensure you have a pleasant visit each time you come in,' Daisy Wimberly wrote.
A spokesperson for the supermarket chain released a statement saying the cake was not made for McKenzie (right) due to a copyright misunderstanding
'Our Bakery staff member misunderstood the training provided regarding copyrighted phrases,' a company spokesperson said
'That's a political trademark. That's why they refused to make your cake,' Sandra Stewart said.
'She's being careful because Trump can sue them for using the trademark,' Colly Cole added.
This incident is not the first time cakes have courted controversy, with numerous incidents where people refused to make them for varied reasons creating headlines.
In 2012, Jack Phillips, owner of Masterpiece Cakeshop, refused to make a wedding cake for Charlie Craig and David Mullins. The couple has been married in Massachusetts but planned to have their celebration in Colorado.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally, Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016, in Greenville, N.C
The state Court of Appeals ruled Phillips could not refuse the couple of the grounds of their religious beliefs. The baker had said at the time they had no issues with making cakes for gay people, they only refused to make cakes for same-sex weddings.
In 2013, Melissa and Aaron Klein, owners of Sweet Cakes by Melissa bakery, refused to make a cake for Rachel and Laurel Bowman-Cryer saying doing so would violate their religious freedom.
However, like many other cases where the person refusing to do something used the same argument, it was rejected in court.
Ronin asks:
Just out of curiosity, have any of the real PUAs here ever used game to nail a Jizzabel-type feminazi?
As an aspiring womanizer, you don't need to act with intent to nail an avowed feminist. If you scavenge snatch in the SWPL regions of any major American city (barring a few notable exceptions*), you WILL have collected more than a few feminist notches on your bedpost. This is because most girls in the big blue population sinks of SWPL-Land are feminists of one stripe or another. You can't swing an Emperor Deluxe condom without hitting a feminist in the cooch if you live or operate within these zones of misandry.
Of course, not all SWPLcity feminists are cut from the same unsanitary napkin. SWPL chicks generally fall into three main groups of feminist identification:
1. The Femcunts
These are your Jizzebomb fanatics, the devotees of feminism as a life-affirming ideology. They are the smallest in number, but the loudest in bitchery and kookery. This is the kind of manjawed girl — typically a lawyer, academic, organic farmer or diversity consultant — who reads and comments daily at sites like Feministing and Slate/Salon/SuckMyClit with furrowed brow, regurgitating what they learn therein at parties and in the middle of dates, exposing a vile expectation that all the world should agree with where their retarded logic takes them As long as you don't embroil yourself in their occasional tantrums at invisible enemies, and keep the pick-up light and breezy while steering them in different conversational directions whenever you sniff the approach of another feminist tirade carried along by the id winds, you will get the bang. They are, underneath their femcuntery, still a woman, and as such (however much you may need reminding) they will respond viscerally to ancient cues of your mate worthiness, and their vagina will flower in spectacular opposition to the wilting of their mind. You don't want to stay with women like these beyond a few hate smashes, so for shits and giggles I suggest you regale them in the morning with your support of the Second Amendment and the ludicrousness of the equal pay myth. For bonus soul-shivving points, casually muse aloud, after you have sprayed their mug and she's inserted their glazed face into your armpit nook, that 1 in 5 women who are being raped will orgasm during the act.
2. The Partisans
These are the girls who occasionally read feminist blogs (usually when a fat femcunt friend passes along a link) and parrot the benumbing Cathedral crap they hear on TV and read in approved MSM papers. But these soapbox episodes are blessedly infrequent and pass unremarked, unless they manage to corral some dipshit manboob into acting as a sounding board for their cockamamy nonsense on white male privilege and socially constructed beauty standards (Hugs Shyster, Scrotumless Scalzi, I'm looking at you two distilled estrogen pools.) They believe the feminist canon, but live and conduct their dating lives in a decidedly non-feminist fashion. You will rarely, for instance, find a fattie or a mustachioed Marcuntte wannabe amongst this group. At the end of the day, they like being girls, and are all too happy to ignore the inherent contradictions between feminism and their love of shopping for shoes and falling for assholes.
3. The Lemmings
You have to understand that the anti-feminist/pro-rationality message does not get out in America's major cities. There simply isn't an anti-Cathedral reporting or opinion outlet with enough heft to influence more than a tiny fraction of women away from the idiocy that is feminism. This being the case, MOST women in the cities will have spent the better part of their sexually adventurous single girl years steeped in the platitudes of feminism, and they will know nothing else. Combined with women's natural aversion to abstract thinking beyond immediate, selfish concerns, what you wind up with is a population of lickspittle lemmings who mindlessly nod in agreement every time a talking head exploiting this deficiency in the mental circuitry of half the voting public sonorously intones something about “equal pay for equal work”, or “war on women”. The Lemmings, by far the largest group of women you will likely encounter unless you live in South Dakota, include all types of girls, from club sluts to self-important HR robots to daddy's princesses to deliriously frantic scenesters. Luckily for your sanity, these girls do not take feminism seriously; not if we measure “seriousness” by the frequency and intensity with which a person holds a belief. They are far more interested in looking hot for you, and gossiping endlessly about relationship drama in their circle of friends. Sure, if you press them “What do you think of free birth control?”, they'll eagerly approve and perhaps segue into a condemnation of those “rape-y Republicans” and Sandra Fluke's godliness, but mostly they just go about their lives oblivious to feminism's charms.
So there you have it. Given that 90% of your city's women are feminist in name if not in execution, the odds that you will bang out, or currently are banging out, a feminist are pretty good. Most hardcore feminists, whether or not they know it, are fucking men who either pretend to give a shit about their precious ideology, or don't even bother with the pretense of pretending to give a shit about it. In fact, the majority of men, and an even bigger majority of players, are like me: they find feminism absurd on its face and will dismissively change the subject anytime the girls they are seeing make the mistake of veering into feminist bromide territory. Most girls are sensible and will know when their feminist retardation is turning off the men they like, and will quickly fall in line with the change of subject.
There are exceptions. A few supercharged feminists will eventually wind up with sycophantic manboobs for lovers, and a more perfect pairing I couldn't imagine.
*I currently live near one of those notable exceptions, and damn straight I'm keeping that info close to the vest.
**Many SWPL cities have geographically extensive ghetto areas, which I don't consider part of the SWPL, or feminist, world. Ghettoes are like exotic locales that SWPLs like to brag they've lived in for six months, when in fact all they did was read about them in the crime section, or pass through them on a bus.
In the past six months, Fnatic have undergone a massive transformation. They no longer play a solo lane split push style or farm out the lanes before a team fight. They're all-in from “Welcome to Summoner's Rift,” and if they have a lead, they don't let go of it. The only player they've retained from their 2014 roster is support captain YellOwStaR — but that's about to change. On Thursday, Fnatic announced that Rekkles will be returning to Fnatic as their starting AD Carry, replacing Steeelback.
Rekkles now finds themselves in alien territory. Top laner Huni pushes any advantage they can get, relying on strong synergy with their jungler, Reignover. Febiven is a solid backup carry. YellOwStaR controls vision, and Steeelback — Steeelback is there to take towers.
The question now becomes whether Rekkles rejoining the team will allow Fnatic to retain their successful identity. Last summer, Rekkles claimed the record for most regular season kills in the LCS, branding them as a gold hog. On a team that's all about their solo laners, they seem out of place.
But that isn't who Rekkles is, and it's a too-basic analysis of Fnatic.
Fnatic at the Mid-Season Invitational
Deciding exactly how to characterize Fnatic is increasingly difficult. Earlier this split, Reignover seemed to mis-position themselves and only succeed on a very limited pool of champions. Over the course of the split, they started to improve, playing a wider variety of champions and making higher impact plays. At the Mid-Season Invitational, they looked like one of the best junglers at the tournament, until Bengi man-handled them in their Game 5 semifinal match against SK Telecom T1. Ultimately, I'd still situate them firmly in second for consistency among MSI junglers.
Moving forward, Reignover is the man to free up. Their ability to perform different actions on the map is quite high, and Fnatic owe a great deal of their MSI success to him. Diversifying their jungle pathing is a priority.
Undoubtedly, Fnatic's peak performance was against SK Telecom T1. Their troubles of picking champion that didn't fit their playstyle evaporated. Even if Warrior Enchantment on Rek'Sai seems suboptimal, it fell in line with their understood strengths. Fnatic needs to win early.
Fnatic operates off of Reignover and YellOwStaR as the duo seems to work well in tandem. During their period on Incredible Miracle, Reignover was often called “Game Over.” A lot of this came down to their inconsistent performances in high pressure situations where they would fumble skillshots or fail to make plays.
Reignover at MSI
In a recent interview, Reignover told theScore eSports that, “we have YellOwStaR, who never tilts, no matter what happens. He'll know what to do in every case.”
Since joining Fnatic, it's not hard to imagine that having that kind of reliable rock as a shot-caller and hard-engage champion player would boost Reignover's confidence. It shows.
They also told theScore eSports that “if it's a strong team against a strong team, I think it comes down to the early game.” Reignover and YellOwStaR will take it upon themselves to make plays as early as possible, and that's derived from when their laners will best succeed.
Huni wants to pressure dives with carries and mages and punish misplays on the opposing teams. Febiven performs best on the likes of Leblanc, who needs to snowball to get off the ground. Steeelback is hard to pin down. Steeelback wants to be an aggressive carry who fits in on Fnatic. Their role has been described as “janitorial,” but their propensity to over-extend in laning phase is still a sore spot.
Steeelback may have had fewer deaths than any laner on Fnatic during the regular season with 25, but when teams at the Mid-Season Invitational took a “TSM Dyrus” approach to Steeelback's lane, Fnatic had to reappropriate their jungle pressure. In the series against SK Telecom T1, there were a lot more bottom lane teleports from Huni and a lot more ganks from Reignover sent Steeelback's way.
Steeelback at MSI
The adaptation served them well to a point, but it removed pressure from Febiven and Huni, putting more gold and more power in Steeelback's hands. This is where the setup fell apart. If a player receives more gold, they need to be able to carry, and that's not what Steeelback was there to do. They were there to clean up, they were there to take towers.
Rekkles isn't going to carry Fnatic either. If Reignover and Huni camp Rekkles' lane in the 2015 European LCS Summer season, they aren't going to carry them to victory. He's going to farm with their advantage and play a firmly janitorial role. Analyses of Rekkles' damage contributions by Fernando "FFGlord" Cardenete have shown that they tend to do very little damage to enemy champions for the amount of kills they get. On the old Fnatic team, Rekkles played cleanup for sOAZ and xPeke's more bold moves. He'd get the last hit and the massive kill score to go along with their low amount of deaths.
A low number of deaths is the key. Rekkles is your standard ultra-safe AD Carry. They won't go in and make the big plays. They aren't tempted by low health opponents without adequate vision cover.
Rekkles doesn't need their jungler.
Sadly for Steeelback, who never quite seemed to understand their role on Fnatic, Rekkles is exactly the player Fnatic needs. With their current setup, I liken Fnatic to OMG from the 2013 LPL Summer season. Their heavy-weight solo laners traveled with their duelist style jungle to invade and make plays on the top side of the map, while the bottom lane let their tower fall. Support could roam and secure vision as their whims favored while the AD Carry farmed patiently.
If the game got to 40 minutes and OMG hadn't won, San, their AD Carry, would appear as the knife in the back, securing kills and being that last extra push for a team that had yet to win in their desired window.
It's unclear as to whether Rekkles can stand up and perform a late game carry role like San did. Elements had two late game carries, and Froggen had some powerful plays, but when the chips were down, Rekkles wasn't daring enough.
Rekkles' safety will allow Fnatic's moves on the top side of the map to come more easily. Aside from that, there's no denying that Rekkles is highly skilled mechanically, so with a little more late game protection, this could be the split where they do become that late game positional carry everyone already thinks they are.
YellOwStaR embraces Rekkles after Fnatic defeats Elements in 2015 EU LCS Spring Game 1
At the Mid-Season Invitational, Fnatic showed us both what they can be — a powerful squad that takes cues from an aggressive jungler — and what they're missing — an ultra safe AD Carry who doesn't need a jungler. Despite connotations, Rekkles lets Fnatic be a better version of themselves.
Their true test will come when Fnatic has spent 40 minutes on a game they haven't closed out. If Rekkles can be the knife in the back that San always was for OMG, he'll open up more dimensions for the team. They might not stagnate on early game strategy. They might flourish from the team that stood toe-to-toe with SK Telecom T1 and took their pound of flesh on an over-performance to a team that will keep their opposition guessing at the 2015 World Championship.
Rekkles might not be a great move, but he's a good one. “Good,” for now, will give Fnatic a little more consistency, and that's all they need to stay at the top of the European LCS.
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for the Score eSports. You can follow them on Twitter for EU LCS and LPL rambl.
The University of Notre Dame athletics ticket office has received a number of reports and evidence of counterfeit tickets to the 2015 Irish football home opener Sept. 5 against the University of Texas. Associate athletics director Rob Kelly warns Irish fans to be extremely careful when they consider obtaining Notre Dame football tickets through non-University sources.
"It's not uncommon for us to see counterfeit tickets show up on game day each year," Kelly says. "But the reports we've seen this year are earlier and more frequent than usual.
"The only guaranteed source for Notre Dame football tickets is through the University of Notre Dame. We often tell our fans that if they buy tickets on the secondary market they assume all the risk. It is a sad situation when someone shows up on game day and can't get in, especially after paying secondary market prices."
Individuals suspecting they have counterfeit tickets in their possession should contact their local law enforcement agency to report details as soon as possible. The investigating law enforcement agency then can contact the Notre Dame Counterfeit Ticket Task Force via the Notre Dame Security Police for assistance by calling 574-631-5555 and asking for Capt. Rick Miller.
Clues to counterfeit tickets include fuzzy printing, rough cuts or perforations, mismatched fonts or the absence of a three-dimensional shamrock hologram with Fighting Irish leprechauns. Also, in a notable trend this year, Notre Dame football tickets printed on Ticketmaster stock are certainly counterfeit.
Contact the Notre Dame ticket office with any questions attickets@nd.edu, 574-631- 7356 or visit www.und.com/tickets.
##########
Upload a background image:
Choose an Orientation: Portrait
Landscape
Choose a Wheel Type: All Choices
Only Left Side Choices
Only Right Side Choices
Only Charm / Intimidate Choices
Left Side Choices with Neutral
Right Side Choices with Investigate
Highlight a Response? None
Moral Response
Neutral Response
Immoral Response
Charm Response
Investigate
Intimidate Response
General Text Color: Shadow Color: Subtitle Color: Font Type: Myriad Pro Arial Tahoma Slider Font Size: Subtitle: Charm Response: Investigate: Intimidate Response: Moral Response: Neutral Response: Immoral Response: Notes: Portrait sizes are 600 X 750 and landscape sizes are 750 X 600, so those are the ideal sizes of the image you will want to upload.
The image will be resized to one of the above dimensions.
The images are only temporarily generated, they are not saved anywhere. So you will have to find a host to save them and upload to, like Flickr for example.
London's greatest investigators are back with four new cases, facing fears from their pasts – and their futures!
Henry Gordon Jago (Christopher Benjamin) and Professor George Litefoot (Trevor Baxter) are Victorian London's resident Infernal Investigators. Since meeting each other in Doctor Who: The Talons of Weng-Chiang, they've defended the British Empire from the paranormal and the alien, with the help of loyal barmaid Ellie Higson (Lisa Bowerman) and the dashing Inspector Quick (Conrad Asquith).
Today they return for four brand-new adventures, joined by their official autobiographer Carruthers Summerton (Toby Hadoke). Jago & Litefoot: Series 10 reunites our intrepid duo with old friend, older memories and gives them a glimpse of a terrifying future – with a finale that will change their world forever!
1: The Case of the Missing Gasogene by Simon Barnard & Paul Morris
Investigating the death of Sir Hartley Harecourt's manservant, Jago and Litefoot are caught up in an intriguing locked-room mystery. It's a mystery that involves strange experiments, mysterious scientific formulae, our heroes' greatest admirer, and a missing soda siphon…
2: The Year of the Bat by Jonathan Morris
When a strange package is delivered to Professor Litefoot, they have no idea of the far-reaching implications. Soon Litefoot and Jago find themselves enmeshed in a series of events that began thirty years ago – events their younger selves have already been caught up in…
3: The Mourning After by James Goss
Litefoot is surprised to meet an old friend. But celebrations are rather muted as they and Ellie have just been to the funeral of Henry Gordon Jago. But is Jago really dead? Or has they somehow been transported into a nightmarish future? The truth is both elusive and deeply worrying…
4: The Museum of Curiosities by Justin Richards
At last Carruthers Summerton – the greatest admirer of Jago and Litefoot and their would-be biographer – gets to accompany their heroes on an investigation. But amongst the bizarre murders and strange clues lies a much deeper and far more dangerous mystery. Unsure who they can trust, Jago and Litefoot will find out the truth at the Museum of Curiosities…
Big Finish proudly presents Christopher Benjamin, Trevor Baxter, Lisa Bowerman, Conrad Asquith, Toby Hadoke, John Rowe, Rosanna Miles, Ewan Bailey, Alex Lowe, Blake Ritson, Tracy Wiles, Camilla Power and David Warner in Jago & Litefoot: Series 10, available to buy and download today.
The detectives return next month for a double-disc adventure in Jago & Litefoot & Strax – starring Dan Starkey as Strax the Sontaran, butler to the Paternoster Gang! Check out the trailer below.
Further investigations can be pre-ordered today with Jago & Litefoot: Series 11 released in April 2016. The pair's previous adventures can be found on their product page here.
I've been having a hard time getting my head around the 'hollowing out of the middle class' theme that were seeing so much of. What, exactly, does that mean? And is it actually happening? In a Maclean's post a couple of months ago, I tried looking at it in terms of the proportion of the income distribution that was within a certain distance of the median, and this is what I got:
If the middle class were hollowing out, I would have expected to see a trend to smaller proportions of incomes 'close' to the median. But I don't see that trend in the data.
Soon after that post, Kevin Milligan brought this paper to my attention, which includes these remarkable graphs:
The lower right-hand graphs tell a pretty stark tale: for both sexes in the 25 years between 1981 and 2006, the higher you were in the income distribution, the faster your wages were rising. For men, the picture is particularly striking: the only income growth occurred for those above the median. The dynamics are pretty clear: these income distributions were spreading out.
So where does that first graph - which is also based on the same census Public Use Micro Datafiles - come from? The answer seems to lie in the relative positions of the bottom-right profiles: for a given percentile, the increase in women's wages was systematically higher than for men. Basically, the men who drifted below the median were replaced by women whose incomes were initially lower, but had grown faster.
As I typed that last sentence, it occurred to me that I should go back and check the gender composition of the definitions of the middle class in that first graph. Sure enough, the female share of the middle class (as defined in the graphs) has increased over time. What surprised me is that the female share of the middle class was always greater than 50%.
I'm not sure what to make of this. There is definitely something going very badly wrong with low-skilled men, but I don't think it's helpful to think of it as the hollowing-out of the middle class.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A look back at the actor's career
Actor Richard Briers, best known for their role in TV's The Good Life, has died at the age of 79, their agent has said.
The star, who was also an accomplished stage actor, had been battling a serious lung condition for several years.
Briers died "peacefully" at their London home on Sunday, their agent added.
Briers recently blamed years of smoking for their emphysema.
"It's totally my fault," they said. "So, I get very breathless, which is a pain in the backside. Trying to get upstairs... oh God, it's ridiculous. Of course, when you're bloody nearly 80 it's depressing, because you've had it anyway."
Their agent, Christopher Farrar, said: "Richard was a wonderful man, a consummate professional and an absolute joy to work alongside.
Image caption Briers had a long and successful TV and theatre career
"Following their recent discussion of their battle with emphysema, I know they were incredibly touched by the strength of support expressed by friends and the public.
"He has a unique and special place in the hearts of so many. They will be greatly missed. Our thoughts and deepest sympathy go to their family at this sad time."
In the 1970s BBC sitcom The Good Life, Briers and Felicity Kendal played a married suburban couple who try a self-sufficient lifestyle.
Briers also starred in shows including Marriage Lines, Ever Decreasing Circles, Monarch Of The Glen plus a role in Doctor Who and Torchwood.
They appeared in many films, most recently in British comedy film Cockneys versus Zombies, plus a cameo role in Run For Your Wife, based on Ray Cooney's 1980s stage farce.
Briers narrated the 1970s children's cartoon series Roobarb And Custard and also provided the voice for the character of Fiver in the animated feature Watership Down (1978).
"The nation has lost one of its most favourite actors of all time," said Michael Grade, who ran BBC One when Ever Decreasing Circles was on the air.
"He was up there with Ronnie Barker and Alan Bennett. They were just a treasure. They were so warm and so gently funny, and such a truthful actor."
Speaking to 5 live, Lord Grade added: "If you treated them like a star, I think they got embarrassed. They were one of those wonderful, genuine, professional actors with real star quality but humility to go along with it.
"There was nothing they couldn't do, and they always had a twinkle. You were always pleased to see him. It's just a shock and really, really sad."
Image caption The Good Life: Briers and Felicity Kendal won millions of TV fans with the hit series
"He is a centre-piece of our humorous culture and a magnificently talented man. I'm so deeply sad today that they have left us. They were a great person."
Actress Penelope Keith, who played the snobbish neighbour Margo to Briers' character Tom in The Good Life, said the actor's death was "an enormous loss".
"I look back with enormous affection and love for Dickie. They were the most talented of actors, always self-deprecating. I learnt an awful lot from them during our time on The Good Life," said Keith.
"He was a wonderful mentor, tutor and teacher although that would suggest they imposed themselves on you, which they didn't.
"He was always courteous and they would speak to the crew - which was not always that common. And they were always nervous. It was the most enjoyable time - when I think of The Good Life, I smile."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Richard Briers speaks to Sue Lawley on Desert Island Discs in December 2000
Briers's godson, the actor and director Samuel West, whose mother Prunella Scales was in Marriage Lines, tweeted: "What a lot of joy they spread."
Scales described Briers as "very skilful, very professional, and off screen a dear friend and a very considerate colleague".
Comedian and writer Barry Cryer told 5 live Briers had been an "enormously popular, well-liked man", adding they were a "formidable actor and the most modest, you know, arrogant in their humility!".
After a long career in popular television, Briers joined Kenneth Branagh's Renaissance Theatre Company in 1987, and their career moved on to major classical roles.
They said at the time: "Ken offered me Malvolio in their production of Twelfth Night at the very time I had decided to expand my career when I realised I had gone as far as I could doing sitcoms. As soon as I worked with him, I thought they were truly exceptional."
After playing Malvolio, Briers took on the acting challenge of King Lear, followed by the title role in Uncle Vanya and Menenius in Coriolanus.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Penelope Keith: "He was what it said on the tin; a thoroughly nice chap"
Peter Egan, their co-star in Ever Decreasing Circles, told the BBC: "I spent nearly 10 years just laughing. They were just the most magical comedian, a huge talent, has been a part of the nation's lives for over 50 years.
On film Branagh cast them as Bardolph in Henry V (1989), as Stephen Fry's father in the comedy Peter's Friends (1992), Don Leonato in Much Ado About Nothing (1993), the blind grandfather - playing opposite Robert De Niro's Creature - in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (1994).
Sir Kenneth said on Monday: "He was a national treasure, a great actor and a wonderful man. They were greatly loved and they will be deeply missed."
Stephen Fry tweeted: "How sad. They were the most adorable and funny man imaginable."
Briers are born in London on 14 January, 1934 and was inspired to be an actor by their mother, a music and drama teacher.
They trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and won a scholarship to Liverpool Playhouse in 1956. Two years later they made their first West End appearance in Gilt And Gingerbread.
Their big screen career began with the British features Bottoms Up (1960), Murder They Said (1961), The Girl On The Boat and A Matter of Whom (both 1962) and the multi-national The VIPs (1963), followed by Raquel Welch's spy spoof Fathom (1967).
'Really sad'
Other film credits included Michael Winner's A Chorus Of Disapproval (1989) and the big-screen version of the hit TV series Minder.
Image caption Briers narrated the children's cartoon TV series Roobarb and Custard
Briers returned to the stage many times in their career, and was particularly associated with the works of Alan Ayckbourn, including Relatively Speaking, Absurd Person Singular and Absent Friends.
They were formerly president of Parkinson's UK and later its honorary vice president.
"We're really sad to hear that Richard Briers has passed away. Richard was our honorary vice president and a great supporter of Parkinson's UK," the charity tweeted on Monday.
Briers are awarded the OBE in 1989 and a CBE in 2003. They married the actor Anne Davies in 1956 and had two daughters with them
Listen and Download Here
In February, Austin, TX was rocked by a series of protests over ICE raids that resulted in over 50 immigrants being detained. Despite backlash from school administration, students played an active role in the mobilizations as they staged walk outs, highway take overs and street protests. The oppressive role of police goes beyond killing black and brown people on the street. In this interview AWWP explores the broader function the police and court system serve in their collaboration with ICE in attacking immigrant communities.
Luis is a member of BRRN in Austin and they join us to give insight into the immigration struggle there. He's also involved with ICE Out, an organization that seeks to end the Priority Enforcement Program and all conflation of local law enforcement with Immigration in Austin. Look out for updates as immigration struggles continues to unfold across the country.
Intro music clip: Chingo Bling – Like This and Like That
Hillary Clinton is an old establishment candidate with no new ideas and a bad track record of performance. Benghazi was inexcusable and their email scandal is just the latest in a long list of ineptitude. Since they have no successes to point to, and low prospects of future accomplishments; with the help of dubious media reporting, you are getting a liberal use of the words "bigot," "racist," "party of Wall Street," and other PC slurs to try to salvage this election cycle.
The fact is that Democrats have not earned your support over the past eight years. They have run the hope and change gambit into the ground. The easiest way to measure the health of the economy is to look at all of the empty store fronts in every shopping center and try to remember the last time you got a raise. The easiest way to measure the war on terror is to remember ISIS did not exist before their watch. Finally, we are seeing the results of Obamacare. Health care costs are skyrocketing, not shrinking as promised.
Think about it. They want you to buy a 1959 Cadillac from the junkyard; but if you look close you can see that those big beautiful fins have rusted away. Promises made have not been kept.
Don Miller
James City County
Our precious outdoor spaces are the latest target of City Council cuts.
Twenty years ago, The Grand concourse Walking Trail was created to be a series of linked walking trails that could lead locals and tourists alike through the colourful city of Greater St. John's. It's emphasis is on green spaces, like riverside strolls, with the idea being that these trails could promote outdoor activity, a healthy lifestyle, and a better appreciation of St. John's and Mt. Pearl.
Its funding for expansion, maintenance, and new parks comes from the partnerships this non-profit organization has made with various agencies and philanthropists. One of which used to be the City of St. John's (who once gave Paul Johnson a key to the City for their efforts in spearheading the Grand Concourse).
A press release sent out this morning declares the City is cutting its funding to this award-winning trail system. Council will cut $390,000 the GCA use to maintain the Grand Concourse within the city of St. John's.
If a cut of $390,000 sounds disastrous, consider this: the funding cut is in addition to a cut in annual capital expenditures of about $200,000 that happened just a few years ago. The GCA have sat with City representatives to debate this decision, but to no avail.
The city dropped this bomb on Christmas Eve, stating that they'd cancel the majority of its contract with the GCA by January 1st, 2016, despite the fact the GCA feel this is a breach of a contract — a contract not technically expired until April of 2016.
On their end, the City says they'll handle maintenance of the trails through their own city services, or maybe they'll “send them out to public tender.” The press release boldly asserts, “They believe there is money to be saved … but we believe the city's past record in savings on maintenance has not been particularly successful.”
“The city planners should know the GCA is a non-profit. There is no one getting rich at the taxpayers' expense. We hope that the City's intention is not to save money by neglecting the hard won improvements to our community. We have high standards for our trail maintenance, and because of this we are envied by other communities. The financial savings the City may gain from this outsourcing will be negligible.”
It should be noted that the City also cut funding to Pippy Park, claiming the province ought to fund it since they own it. So, a city known for its arts culture, outdoor life, and colourful small business and entrepreneurial spirit is under attack on all fronts by a council in a hard place who, to many of us, don't seem to agree on what makes this city the city it is.
Moreover, the GCA are worried what benevolent local business people will think of the fact they've recently funded parks that the GCA can no longer maintain on account of this funding cut. “The Grand Concourse built [Bidgood Park] in 2014 and now the City is removing our funding to maintain it. What will future benefactors of our City think when they see the lack of respect the City gives their donation?”
Three suspects are now facing federal charges after allegedly stealing around 50 firearms from a gun shop in Safford, Alabama.
According to the affidavit, the suspects allegedly pried open a metal door, broke an interior door window and crawled into Safford Tire and Hardware early in the morning on May 10.
The suspects–later identified through surveillance video as Jabriel Bell, Fortune Hoppins, and Stanley Young–then stole around 50 firearms from the store and fled the scene. All three had outstanding state arrest warrants for bank robbery.
Officers arrested Bell at the Travelers Inn in Selma on May 11. Bell then admitted to burglarizing the store with Hoppins and Young and told ATF agents they had left a stash of the stolen guns in the woods where they had briefly hid near the store.
ATF agents then tracked down and recovered 23 of the firearms based on Bell's story. All of the recovered weapons listed in the affidavit were semiautomatic pistols.
Hoppins has also been arrested and officers were still trying to locate Young. Three suspects have been charged with stealing firearms.
Rand Paul's foreign policy would be less interventionist than Obama's, and more successful than Bush's or Clinton's
Libertarian-leaning presidential candidate Rand Paul “is, without a doubt, the one Republican who'll be running who is the closest to Obama in their view of foreign policy,” Fox News commentator Charles Krauthammer stated this week.
Without a doubt, Krauthammer is wrong. Whatever similarities may exist between Paul and Obama — and these are few and far between — are superficial. Fundamentally, Paul's foreign policy, which eschews entanglements abroad, hews to an entirely different approach than the one to which Obama and other Republicans align. Paul's foreign policy can be criticized for being risky, for its willingness to let countries operate without U.S. approval. It cannot be criticized for being similar to Obama's, whose interventionist foreign policy simply follows U.S. State Department norms.
To crystallize how different Paul is from all others, consider their approach to foreign aid. Paul would eliminate it altogether, starting with aid to what they deem “haters of America” — countries such as Pakistan, whose leaders are happy to receive U.S. dollars while looking the other way when its citizens burn the American flag.
All other Republican candidates, as does Obama, see foreign aid as a tool to promote U.S. interests abroad, either by dangling it as a bribe to win support or by threatening to cut it off to keep countries in line. Paul is alone in wanting to eliminate this carrot and stick approach to diplomacy in favour of relationships based overwhelmingly on capitalism and free trade. Call this naïve, call it Pollyanna-ish — plausible cases could be made here. There's no case to be made to call it Obama-like.
Obama has used military force in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia and Libya. When most Republican candidates criticize him, it is for using force ineptly, or not at all. Paul stands apart in opposing the very wisdom of most Obama interventions.
The upshot of Paul's approach to diplomacy is to let the locals in faraway parts of the world settle their own disputes, without the U.S. attempting to stage-manage outcomes. Where Obama and almost everyone else along the State Department diplomacy spectrum hold national borders to be sacrosanct, fearing the potential for chaos that could come of separatist tendencies among ethnic groups, Paul would let ethnic parties sort out their own borders and have the chips fall where they may. Their rule is to avoid the perils of war over side shows — the disastrous overthrow of Libya's Gaddafi demonstrates this wisdom in spades — and wage war only when necessary to protect America's central interests, and then only when America can unambiguously win.
The mess in the Middle East provides an example of how Paul's foreign policy differs from Obama's — and from Obama's predecessors, Republicans and Democrats both. In the case of Iran's pursuit of the nuclear bomb, Obama, George Bush and Bill Clinton alternated between sanctions and bribes to bring the Mullahs to heel. None worked, and now Iran is two to three months away from being able to produce its first bomb. A President Paul wouldn't have faced this quandary because they wouldn't have done something their predecessors did — prevent Israel from taking out Iran's bomb-making abilities. Paul's minimalist approach would have seen the problem of a nuclear Iran disappear overnight, and without cost to the U.S. — just as the threat of an Iraqi nuclear bomb under Saddam Hussein and of a Syrian nuclear bomb under Bashar al-Assad disappeared after Israeli bombings.
ISIS, which Paul sees as having grown to become a threat to America, provides another case in point. If the U.S. hadn't directly and indirectly armed rebel groups in the Syrian civil war, President Assad would have made short shrift of ISIS and the other jihadi groups in their country, preventing the growth of ISIS into the preeminent regional threat. Now that ISIS has become a threat, Paul's un-Obama answer is to grant the oil-rich Kurds sovereignty in an independent Kurdistan, sell them arms, and then see this pro-American warrior people mop up ISIS in the Kurdish region. Obama and the State Department have refused to give the Kurdish people their own state for fear of offending Turkey and Iraq, and before that for fear of offending Syria; they prefer to micro-manage the war by cynically giving the Kurds inferior weapons, enough to prevent ISIS from making gains but not so much as to offend Turkey or Iraq.
Paul sees virtue in Arabs fighting their own battles, just as they see virtue in the Kurds and Israelis looking after their own. They see virtue in the Europeans re-arming so that they can look after themselves, too, rather than relying on the U.S. for protection. And they would act on their conviction, by reconfiguring the U.S. military to fight battles that they see are in the American national interest.
Many see Paul as weak on foreign policy, as an outlier who doesn't believe that America needs to take the lead in keeping the world safe.  They are in fact a mainstream American who still believes in the constraints on foreign affairs imposed by the U.S. Constitution, and in the guidance of America's founding fathers. As George Washington said in their farewell address: “The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign nations is in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible.”
Lawrence Solomon is a policy analyst with Probe International. LawrenceSolomon@nextcity.com
A government minister from a nationalist religious party called Thursday for the Jewish Temple to be rebuilt on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
The statement from Housing and Construction Minister Uri Ariel (Jewish Home) breaks a long-standing taboo on high-ranking government officials speaking about changing the fragile status quo on the holy and contested esplanade, and will likely draw ire from official Israeli circles and anger the Arab and Muslim world.
Speaking at an archaeological conference next to the West Bank settlement of Shilo and quoted by Maariv, Ariel called for a third Temple to be built on the site, which today is home to the Dome of the Rock and the al-Aqsa Mosque and is considered Judaism's holiest site and Islam's third holiest.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“We've built many little, little temples,” Ariel said, referring to synagogues, “but we need to build a real Temple on the Temple Mount.”
The Jerusalem site was home to Judaism's first and second Temples, both of which were destroyed, the second one in 70 CE. The idea of building a third Temple, while popular among some religious and right-wing Jews, is considered outside mainstream Israeli discourse by most.
Last year, Jewish Home MK Zevulun Orlev also called for the rebuilding of the Jewish Temple, saying that removing the Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa Mosque would mean that the “billion-strong Muslim world would surely launch a world war.” However, they added, “everything political is temporary and there is no stability.”
Jews are currently banned from praying on the Temple Mount by the Jordanian department of endowments, known as the Wakf, which administers the plaza surrounding the al-Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock.
READER REPORT: Time for dads to lift their game? ANDREW STEVENSON
123RF.com Men go above and beyond for their families, but don't get newspaper articles written about it.
“It's International Women's Day, which always brings out lots of depressing statistics”, according to Fairfax journalist, Susan Edmunds.
I couldn't agree more.
Studies show that women are more educated than men, earn more than men until their late thirties, are generally happier than men, live longer than men, and are treated more leniently by police and judges than men.
Globally, men are also more likely to be victims of violence and are far more likely to die in workplace accidents.
READ MORE:
* Flexibility for fathers part of paygap solution
* Bias against women accounts for 80 per cent of pay gap
* TVNZ told me they wouldn't pay me as much as a man
* Gender pay gap prompts huge response
And, according to a recent BBC article, New Zealand is one of the few countries on the planet where men work longer hours than women; including unpaid labour.
These statistics are indeed depressing; for men.
But we rarely read about this stuff in newspapers because the media generally focuses on problems encountered by women and ignores those faced by men.
They would rather write endless stories about ‘sexist air conditioning' and ‘manspreading' than the feminisation of the education system which has resulted in females massively outperforming males at both school and university level.
As US author and academic Christina Hoff Sommers notes, "Women's groups and the media tend to exaggerate women's vulnerability and ignore the problems faced by men. If the reverse were true — if hundreds of advocacy groups, scholars, journalists and politicians were routinely repeating false statistics that put women in a bad light, or understated their special vulnerabilities, I would be protesting that."
Susan Edmunds does this exact thing when they talk about New Zealand's gender wage gap (which, at 5.6 per cent, is the lowest in the OECD).
One of the statistics that Edmunds refers to is the fact that women generally have less in their KiwiSaver accounts to retire on.
Back up the truck a moment.
When my wife and I retire, chances are that I will indeed have more in my KiwiSaver than her, because I will have earned more than my wife over our lifetimes.
But just who do you think has been paying the mortgage whilst my wife has chosen to take time off to raise our children? Who has been paying for the groceries, the rates, the electricity, the petrol and the insurances? Who pays for the school uniforms, the Netflix subscription and the new tyres on the car?
Feminists seem to think that men get to keep all of the money that we earn and that we spend it all on ourselves. In reality, most men treat their income as household income.
If I have more in my KiwiSaver than my wife when we retire, it isn't as though I'm going to eat filet mignon whilst they have Weet-Bix.
My wife, a tertiary-qualified professional who has earned more than me at times, chose to be the stay-at-home parent. They say they love it. And it is up to them as to if and when they decide to go back to full-time employment.
This is why our household has a wage gap. It isn't ‘sexism', it isn't ‘patriarchy', it is because of the choices that they made.
And, if I'm honest, I didn't get much of a choice. I was basically told that I was going back to work after my ten days of unpaid paternity leave had expired.
My left shoulder is damp.
If that sentence seems out of place, it is because midway through writing this opinion piece, my sick toddler started crying. Whilst comforting him, they threw up all over my shirt.
So, where was I?
Oh yes, “News flash - raising kids is not just women's work. Men need to chip in more”; because we're all lazy Neanderthals who need to lift our game. I remember now.
All across New Zealand, men roll out of bed each morning, devour whatever breakfast their wives have made them, and head off to their fun, exciting, highly-paid jobs.
After work, we cruise home, crack open a beer, turn on the television and put our feet up whilst wifey cooks tea. Then we all watch rugby whilst the missus does the dishes and puts the brats to bed.
Do you want to know what I really did today?
I got up, changed my son's nappy and dressed him. I then made them their porridge with bananas and blueberries, fed him, did the dishes, made my lunch, had a shower and drove to work. I parked my car on a residential street and walked around a kilometre in the pouring rain. I could have paid for parking and stayed dry, but every dollar counts when you're a single-income household. I would rather sit in soggy trousers all day and spend the money on food for my wife and child.
This is the sort of thing that dads all around the country do for their families, but we don't get newspaper articles written about it.
In contrast, the media routinely tells us just how awesome women are and how hard they work (which nobody is denying).
Take, for example, the Daily Mail story that felt the need to list the ‘59 tasks that the average woman completes each day'.
At work, I was flat-out for ten hours; only leaving my desk for 10 minutes to go and get a coffee. Then, I drove home and immediately got into a game of hide-and-seek with my son. I only get to play with them for around 20 minutes each day, so every moment is precious. Then, I scoffed down some dinner and did the dishes; before bath-time, story-time and bed-time.
I literally do not remember the last time I went to a pub or watched a television programme. I rarely even find time to exercise thesedays; and even if I had the time, I am constantly exhausted.
But apparently, I need to lift my game and chip in more.
My wife's day included swimming, baking muffins and having a nap. Of course, that isn't all it involved.
Being a stay-home parent is damn hard work; I can see that for myself on weekends. That is, when I'm not busy washing the car, mowing the lawn or shopping for groceries.
But, overall, being a full-time parent seems to be more fun and rewarding than most jobs.
Here's my point. These incessant misandry-laden articles that overstate the problems faced by women, demonise men and ignore any disadvantages encountered by blokes will not win feminists any support. Rather, they make these women seem petty and vindictive, and this drives people away from feminism.
In the UK, less than 8 per cent of women identifies as ‘feminists', according to a leading women's advocacy group.
What will win you support is balance, fairness, rationality and decency.
If you scroll down to the comments section, chances are that you will find words like ‘mansplaining' and ‘male privilege'. This only serves to prove my point.
The fact that some people have made up bullying and condescending gendered terms in order to try to silence and ridicule men is evidence of there being a lack of decency, fairness and balance when it comes to discussing gender equality.
If feminists want men to ‘chip in' and to ‘lift their game', they might want to stop bullying, shaming and ridiculing them.
Comments
Dennis Fong's Raptr is a utility that has made a name for itself in the PC GPU space in a relatively short period of time. After pivoting off of their original designs to be a chat client, the company struck a deal with AMD in 2013 to become a quasi-second party GPU utility developer. As part of their AMD partnership, Raptr provided AMD with a branded version of their client (AMD Gaming Evolved App) and its game settings recommendation service, and more recently Raptr has added other GPU-centric features like GameDVR hardware accelerated game recording. The partnership has been fruitful for both companies, with AMD and their users gaining access to new software features and Raptr in turn getting promoted by AMD and included in AMD's driver downloads.
Between Raptr/GEA and NVIDIA's GeForce Experience, both of the major dGPU providers now offer game settings recommendations and game recording through their respective applications. In fact the only PC GPU that there isn't a similar utility for is Intel's iGPUs, and this week at GDC Intel and Raptr have revealed that this will be changing.
Being announced this week is a new partnership between Intel and Raptr that will see Raptr's GPU features extended to support Intel's GPUs. This means that Raptr will be gaining the ability to use Intel's QuickSync encoder for their GameDVR feature, Raptr's driver update checking & notifications, and Raptr's settings recommendation service will soon be able to profile performance on and generate settings for Intel's GPUs as well. This deal essentially brings Intel up to parity with AMD on the utility front, offering the same features as AMD through what is fundamentally the same software.
Unlike the AMD partnership however there are a few differences, especially at the hardware level. While AMD offers a complete range of GPUs, Intel only focuses on the low-end with integrated GPUs. Which means that for Intel, a good game settings recommendations service is especially important because the lower performance of their GPUs means games will often require extra tweaking to be made playable on their GPUs, and all the while there is no significant extra performance margin to absorb suboptimal settings. It's important to keep in mind just how incredibly large the Intel HD Graphics user base is, which means that any improvements Intel invests in here will pay off in bulk, making the reward/effort ratio quite high.
More broadly speaking, Intel also benefits from the Raptr service since the performance recommendation service is a continually updating service, offering something Intel and game devs cannot. Intel actually already does performance profiling for new games, and Raptr will be getting this data as well in order to create their initial recommendations. However once put in motion, Raptr's crowd source data collection mechanism means that in the future they can adapt to things like driver performance improvements and use that data to provide newer, better recommendations. And with Raptr offering driver update notifications (something Intel's control panel does not), users will be more likely to have regularly updated drivers that offer the best performance for a given game.
Meanwhile from a business perspective there will also be a few important differences between the Intel and AMD deals. Unlike AMD, Intel will not be receiving a branded application (GEA) and instead Intel users will be directed to use the stock application. Intel will also not be bundling the application with their drivers like AMD does. What Intel will be doing instead is offering the Raptr client for download from their website – http://www.intel.com/raptr – and Intel will also be encouraging OEMs to bundle the Raptr client with their prebuilt systems. This partnership means that Raptr will have a much slower rollout on Intel systems, but if the OEMs go ahead and bundle it then in the long run the end-user uptake could be much higher.
Wrapping things up, as of this publication time Intel's Raptr site has already gone live. Meanwhile Raptr users should see an increasing amount of support for Intel HD Graphics in the game settings service as the service continues to ramp up its data sets.
Often a given year's publishing calendar is lopsided — the heavyweight books come out in September, after the literary mind has been thoroughly and evenly baked by the summer sun. But not this year! After a spirited April, we're seeing a wise and hilarious May. One-of-a-kind acts of literary brilliance? Maggie Nelson's The Argonauts and Nell Zink's Mislaid. Clear-eyed interventions in American life? Try Susan Neiman's Why Grow Up? or n+1‘s City by City. There is even a potential science-fiction masterpiece in Neal Stephnenson's Seveneves. If we project our minds to the end of 2015, my guess is that we'll see many of these on those lists of “best” and “notable” books.
The Argonauts, Maggie Nelson (Graywolf, May 5)
A brief work of “autotheory” — it combines memoir, criticism, and, well, thought-in-motion — and one of the best books of 2015, Maggie Nelson's The Argonauts considers pregnancy, gender fluidity, and romance in light of the limit-testing power of language.
Why Grow Up? Subversive Thoughts for an Infantile Age, Susan Neiman (FSG, May 5)
Philosopher Susan Neiman restores some measure of sanity to the discussion of age, infantilism, “growing up,” and all of its attendant fussing. Hopefully this considered, often brilliant book will shape the discourse on maturity for the foreseeable future.
The Making of Zombie Wars, Aleksandar Hemon (FSG, May 5)
One of our most revered novelists-in-his-prime, Hemon switches it up (sort of) with The Making of Zombie Wars — quite possibly their funniest book.
Breezeway: New Poems, John Ashbery (Ecco, May 12)
Often hilarious an unerringly wise, Breezeway is the best of Ashbery's recent work. Who could expect less from the English language's greatest living poet?
City by City: Dispatches from the American Metropolis, ed. Stephen Squibb and Keith Gessen (n+1, May 12)
A much-needed reflection on the state of the our cities (big or small) drawn from contributors to n+1, this collection of essays runs the gamut — funny, serious, sad, but, most of all, deeply concerned about life in a crumbling America.
The Happiness Industry: How the Government and Big Business Sold Us Well-Being, William Davies (Verso, May 12)
In a nutshell: “our emotions have become a new resource to be bought and sold.” Davies investigates the myriad ways that our “pursuit of happiness” is predetermined by business, finance, and government — who profit immensely from it.
Mislaid, Nell Zink (Ecco, May 19)
Nell Zink's The Wallcreeper was the most impressive debut of 2014. Here, only months later, is their second novel, the hilarious and genius Mislaid, which restores a kind of Whitmania to American fiction, by which I mean that it convincingly covers race, class, gender, and sexuality in the briefest of spaces with the sharpest of minds.
Seveneves, Neal Stephenson (William Morrow, May 19)
For many, this is the most anticipated science-fiction novel of the year. And with good reason: it is a “grand story of annihilation and survival spanning 5000 years” from the author of Snowcrash and Cryptonomicon.
The Odd Woman and the City: A Memoir, Vivian Gornick (FSG, May 19)
A wonderful and clear-eyed memoir of Gornick's time in New York City that doubles as an appreciation of friendship — which more and more avails itself as the most important theme of our time.
Loving Day, Mat Johnson (Spiegel & Grau, May 26)
Mat Johnson is best known for their excellent Pym, but now they will likely be best known for their novel Loving Day, a story of literal and figurative ghosts wherein a man named Warren meets their daughter, who has been raised to believe they are white. Lucid, poignant, sane — it's what we hope for in American fiction.
"I hate to admit it to myself, and would really hate to admit it to my friends, but... I love this story! I, I... I love reading! I'm an egghead."No you're not hallucinatingor seeing thingsthis is a brand new title card that took me all day to complete.I apologize for the stupidly long wait for another of these. But I was stuck on ideas for some of the episodes and felt my skills in digital painting at the time were not quite ready for them also I have been busy with my new job and commissions so there's that for a counterargument.But good news, I have at least four planed cards that may be done before our fourth season of pony starts have to see.Now I need to work on the process piece showing the stage-by-stage completion because i said i would do it in my last title card submission.I think you all should see the development of these pieces.MLP title cards because the creative team behind the show deserves it.I want to make one for every episode with its own quirky style that best suits that particular episode. So far I have managed almost all season one and bits of season 2 and 3.At some point I am going to go back and edit the older cards to be up to par with the standard of my newer ones because some of the designs and finishes really bug me especially Sleepless in Ponyville.Link to the series gallery jowybean.deviantart.com/galler… I know I repeat myself a lot in descriptions but that's how Jowyand always shall..... sometimesUntil next deviation LATERS Broniespainted in Photoshop CS6 with my Wacom tablet 5is this CuteWinFail
Two special events are coming to stores around the world, with prizes and formats you won't want to miss!
Dino-Sized Weekend
The weekend of October 28–29, stores around the world will be able to celebrate the world of Ixalan by hosting six-pack Sealed events, three-pack Draft events, and very special dino-sized Draft events using four packs of Ixalan instead of three!
These events will have very special prizes: mini-posters featuring never-before-seen Ixalan-inspired art! The artwork for the posters will be revealed soon, so check with your local store to find out how you can get your hands on one.
Ixalan Mid-Season League
Running November 6 through December 3, stores can run Ixalan Mid-Season Leagues. This League will follow the same format as previous Leagues, allowing you to build a 30-card deck from three Ixalan booster packs. Players can add a new pack each week for the duration of the League, as well as an additional pack after three losses.
Players who complete ten matches can claim a premium foil Unclaimed Territory promo card for themselves!
With the recent release of HAML 3.1, I decided to venture into its depths to figure out what makes it tick. What beasts lurk in the bowels of a templating system?
HAML is a templating language that allows you to write HTML using a terse syntax:
%article %h1 My great article %p Here is the text of my article
Which compiles to:
<article> <h1>My great article</h1> <p>Here is the text of my article</p> </article>
--ADVERTISEMENT--
It allows some extra nifty thing such as inline Ruby blocks that are closed by the significant whitespace. No doubt it has some interesting tricks up its sleeve.
Let's go on safari.
Safari Time
As always, start by grabbing the code:
git clone git://github.com/nex3/haml
I encourage you to read it alongside this article.
There are two places I always start when investigating a library: the README, and the main require. Unfortunately most libraries don't have a guide to diving into the code in their README, but it doesn't hurt to look. For HAML we find some very nice user documentation, but nothing to point us in the right direction. That's OK though, since we are greeted with a very nice comment in lib/haml.rb that makes me smile:
# lib/haml.rb # The module that contains everything Haml-related: # # * {Haml::Engine} is the class used to render Haml within Ruby code. # * {Haml::Helpers} contains Ruby helpers available within Haml templates. # * {Haml::Template} interfaces with web frameworks (Rails in particular). # * {Haml::Error} is raised when Haml encounters an error. # * {Haml::HTML} handles conversion of HTML to Haml.
We've found our guide! Class and Module levels headers like this are a godsend. You can write the nicest code in the world, but the sheer weight of it can be intimidating for new developers. Welcome developers in to your codebase.
It looks like Haml::Engine is going to be the money ticket, and opening up lib/haml/engine.rb we are welcomed by another comment that pays jackpot.
# This is the frontend for using Haml programmatically. # It can be directly used by the user by creating a # new instance and calling {#render} to render the template. # For example: # # template = File.read('templates/really_cool_template.haml') # haml_engine = Haml::Engine.new(template) # output = haml_engine.render # puts output
Let's play along at home with irb , and confirm that the suggested syntax does in fact work. Lauch irb from within the HAML directory. -I is a flag that adds a directory to the load path.
$ irb -Ilib irb> require 'haml' irb> Haml::Engine.new("%b hello").render => "<b>hello</b>"
Search for “def initialize” in lib/haml/engine.rb to find our entry point. There are a lot of lines here, the trick to efficient reading when just trying to get the gist of a library is to be able to quickly skip over code that is unimportant to get to the guts of the program. Usually this means skipping over assignments and searching for method calls. I'll often also work from the bottom up, starting at the return value. Typically methods are structured setup-action-return, and at the moment we are interested in the last two. Most of #initialize is variable setup, but right near the end you will find a very intersting line:
# lib/haml/engine.rb:124 compile(parse)
Our first insight! It would appear HAML separates parsing of the document from the compilation down to HTML. This is a standard technique, separating out two very different concerns.
Parsing
Parsing is the act of taking a representation (in this case our HAML template) and preparing it for output to another representation (HTML). You can find the parsing code in lib/haml/parser.rb , either by search the project for “def parse” or by noticing to include of Parser at the top of Haml::Engine . Starting at the bottom of the method, we see it is returning the instance variable @root . This is handy — since Parser is included as a module into the Engine class, we should be able to easily inspect this instance variable. We can use the instance_eval method to evaluate code in the context of any object, giving us access to even private methods and instance variables. This is a really bad idea for production code, but it's a great exploration tool.
irb> input = "%article ... sample from above ..." irb> Haml::Engine.new(input).instance_eval { @root } => (root nil (tag {:name=>"article", :value=>nil} (tag {:name=>"h1", :value=>"My great article"}) (tag {:name=>"p", :value=>nil} (plain {:text=>"Here is the text of"}) (plain {:text=>"my article"}))) (haml_comment {:text=>""})) irb> Haml::Engine.new(input).instance_eval { @root }.class => Haml::Parser::ParseNode irb> Haml::Engine.new(input).instance_eval { @root }.children.map(&:class) => [Haml::Parser::ParseNode, Haml::Parser::ParseNode] # (I edited out some extra values from the hashes for clarity.)
The parse method is creating a tree of Haml::Parser::ParseNode , creating an abstract representation of our document. In other words, this representation is not tied to the fact that our input was a string. This decouples the syntax of HAML from the output, which results in a nicer architecture. Note that there is always one special root node to attach the rest of the tree to.
Let's delve into the parsing a bit more. Scanning the parse method, we get the following basic structure:
while next_line process_indent # decrease nesting if needed process_line if block_opened? increase nesting end end close open tags
There are two main functions here: dealing with indentation, and parsing the line. I'll focus on the latter here, and leave reading the indentation code as an exercise for you to work on (see the end of the article). Once again, I'll take a skeleton view of process_line :
case first_char_of_line when '%'; push tag(text) when '.'; push div(text) # ... other cases else; push plain(text) end
The tag , div and plain methods construct and return ParseNode objects, while push adds the node to the current node's children.
Making our own
We now have enough of an idea of how the parsing side of HAML works to try and put together a script ourselves. This helps to confirm that we have read the code correctly, and also to cement any knowledge we've learned. Let's create a simple parser that will be able to transform our sample document from above into a tree of nodes, by starting with a simple case ignoring indentation.
require 'test/unit' class HamlParserTest < Test::Unit::TestCase def test_one_line_plain tree = HamlParser.new("hello").parse assert_equal 1, tree.children.size assert_equal :plain, tree.children[0].type assert_equal 'hello', tree.children[0].data[:value] end def test_one_line_tag_with_value tree = HamlParser.new("%em hello").parse assert_equal 1, tree.children.size assert_equal :tag, tree.children[0].type assert_equal 'em', tree.children[0].data[:name] assert_equal 'hello', tree.children[0].data[:value] end end class HamlParser class Node < Struct.new(:type, :data) attr_accessor :children attr_accessor :parent # Used in next example def initialize(*args) super self.children = [] end end def initialize(string) @string = string end def parse @root = Node.new(:root, {}) @root.children = @string.lines.map do |line| parse_line(line) end @root end def parse_line(line) case line[0] when ?% name, value = line[1..-1].split(' ') Node.new(:tag, :name => name, :value => value) else Node.new(:plain, :value => line) end end end
Test::Unit is the unit testing framework provided in Ruby's standard library. If you run this file you will see that it automatically runs the tests specified. It's a great way to quickly build out a small project like this one. I've shaped the code similarly to the HAML code, with a parse_line method that switches on the first character of the line, and a root node to hold the tree.
To support indentation, we need to set the parser up so it has a concept of the current node to add children to (instead of always adding to root as per our first example), and also of the current depth. To facilitate this, we will add a parent accessor to nodes so that we can traverse both down and up the tree. This version is actually a bit simpler than the HAML code, but it gets the job done for now.
require 'test/unit' class HamlParser < Test::Unit::TestCase def test_tag_with_nested_value tree = HamlParser.new("%em hello").parse assert<em>equal 1, tree.children.size assert</em>equal :tag, tree.children[0].type assert<em>equal 'em', tree.children[0].data[:name] assert</em>equal 'hello', tree.children[0].children[0].data[:value] end end
class HamlParser # Node and initialize as above def parse @root = Node.new(:root, {}) @parent = @root @depth = 0 @string.lines.each do |line| process_indent(line) push parse_line(line.strip) end @root end def process_indent(line) indent = line[/^s+/].to_s.length / 2 if indent > @depth @parent = @parent.children.last @depth = indent end end def push(node) @parent.children << node node.parent = @parent end def parse_line(line) # ... as above end end
This is a good start, and it parses our initial example code, but there is plenty more to do:
Fix process_indent in our example so it also “de-indents” correctly.
in our example so it also “de-indents” correctly. It's hard to visualise our parser output because the default Ruby inspect implementation doesn't include a node's children. Override Node#inspect to provide a nice output like HAML does.
implementation doesn't include a node's children. Override to provide a nice output like HAML does. The HAML parser actually keeps track of two lines at once, rather than one as our parser does. Read through the HAML code to find instances of where this is useful.
Let us know how you go in the comments. Join me next week as I continue working through the second half of the process: the compile step.
Enjoy this article and have something to say? RubySource is currently seeking regular Ruby writers for paid work, check out to Write for Us page and get in touch
As an undeclared voter living in the critical swing state of Ohio, James Chapman is accustomed to intense appeals from the presidential campaigns. But on Tuesday, the Springfield resident received a handwritten letter urging them to support John Kerry - from a stranger in England.
He's not alone. Last week The Guardian, a British newspaper, launched a campaign called Operation Clark County, which provides interested readers with the mailing addresses of undeclared voters in Clark County, Ohio - where President Bush lost in the 2000 election by 324 votes.
The novel effort is creating a stir. More than 14,000 of the paper's generally left-leaning readers have sent impassioned pleas. Many Americans - evidently disconcerted by their unsolicited British pen pals - have written back, in language not fit for a family newspaper.
This transatlantic correspondence embodies the differences between European and American politics. But it also underscores an almost desperate political energy on the part of Europeans who feel a growing alarm at the unilateral policies of the United States since Sept. 11.
Indeed, Europeans - and American expatriates on the Continent - have never watched a US presidential race with greater interest. And The Guardian's effort is but the latest bid to offer European spectators a chance to enter the American political fray.
In Spain, both Cynthia Dillon, director of that country's chapter of Republicans Abroad, and Juan Verde, chairperson of its section of Americans Overseas for Kerry, agree that Europeans are paying far greater attention to these elections because so much is at stake.
Ms. Dillon, a jewelry designer who has lived in Spain for the last fifteen years, says that, for Europeans, these elections will determine nothing less than "civilization as we know it."
Mr. Verde, who was born in Spain, adds that, "These elections will determine the political tone for the next 20 years."
Menzies Campbell, a member of Parliament, wrote a letter to a Clark County voter that was published by The Guardian. "Your British friends are concerned that the rule of law has been abandoned in Guantánamo, and your willingness to adopt a right of preemption in security makes us nervous that the multilateralism that sustained American and Europe for so long is, if not being abandoned, at least being severely modified," they wrote in part.
Their sentiment is shared across Europe.
Mary Paul Jesperson, Denmark's representative for the Kerry group, has observed the same development. "There's tremendous interest here - Danish TV showed 'Outfoxed' [a documentary critical of Fox News] last week, and they broadcast the debates for the first time too."
Henry Nickel, chair of the German chapter of Republicans Abroad, has noted a significant increase in the number of Germans who ask them to come speak about the American electoral system.
Not surprisingly, sentiment in Europe is running largely against President Bush.
An international poll released Friday showed that nearly two-thirds of Europeans oppose Bush.
Crispian Smith, board member of the Dutch branch of Democrats Abroad, says those findings may actually underestimate many Europeans' antipathy toward the President. "I haven't met one Dutch person who doesn't have a very strong opinion that George Bush has made a mess of things," Smith says.
Perhaps because of that opposition, The Guardian is not alone in its attempts to involve Europeans in the US election.
An Amsterdam-based website, Tell- anAmericantoVote.com, allows Europeans to send their American expatriate friends an e-mail with links to online registration forms. The site was originally designed, says founder Claire Taylor, with the Dutch in mind.
"They were highly motivated to help get out the American vote, but didn't have any outlet," says Taylor. "Now they can send e-mails saying, 'I can't vote, but you can.' It gives them a sense of having done something."
That was the idea behind The Guardian's campaign as well. "We realized that we were paying more attention to American politics than to our own," says assistant features editor Paul MacInnes, "and we wanted to give people a means of voicing their concerns."
Clearly, many of the paper's readers had concerns: as of Monday, more than 14,000 had requested an Ohio "pen pal" of their own.
MacInnes emphasizes that the paper doesn't see its campaign as meddling.
"We're not going to be affected by changes to Medicare or job creation schemes," they observe, "but we are the biggest partner in the coalition in Iraq, and we are the biggest trading partner with the States, and there is a lot of concern amongst our readership about the environment. We're just trying to offer another view-point."
But Mark Rozell, professor of public policy at George Mason University, says the effort may backfire. "Americans don't take too well to outside meddling in their electoral process," they say.
Rozell, who writes frequently about the electoral process, doubts the letter-writing campaign will help John Kerry. "It demonstrates their [The Guardian's] naïvete about how Americans view their own elections," they say.
American responses to The Guardian certainly appear to bear out Rozell's warning.
Although the newspaper has received some supportive emails from the US, it has also, in the words of MacInnes, gotten "a lot of bile."
One of the more printable responses begins, "Dear Limey $%*...." MacInnes admits that, "We've had a lot of 'Euroweenies' and bad dentistry jokes and 'We hauled you out of two world wars.' The Rush Limbaugh school of communication."
Back in Clark County, Linda Rosica, director of the local Board of Elections, says they too have received e-mails and phone calls from "appalled" citizens.
"They tell me, 'We don't care who their prime minister is; why do they care who our president is?'" But in a county where nearly 60,000 registered voters have not declared a party affiliation, most have paid little heed to the surge of mail from England.
Michelle Everhart, who is covering the story for the local Springfield News Sun, says, "There hasn't been much of an uproar."
James Chapman was hardly bothered by the unexpected correspondence. "He thought it was really well written, and got right to the point," says their wife, Tammy. "But they were going to vote for Kerry anyway."
The carbon math works out like this: by taking their Falcon 900 to Denmark, Mr. Bloomberg will be responsible for the release of 37 times the carbon dioxide than if they and their entourage flew on a scheduled commercial flight. The calculations were done at my request by Dimitri Simos, the developer of software used by the airline industry to assess aircraft emission and performance. Mr. Simos said that a Falcon 900 carrying eight people from Newark to Copenhagen would produce 21.6 tons of carbon dioxide. By adding eight people to the scheduled Scandinavian Airlines flight, the aircraft, usually an Airbus A330-300, would produce an additional 0.58 tons of carbon dioxide.
Mr. Bloomberg's routine trips to Bermuda are even more carbon costly: the private jet produces 130 times more emissions than going commercial. On those jaunts, Mr. Simos said, the Falcon produces 4.3 tons of carbon dioxide; putting another two people on an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 that flies to Bermuda would produce only 66 more pounds.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This is not Bloombergian hypocrisy; it is a paradox, shared by most humankind. I've lived within a block or two of a subway station since birth, yet owned a car since I got a driver's license. There is a long list of public figures — from movie stars to politicians to journalists — who preach conservation for everyone else, while living in mega-homes and flying in Gulfstreams. It is probably not a good idea for the rest of us to look down our noses at people who cannot resist such temptations until we can afford them ourselves.
In the case of Mr. Bloomberg, their addiction to private jets is striking because in so many other parts of their life, they appear fastidious about shared resources. The lighting and electronic gear in their family foundation building use 20 percent less energy than typical offices; the foundation recycles rainwater to irrigate a green roof; even most of the construction and demolition debris were recycled.
Moreover, you can watch generations of elected officials — at all levels — come and go without having the nerve, wisdom or generosity to grapple with tomorrow's tough problems. You see just the opposite with Mr. Bloomberg's PlaNYC, a set of strategies to make the city habitable and more efficient in 2030, complete with goals that must be met each year.
Those who have flown in private jets say they have much to recommend them — none of this arriving at the airport two hours ahead of time and taking off your shoes to get to the boarding gate. You drive up to the hangar, get on, and the flight attendant brings a glass of wine and a plate of sushi. The business aviation industry says that its jets are getting more efficient and that they account for a tiny fraction of human-made carbon emissions. They are very expensive to operate, but even when Mr. Bloomberg travels on official business, they always pick up expenses for himself, their staff and the police security detail.
As it happens, Mr. Bloomberg is also a great public evangelist for high nutritional standards, but shakes salt on their pizza and loves a Big Mac.
There is a lesson here for everyone, whether they are in Copenhagen or New York or elsewhere. Human beings will produce as many tons of carbon emissions as they can afford. And we'll have the fries with that.
Buy Photo The recently restored Treymore apartment building is seen, Friday Dec. 9, 2016, following a ribbon cutting event in Midtown. (Photo: Steve Perez / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — The rent, quality and restoration was so stunning that Antonio McClure couldn't pass it up.
That's the lure for McClure, 25, and others who will be moving into a newly renovated 28-unit affordable housing building in the city's Midtown neighborhood once known for its urban decay but now sprouts fruits of revitalization.
The ribbon cutting for the low and moderate income dwelling brought the likes of Mayor Mike Duggan and others to tout the progress city officials, developers and investors are making in a city once known for broken-down and abandoned but still-stately buildings like The Treymore.
“I see the city is getting better and things are coming back. And I definitely want my kids to be a part of it,” said McClure, as they stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the mayor and held tight to their two young children. He's moving soon from Warren back to the city they lived in until their family left when they were a fourth-grader. “As soon as I have seen this...and I called them...I immediately wanted it. It's perfect.”
The Treymore, which had been vacant and abandoned for more than 20 years, is a four-story, 30,000 square foot building on Brainard that received a $7 million renovation. The apartments, with exposed brick in some of the rooms and hallways, will go from $551 to $575 a month for a one-bedroom, to $655 to $750 for a two-bedroom unit.
Instead of being used by their son as a backdrop for a zombie movie, Robin Scovill, the president and CEO of Paradise Valley Investment Group which gutted and rehabbed the building, it's being touted as a “epic occasion.”
“My son, when they were 14, they shot a zombie film inside this building and I can tell you with the peeling paint, the exposed bones, it was a wicked location for a zombie film,” Scovill said. “With the help of a lot of people, we hit a lot of bullseyes with this project.”
Scovill said it was an arduous process to deal with a myriad of problems including the sinking foundation but with help from various grants and tax credits, the development became a reality. Although they own other properties in the city, this was their first major renovation project, they said.
Duggan said there are several more renovations like this in the “pipeline” to help transform the city. At least 8 or 10 projects, they said, have been approved in the past month.
“This is the city we're trying to build,” Duggan said. “You got a couple blocks north of here, we've got the Strathmore, an eight-story apartment building that was vacant for a long time that is now affordable housing. Then today the Treymore, 28 units, an apartment building that has been vacant for 20 years. We're making a real commitment whether it's downtown, Midtown, Palmer Woods, wherever, that every neighborhood in this city is going to have a place for everybody.”
Sen. Coleman Young II, D-Detroit, said Detroiters once saw areas with decay and “basically see an area that's dying.” But with the Treymore and other renovations, there's a rebirth.
Of Scovill, Young said “he saw life and they saw opportunity.”
“He saw opportunity for people who needed to have apartments and look at places who were never able to afford it,” Young said. “He saw people who were struggling in the city of Detroit and be able to have part of the American dream is a place and a home, a place to lay their head, a place to have with their families.”
And that's how McClure, who will be renting a one-bedroom apartment, sees it. And they couldn't stop smiling.
“Everything is newly remodeled inside, everything is brand new,” McClure said. “This is beautiful.”
lfleming@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2620
Twitter: @leonardnfleming
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2h7o0BE
A while back I proposed that we replace the old static Ubuntu Community site, which looked a bit like this, with something a little more dynamic.
So today we are replacing the static site with an instance of discourse, which looks a bit like this
You can go back and read that blog post for the full rationale but essentially it boils down to two aims:
We want to improve community communication
We want to smooth the onboarding process for new contributors.
Since the blog post I have spent some time getting feedback from people in the Ubuntu community and we've had a bunch of great tips and suggestions to ensure the site works effectively.
The site is now live at https://community.ubuntu.com/ - I'd welcome new and existing Ubuntu community members to head on over and take a look. We have opted to exclusively use Ubuntu SSO for authentication, so you won't need to remember a new password.
A prototype site was stood-up which allowed us to shake out installation and setup issues, and build the initial categories and theme. We created a basic Ubuntu branded theme which will do for the initial site launch, but could certainly be improved upon - CSS experts welcome here!
We ported the existing content over from the static site into the documentation category. These have been converted to ‘wiki posts' so they can continue to be easily expanded, refined and improved by future visitors. I'd welcome our active community members to re-review those periodically and help us to make them an accurate and welcoming starting point for new contributors.
We created a few “seed” posts thanks to Will Cooke from the Desktop team, and Jean Baptiste on the subject of QA.
We have a few initial categories to get things started. Desktop for discussion of the Ubuntu Desktop, where we expect there to be a lot of interest as the 17.10 release approaches, and people discover the new GNOME default desktop. The Quality topic is for co-ordination and announcements of QA activities, such as ISO testing, or where we have interesting new things landing which need wider validation.
The Events topic was created for discussion of Ubuntu-related events. These could be meet-ups, UbuCons, Ubuntu Hours or any other appropriate in person or virtual advocacy activities. If you're thinking of planning an event and want to discuss it with people who have trodden this path before, this is the place to do it. It would also be great to see posts in there after events have happened, detailing how things went, what activities were well received, and how things could be improved.
The Site Feedback section and Uncategorised sections should speak for themselves. We will of course take a view on whether more categories are required as and when particular topics break out from the existing ones. For now, the existing ones should be sufficient, but if not, let us know.
Finally, the site is very specifically not for technical support, so I've explained this in the Support & Help Requests category to make it clear. The site isn't designed to be a replacement for all the other great places users can get technical help. So we've linked to them in the category description.
I'd like to thank Gustavo Neimeyer for standing up the site prototype. I'd also like to thank Nathan Haines, Simon Quigley, Marius Quabeck, Will Cooke, Martin Wimpress and Didier Roche for all their work in keeping this little project pointing in the right direction.
Head on over to https://community.ubuntu.com/, and get involved! :)
Russian President Vladimir Putin has placed one of their fiercest critics on the Interpol wanted list in what Bill Browder says is retaliation for Canada's passage of a bill last week that lets the federal government sanction human-rights abusers.
Mr. Browder, who has led the international campaign against Russia over the killing of Russian tax lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, said Mr. Putin instructed their prosecutor office's to list them on Interpol's wanted list through a diffusion notice on Oct. 17, one day before the Canadian version of the U.S. Magnitsky Act became law. A diffusion notice is less formal than an Interpol red notice but can also be used to request the arrest or location of an individual.
The notice means Mr. Browder cannot leave Britain, where they live, without risking arrest at a border crossing. They had plans to travel to Canada on Oct. 31 with the family of Mr. Magnitsky so they could meet the Canadian parliamentarians who made Bill S-226 possible. Mr. Magnitsky was killed by prison staff in a Moscow jail in 2009, and the law is meant to sanction human-rights abusers around the world.
Story continues below advertisement
Campbell Clark: The latest entry in post-realist Russia: Putin's surreal reaction to Canada's Magnitsky law
When it comes to Magnitsky laws, it's clear what Russia is looking for
"I'd like to clear this up as quickly as I can so we can come with the Magnitsky family and honour the great work of Parliament and the Senate in getting this Magnitsky law passed," Mr. Browder told The Globe and Mail on Monday morning from London.
Mr. Browder hired Mr. Magnitsky as the lawyer for their Moscow-based Hermitage Capital Management hedge fund in 2005. Mr. Magnitsky was arrested in 2008 and died in prison in 2009 after accusing Russian officials of theft. Investigations by Russia's human-rights council eventually concluded they were beaten to death by prison staff.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale's office said Canada "strongly disagrees" with Russia's placement of Mr. Browder on the Interpol wanted list. Spokesperson Scott Bardsley said that being on an Interpol wanted list does not necessarily affect admissibility to Canada, as it is up to the police of jurisdiction in each country to decide whether they will arrest someone who is subject to an Interpol notice.
"This measure is completely inappropriate, and an abuse of the Interpol wanted list. Mr. Browder has been a strong advocate for human rights and transparency," Mr. Bardsley said.
This marks the fifth time that Russia has listed Mr. Browder on Interpol's wanted list. Prior notices for Mr. Browder were rejected by the world's largest international police organization after it deemed them politically motivated.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Russian embassy in Ottawa directed questions about Mr. Browder's "status as a fugitive criminal wanted for large scale financial fraud and tax evasion" to Interpol on Monday. Interpol did not respond to a request for comment.
Mr. Browder said they knew something was wrong last Thursday when the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) e-mailed them to tell them that their global entry status, which provides them with expedited clearance upon arrival in the United States, had been revoked. They then tried to check into a U.S.-bound flight but received a notice saying their Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA), which is required for them to enter the United States under global entry status, was not valid.
After making a few calls to law-enforcement officials, they discovered that Russia had listed them on the Interpol wanted to list last Tuesday. Mr. Browder, a U.S.-born financier, renounced their American citizenship in 1998 when they moved to Britain.
Mr. Browder said their ESTA was restored Wednesday night, but their U.S. global entry status still remained revoked.
U.S. Senators John McCain and Ben Cardin issued a joint statement Monday calling on the DHS to "expedite an immediate review of the decision to revoke Mr. Browder's visa." The DHS did not respond to a request for comment.
Mr. Browder said Russia's move is retaliation for Canada's passage of the Magnitsky law. It's the latest in a continuing confrontation between them and the Kremlin.
Story continues below advertisement
Documents provided to Mr. Browder by the Magnitsky family lawyer show that Russian prosecutors are now claiming that Mr. Browder murdered Mr. Magnitsky. The Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation claimed in 2016 that Mr. Browder colluded with an unidentified agent of MI6, Britain's foreign intelligence service, to "cause death of S.L. Magnitsky" by denying them medical care, according to a Russian court docket. Mr. Browder shared the docket, which was translated from Russian to English, with The Globe.
The theory was first suggested in a 2016 documentary on Russian state television.
"It shows that Putin is completely losing their cool and is starting to get desperate about the rollout of Magnitsky acts all over the world," Mr. Browder said.
Mr. Browder said the case against them has been opened and closed about a dozen times since 2016, adding that they don't know what the case's current status is.
Canada became the fourth country to adopt a Magnitsky law when Bill S-226 received royal assent last week. Global Affairs Canada will work with the Treasury Board over the coming weeks to establish a list of individuals to be sanctioned under the law. A Canadian government official said Russian and Venezuelan human-rights abusers are expected to be among those first sanctioned.
Speaking at a conference in Sochi last week, Mr. Putin accused Canada of playing "unconstructive political games" in passing the Magnitsky law. They went on to accuse Mr. Browder of "crime, deception and theft" while they lived in Russia.
Story continues below advertisement
"Underneath are the criminal activities of an entire gang led by one particular man, I believe Browder is their name, who lived in the Russian Federation for 10 years as a tourist and conducted activities, which were on the verge of being illegal, by buying Russian company stock without any right to do so, not being a Russian resident, and by moving tens and hundreds of millions of dollars out of the country and hence avoiding any taxes not only here but in the United States as well," Mr. Putin said.
In an Interfax news agency report earlier this month, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned that the government will sanction more Canadian officials if Ottawa targets any Russians with Magnitsky sanctions. A number of Canadian officials, including Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, were banned from entering Russia in 2014 after Canada sanctioned members of Mr. Putin's circle over the annexation of Crimea.
OF LAKESHORE**************************SAULT STE. MARIE - On July 8 – 10 2011, the waters of the St. Marys River were filled with eager anglers focused on catching trophy walleye in the first annual Kiwanis Invitational Walleye Tournament.And all along the waterfront there was fun for the whole family, including the fan favourite Station Mall Parade of Boats.The event was a tremendous success with anglers and spectators thoroughly enjoying the massive fish, exciting weigh-ins and a marina full of the sights and sounds of a professional fishing tournament.During this event hosted by the Kiwanis Club of Lakeshore, TV personality and pro fisherman Italo Labignan met with Saultites, fished our waters, and filmed an episode of their show Canadian Sportfishing.The St. Marys River and the Kiwanis Invitational Walleye Tournament provided an amazing setting for the episode which even includes the winner of a coloring contest, Colton and their family fishing with Italo.Italo also hosted a children's fishing seminar in the Roberta Bondar Pavillion that was filmed and is featured on the show along with the many other family activities that are a part of this annual event.Catch the episode on TSN Monday, February 13 at 1 p.m., TSN2 Friday, February 17 at 3 p.m., and on TSN Saturday, February 18 at 11 a.m.To find out more about the 2nd annual Kiwanis Invitational Walleye Tournament, July 13 – 15 2012, visit click here **************************
I am 91 and am proud of and deeply satisfied with the feminist life I have led, because I have chosen my lifestyle. Women should, of course, have the right to choose one's mate, the number and timing of bearing children, and the right to organize one's time between children, work outside the home, work at home, civic activities, etc. A true feminist believes that each woman should be free to make the allocation in line with their abilities, income needs, and personal views on what matters most. Similarly, every man should be able to choose from the same array. In a good marriage, of course, these decisions are made jointly. Yet a very different and troubling perspective on feminism is now taking hold. Instead of arguing for maximizing women's ability to choose their life path, contemporary writing exerts pressure on women by telling us what is “right.”
Jill Filipovic, in their book “The H Spot: The Feminist Pursuit of Happiness,” gives no recognition to the desirability of choice, arguing that all our energies should be focused on working for the full right to full employment. Nowhere does Filipovic show respect for those who choose to “stay home.”
Federal Reserve chairperson Janet Yellen recently presented research showing the United States that prosperity would be significantly enhanced if as many women worked outside the home as men do. So now it's our patriotic duty to work full time! Some women can and want to contribute to society by devoting most of their time with their children, particularly in their earlier years. Shouldn't that be respected equally? Similarly, men should be free to choose to be an at-home father, and be fully respected for that choice. Freedom of choice is an essential characteristic of equality.
Advertisement
Recently, Claire Cain Miller, in an Upshot article in The New York Times, stated, in referring to college-educated women in high-earning jobs, “Children are particularly damaging to their careers.” What about what many see as the benefits to the children, and to the inner need to mother that many have?
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Before I was married, I was professionally trained and served as the first female economist in a very large international corporation. As Sheryl Sandberg described in their book “Lean In,” I wasn't paid the same as a man in the same position. When I was offered the job, the department head said, “We decided we could get the same brains for less money.” I was so delighted to be doing the work that I did not focus on the pay until years later. That no company executive could now say what was said to me is a sign of real progress for feminism.
I was married in 1953 and had three sons. My choice (jointly developed with my supportive husband) was to stay at home fully for the early years in their development — 11 years in my case. I cannot imagine more profound pleasure than I got in feeding and talking and reading to our children, to being present for every tear and each stage of development. I loved being at the front door as they returned home, to hear about their day or take them to the library. I liked being there for them.
I never thought that professional work was greater than parenting or vice versa. I loved both. In 1971, I was offered a position at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia (my children's ages ranged from 13 to 17). I said “Yes,” but I could only work four days a week and wanted to be home by 4 p.m. They had never received such a request — but they agreed. After that stretch, my career unfolded with more professional satisfaction than anything I could have anticipated. In 1979, I went to the Wharton School to start a new public policy department. There, the teaching, the research, the governance activity were everything I could have wanted.
I had what every feminist wants — freedom of choice. The result was profound pleasure in marriage, parenting, career, and at different times each had a different emphasis. I hope that my four granddaughters and my three grandsons will fully recognize that, despite the current pressures, their choices should reflect their preferences.
Anita A. Summers is professor emeritas at the department of business economics and public policy at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou survived a parliamentary confidence vote on Saturday, avoiding snap elections which would have torpedoed Greece's bailout deal and inflamed the euro zone's economic crisis.
But the nation remained in political, social and economic turmoil and Papandreou signaled they would still stand down, calling for a new coalition to ram the 130 billion euro bailout deals through parliament and avoid the nation going bankrupt.
Papandreou's socialist government won with 153 votes in the 300 member parliament, and a rebellion by some dissidents in their PASOK party failed to materialize after they indicated that their term as prime minister was close to an end.
“The last thing I care about is my post. I don't care even if I am not reelected. The time has come to make a new effort... I never thought of politics as a profession,” they said before the
vote.
Earlier Papandreou called for a new coalition government to approve the euro zone bailout deal, the nation's last financial lifeline, which is also the euro zone's central plank to prevent
economic crisis devastating the bloc's bigger economies.
They told parliament that they would go to the Greek president on Saturday to discuss formation of a broader-based government that would secure the euro zone bailout, adding that they were willing to discuss who would head a new administration.
Sources said Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos has won the backing of leaders of some smaller parties to support a new coalition that they would head.
The new government would call early elections in a few months after the bailout was secured, sources close to the deal told Reuters. [nL6E7M442D]
The leaders of the far-right LAOS party and another center-right party indicated after Papandreou's speech that they would cooperate in a new coalition.
Papandreou provoked uproar at home and abroad on Monday when they announced a referendum on the bailout, agreed by euro zone leaders only last week.
Under heavy domestic and international pressure, they backed down on a vote which could well have rejected the deal, potentially sinking euro zone leaders' attempts to stop the debt crisis devastating economies such as Italy and Spain.
The government officially announced earlier on Friday that the referendum would not go ahead.
Read more articles by
John Dennen
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
IBF super-middleweight champion James DeGale is defending their world title on December 9 at the Copper Box arena in London. The James DeGale opponent will be Caleb Truax, Boxing News understands.
Truax is a 28-3-2 (18) contender from Minnesota, who has fought the likes of Danny Jacobs and former WBC super-middleweight champion Anthony Dirrell. Jacobs outclassed them and halted the American in 12 rounds in Chicago in 2015. Truax moved up to super-middle and lost to Anthony Dirrell at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City last year. Dirrell stopped them in the first round.
DeGale, recovered from injuries that hampered them throughout this year, is promising an explosive performance. The Londoner won their world title in America and has been defending it abroad. This contest at the Copper Box is an important homecoming bout for him. It will be their first fight in London as a world champion.
“Before I won my world title, I got a lot of haters, I got criticised a lot. I think people saw that I worked hard, I boxed very well against a solid opponent and they started to give me the kudos and the respect,” they have told Boxing News.
For more from DeGale click HERE.
The Irvington, New Jersey Police Department has launched an internal investigation into the circumstances in which four of its officers appear in a controversial rap video.
The rapper cop at the center of the controversy told PIX 11 News he's getting a bad rap over the video which critics claim embodies all the bad stereotypes of a 90s gangster rap video. Police brass say it strikes the wrong note.
You wouldn't know it from the video that the guys on screen are decorated police officers. It features Hip Hop artist Gat The Great, otherwise known as officer Maurice Gattison, whose also President of the Irvington police union. They and three fellow off-duty officers spout homophobic slurs rap about alcoholics,gay bashing and violence. At one point, Gat calls themselves “a felon for life” and warns other rappers they may have to meet their Smith and Wesson, which they point to the camera.
The Irvington Police Department has raised questions about the video. Police Director Joseph Santiago questions “whether or not the behavior creates a negative impression upon the department and upsets our ability to enforce the law.”
The video, posted on YouTube, has caught the attention of Irvington Mayor Wayne Smith who is upset over the language used. “The concerns that were raised were more about whether it was appropriate to talk about gender choices, and sexual preferences.”
As for Officer Gattison, they now have a lawyer and insists he's done nothing wrong, and claims, “In no way did I intend to be perceived as homophobic or anything like that. Basically its me adapting to a rap culture.”
The controversy has reignited debate about what a police officer can and cannot say. Some Irvington residents weighed in on the question of whether or not officers have the same freedom of speech rights as the rest of us, whether they are on duty or off. Most felt police officers should be held to a higher standard and should be conscious of the language they use all the time.
Gattison and is fellow rapper officers will remain on the job during the internal investigation that is expected to take about a month. I spoke to the rapper cop on the phone tonight and they told me they regretted the video has stirred so much controversy and expressed the fear they would be “persecuted” because of it.
WASHINGTON, DC- FEBRUARY 24: Mayor Muriel Bowser (D) (Center) and D.C. Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier laid out the contours of how District police plan to respond to the Initiative 71 laws changes at the Wilson Building in Washington, D.C. on February 24, 2015. AT LEFT of Mayor Bowser is District of Columbia Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson. (Photo by Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post via Getty Images)
After months of debate, threats and uncertainty, recreational marijuana became legal in Washington, D.C., Thursday -- at least according to the city government.
Adults 21 and over may now legally use marijuana, possess up to two ounces and grow up to six marijuana plants in their homes for personal use. Marijuana sales remain illegal, but the District Council is considering a bill that would regulate and tax marijuana sales, similar to laws in Colorado and Washington state. Because of the city's unique oversight by Congress, it's unclear if any measure legalizing marijuana sales and regulation could go into effect before 2016.
The legalization of marijuana on the federal government's home turf adds to a shift in U.S. marijuana policy that began when Colorado and Washington state allowed recreational marijuana two years ago. Alaska's new recreational marijuana law also took effect this week. Oregon's legalization takes effect later this year.
“This is a significant milestone in the movement for racial justice, civil liberties, and drug policy reform,” said Dr. Malik Burnett, D.C. policy manager at the Drug Policy Alliance. “The racially-biased enforcement of marijuana laws in the nation's capital is officially a relic of history.”
D.C. continues to prohibit public use of marijuana and possession on federal land, which includes roughly 20 percent of the District. As a result, advocates urge eager marijuana consumers to use caution when trying out the new law. The Washington Post has a a helpful map of federal land in the District.
The District legalized medical marijuana in 2010, and its first medical marijuana dispensary opened in 2013. In 2014, the D.C. Council decriminalized the possession of an ounce or less of marijuana.
But the road to legalization has been fraught, with the city facing challenges over whether it has the authority to enact a law in the first place. D.C.'s city government is mostly autonomous, but the Constitution gives Congress final say over city laws.
Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) aimed to blocking D.C. legalization by tucking a measure forbidding the city from using funds to "enact" marijuana laws into a federal spending bill passed by Congress in December. D.C. lawmakers and congressional Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), said they believed legalization was enacted by voters when they approved it in November, so Harris' measure was meaningless.
The debate continued hours before the law would go into effect, with House Republicans warning D.C. officials not to move forward. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) went so far as to threaten District lawmakers with jail if legalization took effect.
Ultimately, the required 30-day period for congressional review of the District's law expired at the stroke of midnight Thursday, and legalization automatically went into effect.
Congress may still take action to eliminate the new marijuana law and has several options to do so, ranging from passing a bill that effectively cancels the law, to filing a lawsuit. It appears unlikely that there is enough congressional support for either. Harris has maintained that their provision already blocks legalization.
Marijuana remains illegal under federal law and states that have proceeded with legalization have been able to do so because of Department of Justice guidance that urges federal prosecutors to refrain from targeting state-legal marijuana operations.
Romanian police have arrested five individuals suspected of infecting tens of thousands of computers across Europe and the United States in recent years by spreading two infamous ransomware families—Cerber and CTB Locker.Under—a major global police operation conducted by Europol, the FBI and law enforcement agencies from Romanian, Dutch, and the UK—raided six houses in East Romania and made five arrests, Europol said on Wednesday.Authorities have seized a significant amount of hard drives, external storage, laptops, cryptocurrency mining devices, numerous documents and hundreds of SIM cards during the raid.One thing to note is that all of the five suspects were not arrested for developing or maintaining the infamous ransomware strains, but for allegedly spreading CTB Locker and Cerber.Based on CryptoLocker, CTB Locker , aka Critroni, was the most widely spread ransomware families in 2016 and was the first ransomware to use the Tor anonymizing network to hide its command and control servers.Emerged in March 2016, Cerber ransomware works on ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS) model that helped it to gain widespread distribution, allowing any would-be hacker to spread the malware in exchange for 40% of each ransom amount paid.While CTB Locker helped criminals made $27 million in ransom, Cerber was ranked by Google as the most criminally profitable ransomware that helped them earned $6.9 million up in July 2017.As with most ransomware, CTB Locker and Cerber distributors were using the most common attack vectors, such as phishing emails and exploit kits."In early 2017, the Romanian authorities received detailed information from the Dutch High Tech Crime Unit and other authorities that a group of Romanian nationals was involved in sending spam messages," Europol said in its press release."The spam messages intended to infect computer systems and encrypt their data with the CTB-Locker ransomware aka Critroni. Each email had an attachment, often in the form of an archived invoice, which contained a malicious file. Once this attachment was opened on a Windows system, the malware encrypted files on the infected device."Although the authorities did not release the actual identities of the arrested individuals yet, Europol released a dramatic video of the arrests, where you can see how armed officers stormed the suspects' residence.
Season 3, Episode 3: ‘The Law of Non-Contradiction'
The Mike Yanagita scene in the original “Fargo” is one of the most talked-about in the Coen brothers' oeuvre, in part because it's the one scene, in an otherwise airtight and intricate thriller, that isn't critical to moving the action forward. (The other reason it's brought up is to criticize the Coens for their condescension, but that's not pertinent here.) The scene involves the police chief Marge Gunderson, who meets Yanagita, an old high school acquaintance, for a drink while she's in Minneapolis investigating some bloody “malfeasance” in Brainerd, Minn. It's an awkward encounter, in which Mike tearfully confesses their loneliness since the death of their wife and attempts to sidle up to Marge in a booth seat. Later, Marge learns that Mike's wife is not dead — and that, in fact, they never had a wife at all.
There's a lot to unpack in the scene, including Marge's motives for getting dressed up and meeting another man in a hotel bar, but it's a critical turning point in the film. Immediately after Mike's lies are revealed, Marge returns to question Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy) a second time and the film heads into its third act. Although Marge understands the basic parameters of the triple homicide she's investigating, it took their meeting with Mike to change their thinking about the human capacity to deceive. Here was a guy from their hometown — the type of place where everybody keeps the front doors unlocked — and their lies shake their presumption of decency.
This week's episode is basically an hourlong Mike Yanagita scene. Gloria Burgle travels from Eden Valley to Los Angeles to investigate their dead stepfather's past and comes away with no pertinent information on the case. We know that she's spending a few days on a red herring, because the important Stussy is not poor old Ennis, who just happened to adopt the wrong last name; it's Ray, the Parking Lot King of Minnesota. The entire episode breaks off from Ray and Emmit Stussy, from Nikki Swango and V. M. Varga and all the characters who will figure into the main investigation once it gets back on track. For now, it's all about Gloria. Like Marge Gunderson, she's learning about secrets and lies and then coming back to their own town with unlocked doors, bringing with them a keener sense of the possibilities.
It also takes impressive swagger for the show to spend an entire episode chasing a red herring, especially so early in the season. For those struggling to get a handle on the plotting — or others, like me, struggling to get a handle on the purpose — this week's episode risks alienating a swath of its audience. But the gamble pays off tremendously. We needed some time to get to know Gloria, who had been marginalized by all the “unfathomable pinhead-ery” she'll need to investigate. And it's nice to have a change of scenery after one film and two seasons in the upper Midwest. With any luck, the show will return refreshed and re-energized, like coming home from a nice vacation.
I don't like what George Zimmerman did, and I hate that Trayvon Martin is dead. But I also can understand why Zimmerman was suspicious and why they thought Martin was wearing a uniform we all recognize. I don't know whether Zimmerman is a racist. But I'm tired of politicians and others who have donned hoodies in solidarity with Martin and who essentially suggest that, for recognizing the reality of urban crime in the United States, I am a racist. The hoodie blinds them as much as it did Zimmerman.
One of those who quickly donned a hoodie was Christine Quinn, the speaker of the New York City Council. Quinn was hardly a lonesome panderer. Lesser politicians joined them and, as they did, pronounced Zimmerman a criminal. “What George Zimmerman did was wrong, was a crime,” Quinn said before knowing all of the facts and before the jury uncooperatively found otherwise. They were half-right. What Zimmerman did was wrong. It was not, by verdict of their peers, a crime.
Where is the politician who will own up to the painful complexity of the problem and acknowledge the widespread fear of crime committed by young black males? This does not mean that raw racism has disappeared, and some judgments are not the product of invidious stereotyping. It does mean, though, that the public knows young black males commit a disproportionate amount of crime. In New York City, blacks make up a quarter of the population, yet they represent 78 percent of all shooting suspects — almost all of them young men. We know them from the nightly news.
Those statistics represent the justification for New York City's controversial stop-and-frisk program, which amounts to racial profiling writ large. After all, if young black males are your shooters, then it ought to be young black males whom the police stop and frisk. Still, common sense and common decency, not to mention the law, insist on other variables such as suspicious behavior. Even still, race is a factor, without a doubt. It would be senseless for the police to be stopping Danish tourists in Times Square just to make the statistics look good.
I wish I had a solution to this problem. If I were a young black male and were stopped just on account of my appearance, I would feel violated. If the police are abusing their authority and using race as the only reason, that has got to stop. But if they ignore race, then they are fools and ought to go into another line of work.
1 of 156 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The best editorial cartoons of 2013 (so far) View Photos A collection of cartoons from around the country. Caption A collection of cartoons from around the country. Rob Rogers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The problems of the black underclass are hardly new. They are surely the product of slavery, the subsequent Jim Crow era and the tenacious persistence of racism. They will be solved someday, but not probably with any existing programs. For want of a better word, the problem is cultural, and it will be solved when the culture, somehow, is changed.
In the meantime, the least we can do is talk honestly about the problem. It does no one any good to merely cite the number of stop-and-frisks involving black males without citing the murder statistics as well. Citing the former and not the latter is an Orwellian exercise in political correctness. It not only censors half of the story but also suggests that racism is the sole reason for the policy. This mindlessness, like racism itself, is repugnant.
Crime where it intersects with race is given the silent treatment. Everything else is discussed — and if it isn't, there's a Dr. Phil or an Oprah saying that it should be. Crime, though, is different. It is, like sex in the Victorian era (or the 1950s), an unmentionable but unmistakable part of life. We all know about it and take appropriate precaution but keep our mouths shut.
At one time, I thought Barack Obama would bring the problem into the open and remove the racist stigma. Instead, they perpetuated it. In their acclaimed Philadelphia speech on race, they cited their grandmother as “a woman who once confessed their fear of black men who passed them by on the street.”
How about the former Barry Obama? When they were a Columbia University student living on the lip of then-dangerous Harlem, did they never have the same fear?
There's no doubt in my mind that Zimmerman profiled Martin and, braced by a gun, set off in quest of heroism. The result was a quintessentially American tragedy — the death of a young man understandably suspected because they were black and tragically dead for the same reason.
Read more from Richard Cohen's archive.
POCATELLO, Idaho (KIFI/KIDK) - Idaho State University's Department of Psychology received a $50,871 grant from Brigham Young University to study psychotherapy with the integration of spirituality in treatment.
The grant comes from a larger grant given to BYU by the John Templeton Foundation, which is funding 22 similar studies across the globe.
ISU said the project will use the help of 11 private practice therapists in Idaho who already integrate spirituality into their psychotherapy. It will examine client preferences to see if clients are interested in spirituality being integrated into their treatment or if therapists integrate spirituality themselves, and then the outcomes of both.
Data will be collected from more than 1,200 clients and analyzed from an estimated 10,000 psychotherapy sessions. This will help ISU build a strong foundation on spirituality integration, which in turn will look at decisions on how to integrate spirituality into practice.
“We have done a lot of research on expectations and preferences, and their outcomes, but we have never done so with spiritual integration,” Joshua Swift, ISU assistant professor of psychology. “Research says it is successful, but it does not say when to integrate spirituality into treatment, so this will be new for us.”
Data collection for the project will begin in January and will be a two-year process.
Portland Thorns beat the Washington Spirit, 2-0, at Providence Park
PORTLAND, OREGON-June 15, 2014--Portland Thorns Amber Brooks (22) fires a shot as the Thorns beat the Washington Spirit, 2-0, at Providence Park Sunday afternoon in Portland. Photo by Randy L. Rasmussen/The Oregonian
(Randy L. Rasmussen)
The Portland Thorns have traded midfielder Amber Brooks to the Western New York Flash in exchange for the rights to defender Kathryn Williamson and midfielder McCall Zerboni.
The Thorns signed Brooks in January and the midfielder appeared in 20 matches during the 2014 regular season. Brooks recorded one goal and two assists for the Thorns in 2014.
"It was a very difficult decision to trade Amber, but we felt we needed to improve our numbers of players available during the season and getting two top players certainly helps us during a World Cup year," said Thorns coach Paul Riley in a prepared statement. "Amber was a massive plus for us last season and will certainly be missed. We wish them all the best with their new team."
Williamson was a member of the Thorns during their rookie season in 2013 and ranked second on the team in minutes played with 1,944. The Thorns dealt Williamson to Western New York in April, along with Courtney Wetzel, in a trade that brought Sarah Huffman and Veronica Boquete to Portland. Williamson made 21 appearances for Western New York in 2014.
Zerboni made 24 appearances for the Flash in 2014 and scored three goals and recorded two assists.
"McCall has been on my radar for a long time," said Riley in a prepared statement. "She has a great engine, an experienced mind and tremendous competitive appetite. Both are proven starters in this league and I look forward to working with them."
-- Jamie Goldberg | @jamiebgoldberg
CLOSE The Boy Scouts of America threw open its ranks Thursday to gay Scouts but not gay Scout leaders, a move that LGBT activists are calling the "first step" to full inclusion of gays in scouting. (May 23) AP
Supporters of the ban on gay members point to the Scout oath, which includes the line "On my honor I will do my best .... to keep myself physically strong, mentally alert and morally straight."
Boy Scouts from right, Joey Kalich, 10, Steven Grime, 7, and Jonathon Grime, 9, raise their hands at the close of a news conference held by people against the change in the Boy Scouts of America gay policy Wednesday, May 22, 2013, in Grapevine, Texas. (Photo11: L.M. Otero, AP) Story Highlights Boy Scouts of America voted Thursday to allow openly gay members
The meeting in Grapevine, Texas, was a magnet for both pro- and anti-gay groups
There are more than 100,000 Scout troops in the United States with 2.6 million members
The Boy Scouts of America voted Thursday to allow gay youth to participate in scouting. The historic vote, with 61% in favor, signals another shift in American public opinion about homosexuality but still leaves the organization with many future hurdles.
"It brings the Boy Scouts back into the American mainstream," said Beth Gazley, a professor at Indiana University in Bloomington who studies non-profits.
The vote overturns a 22-year-old ban on openly gay scouts. It was based on a line from the 1911 Boy Scouts of America oath: "On my honor I will do my best….to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake and morally straight."
Since 1991 the Scouts have barred openly gay individuals from participating in Scouting because it was decided that being gay was incompatible with being "morally straight."
The proposal was voted upon by more than 1,400 voting members of the organization's national council at its annual meeting in Grapevine, Texas, near the Scouts' national headquarters in suburban Dallas. It will become effective Jan. 1, 2014.
Delegates were asked to vote on whether openly gay boys and teens should be allowed to participate in scouting. The Scouts plan to continue their ban on gay adult Scout leaders. More than 2,000 Boy Scout leaders and officials are attending the meeting, which concludes Friday.
"The Boy Scouts of America will not sacrifice its mission, or the youth served by the movement, by allowing the organization to be consumed by a single, divisive, and unresolved societal issue," the scouts said in a statement released when the vote results were announced.
"While people have different opinions about this policy, we can all agree that kids are better off when they are in Scouting. Going forward, our Scouting family will continue to focus on reaching and serving youth in order to help them grow into good, strong citizens."
A Boy Scout wears an Eagle Scout neckerchief. The Boy Scouts of America on Thursday voted to allow openly gay boys to participate in Scouting. (Photo11: Eric Gay, AP)
Gay Scouts, Scout leaders and their supporters were ecstatic. They were holding what they called an Equal Scouting Summit across the street from the meeting. It was sponsored by two pro-gay Scout groups, Scouts for Equality and the Inclusive Scouting Network.
"Honestly, today I thought it was going to be the last day that I was going to be a Boy Scout. But the Boy Scouts delegates proved me wrong," said Pascal Tessier, a 16-year-old Scout from Kensington, Md. They thanked their family for being so supportive of him, especially their 20-year-old brother, Lucien, an Eagle Scout, who started an on-line petition to get the scouts to make the change.
"Like my brother before me, I now have a chance to earn my Eagle award—something that's taken most of my life to achieve. Finally, Scouts are no longer forced to choose between upholding the Scout Oath and being open and honest about who they really are as a person," Tessier said.
Austin Ruse, president of the Catholic Family and Human Rights Institute in Washington, D.C., said the shift "would utterly change Scouting and dramatically reduce their ranks. The Catholic and Mormon groups would simply have to walk away."
That's not necessarily true, however. In a statement posted on its website in April, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints stated that it appreciated the "positive things contained in this current proposal [to allow gay Scouts] that will help build and strengthen the moral character and leadership skills of youth as we work together in the future."
About 70% of all Scout troops are run by faith-based organizations, according to the Boy Scouts of America. About 37% are Mormon, 10% Methodist and 8% Catholic.
Robert Volk, a law professor at Boston University who studies civil rights law, isn't too worried about troops losing sponsors. "It's a chicken and egg thing. Their policy has given them the sponsors they have because those are the groups that believe in conservative ideals."
While scouting might lose some conservative members, the rest of America "is going to come back," said Gazley. "In the short term it will be messy, in the long term it's going to work for them."
The issue of gay Scouts has long been contentious. In 2000 the Supreme Court ruled that the Scouts could legally bar homosexuals from being troop leaders. The case centered on a gay Scout leader in New Jersey, James Dale, who was dismissed in 1990.
A similar case involving a gay Scout, Tim Curran, made it to the California Supreme. Curran a took a male date to their senior prom. The Mount Diablo Boy Scout Council then barred them from scouting activities and they sued. The California court ruled for the Scouts in 1998.
A Washington Post-ABC News poll released May 9 found that 63% of Americans support allowing gay Scouts to join and 56% believe openly gay adults should be allowed to serve as Scout leaders. Public opinion is changing rapidly. In 2012 a USA Today/Gallup poll found only 42% of Americans said they believed openly gay adults should be Scout leaders.
Follow @eweise on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/198bl5G
SAN JOSE, Calif. (CN) – Electronic Arts stockholders cannot claim securities fraud over the game developer's corporate “puffery” in extolling the virtues of its troubled “Battlefield 4” game, a federal judge ruled Monday.
Lead plaintiffs Ryan Kelly and Louis Mastro filed a class action suit last year against Electronics Arts and its officers and executives, for making false assurances to investors about the readiness of its action game “Battlefield 4.” They represent anyone who purchased Electronic Arts common stock between May 8, 2013 and Dec. 5, 2013.
While Electronic Arts has a history of developing successful video games for existing and next-generation gaming consoles – with “Battlefield 3” generating more than 10 percent of the company's total revenue in 2012 – investors and gamers alike also knew of the company's history of botched game launches and failed attempts to transition its games to different consoles.
Investors and gamers tuned in to video game conferences where “BF4” garnered positive prelaunch reviews at live demonstrations. At the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2013, EA's demonstration on Microsoft's Xbox One went on to nab 21 awards – leading to a huge jump in preorders for the game.
Despite challenges in development, the atmosphere at EA remained positive. “BF4” executive producer Patrick Bach also denied a possible release delay by stating “Luckily we've overcome those hurdles” in a prelaunch interview.
But customer complaints immediately followed Electronic Arts' three-string rollout, beginning with the release of the game for existing consoles on Oct. 29, 2013. Common complaints included that the game would not start or gave crash error messages, and that it froze so often that customers said it was unplayable.
It took more than three months for the company to fix BF4's defects.
Investors pointed to eight statements made by EA's executives – all defendants in the action – about the technology and development of “BF4,” including one by CEO Andrew Wilson stating that they had achieved “a level of quality at launch that we didn't get to last time and our teams are already starting to think about investment in new innovation for the future.”
Electronic Arts and its executives lobbied for a dismissal of the investors' securities fraud claims, arguing that the investors had not shown they had relied on the misstatements in buying stock. The company also pointed out that five of the eight statements which some of the investors claim to have relied on were actually made after they had purchased EA stock.
U.S. District Judge Susan Illston acknowledged this, and held that Kelly and Mastro cannot pursue securities fraud claims based on statements made after their Oct. 16, 2013 stock purchases. However, Illston said they will allow the investors to substitute new lead plaintiffs who bought stock based on misstatements made on Oct. 29 and Dec. 3. – provided their stock was purchased after those dates.
The judge also agreed with EA that some of the alleged misstatements amounted to nothing more than corporate confidence.
“Defendant [CFO Blake] Jorgensen's Oct. 29, 2013 statement comparing ‘BF4' to a World Series ace pitcher is puffery,” Illston wrote. “Defendant Wilson's Oct. 29, 2013 statement explaining that EA ‘worked more closely with Microsoft and Sony throughout the entire process' resulting in a ‘launch slate of games that are the best transition games that I've ever seen come out of this company' is an inactionable opinion, as well as a vague statement of corporate optimism.”
Illston also dismissed investors' claims of intentional or deliberate recklessness, finding that “the complaint fails to adequately allege falsity and scienter for reasons articulated by defendants.”
Kelly and Mastro have until November 3rd to fix their complaint.
Like this: Like Loading...
From the moment the president read the Rolling Stone article's opening paragraph, it was more likely than not that Gen. Stanley McChrystal would be sacked. How Obama took command
Vice President Joe Biden was the first top administration official to know about the Rolling Stone article.
They were flying back from Chicago after a campaign event when Gen. Stanley McChrystal called them on Air Force 2 around 5:30 p.m. to apologize for comments in the article. The vice president had no idea what they were talking about, so the call was brief, and Biden asked their aides to get a copy of the story.
Story Continued Below
Shortly before, Tommy Vietor, the assistant White House press secretary who handles national-security issues, had been e-mailed a PDF of the article by a colleague in the U.S. government. Vietor forwarded the PDF to a few officials who tried in vain to read the tiny type on their BlackBerries. So Vietor printed out a bunch of copies for the national-security inner circle. They walked one into Robert Gibbs' office and handed them a copy, with key passages marked.
It would be a long night: Aides would still be in the West Wing at 10:30 p.m. and later. President Obama had already gone to the Residence on the second floor of the White House, and Gibbs walked a copy over around 8 p.m. Within an hour, top aides were talking about firing McChrystal. A senior administration official recalled yesterday during a briefing for reporters: “He read the first few paragraphs and decided that we should go to the Oval Office and get a bigger group of people. … They were angry.”
Their top national security aides hadn't left, and got together in the Oval Office to hash out what to do. Before they were finished, they'd decided to recall McChrystal from Kabul, which bought the president time to make a final decision about their fate. What was McChrystal thinking? One theory: He'd seen the great luck General Petraeus had with glossy magazines, and thought that was what generals do, or that he'd have the same great results.
The White House asked the Pentagon for names of possible McChrystal replacements, sending a foreboding message. Reporters thought maybe Gibbs' harsh message at their Tuesday briefing (a need for "competent and mature leadership") would be the pound of flesh, and that McChrystal would be saved. No one on the inside thought that.
A top aide had said a key consideration in the final decision would be “whether or not Stan gets it.” They didn't seem to. NBC News Chief Pentagon Correspondent Jim Miklaszewski happened to be on the steps of the Pentagon when McChrystal arrived yesterday morning for their meeting with Secretary Gates, before heading to the White House. “Mik” says McChrystal “bounded” up the steps: "My question was, 'Have you already submitted your resignation?' 'Come on, you know better than that. No!' 'When I asked "Will you?" they were already rushing through the door and up the stairs to their meeting with Gates and never responded."
A few hours later, McChrystal's black SUV had taken them in disgrace to their home at Fort Myer, while the rest of the national security team was meeting in the Situation Room without him.
Utah's Unique Liquor Laws
If you are a Utah resident, then you are held accountable to some interesting liquor laws which are upheld in the state. One of the most unique laws in Utah is their statute that drinks can be served but cannot be seen until they have made their way to the table. Bartenders are not allowed to mix drunks in front of guests. This has caused many Utah restaurants to mix their drinks behind curtains. In Utah, it is illegal to put alcohol on display, so wine cellars that are used for decoration in restaurants must be filled with empty bottles. In order to obtain a license for a bar in the state, the owner of the bar has to abide by these curious rules.
Those who refuse can be prosecuted and may be stripped of their license as a result. One restaurant in Salt Lake City known as Vuda originally planned to display alcohol like in other bars. When the state found out about the breach of the law, the restaurant owners were reprimanded. Now, the glass bottles of liquor are hidden behind a wall of frosted glass where the bartenders disappear when they need to mix an order for a customer. Unless patrons at the restaurant have a state-recognized license to deal with and handle alcohol, they do not have the right to see the alcohol or to watch the bartenders as they make the drinks. This has often been referred to as the “Zion Curtain.”
In 2009, the state relaxed their drinking laws, which were extremely strict for some time. Due to the high-concentration of Mormons in Utah who disapprove of drinking, there was once a law which barred all alcohol consumption in the state of alcohol. The prohibition became somewhat of a joke that was advertised on tourist memorabilia in hopes throughout the state. Now, it is legal to drink in the state but the liquor laws are entangled with the Mormon church and are more complicated than those in most states. Bartenders in the state complain that the constantly changing laws tend to affect business. Before 2009, drinkers in Utah had to pay a special fee to become a member of whatever bar they chose to visit. These bars were considered private clubs and were the only place that a person could go to get a drink. This discouraged many members of the state from drinking.
Also, in Utah it is illegal to offer drink specials in restaurant and bars. For years, happy hour has been illegal in the state but many bars would offer all-day drink specials. The Utah Hospitality Association tried to sue the government in order to promote the specials again, but was not successful in doing so. If you have violated one of the many intricate and complicated liquor laws in the state of Utah, you may need a criminal defense lawyer to come to your aid. In this instance, you should contact an attorney at The Zabriskie Law Firm. With the help of a lawyer at this firm, you may be able to prove your innocence or get your case dismissed. At this Salt Lake City criminal defense firm, the lawyers have a cumulative 50 years of experience which they are willing to be dedicated to your plight.
If you believe that you don't deserve the punishment that you were issued after you violated one of the strict Utah alcohol laws, then you won't want to hesitate to call the firm at (801) 653-0862. Attorneys at the Zabriskie Law Firm speak both English and Spanish. They offer case evaluations where you can write about your allegations and get an informed answer from an attorney at the firm. They will tell you what steps are necessary to battle your case and will offer their services if they believe that they can be of assistance to you. Don't hesitate to contact the firm immediately as time is of the essence whenever you are accused of a crime!
HAVANA/BOGOTA (Reuters) - The Colombian government and leftist FARC rebels have agreed to two measures they say will help find tens of thousands of people who have disappeared during 50 years of war, as the two sides take the final steps toward a peace deal.
The agreement, reached late Saturday, addresses a key issue at the negotiations, which reached a major breakthrough in September when then two sides vowed to sign a deal by March.
Colombia's attorney general estimates 52,000 people have disappeared during Latin America's longest war, which has killed some 220,000 people and displaced millions. Victim groups say between 70,000 and 100,000 people may have gone missing.
The two sides agreed to create a “specialized unit to search for people who are considered disappeared,” according to a joint statement. The unit, separate from judicial investigations, will provide families with official reports on information obtained about their missing family members.
“These steps are transcendental, but, I repeat, they are just first steps,” lead government negotiator Humberto de la Calle said on Sunday. “What was agreed yesterday looks to alleviate this pain - the profound pain of the families of the disappeared.”
The government and rebels will also furnish the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) with information about the missing, so the charity can help design search plans.
“We will put all our experience toward supporting relatives, exhuming mortal remains in areas where the government cannot do it and by consulting with responsible institutions,” Christoph Harnisch, head of the ICRC's delegation in Colombia said in a statement.
The agreement was “another step for peace” President Juan Manuel Santos, who has staked their legacy on successfully reaching a deal, said on Twitter.
Some captured and demobilized former rebels have already cooperated with authorities to locate remains in exchange for lighter sentences, a task complicated by the rural jungle or mountain locations of many unmarked graves.
Human rights advocates and families of the disappeared have warned that unless more bodies are located, exhumed, identified and returned to their families, Colombia risks handicapping its post-conflict development.
Forensic investigators in the Andean country often struggle with large case loads and lack of training, funding and equipment.
The government and FARC have been in peace talks in Havana for nearly three years. They recently set a deadline of March 23 to reach a final agreement, which would then be put before Colombian voters for ratification.
Pennsylvania Rep. Chaka Fattah, the most senior member of the state's congressional delegation, greets President Barack Obama during a presidential visit to the state in 2012. Tuesday, Fattah was convicted by a jury on numerous counts of corruption that could send them to federal prison. They will be sentenced in October. File photo by Laurence Kesterson/UPI | License Photo
PHILADELPHIA, June 21 (UPI) -- The senior member of Pennsylvania's congressional delegation was convicted Tuesday on numerous criminal counts related to corruption, stemming from an indictment last year that also ensnared several of their political allies.
Rep. Chaka Fattah, a Democrat, was found guilty Tuesday on all federal counts -- including conspiracy to commit racketeering, wire fraud, mail fraud, falsifying records, bribery, bank fraud, money laundering and making false statements to financial institutions.
The jury delivered its verdict following a month-long trial in which prosecutors said the member of congress repeatedly bribed others and stole campaign contributions, charitable donations and federal grant money.
The U.S. Justice Department outlined widespread corruption in its prosecution of Fattah, who has represented Pennsylvania's 2nd Congressional District since their election in 1994.
RELATED NYPD officers charged in corruption probe
Last summer, a grand jury indicted Fattah and accused them of participating in various schemes to enrich himself.
Four others, political and business allies, were also indicted. They are Bonnie Bowser, 59, Fattah's chief of staff; lobbyist Herbert Vederman, 69; consultant Robert Brand, 69; and Karen Nicholas, 57, the chief executive of a nonprofit educational alliance founded by Fattah.
Fattah, 59, now faces the prospect of spending the rest of their life in prison. They will be sentenced Oct. 4.
The Philadelphia native will also lose their seat in Congress.
Fattah was beaten in the state's Democratic primary in April, before their corruption trial began, denying them a chance for a 12th term in office.
Before serving in the U.S. House of Representatives, Fattah served in the Pennsylvania House and Senate for 12 years.
In 2014, the member of congress's son, Chaka Fattah, Jr., was indicted and arrested for defrauding Philadelphia banks and the IRS to cover gambling debts and other personal expenses. They were convicted and sentenced in February to five years in prison.  They are appealing the conviction.
View Caption Hide Caption An increase in Stacy Coley's production would help Miami's third down woes. (Getty Images)
Perhaps Atlanta will be the place the Hurricanes find third down success.
Entering Saturday's game at Georgia Tech, only two schools in the country are less successful on third down than Miami. Its 14-for-58 performance (24.1 percent) is better than SMU (23.9) and FIU (21.8), but not by much.
The Hurricanes are even looking up at Al Golden's old team, Temple (27.8).
Numerous times this season, Golden has repeated three lines about solving their team's third-down woes: 1. “There are no excuses,” 2. “We've got to do a better job,” and 3. “It starts with me.” While the Hurricanes (3-2, 1-1 ACC) try to get it fixed, let's take a look at the problem.
The numbers are even worse than last year, when Hurricanes were 96th overall and ended the year completing just 28 percent, including an 0-for-11 bowl game. It was the worst performance in six years.
Miami has struggled against good teams (1-for-13 against Louisville, 4-for-10 against Nebraska), bad teams (2-for-10 against FAMU) and decent teams (2-for-13 against Duke). The only respectable performances were 5-for-12 against Arkansas State and 4-for-10 against Nebraska, but producing at that clip the entire year would leave the Hurricanes in the middle of the pack nationally.
Miami has gained nine first downs through the air (3.9 yards per attempt) and five on the ground (3 yards per carry). Obviously, neither path has been very successful.
How to fix it?
One key is to have greater success on first and second downs. Miami's average third-down distance is 6.8 yards (which was boosted by a strong 3.3 average at Nebraska). Since third-and-longs are usually passing situations, Miami is putting pressure on its young quarterback (and, of course, he's not blameless here).
Against Duke (2-for-13), Golden thought Brad Kaaya “made some good decisions,” they said. “There are some plays that we left on the field, there's no question about it. But I think Brad made some good decisions and we trusted the punt game, which ended up being OK, too.”
Even when Miami reached third-and-short against Duke, it didn't matter much. In the first half, UM's average third-down distance was 4.4 yards. It went 2-for-7. In the second half – largely due to penalties – it was 12.3 yards. The Hurricanes went 0-for-6.
Is it coaching? That's part of it. UM coaches readily admit there are calls in every game they'd like to have back. Last week, for example, offensive coordinator James Coley said Duke “showed a couple coverages” they hadn't shown in several years, and they didn't adjust. They also said Duke Johnson's sprained ankle, suffered in the first quarter “hindered” the offense (Johnson finished with 155 yards and a touchdown on 25 carries, going 1-for-3 when they touched the ball on third down).
Looking for a usage trend? That's hard to find. Kaaya, who has spread the ball around (more on that later), targeted six receivers on third down against Duke. Three players carried the ball (not including Kaaya, who was stopped for no gain when the play broke down.
Is there a savior? No, but player who would help third-down success: Stacy Coley. The talented sophomore, struggling with injury and confidence issues, was targeted four times on third down (all incompletions) at Louisville. They have seen one pass since (a successful conversion at Nebraska). More on them later as well.
To be fair, it's hard to find Hurricanes that have been consistent on third down. For example, some may remember third-string tailback Gus Edwards being stopped for a 2-yard loss at the Louisville 5 (and later in that game for no gain in Miami's half of the field), but the big back also rushed for a 27-yard touchdown on third down against Arkansas State. They also picked up 2 yards on third-and-1 at Nebraska's 11.
Talented as they are, Johnson, Clive Walford, Braxton Berrios, Herb Waters and Phillip Dorsett have failed more than they've succeeded.
The same goes for the quarterback. While it seems Kaaya has a brighter future than last year's starter, Stephen Morris, their third-down numbers to this point are similar.
On the first two downs, the true first-year student is completing 67.3 percent of their passes. That number drops to 34.1 percent on third and fourth downs.  They are averaging 9.7 yards per attempt on first and second, and 5.2 on third and fourth. Those are numbers nearly identical to Morris from 2013.
Morris was externally criticized for forcing the ball – nine of their 12 interceptions last year came on third and fourth downs – but three of Kaaya's seven interceptions have come then. Kaaya throws a pick on “money downs” slightly more than Morris did last year (7.3 percent to 6.7), but has double the touchdown rate (4.9 to 2.3). They also throw for a first down more often than Morris (31.7 to 23.3).
No simple fix, but the Hurricanes say they're not stressing over it. To them, third down success will come as they improve practice habits, blocking and route-running, ball-carrying, concentration in catching, pass accuracy and play calls.
Or, maybe what cures them is found here: Georgia Tech is allowing a 49 percent conversion rate, ranking 117th nationally.
* * *
A couple items based on data I've been tracking:
Spreading the wealth
A piece of good news on Kaaya: he's spreading the ball around, which gives opponents more to consider.
Right now, seven Hurricanes are on pace to catch 20 or more passes. According to data on Sports-Reference.com, which dates to 1956, only one UM team (2012) has had seven 20-catch receivers. Fifteen receivers have been targeted.
“When you play us, you can't just game-plan for one person,” Dorsett said. “A lot of people get the ball in this offense.”
So far, Kaaya has looked most often at their pal Berrios (30 targets), with whom they established a close relationship last year on the recruiting trail. Next on the list: tight end Walford (25), receivers Dorsett (21), Malcolm Lewis (19) and Waters (17), and running back Johnson (17).
Behind them, surprisingly, is Coley (14), expected by many to be the team's top receiver. They were targeted a team-high eight times in the opener at Louisville, but just six times in the last four games. Their receiving yards per target rate: 2.7, which ranks ninth among UM pass-catchers.
Going deeper
UM's top three in targets, game-by-game
Louisville: Coley 8; Waters 6; Dorsett, Berrios, Walford 4
Florida A&M: Berrios 8; Walford 5; Dorsett 4
Arkansas State: Dorsett 6; Berrios 5; Lewis, Johnson 6
Nebraska: Berrios 11; Walford 8, Lewis, Johnson 6
Duke: Lewis, Waters 6; Walford 5; Dorsett, Johnson 4
UM's leaders in receiving yards per target (min. 5 targets)
Dorsett 15.8
Yearby 14.2
Waters 11.4
Walford 9.2
Johnson 7.0
Lewis 5.5
Berrios 5.2
Dobard 4.0
Coley 2.7
* * *
YAC men
Golden was asked this week to name their most talented producer of yards after the catch.
Their response: “Ha. I don't know. That's a good question.”
Take a guess?
“Obviously Duke would be in there,” they said. “I think Herb has done a good job with their yards after catch to be honest with you. And Stacy should be. We need Stacy to do that for us. That's one of the challenges to them this week, is getting back to doing that, having the confidence to do that. All of those guys. I think Clive has been pretty good at it too, because he's so big. Those are the guys. Joe Yearby has been good so far.”
Going by bulk, it's Dorsett. That's largely off the strength of their day against Arkansas State. Of their 201 receiving yards, 106 came after the catch. That was the most single-game YAC of any Hurricane since I began tracking those numbers last year (Waters, who had 105 YAC last year against Duke, was the only other player to reach 100). They lead UM with 154 yards after the catch.
But while Coley has struggled this year, they have been extremely productive after catching passes. Coley has just eight catches for 38 yards, they have 58 yards after the catch – the by-product of a lot of screens and quick passes behind the line of scrimmage. Johnson is the only other Hurricane who has more YAC (120) than “actual” receiving yards (119).
Going deeper
UM's leaders in yards after catch per reception (min. 5 catches)
Dorsett 15.4
Johnson 12.0
Yearby 7.8
Coley 7.3
Waters 5.0
Lewis 3.8
Walford 3.1
Berrios 1.3
As President Donald Trump touts new oil pipelines and pledges to revive the nation's struggling coal mines, federal scientists are warning that burning fossil fuels is already driving a steep increase in the United States of heat waves, droughts and floods.
It is the latest example of collisions between Trump's environmental policies and the facts presented by their government's experts.
Contradicting Trump's claims that climate change is a "hoax," the draft report representing the consensus of 13 federal agencies concludes that the evidence global warming is being driven by human activities is "unambiguous." That directly undercuts statements by Trump and their Cabinet casting doubt on whether the warming observed around the globe is being primarily driven by human-made carbon pollution.
Story continues below advertisement
"There are no alternative explanations, and no natural cycles are found in the observational record that can explain the observed changes in climate," says the report, citing thousands of peer-reviewed studies. "Evidence for a changing climate abounds, from the top of the atmosphere to the depths of the oceans."
Faced with reams of evidence compiled by federal scientists that conflicts with their policy positions, Trump and their advisers frequently cite the work of industry-funded think tanks. Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt and Energy Secretary Rick Perry have championed the formation of a "red-team, blue-team" exercise where climate-change skeptics would publicly debate mainstream climate scientists.
Submitted as part of the upcoming National Climate Assessment, the draft federal report sends the overriding message that failing to curb carbon pollution now will exacerbate negative consequences in the future. That assessment calls into question the wisdom of Trump's environmental and energy policies, which seek to boost U.S. production and consumption of fossil fuels even as the world's other leading economies promote cleaner sources of energy.
An early version of the report, a copy of which was obtained by The Associated Press, was distributed widely in December for review by leading scientists. The New York Times published a copy Monday.
The U.S. Global Change Research Program, which will edit and produce the final climate report, did not respond to phone calls and e-mails seeking comment on Tuesday.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders criticized the Times for reporting on the draft document "without first verifying its contents with the White House or any of the federal agencies directly involved with climate and environmental policy."
They then declined to comment on the report.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"The White House will withhold comment on any draft report before its scheduled release date," Sanders said.
The assessment has generally been released every four years under a federal initiative mandated by Congress in 1990. The current draft for 2018, targeted for release later this year, largely builds on the conclusions of the 2014 assessment released under the Obama administration.
The assessment said global temperatures will continue to rise without steep reductions in the burning of fossil fuels, with increasingly dire effects on the lives of every American.
Worldwide, 15 of the last 16 years have been the warmest years on record. Today, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said 2017 is on track to be the second warmest for the United States.
Scientists from all over the world have documented warming in the air and water, melting glaciers, disappearing snow, shrinking sea ice and rising sea level. The report said the United States will see temperature increases of at least 2.5 degrees (1.4 degrees Celsius) over the next few decades, even with significant cuts to carbon pollution.
Even if humans stop spewing heat-trapping gases today, the world will warm another half a degree (0.3 degrees Celsius), the report said, citing high confidence in those calculations. Scientists, such as Stanford University's Chris Field, say that even a few tenths of a degree of warming can have a dramatic impact on human civilization and the natural environment.
Story continues below advertisement
"Every increment in warming is an increment in risk," said Field, who wasn't part of the report but reviewed it for The National Academy of Sciences.
Trump, who has called climate change a "total con job" and "hoax" perpetrated to harm U.S. economic competitiveness, has spearheaded a wholesale scrapping of Obama-era initiatives that sought to reduce carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants and other sources. Last week, Trump's administration formally told the United Nations that the U.S. intends to pull out of the international climate accord signed in 2015, in which nearly 200 nations pledged to reduce carbon emissions.
U.S. climate scientists have watched these policy developments with increasing alarm, with some expressing concern the Trump administration might seek to bury or significantly water down the quadrennial climate assessment.
Four co-authors of the science assessment, who spoke to AP on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issue, said they have not heard of or witnessed any attempt by the White House to suppress or censor the scientific document.
"It was under the radar and we were fine about that," one author told AP on Tuesday.
Pretty much everything in biology comes down to proteins. They're the building blocks for our bones, skin and blood vessels, the antibodies that keep us safe from disease and the signals that let us sense what's around us. These tiny necklaces of amino acids can end up doing almost anything, and they achieve this mind-blowing level of complexity by folding themselves in billions of different shapes – one shape for bones, another for an eyeball etc…
Except sometimes, that folding process goes wrong. Scientists don't yet fully understand how or why, but occasionally, in the millionths of a second that it takes for a protein to fold itself into a new shape, an error occurs and it's these microscopic errors that lead to diseases like Alzheimer's.
For those searching for a cure, this presents an enormous challenge – even the slowest proteins fold themselves inside a few milliseconds, so it's almost impossible to observe in a Lab environment. There is, however, another solution. The Folding@Home lab, a team lead by Dr Vijay Pande at Stanford University, has been working since early in the new millennium on a piece of software that simulates the folding process and provides models that scientists can then study. It's not an easy process, using thousands of hours of computing time to unfold each protein and it became clear early on that a new approach to building very powerful computers would be needed. Instead of simply building a huge super computer, Pande's team built an application that uses the processors of a huge network other people's computers, each chipping in with a bit of processor time – and it worked. The lab now has more than 150,000 computers connected to it and has published papers leading to major advances in the field.
Back in 2007 Sony began working on a partnership with Dr Pande and their team that would last until 2012, providing yet more power for their network of computers through a version of the folding application designed for the PS3. Together with Sony's Playstations the lab was able to set a world record for the biggest distributed computing network in the world when it topped the “1 Petaflop” point – meaning that the network could complete a thousand trillion calculations a second. As Dr Pande and their team look to the future though, their sights are set firmly on the Smartphone.
In 2012, following a successful trial using its smartphones, the development team at Sony Mobile started looking at the computing power and possibilities for the smartphone and approached the Folding@Home team with a prototype of a mobile app. Following extensive testing and refinement, we're pleased to say that the app as now available in a limited Beta for Xperia smartphones – and the potential is extremely exciting. The processor in a single Xperia smartphone is capable of performance in the 50 – 100 GFLOP range, though around 30 GFLOPS is more typical, meaning that it would take around 50,000 phones, working full time to equal the 2007 world record. With half a million smartphone users running the app we would more than double the power of entire the Folding@Home network today.
According to Dr Vijay Pande, a doctor in biology and structural chemistry at Stanford, and a key member of the Folding@Home team – all this power could dramatically speed up the fight against diseases like Alzheimer's.
“In order to publish a new paper, something that represents a genuine step forward, we would need about 150,000 “phone – days”, that's one phone running 24/7. Split that up amongst 10,000 and phones though and all of a sudden you're looking at two weeks.
“The increase in computing capacity is having a real effect on what we can achieve, for example our work was recently used in a paper that featured in the Journal of Medical Chemistry on small-molecule drug candidates for the treatment of Alzheimers. It's not a cure yet, but it is a major step forward, that brings a cure closer. There's some light at the end of the tunnel and it's down to these huge computer networks. The potential of smartphones in this space is enormous and we're really pleased that Sony has been able to support us with this.”
For now, the beta version of the Folding@Home app, compatible with all Xperia Z series smartphones as well as the Xperia T3, T2 Ultra, M2 Aqua and C3 is available for download from Google Play here. Following the initial Beta release, it will be made available for all smartphones running Android 4.4 and above early in 2015.
Unless you have been living under a rock, the rumors and whispers over the last week have pointed towards former Oregon head coach Chip Kelly as the top target for the vacant Florida Gators head coaching job.
Whether or not those rumors are true that Kelly will be the next coach of the Gators, they certainly seem to be the fan favorite if you do a quick search of the internet.
Kelly doesn't seem to be just a fan favorite, as former Florida head coach, and current Ohio State coach Urban Meyer spoke highly of Kelly in an interview on the Buddy Martin Show that will later broadcast on Thursday evening.
“He is a great person that is a genius in the football mind,” said Meyer of Kelly. “I have learned so much from him, and this goes back 10 years, maybe longer. Chip was an assistant coach at Oregon and then I believe they were at New Hampshire the first time they came down to Florida and we became very very good friends.”
According to Meyer, it's the attention to detail that helps Kelly's success at the collegiate level.
“He's got an incredible outlook on that ‘Win the Day' mentality and that whole thing about just winning today. Their offensive acumen is one of the tops in the business. He's got a personality that is a little different, but it's a dynamic personality, and they win, he's a winner.”
When asked to compare Kelly's offense to their own, Meyer also admitted there isn't a huge difference in the scheme they run, and that he's even adopted a few traits from Kelly into their own offense today.
“It's very similar,” explained Meyer. “We're doing a lot of things, and we have ever since Chip got into this football world. We were one of the first teams in the spread offense, but we have adapted a lot of their tempo. He's a go fast guy, and at Florida we never were. We're a tempo team now and learned a lot of it from Chip.”
You can listen to the entire interview during the shows broadcast via Facebook live at 6 P.M. ET. The show can later be watched HERE.
A band of beagles is scaring residents on part of Long Island. The diminutive dogs don't normally threaten people, but these hounds are wild and running in packs.
7-month-old Trapper is a big baby.
He's too young to hold it in all night, so their owner Dot Faszczewski has gotten used to their midnight walks. They're usually uneventful, but that all changed two weeks ago. "I could hear them coming towards me, it was a ferocious kind of barking," described Dot Faszczewski of Orient Point.
Two or three vicious animals were lurking in the bushes.
"I quickly grabbed my dogs and came running into the house, just as we got in the dogs jumped at the door. I thought it was just some wolves coming at me," explained Dot.
It wasn't a pack of wolves, it was a bunch of beagles.
"Certainly if they're out in a pack and they're starving and they're freezing, they're going to become aggressive," said Pam Green of the Kent Animal Shelter.
Green runs the Kent Animal Shelter on the east end, which believe it or not, is overrun with feral beagles.
It's been a huge problem for many years now.
Now, Dot Faszczewski keeps an even tighter grip on Trapper, as they wonder who would be so heartless to leave their beagles to fend for themselves.
"Poor dogs will freeze to death out there," said Dot.
For more information on adopting a beagle, visit www.kentanimalshelter.com.
The ultimate getaway: Historic fort one mile from the coast gets multi-million pound transformation into luxury B&B
Spitbank Fort built in Victorian era to protect Britain against French invasion
New owners have spent £3million turning it into £350 a night hotel
Costs £5,000 to be hired exclusively
Guests arrive via taxi boat from Portsmouth Harbour and can have a drink in Crow's Nest bar
Advertisement
It was built with huge cannons to repel the French Navy - but now the 134-year-old Spitbank Fort is a little more welcoming.
The historic sea fort has undergone a £3million pound radical conversion to turn it into the ultimate B&B for people seeking isolation.
Standing a mile out to sea, guests have to arrive at the £350-a-night hotel via taxi boat.
Scroll down for video
Secluded: Spitbank Fort sits a mile out to sea from Portsmouth Harbour where it was built to defend Britain against French invasion in 1878
Transformation: At one time up to 150 soldiers would sleep in hammocks beneath the fort - now up to 18 guests can stay in the luxury hotel
At one time up to 150 soldiers would sleep below in hammocks - now the fort has room for 18 guests who can enjoy a terrace hot tub, the Crow's Nest bar and a rooftop fire pit.
Groups can hire the fort exclusively for £5,000 which includes lunch upon arrival, champagne reception, a three-course dinner and breakfast the following morning.
The venue - which was recently visited by the cast and crew of the James Bond film Skyfall - can also host 60 guests for functions such as weddings and birthday parties.
Built in 1878, Spitbank Fort was later blitzed by the Nazis during World War Two before being decommissioned by the Ministry of Defence in 1982.
After a massive restoration project , many of the fort's original features have been kept intact, with the gun ports transformed into bedroom windows offering sea views and gunpowder rooms enlisted as cosy snugs.
Getaway: The historic fort couldn't be more secluded standing one mile out to sea
Unique: The sea fort hotel offers an unusually secluded getaway experience
Colourful history: Spitbank Fort has previously been a nightclub and hosted TV shows
The 15 feet granite walls of the fort mean guests are well protected from the roughest of weather.
There are also plans to transform neighbouring forts into a spa retreat and a naval history museum in the near future.
Makeover: The former sea fort which had anti-aircraft guns now features a sun deck where visitors can watch boats passing in and out of Portsmouth Harbour
Unique: The luxury hotel has unique a Crow's Nest bar, hot tub, sun deck, gaming table, restaurant and even a firepit
Restoration: The former sea fort has been given a mulit-million pound makeover to turn it into a luxury hotel
Mark Watts, general manager of the hotel, said: 'It was an empty shell when we bought it in 2010.
'It has been used for various things in the past but we had this plan to turn it into a luxury hotel in the middle of the Solent.
'We've been open for five months now and we've had an amazing response. It's obviously been popular with men and we have had a few birthday celebrations here for 40th's, 50th's and 60th's.'
'It is normally the wives who book it up as a treat for their husbands but they end up enjoying it here just as much as the men.
'The hot tub on the roof terrace and crow's nest bar have gone down very well and I think our guests see it as a really fun venue.
'Even though we are only a mile away from land people feel like they are going on a long journey when they come here.
'We have four weddings booked for next year so far and expect to get a lot more interest for that.'
The hotel provides boat transfers from nearby Portsmouth and Gosport in Hampshire.
Renovators Clarenco worked alongside English Heritage to ensure many of the original features of the fort, which is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, were preserved.
It used to have room for 150 soldiers, who slept in hammocks, but now guests can relax in the lap of luxury in nine spacious bedrooms.
During the Second World War the fort was decimated by Nazi bombs before it was
revamped and turned into a night club in the 1990s.
Rooms in the basement contain artefacts from the island's past with guests able
to view the giant bellows used to heat up the forge and a large muzzle cleaner.
Outside guests can take in the sea air and fish for mackerel, sea bass and pollock which swim in the waters surrounding the fort.
The War of the Golden Stool, also known as the Yaa Asantewaa War, the Third Ashanti Expedition, the Ashanti Uprising, or variations thereof, was the final war in a series of conflicts between the British Imperial government of the Gold Coast (later Ghana) and the Ashanti Empire (later Ashanti Region), an autonomous state in West Africa that fractiously co-existed with the British and its vassal coastal tribes.
When the Ashanti began rebelling against British rule, the British attempted to put down the unrest. Furthermore, the British governor, Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson, demanded that the Asante turn over to the British the Golden Stool, i.e. the throne and symbol of Asante sovereignty.[1]
The war ended with the Ashanti maintaining its de facto independence. Even though the Ashanti were annexed into the British Empire, they ruled themselves with little reference to the colonial power. However, when the British colony of the Gold Coast became the first independent sub-Saharan African country in 1957, Ashanti was subsumed into the newly created Ghana.
The Golden Stool [ edit ]
Hodgson advanced toward Kumasi with a small force of British soldiers and local levies, arriving on the 25 March 1900. Hodgson, as representative of a powerful nation himself, was accorded traditional honors upon entering the city with children singing "God Save the Queen" to Lady Hodgson.[2] After ascending a platform, they made a speech to the assembled Ashanti leaders. The speech, or the closest surviving account that comes through an Ashanti translator, reportedly read:[3][better source needed]
“ Your King Prempeh I is in exile and will not return to Ashanti. Their power and authority will be taken over by the Representative of the Queen of Britain. The terms of the 1874 Peace Treaty of Fomena, which required you to pay for the cost of the 1874 war, have not been forgotten. You have to pay with interest the sum of £160,000 a year. Then there is the matter of the Golden Stool of Ashanti. The Queen is entitled to the stool; they must receive it. Where is the Golden Stool? I am the representative of the Paramount Power. Why have you relegated me to this ordinary chair? Why did you not take the opportunity of my coming to Kumasi to bring the Golden Stool for me to sit upon? However, you may be quite sure that though the Government has not received the Golden Stool at their hands it will rule over you with the same impartiality and fairness as if you had produced it. ”
An Akan stool believed to be for a Queen mother, 1940–1965, in the collection of the Children's Museum of Indianapolis
Not understanding the significance of the stool, Hodgson clearly had no inkling of the storm their words would produce; the suggestion that he, a foreigner, should sit upon and defile the Golden Stool, the very embodiment of the Ashanti state, and very symbol of the Ashanti peoples, living, dead, and yet to be born, was far too insufferable for the crowd.
In a speech, Yaa Asantewaa, the queen mother of the Ejisu dominion within the Ashanti kingdom, rallied resistance to the colonialists: "Now I have seen that some of you fear to go forward to fight for our king. If it were in the brave days, the days of Osei Tutu, Okomfo Anokye, and Opoku Ware, chiefs would not sit down to see their king taken away without firing a shot. No white man [Obroni] could have dared to speak to a chief of the Ashanti in the way the Governor spoke to you chiefs this morning. Is it true that the bravery of the Ashanti is no more? I cannot believe it. It cannot be! I must say this, if you, the men of Ashanti, will not go forward, then we will. We, the women, will. I shall call upon my fellow women. We will fight the white men. We will fight till the last of us falls in the battlefields."[citation needed] They collected men to form a force with which to attack the British and retrieve the exiled king.[1]
The enraged populace produced a large number of volunteers. As Hodgson's deputy, Captain Cecil Armitage, searched for the stool in a nearby brush, their force was surrounded and ambushed, only a sudden rainstorm allowing the survivors to retreat to the British offices in Kumasi. The offices were then fortified into a small stockade, 50 yards (46 m) square with 12 feet (3.7 m) loopholed high stone walls and firing turrets at each corner,[2] that housed 18 Europeans, dozens of mixed-race colonial administrators, and 500 Nigerian Hausas with six small field guns and four Maxim guns. The British detained several high ranking leaders in the fort.[2] The Ashanti, aware that they were unprepared for storming the fort settled into a long siege, only making one assault on the position on 29 April that was unsuccessful. The Ashanti then continued to snipe at the defenders, cut the telegraph wires, blockade food supplies, and attack relief columns. Blocking all roads leading to the town with 21 logs barricades six feet high with loopholes to fire through, hundreds of yards long and so solid they would be impervious to artillery fire.[2]
As supplies ran low and disease took its toll on the defenders, another rescue party of 700 arrived in June. Recognising that it was necessary to escape from the trap and to preserve the remaining food for the wounded and sick, some of the healthier men along with Hodgson, their wife and over a hundred of the Hausas made a break on 23 June, meeting up with the rescue force they were evacuated.[2] 12,000 Ashanti abrade (warriors) were summoned to attack the escapees, who gained a lead on the long road back to the Crown Colony, thus avoiding the main body of to Abrade. Days later the few survivors of the abrade assault took a ship for Accra, receiving all available medical attention.[citation needed]
The rescue column [ edit ]
As Hodgson arrived at the coast, a rescue force of 1,000 men assembled from various British units and police forces stationed across West Africa and under the command of Major James Willcocks had set out from Accra. On the march Willcocks's men had been repulsed from several well-defended forts belonging to groups allied with the Ashanti — most notably the stockade at Kokofu, where they had suffered heavy casualties. During the march Willcocks was faced with constant trials of skirmishing with an enemy in their own element while maintaining their supply route in the face of an opposing force utilizing unconventional warfare. In early July, their force arrived at Beckwai and prepared for the final assault on Kumasi, which began on the morning of 14 July 1900. Using a force led by Yoruba warriors from Nigeria serving in the Frontier Force, Willcocks drove in four heavily guarded stockades, finally relieving the fort on the evening of the fifteenth, when the inhabitants were just two days from surrender.[citation needed]
In September, after spending the summer recuperating and tending to the sick and wounded in captured Kumasi, Willcocks sent out flying columns to the neighbouring regions that had supported the uprising. Their troops defeated an Ashanti force in a skirmish at Obassa on the 30 September and also succeeded in destroying the fort and town at Kokofu where they had been previously repulsed, using Nigerian levies[clarification needed] to hunt Ashanti soldiers. Ashanti defenders would usually exit the engagement quickly after a stiff initial assault.[citation needed] Following the storming of the town, Captain Charles John Melliss was awarded the Victoria Cross for their bravery in the attack.[citation needed]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Kumasi was annexed into the British Empire; however, the Ashanti still largely governed themselves. They gave little or no deference to colonial authorities.[citation needed] The Ashanti were successful in their pre-war goal to protect the Golden Stool. But, the following year,[when?] the British arrested numerous chiefs, including the Queen Mother of Ejisu, Yaa Asantewaa, and exiled them to the Seychelles for 25 years. In that 25-year period many of them died, including Yaa Asantewaa themselves in 1921. Kumasi City retains a memorial to this war and several large colonial residences. Ashanti and the former Gold Coast eventually became part of Ghana.
The war cost the British and their allies approximately 1,000 fatalities in total; however, the Ashanti casualties are not known for certain.[4] The British never did capture the Golden Stool; it was hidden deep in the forests[citation needed] for the duration of the war. The British continued to seek it until 1920.[4] Shortly after this, it was accidentally uncovered by a team of labourers. They took the golden ornaments that adorned the stool, which made it powerless in the eyes of the Ashanti. An Ashanti court sentenced the labourers to death for their desecration, but British officials intervened, and arranged for their exile instead.
Return of the King Prempeh I to Ashanti [ edit ]
In 1924, the King was allowed to return. "Thousands of people, white and black, flocked down to the beach to welcome him. They were sorely disappointed when the news flashed through that Nana Prempeh was not to be seen by anyone, and that they were to land at 5:30 pm and proceed straight away to Kumasi by a special train. Twenty minutes after the arrival of the train, a beautiful car brought Nana Prempeh into the midst of the assembly. It was difficult for us to realise even yet that they had arrived. A charming aristocratic-looking person in a black long suit with a fashionable black hat held up their hand to the cheers of the crowd. That noble figure was Nana Prempeh."[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Footnotes
There has been much talk in recent weeks – in the official Chinese media and on the tongues of top leaders – of the need for political reform in China.
However, there were few signs on Thursday that such words will mean much in reality anytime soon, as a new leadership team dominated by aging conservatives took over the reins.
As expected, Xi Jinping is the new head of the ruling Communist Party, seconded by the only other member of the last Politburo Standing Committee to be staying on, Li Keqiang. Both are in their 50s, and have reputations as cautious reformers.
But the five new members of the group that effectively rules China is all nearly a decade older than them, and most are seen as wary of change.
“This is a very bad lineup and certainly dampens any hope of political reform,” says Zhang Jian, a professor of politics at Peking University. “I don't expect much in the way of change from these men.”
China's new rulers emerged from the Communist Party's 18th Congress that ended Wednesday. They introduced themselves Thursday morning to the Chinese and international press, filing onto a stage in the Great Hall of the People and bowing in turn as Mr. Xi called their names. Mr. Li, appearing more relaxed than their colleagues, waved and smiled to the massed TV cameras, more like a Western politician. (Read more about who's who here)
In a brief speech notable for its almost casual delivery, Xi signaled what may become their policy priorities. “Our people … wish to have a better education, more stable jobs, greater social security, better medical and health care, improved housing conditions, and a better environment,” they said. “To meet their desire for a happy life is our mission.”
Not once did they mention economic growth, which has been a mantra of previous Chinese administrations, and a goal to be achieved at all costs, for three decades.
Looking forward to ... reform?
The new Chinese leader, who will become national president in March, made no bones about problems within their party, among which they mentioned “corruption, being divorced from the people, going through formalities, and bureaucratism.”
How successful Xi will be in tackling such problems, however, is uncertain, say some critics. “I believe Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang have strong reform genes in their blood, and they will not be constrained by former leaders' conservatism,” says Chen Ziming, a Beijing-based political analyst who was jailed for several years for their role in the Tiananmen uprising in 1989. “But they are surrounded by old men who do not meet peoples' demands for more democracy or more reform.”
Notable by their absence from the new lineup are two younger reputed reformers, Li Yuanchao, who heads the party's Organization Department, and Wang Yang, party boss in the southern province of Guangdong.
Flanking Xi and Li instead, were five men in their 60s, all but one of whom will be too old to stand for re-election at the next party Congress in five years' time, according to party rules that prevent the election of anyone over the age of 70. In order of seniority, they were Zhang Dejiang, a tough party fixer, Yu Zhengsheng, head of the party in Shanghai, Liu Yunshan, the party's head censor, Wang Qishan, a veteran economic policymaker, and Zhang Gaoli, party boss in the port of Tianjin.
“These are people who have been solid local officials and members of the Politburo for some time. It's more a continuity team than anything else,” says Sidney Rittenberg, once Mao Zedong's interpreter and a close observer of Communist Party affairs. (Read more about Sidney Rittenberg and their relationship with Mao here)
“You'll probably see them acting quite capably on economic reform,” adds Li Cheng, an expert on Chinese leadership issues at the Brookings Institution in Washington. “But you cannot expect this team to push for political reform, which will make economic changes harder.”
Since four members of the new Standing Committee will likely be forced to retire in 2017, that might offer an opportunity for younger and more modern leaders to take top jobs in five years' time, Professor Zhang points out. “But by failing to bring young men in now, they will have wasted five years,” they worry.
One novelty and a first
The new Standing Committee does introduce one novelty to the rarefied ranks of China's top leaders: For the first time, a majority of them will have undergone the formative experience of having been “sent down” to the countryside as youths during the Cultural Revolution.
“That might have some sort of impact” on the party's sensitivity to the problems faced by those left behind by China's economic miracle, most of whom are farmers, says Michel Bonnin, a China expert at the School for Advanced Social Science Studies in Paris.
“When people like Xi speak of being close to the people, as they did in their speech today, that is more than just a formality, it means something to them,” Professor Bonnin suggests.
China's once-in-a-decade leadership transition may not have brought a new generation to dominance, as some reformists had hoped, but it did mark the second peaceful and orderly handover of power in China's modern history.
It also marked the first time that an outgoing leader surrendered all of their powers to their successor. Departing party leader Hu Jintao gave up their chairpersonship of the party's Central Military Commission, and Xi took over the post, becoming commander in chief of the armed forces.
Ten years ago, outgoing party boss Jiang Zemin held onto the powerful military job for two years into Mr. Hu's term of office.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Seemingly confident of their authority, Xi made a brief and unusually jargon-free speech on Thursday, in marked contrast to the notoriously wooden style of their predecessor, Hu.
“There was something less robotic, more human about him,” says Bonnin. “There could be a change of style in the leadership. But that does not necessarily mean that there will be any deep or radical changes of policy.” (Read more about who's who in the new leadership lineup here)
"The Forges... Light."
We at o7 Studios North would like to thank
each and every member of the Aetherforged community
for their continued support throughout development.
"How long have these braziers grown cold, this hearth unworked?"
We would like to extend an invitation to join an exclusive circle of the community,
to support the team and development of the game directly, by becoming a Patreon
We want to allow our fans to support us as easily and efficiently as possible,
while offering an increasing incentive for doing so, as seen in the tiers provided
" In these Old Stones a dormant power lay silent for... Aeons."
We want to continue making the game by the players, for the players.
We want to share with you the experiences we've had, and create
exciting opportunities for the game and our community
"I want to show you the power of these forges"
What is Patreon to me?
Patreon is a solution to support o7 Studios North in making Aetherforged a true reality. The game will be fully controlled by us and the community. Payments are more predictable than other sources and we can double down to focus on making the best MOBA we possibly can.
Why now?
We've been progressing on Aetherforged for the past two years, learning everything that makes it what it is today. During the past few months, streaming and the support from the community has been a pivotal point in o7's life.
Whilst we have been able to work part-time on delivering Aetherforged up until now, being able to nail down an income will help us to get faster.
This has been a personal dream of mine for some time and whilst I have already taken the leap to a full-time developer, knowing that this can become something amazing, others on the team just aren't in the same position without a solid income.
Why do you need the money?
The money raised will be going directly towards supporting the game, through tools, licenses, food and eventually server costs, things that have previously been covered by us.
What will I get for subscribing?
You will receive official emotes on our discord server, along with the Patreon role and access to a dedicated subscriber channel. All Patreons will receive access to exclusive test builds.
Sex offenders win landmark ruling that being on register 'indefinitely' breaches their human rights
Rapists and paedophiles must be given the chance to erase their names from the sex offenders register, judges ruled yesterday.
The law which puts serious sex offenders on the register for life violates their human rights, three High Court judges said.
The decision, reached over the rights of a child rapist and an adult paedophile, was greeted with 'extreme disappointment' by the Home Office, which runs the register.
The High Court in London where two sex offenders won a landmark ruling that staying on the register indefinitely is in breach of their human rights
It came less than a fortnight after Justice Secretary Jack Straw told the Daily Mail of their 'frustration' with the courts' use of the Human Rights Act.
Sex offenders now join a list of apparent wrongdoers who seem to have benefited under the Act and in particular its eight article.
Beneficiaries of the article, which guarantees the right to privacy and family life, include murderers protected from deportation.
Police and experts believe many paedophiles and rapists are unlikely ever to cease being a danger. The test cases involved a teenager known as 'F' and Angus Thompson, a paedophile from Newcastle.
The boy, now 16, who is from Wigan, was 11 when they raped another child. They were sentenced to 30 months' youth custody at Liverpool Crown Court in October 2005 for two rapes and a series of other serious offences. They were released in January 2007.
Thompson was jailed in 1996 for five years for two indecent assaults on a girl and other offences. They were released in 2000.
Under the Sex Offences Act 2003, sex offenders sentenced to 30 months or more 'shall be subjected for life' to being on the register.
But Lord Justice Latham, sitting with Mr Justice Underhill and Mr Justice Flaux, said the law was incompatible with article eight of the Act.
FOR Ballarat sex abuse survivor Phil Nagle, it's a momentous day.
The 53-year-old has made the journey from their hometown to Melbourne and he'll this morning head to the Melbourne Magistrates Court where Cardinal George Pell is due to answer historic sexual offence charges.
The powerful clergyman and senior Vatican figure is expected to be met by crowds of survivors and advocates, and a throng of local and international media, when they arrive for the filing hearing.
Mr Nagle has no links to the complaints against Cardinal Pell. Still, they say the court appearance is something they and others have been “waiting many years for”.
They say he'll be in court to support the complainants, and hopes to see them and their claims respected by the court and by Pell's legal team.
“We are certainly very concerned about the claimants,” they told news.com.au.
“As a former complainant and as a survivor, it takes a lot of courage.
“We'd also like to see the accused, Cardinal Pell, and their team handle the complainants and their claims in a respectful manner.”
The Ballarat man was among Catholic Church sex abuse survivors who travelled to Rome and met with the Cardinal after they fronted the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse via video link.
Cardinal Pell did not return to Australia for the Royal Commission, with their doctors saying they were too sick to travel.
They arrived in Sydney on July 10 ahead of Wednesday's court appearance, after following their doctors' advice to avoid taking a long-haul flight from Rome to Australia due to their heart condition.
Mr Nagle said the Cardinal's Melbourne court appearance would make for a “huge day” for the survivors and advocates he'll be joined by.
“The Royal Commission will decide what they did or didn't know, and the court will decide what they did and didn't do,” they said. “We are pleased that these questions will be answered.”
Cardinal Pell has repeatedly rejected the allegations and maintains they are innocent.
“News of these charges strengthens my resolve and court proceedings now offer me an opportunity to clear my name and then return to my work in Rome,” they said after being charged on June 29.
The 76-year-old has taken leave from their position as prefect for the Secretariat for the Economy to return to Australia to clear their name, saying they are looking forward to finally having their day in court after a two-year investigation.
The filing hearing is expected to attract international media attention, however it is understood no special arrangements have been made for their appearance in court.
The hearing is the first stage of what will likely be a lengthy legal process — an administrative procedure to set the next court dates. The appearance could take only a few minutes.
Media had already begun to gather outside the Magistrate's Court well before sunrise awaiting the Cardinal's arrival.
Cardinal Pell's matter is expected to become before a magistrate at 10am.
(New York) – The Iranian government should immediately provide information regarding the whereabouts and condition of prominent rights activist Koohyar Goodarzi, Human Rights Watch said today. Human Rights Watch urged the authorities to immediately charge or release Goodarzi, who was taken into custody in late July.
“Disappearing an Iranian citizen for more than six weeks without any semblance of legal process violates both Iranian and international laws which Iran's government pretends to respect,” said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. “At the very minimum, the Iranian government owes an explanation to the Goodarzi family for the whereabouts of their son, and on what basis they've deprived them of their liberty.”
Plainclothes security forces arrested Goodarzi at their friend Behnam Ganji's home on July 31. The agents took Goodarzi, Ganji, and a third individual to an undisclosed location and later transferred them to Tehran's Evin prison, sources told Human Rights Watch. Authorities have so far refused to acknowledge that they have arrested or detained Goodarzi. Human Rights Watch has not been able to ascertain the reasons for Goodarzi's arrest or their current whereabouts.
An informed source told Human Rights Watch that a few days after Goodarzi's arrest their friends and family went to the Tehran Prosecutor's Office to seek information about their detention but were told there was no file regarding their case. The source said that their family and friends also visited the prosecutor's office in Evin prison, but authorities there told them they knew nothing about Goodarzi's arrest and that their family should file a missing persons report with the local police.
Mina Jafari, Goodarzi's lawyer, told Human Rights Watch that they have made several requests to the government for information regarding Goodarzi's whereabouts and condition but has so far been unsuccessful. Jafari said that they did not expect the authorities to allow them to visit their client before their case is referred to court.
Concerns about Goodarzi have increased since the suicide of a friend who was arrested along with him. Authorities released Ganji on August 8. They were found dead in their family's home on September 2. Before their death, Ganji told a friend they and Goodarzi were taken to Ward 240 of Evin Prison where they were held in solitary cells. Ganji said they were blindfolded and subjected to interrogations. They said authorities told them they had charged them with “acting against national security through contact with Kouhyar Goudarzi.”
On August 1, a day after Goodarzi's arrest, security forces arrested their mother, Parvin Mokhtareh, at their home in southern Kerman province. According to the Committee of Human Rights Reporters website, during a recent visit in Kerman prison, Mokhtareh told their family that they had been informed of their charges, which included “disturbing the public order” and “acting against national security” and were connected to interviews they gave during their son's imprisonment. Mokhtareh's first court session was held on Tuesday, September 6, at the revolutionary court in Kerman behind closed doors. Human Rights Watch has not been able to gather any information regarding their trial or the charges against them
Goodarzi, 25, is a rights activist who Iranian security forces have arrested and imprisoned several times since 2006. Security forces first arrested Goodarzi on May 1, 2006, at a demonstration for the right to set up independent labor unions held by the Syndicate of Workers of Tehran and Suburbs Bus Company. They later released him. On the evening of December 20, 2009, security forces arrested Goodarzi, Shiva Nazar Ahari, and Saeed Haeri in Enqelab Square in Tehran. The three members of a local rights group, the Committee of Human Rights Reporters, were on a bus about to leave for Qom, where they had planned to attend the funeral of Grand Ayatollah Montazeri.
In June 2010, Branch 26 of the Revolutionary Court convicted Goodarzi of “propaganda against the regime” and other security-related offenses and sentenced them to one year in prison. Authorities put them and 16 other prisoners in solitary confinement in July 2010 after they had staged a hunger strike to protest mistreatment by prison authorities. Authorities released Goodarzi from Rajai Shahr prison on December 14, 2010.
All members of the Committee of Human Rights Reporters who were active in Iran have either been imprisoned by the authorities, are out on furlough, or have been forced to leave the country.
International law considers a “disappearance” to be a continuing offense so long as the state continues to conceal the fate or the whereabouts of the “disappeared” person. Enforced disappearances are defined by the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court as “the arrest, detention or abduction of persons by, or with the authorization, support or acquiescence of, a state or a political organization, followed by a refusal to acknowledge that deprivation of freedom or to give information on the fate or whereabouts of those persons, with the intention of removing them from the protection of the law for a prolonged period of time.”
Although Iran is not a signatory to the Rome Statute or the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which Iran has signed, forbids prolonged pretrial detention without charge. The Covenant also requires authorities to provide detainees with “adequate time and facilities for the preparation of [their] defense” and to allow them “to communicate with counsel of [their] own choosing.”
Despite this, article 128 of Iran's Code of Criminal Procedure states that during the investigative phase of a case, which may last up to a month (though a judge may renew this detention phase indefinitely), counsel may be denied “in cases where the issue has a secretive aspect or the judge believes that the presence of anyone other than the accused may lead to corruption.” Article 133 also allows judicial authorities to renew a detainee's pretrial detention indefinitely. While these laws contravene international standards, it seems that denying Goodarzi access to counsel and failing to acknowledge their detention violate even Iran's own procedures.
“Iranian authorities have for years relied on repressive criminal procedure rules to ensure prolonged incommunicado detention for detainees prior to trial,” said Whitson. “But in Goodarzi's case they are also violating their own laws by disavowing any knowledge of their detention more than a month and a half after arresting him.”
An all-new episode of True Sight is now available, and all fans are invited to venture backstage with Team OG and Virtus.pro as they battle through the best-of-five Grand Finals at The Kiev Major.
With a level of all-access coverage that follows the contenders all the way from the ready rooms directly into the tournament booths, you'll gain new insights into the battle of wits that occurs as two of the top teams in the world face the gamesmanship of the draft, endure the ebb and flow of the fight for the Ancients, and regroup with coaches and teammates in the aftermath of both victory and defeat.
While you may already know who reigns supreme, as you witness the journey undertaken to seize the Mystic Staff, you'll see that not all has yet been revealed.
York Regional Police officers said they shot and killed a black bear in a Newmarket neighbourhood Monday morning because they could no longer wait for trained provincial agents to arrive.
York Regional Police Inspector Lou Malbeuf told CP24 that officers shot and killed the bear as it climbed down from a tree into a backyard. They said they killed the bear, which had been spotted in the Newmarket area over the past several days, because it posed too great a risk to public safety.
Ministry of Natural Resources officers arrived at the scene on London Road near the intersection of Davis Drive and Yonge Street minutes after the bear was shot dead. Malbeuf said police waited as long as they could for the ministry representatives to arrive.
After the bear was loaded into a pickup truck for disposal, Ministry of Natural Resources supervisor John Almond told reporters that although they and their colleagues were aware of the bear moving around Newmarket over the weekend, "it has to be stationary" for anyone to try to tranquillize it.
"Up until this point the bear was just running from yard to yard."
They said they received a call from police about the bear at 6:20 a.m. Monday, and they and their team arrived on scene at 8:45 a.m.
"We have a lot of equipment that has to come, we have staff with specialized training who have to be available."
Meanwhile, in a press release issued late Monday morning York Regional Police said that they banged chairs, deployed a cruiser sign and took several steps to keep the bear contained until MNR officials arrived on scene but were ultimately unsuccessful.
Police also said that they considered using a conducted energy weapon to neutralize the animal, however officers were unable to get close enough without compromising their safety.
This came after YRP contacted a number of agencies, including the Ministry of Natural Resources, the University of Guelph, a horse veterinarian, the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, local Animal Control and the Toronto Zoo over the weekend.
“The officers involved and York Regional Police regret the incident but there were no other options,” Chief Eric Jolliffe said in the press release.“Police officers are not equipped with tranquilizers nor are they trained on the containment of wild animals. We will be following up with the MNR in an attempt to improve the response to such incidents.”
Police said that for several hours they surrounded the bear, which could be seen jumping onto backyard patios, hopping fences and at one point taking refuge in a tree, while they waited for officials from the Ministry of Natural Resources to arrive with tranquillizers.
Melissa Holder told CP24 they watched police as they stood around a tree the bear was hiding in, minutes before it was shot.
They said police employed a number of tactics to keep the bear in the tree -- yelling, throwing a chair at a nearby fence and firing off a noise gun.
"Shortly after that there was another man who said 'we're going to have put them down' but the bear was still in the tree."
They heard three gunshots and was later told the bear was dead.
Holder questioned why the Ministry of Natural Resources was not better prepared to deal with the bear given the fact it had been seen in the area for days.
"If the bear has spotted in Newmarket for three days now, why wasn't someone waiting here with a tranquillizer gun."
(CN) – Boston police did not have a reasonable basis to search a 140-pound man when they received an anonymous tip that someone who was 70 pounds heavier was carrying a gun in their waistband, a federal judge ruled, tossing evidence that the search produced: a gun with an altered serial number.
At about 9 p.m. on Oct. 25, 2009, a woman dialed 911 to report that a man with a gun was “harassing” somewhere between “17, 18, 19, and 23” Gleason St., in Dorchester. They described the suspect as a roughly 5-foot-6, 210-pound black man in black jeans and a black hoodie. The caller never gave their name and address, and the police never followed up with them
An unmarked police cruiser summoned to the scene saw no one else on Gleason Street except three men outside of 17 Gleason. Jean Janvier, a 140-pound Haitian man, was wearing a white hooded sweater and a black puffy jacket. “As the officer noted, the details that did match could not have been more generic – ‘dark top, black man in their 20's,'” U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner explained (italics in original).
Gang Unit Officer Jack Conway tackled Janvier on their front porch and retrieved a firearm from the suspect's waistband. Though Conway changed their story over time, they essentially claimed that Janvier looked nervous and tried to flee into theirs home.
Conway said they gave chase, reaching Janvier already one step inside of their home. They grabbed Janvier, felt the gun and tackled him. Janvier's mother, who had been napping in the apartment, testified that they watched police hit and beat their son. They were charged with unlawful possession of a firearm and ammunition and possession of a firearm with altered serial numbers.
Janvier moved to suppress, and the judge agreed last week after rejecting the police's use of the 911 call and their version of the events.
“While I greatly appreciate the need to put an end to gun violence in Boston, and I understand that the area in which Janvier's home was located was a ‘high crime area,' there are rules – constitutional rules – that define how officials must go about their investigations,” Gertner wrote.
Quoting Terry v. Ohio, the court noted that “a police officer must have a reasonable, articulable suspicion of an individual's involvement in some criminal activity in order to make the initial stop.” This case must meet the Terry standard because “reaching out to grab a suspect is surely a stop,” the 16-page decision states.
Gertner first found that “the anonymous caller did not provide reasonable suspicion.” Although “not every anonymous call should be discounted,” the call here also bore no real signs of reliability, Gertner said. For example, the court repeatedly pointed out the major weight discrepancy between Janvier and the person described in the call.
Gertner also threw out the official version of the events. “I do not accept the government's characterization of Janvier's behavior at all,” Gertner wrote.
“The account of the struggle on the stairs, in short, is inconsistent with the physical layout of the building,” they added.
“The video suggested that it would have only taken a few steps for Janvier to get to their apartment,” the judge went on to say, crediting footage of the area prepared by Janvier's attorney. “For Janvier to be where Conway reported they were suggests either that they were not fleeing at all, or the officer is wholly mistaken about the encounter on the steps.”
Conway had claimed that Janvier appeared furtive and nervous, but Gertner said this is “not an unreasonable response, if I credit the testimony, for both the innocent and the guilty when police officers arrive at your doorstep.”
“There is something particularly troubling about the government's argument,” the judge summed up. “Retreating into one's home, as a matter of law, even if intended to avoid contact with the police, cannot per se give rise to suspicion of guilt.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Warner Bros. has just confirmed that veteran character actor Carol Ann Susi, who is best known for their role as the unseen and bellowing yet beloved Mrs. Wolowitz on CBS's The Big Bang Theory, has died after a brief battle with an aggressive cancer.
Warner Bros. issued the following statement from Warner Bros. Television, CBS and The Big Bang Theory Executive Producers Chuck Lorre, Seven Molaoro and Bill Prady: "The Big Bang Theory family has lost a beloved member today with the passing of Carol Ann Susi, who hilariously and memorably voiced the role of Mrs. Wolowitz. Unseen by viewers, the Mrs. Wolowitz character became a bit of a mystery throughout the show's eight seasons. What was not a mystery, however, was Carol Ann's immense talent and comedic timing, which were on display during each unforgettable appearance. In addition to their talent, Carol Ann was a constant source of joy and kindness to all. Our thoughts and deepest condolences are with their family during this time, and we will miss them greatly."
Warner Bros. released the following information on Carol Ann Susi from the Ellis Talent Group. A spunky Italian gal from Brooklyn whose passionate interests included Doctor Who, Halloween horror mazes, cooking and the Magic Castle, Carol Ann drew fervent circles of followers. They were a force of nature who didn't suffer fools and was fiercely loyal to their friends. Known only to a very lucky few, they were a world-class culinary genius who frequently scored blue ribbons at the very competitive cooking competitions at the Los Angeles County Fair.
As a teen, Carol Ann studied acting at the renowned HB Studio in New York and came to Los Angeles in the 1970s, when discovered by the casting department at Universal Studios. Soon after, they were cast as Kolchak's secretary, Monique Marmelstein, in the hit ABC series The Night Stalker. Dozens of TV guest appearances followed, including Cheers; Doogie Howser, M.D.; Mad About You; Just Shoot Me; Seinfeld and Six Feet Under, to name a few. They were an L.A. theater director's dream girl and was cast in many productions, including Justin Tanner's Heartbreak Help and Coyote Women, and was in the original cast of Ladies' Room, by Robin Schiff.
These beauty bloggers have nailed the perfect cat eye and the art of contouring. They help millions of followers navigate the rocky shoals of choosing the best mascara and the longest-lasting foundation. Some now earn six-figure incomes from their adoring audiences, thanks to partnerships with major brands eager to profit from their street cred.
They're also guys.
They may not be household names, but they do have huge followings. James Charles, a 17-year-old New Yorker who is the first male “face” of CoverGirl mascara, has 1.5 million Instagram followers. Manny Gutierrez, who is known online as Manny Mua, has 3.3 million of them; their followers are known as Mannyacs and their Instagram page leads with the slogan: “I think boys deserve just as much cosmetic recognition.”
Online personalities like Mr. Charles and Mr. Gutierrez represent progressive thinking and a fresh take on an old market, said Neil Saunders, a retail analyst who is managing director of GlobalData. “A cutthroat beauty market, where differentiation is vital, has been keen to capitalize on male bloggers,” they said.
These bloggers tend to project a very traditionally feminine beauty aesthetic — forget facial hair, think Kardashian-style eyelashes. Many of them are gay and say that their followers' virtual embrace offers powerful reinforcement.
If you mean it, put it in writing: Unions to Cameron on NHS & #TTIP
10 Jun 2015, by Owen Tudor in International
At Prime Minister's Questions this afternoon, David Cameron repeated – yet again – their claim that we should trust them that the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP – the EU-US trade deal) would have no impact on the NHS. Under fire from Labour Leader Harriet Harman MP, as well as from the SNP and UKIP, they insisted that TTIP would not affect the privatisation or liberalisation of the NHS – a line they have been peddling ever since it became clear that such an outcome would be deeply unpopular with the British people.
Why on earth don't people like us trust them with the NHS? Why do we treat them like a half-cut used-car salesperson leaning on the bar of their local saloon bar, starting each sentence on the issue with “I reckon…”?
Here are three reasons:
First, the text of TTIP hasn't been written yet, so it's a bit difficult to be certain what will and won't be in it. Apparently the Prime Minister has a crystal ball (strange they didn't see their re-election coming then!) which means they know, when no one else does.
Second, every time they get asked to write the exclusion of the NHS into the text of the treaty, they refuse. The French Government vetoed the inclusion of cultural industries early in the process, but David Cameron won't do the same for the NHS. If they mean what they say about TTIP not affecting the NHS, they should put it in writing, in the agreement. It isn't just the TUC and health campaigners who are demanding they do that, by the way. Just before the last Parliament was dissolved, the Select Committee for Business, Innovation and Skills, with a majority of MPs from the then Coalition parties, suggested they do just that.
Third, even if there was an exclusion of the NHS in the text of the treaty – which is something the European Parliament's neoliberal dominated international trade committee (INTA) agreed a fortnight ago – the NHS would still be affected by the privileged access foreign investors have under Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) to sue governments whose decisions accept their profits. Like, for example, if a future UK government tried to renationalise parts of the sold-off NHS as Slovakia did or even, as Canada is finding out, if a government agency refused to list for use in the health service an expensive and ineffective drug!
So you can sort of see why people don't believe the Prime Minister when they claim the NHS won't suffer under TTIP. If they want to secure people's trust, they should write it in!
Until then, Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey is absolutely right to say that:
“People across Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and England want the NHS out of TTIP and Cameron must be prepared to use their veto to get the NHS out. Every single political party across the UK supports an NHS carve-out with the exception of the Tories and the Liberal Democrats who have refused to back the demand. There is genuine and deeply-felt opposition to the NHS being part of a US trade deal.”
Movsar Buharovich Barayev (Russian: Мовсар Бухарович Бараев; October 26, 1979 – October 26, 2002), earlier known as Suleimanov, was a Chechen Islamist militia leader during the Second Chechen War, who led the seizure of a Moscow theater that led to the deaths of over 170 people.
Life [ edit ]
Movsar Barayev, born 1979, was the nephew of the notorious Chechen warlord Arbi Barayev who allegedly worked under FSB guidance.[1] After their uncle's death in June 2001 until their own, Movsar was the leader of a Chechen terrorist militia known as the Special Purpose Islamic Brigade (SPIR).[2] Barayev junior was said to be a sworn enemy of the Chechen leader and elected president, Aslan Maskhadov.[3] They used the nom-de-guerre of "Yassir".
They were incorrectly reported by the command of the Russian forces in Chechnya to have been killed on August 21, 2001, and again on October 12, 2002, eleven days prior to the Moscow theater crisis (this report of Barayev's death came from Colonel Boris Podoprigora, deputy commander of Russia's Joint Group Forces).[4] It was also claimed that two months before the hostage-taking, the Russian GRU military intelligence had arrested Barayev and contained them "until their release had provided leads to the hostage taking at the Dubrovka theatre".[5]
Death [ edit ]
On October 23, 2002, Barayev and a mysterious man known as "Abu Bakar" led a group of some forty SPIR militants and their family members (who had dubbed themselves "the suicide squad from the 29th Division") to seize the theater in the Russian capital Moscow, demanding negotiations with Russian authorities for an end to the second war in Chechnya, withdrawal of Russian forces and Chechen independence,[6] threatening to execute their hostages.
Movsar Barayev was killed on the third day of the crisis, when the Russian FSB special forces stormed the theater. They died on their 23rd birthday. Barayev's bloodied corpse was shown by the Russian TV lying on the ground of the theater amid broken glass with an intact bottle of cognac near their hand. Later, the Russian authorities said their body was secretly buried in an undisclosed location.
Monday's Caps-Sharks game was a rather pedestrian affair until TJ Oshie got injured late in the second period. Then all hell broke loose.
As the Caps star attempted to bodycheck Logan Couture, Oshie fell to the ice awkwardly. Joe Thornton, in a bang-bang play, would crunch Oshie's head into the boards.
The Capitals were not happy with the hit so early in the third period, Barry Trotz put Tom Wilson out on the ice against Thornton. The 23-year-old enforcer stalked Thornton up the ice until the 38-year-old legend agreed to fight.
After the game, Sharks head coach Peter DeBoer spoke about their disgust with Wilson and the Capitals bench.
“You know what? If someone had grabbed Joe in the heat of the moment after the play because they thought a liberty was taken, I've got no problem with that,” DeBoer said to the media. “To go into the dressing room, think about it, come out in the first shift, and do that premeditated crap is just garbage.
“Joe's a man's man,” DeBoer continued, referencing Thornton's toughness and possibly their beard. “I think our group appreciates the fact you got a 38-year-old Hall of Famer out there that's basically forced into that by [Capitals] coaches and their bench. They answer the bell. How can you not appreciate that?”
DeBoer was caught by NBC Sports Washington cameras screaming at Capitals assistant coach Lane Lambert immediately after the fight.
DeBoer would not comment on if they thought Thornton's hit was dirty or should be reviewed by the Department of Player Safety.
“I don't know,” DeBoer said. “I don't have any opinion of it. That's for other people to decide.”
Inside the Sharks locker room, Thornton wished Oshie well and hoped the Caps forward makes a full recovery.
“He was just falling a little bit,” Thornton said to the Associated Press's Stephen Whyno. “It's not like I ran them or anything. I bumped them and it felt like my hip kind of hit them in the head. So it's just unfortunate what happened.”
A diplomatic Wilson praised Thornton for stepping up to fight — even admitting that they were an athlete they looked up to when they were younger.
“He's an honest player. They were one of my favorite players growing up. He's what is good for the game,” Wilson said. “He stood up for themselves afterwards. I respect them for that.
“In that instance, that hit, I didn't like it personally,” Wilson continued. “I don't think our team liked it. Anytime a guy is down, it's kind of a no-hit zone. Osh is one of our best players. He's one of the leaders in this room.”
Wilson also revealed that they saw a replay of the hit.
“I just saw it on the monitor on the bench very quickly,” Wilson said. “It looked like Oshie was in a very vulnerable spot and they get head contact. That's the truth. That's the fact of the matter. Hockey is a sport where you're able to stand up for your teammate and guys did that on multiple occasions tonight.”
Full Coverage of Caps vs Blue Jackets
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Sue Pederson knows that the teenage boys in their treatment program have trouble making conversation. They may not know what to talk about; or once they get started, when to shut up. That's one of the striking features of people with Asperger's syndrome: they struggle with the social skills that come so naturally to others. But about a year ago, Pederson, a psychologist, and their colleagues at the Fraser Child & Family Center in Minneapolis found a new way to reach these students -- right through their headphones. They're using iPods, which play music and videos, to teach them how to fit in. It may have started out as a form of entertainment, but Pederson says this kind of technology is turning into an unexpected boon for children and teenagers with special needs. The devices, it turns out, can be crammed with the kind of information they need to get through the day. While it's still experimental, they said, "I think it's going to spread like wildfire." With Asperger's, a form of autism, people lack the inner voice that tells them what is, or is not, appropriate behavior. At Fraser, Pederson's staff came up with the idea of programming iPods to act as an electronic substitute for that missing voice. In this case, the staff helped students create a series of short videos and slide shows on how to behave in different social settings. Some are barely 30 seconds long: How to carry on a conversation ("Let the other person talk AND change the topic..."); how to respect other people's boundaries, and think before they speak ("Use your filter!") In the world of special education, these scripts are known as "social stories," used to teach basic social skills. "It's a mental checklist for things to think about when you're interacting with other people," explained Mandy Henderson, who works with Fraser's Asperger's program. As part of the Fraser project, the students can transfer the videos onto their iPods, and replay them over and over, to drive the lessons home.
Little videos replace signs Jack O'Riley, of Eagan, said it's just what their 15-year-old son P.J. needed. "This really hit the mark," they said. Like many kids with Asperger's, P.J. is baffled by the normal rhythms of social interaction: in conversation, they may blurt out too much information, or say nothing at all, their father says. At the same time, P.J. is easily distracted and has a hard time staying on task, another common trait of Asperger's. For years, O'Riley posted laminated signs around the house to remind their son how to get through the day -- take a shower, brush their teeth, get ready for school. Now, with the videos developed at Fraser, "we can plug this stuff into their little 'extended memory,'" O'Riley said. P.J. is building a library of videos on their iPhone, so they'll be at their fingertips. "He can pull up a topic on their 'to-do list' and find everything they need to know," their father said. Sixteen-year-old Myles Lund of Lakeville, another student in the Fraser program, said he's learned to use the iPod to help control their emotions by playing their favorite music. "It helps take my mind off of it," they said. At the same time, Myles, who says they rarely initiate a conversation, agrees the videos can help in social situations. "I just pull out my iPod and go through a list of things to talk about." The staffers at Fraser came up with the idea after they noticed how students with Asperger's would use iPods as a calming device, to block out noise or other distractions. "We just started thinking how else can we use this technology," said Pederson. They got a $7,500 private grant to buy the iPods and other equipment, and started experimenting. They're not alone. Jim Ball, an adviser to the Autism Society of America, said similar projects are popping up around the country. Some people are designing adaptations for smart phones, Palm Pilots and other devices to fill the same need, they said.
On the day when old fashioned attitudes were overcome by progressive ones in the Republic of Ireland, it was a pleasure to enjoy the progressive opinions toward beer in my home town of Belfast.
You could say the excellent ABV15 logo is slightly reminiscent of the rainbow flag, (hope they don't mind me borrowing it). It was a day to be celebrated in more ways than one.
Living in Dublin, I've been really enjoying the craft beer revolution here. Between the beer festivals, the Galway Bay bars and places like P Macs and L Mulligan Grocer. Hell, even stale old O'Neill's has undergone a transformation behind the bar.
I also enjoy trying to keep up with the new breweries and beers that launch in Ireland – a hard thing to do! Yet, like the ex-player with their old football team, I've been keeping an eye on the goings-on in the six counties up north.
Of course Hilden was the first craft brewery on this island back in 1981 and Whitewater came along in 1996. So the Nordies seemed to be ahead of the game. However, nobody else saw a potential in the market until the second wave of craft brewers started making er… waves in the south.
The northern wave started with Clanconnel's McGrath's back in 2008, followed by Inishmacsaint the following year, then there was the Ards Brewing Company. Two years ago, the floodgates opened with Sheelin, Pokertree, Clearsky, Farmageddon and Red Hand.
Then an innovative idea was sprung last year by a man with a background in innovation. Matthew Dick was not content with just being part of the amazing Brewbot – a crowdfunded tech start-up brewing system. They took to social media and asked “If you love beer, come and join us”. Looking for £70,000 to set up a co-operative brewery in Belfast, they got it… and then some…. Boundary launched their first three beers last month.
You'd have thought Matthew would have had their hands slightly full with that, but they were back at that innovating lark again. Based on the culture of their brewery, ‘beer is best enjoyed when shared with others', they got together with three other like-minded folk and organised the ABV15 Beer Festival, on the 22nd and 23rd April.
Matthew teamed up with Micheal Kerr, a photographer, Darren Nugent who runs Pokertree Brewing Company and Felicia Matheson of Prohibition Drinks, a craft beer distributor.
So what made ABV15 so unique? Well, how about hosting the event in the historic Harland & Wolff drawing rooms where the Titanic was designed? The superb building is due to be turned into a boutique hotel so the guys did well to get the last public event there.
Inside one of the drawing rooms
Then there were the three sessions for the event – Friday evening and two on Saturday. Any beer festival I have been to allow you to buy a ticket for the day or the whole event. ABV15 split their Saturday into the afternoon and the evening. Which, now I've experienced it, makes complete financial sense. Four hours sipping strong beers is probably enough for most people. You could buy a ticket for a session at £12 or for all three at £30. Upon entering you were given a nice glass (best I've had), a branded pencil and the menu of beers, ciders and beer cocktails! They also had beer tasting events, which I was too late for, but was a great idea.
Gary and RJ, great hosts at the beer cocktail bar
However, what makes or breaks any event is the content, in this case beer. And my God did they deliver. It was a who's who of the very best brewers on this island, from the UK and Europe and the beers themselves were phenomenal. Well the ones I could try.
Another interesting thing was the beer menu changed according to which session you were attending. At my session I got to try the following:
Boundary and Galway Bay Border Hopper ABV 7.7% – I just had to start with this. It was a double IPA described as ‘Sticky, Pithy, Boisterous' and that was good enough for me!
Galway Bay Foam & Fury ABV 8.5% – this was voted Beer of the Year 2014 by Beoir. I wanted to see how it travelled over the border and like the Enterprise, it didn't let me down. Nice and fruity in the Belfast sunshine with the backdrop of the new Titanic Museum. Two IPA's in a row? Not like me…
The new Titanic museum in the background
Evil Twin Low Life ABV 5.5% – I so wanted to try this from the brother of Danish Mikkeller's Bjergsø, who is taking the U.S. by storm. It was sold out! 😦
Pokertree Brewing Dark Nirvana ABV 6.5% – When you're invited by the brewer it's only polite to try some of their stuff and I really liked this dark ale. Like Anakin Skywalker, I was getting drawn to the dark side….
Buxton Brewery Tsar ABV 9.5% – I was getting heavy, well my beer was. This imperial stout was going down well. This was my first beer from Buxton Brewery in Derbyshire. I will be going again!
The Kernel Imperial Brown ABV 9.9% – I've been a huge fan of this brewery since I first tried their Pale Ale. Being a marketer, I love their bottles, really stylishly designed labels. This beer was one of my favourites of the day, it is a quality stout.
Burning Sky Flanders Red ABV 6% – Another one from across the Irish Sea, this was a nice sour.
Mad Hatter Fattest Stout ABV 9.5% – If ever there was an appropriate name… This wasn't my favourite stout of the day but it was still well put together.
Marble Brewery Brew 900 ABV 9% – My God, there is something great that comes from Manchester! Only messin, there are loads of things I love from Manc-land and one I respect…. But I absolutely loved this ‘Belgian Strong', they've given the great Trappists monks the biggest compliment with this beer. It's 9% but real easy to drink, nice and fruity. I HAVE to track down where I can buy this. If only I had an app for that…..
Siren Craft Brew White Tips IPA ABV 4.7% – I'd never heard of this brewery either, but then I'm not clued up on English breweries outside Liverpool and London. Was really impressed with this as well, lovely and fresh and fruity. Perfect for the sunny weather we were getting.
I have planned to trying Partizan‘s Saison Grapefruit & Lemongrass and Fuck Art The Heathens Are Coming! from another brilliant Danish brewery, To Øl, but I had run out of time and had probably had my fill for the day.
Nonetheless, I thoroughly look forward to the next ABVfest. The venue was class, the set-up was well run and the beers were amazing. My only snag was there didn't seem to be an opportunity to talk with the brewers and hear their story. I like attending the Dublin beer festivals early so I can have the craic with the brewers when it's quiet.
Nonetheless, there was a great buzz at this event. I was only in the door when I met a familiar face working there. Roisin is the wife of Michael, one of the organisers and did a super job on the day. Thankfully, I loved the event, otherwise, could have been a bit awkward… Proof was in the fact I didn't even ask for my refund on my partially used ticket, was happy to give the extra.
This is a great edition to the NI craft brewery map, much better than the CAMRA one in November IMHO. It's really great to see Belfast catching up quickly with its peers down south. So I'll leave you with ABV's ambition for the festival, which I think they nailed:
“Great beers should be sipped, shared, talked about and debated in the company of some of those who create them. They should unite and divide. But most important of all, they should be savoured and enjoyed with friends, and strangers who might become friends, under one very special roof.”
Advertisements
Audi says that the e-gas project, which after three years of research is now entering the practical phase, is a cornerstone of its mission to set up an entire portfolio of sustainable sources of energy. Audi will supply three sources of green energy in the scope of the e-gas project: electricity, hydrogen and methane gas. Respectively, each one is suitable for a very different type of drive concept: for electric cars, fuel-cell vehicles and CNG vehicles. The e-gas project consists of two main components:
Starting in 2013, Audi will begin series production of TCNG models whose engines—derived from TFSI units—will be powered by e-gas: synthetic methane produced via the methanation of hydrogen produced by electrolysis using renewable electricity. Audi's newly unveiled e-gas project is a component of achieving its goal of “Audi balanced mobility”—i.e., achieving a neutral CO 2 balance across the entire mobility chain.
Audi is contributing to the construction of offshore North Sea wind turbines which will generate clean power,that is then fed into the public power grid. Audi wants to use green power to produce and also operate its electric-drive e-tron models in the future.
A new plant, the e-gas project's second component, will use the remaining green power to produce hydrogen by means of electrolysis. This source of energy, generated in a climate-friendly manner, can be used to power fuel-cell vehicles in the medium-term. Audi will also combine hydrogen with CO 2 in an additional methanation step to produce methane. Although this methane is also known as synthetic natural gas, the company refers to it as Audi e-gas. Audi notes that methanation is particularly advantageous in that the reaction occurs with the aid of CO 2 , which consequently is not discharged into the atmosphere. This results in a completely closed CO 2 cycle.
Audi says that its e-gas project provides an answer to the question as to how green power can be efficiently stored, irrespective of location. If there are strong sea winds, for instance, then surplus power supplies can be converted to e-gas and stored in the largest available energy-storage system: the public gas network. If necessary, this energy can flow from the gas network back to the power grid at any time.
Along with our project partners, AUDI AG is realizing a method which puts CO2-neutral mobility within reach. Our technology has the potential to give new direction to the discussion on expanding renewable sources of energy. We ourselves are taking the initiative and are complementing electric mobility with an equally eco-friendly concept for long distances. —Michael Dick, Member of the Board of Management for Technical Development
Audi has completed the research phase of the e-gas project and will take the second step in mid-2011: investing several tens of millions of euros in the construction of an industrial facility. Audi will kick off this large-scale energy project together with its project partners: SolarFuel GmbH from Stuttgart; the Centre for Solar Energy and Hydrogen Research (ZSW), also based in Stuttgart; the Fraunhofer Institute for Wind Energy and Energy System Technology (IWES) in Kassel, Germany; and EWE Energie AG.
Wind turbines are the first significant component of the Audi e-gas project. During the project's first phase, four large power plants at an offshore wind park in the North Sea are being financed by Audi and a regional power-supply company. Rated at 3.6 MW each, these four turbines are to supply some 53 GWh of electricity annually.
Concerning the use of wind power in Germany, offshore wind-power stations currently play a minor role. Located far from the coastline, they harness wind averaging 30 km/h (19 mph) to produce about 40% more energy than onshore stations.
The project's second large component is the e-gas plant, which will produce hydrogen and methane on an industrial scale. Ground is scheduled to be broken in Werlte, Germany in July 2011. The e-gas plant is connected to a waste-biogas plant, which supplies the concentrated CO 2 necessary for methanation and which would otherwise pollute the atmosphere. The plant will annually produce some 1,000 metric tons of e-gas while consuming 2,800 metric tons of CO 2 .
The e-gas plant has two main components: an electrolyzer and a methanation unit. There is also piping technology, tanks, open-loop and closed-loop control electronics, and compressors for feeding e-gas into the natural-gas network. In January 2011, a lab facility with an output of 25 kW was set up for testing purposes.
The electrolyzer runs on green electricity. Aided by polymer electrolyte membranes, the electrolyzer splits water into its components: hydrogen (H 2 ) and oxygen (O 2 ). Hydrogen will not be used directly for fuel cell vehicles during the project's first phase; instead, after being separated and dried, it is placed into a storage tank and then the methanation unit.
Here, the hydrogen is combined with carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) to create methane (CH 4 ) as per the Sabatier reaction; water (H 2 O) forms as a by-product.
Even during this initial phase of the e-gas project, the electricity generated by wind power and the methane produced at the plant will suffice for 2,500 motor vehicles in total. Some of the wind-generated electricity would be enough to manufacture 1,000 units of the A1 e-tron and propel them 10,000 km (6,200 miles) per year. An additional share will be fed into the grid; surpluses within the power grid would thus benefit the e-gas plant, too, Audi says.
By means of the e-gas generated via renewable energy, 1,500 units of the A3 TCNG could each be driven 15,000 km (9,300 miles) annually, with 150 metric tons of e-gas remaining for the public gas network. As needed, this gas could also flow back. All in all, that represents a big boost to the power grid and equates to far more than 30,000,000 climate-neutral kilometers (18,700,000 miles) driven every year.
In terms of the well-to-wheel analysis, a compact natural-gas car powered by e-gas emits fewer than 30 grams of CO 2 per kilometer (48.28 g/mile), including all emissions created during construction of the wind turbines and the e-gas plant. Only electric vehicles which are directly supplied with wind-generated electricity perform even better: they emit under 4 g/km (6.44 g/mile). However, Audi notes a drawback in the overall energy picture regarding vehicle production: a lot of energy is needed to manufacture the batteries.
Audi says that its e-gas project is capable of solving several pressing problems faced by the sustainable energy-supply industry all at once. In the process chain, clean power, hydrogen and methane are produced: three key sources of energy for future mobility. In the medium-term, this technology has the potential to establish a highly flexible power-supply infrastructure for electricity, heating and motor vehicles which is based entirely on renewable energies; in addition, the respective percentages of the three sources of energy can be adjusted as required.
Renewable energies already account for 17% of electricity generated in Germany; renewable sources of energy are forecast to make up 77% of Germany's overall electricity consumption by the year 2050.
The Fraunhofer Institute for Wind Energy and Energy System Technology (IWES) was commissioned to conduct a study by WindEnergie, a German association. According to the study, wind power could be harnessed to realistically generate some 390 terawatt hours (TWh) of energy; this would have satisfied 64.7 percent of Germany's overall electricity consumption in 2010 (603 TWh). Overall output in the computational model amounts to 198 gigawatts (GW).
The production of electricity via wind and sun, however, is subject to natural fluctuations and the necessary storage capacity is currently very low. Pumped-storage power plants are capable only of short-term storage: during an emergency in Germany, they could supply power for all of an hour. All other solutions, such as compressed-air energy storage plants, are similarly very limited regarding capacity and period of storage.
Audi argues methanation of hydrogen using renewable energy helps solve this problem: the power grid is linked to the underground gas network, which can store surplus power supplies for months. The gas network has a potential capacity of 217 TWh, in contrast to the power grid's storage capacity of just 0.04 TWh. The latter's transport capacity, moreover, is just one tenth of that of the gas network.
Energy can be conveyed from the gas network—perhaps by means of gas-fired power plants or, in a decentralized manner, in block-type thermal power stations—back to the power grid at any time. New, decentralized cogeneration power plants can boost efficiency even more. In addition, methane is also suitable for the supplying of gas to private residences or providing high-temperature process heat.
The efficiency ratio of the e-gas pilot plant—from wind turbine to methane gas—is about 54%. If the dissipated heat is also used, this value is considerably higher still. The aim is to achieve an efficiency ratio above 60% in the future. Audi says that the potential to store large quantities of energy—made possible by pairing electricity with gas on the one hand as well as wind energy and solar energy on the other—can “truly invigorate” the expansion of renewable sources of energy. The Audi e-gas project can easily be replicated in any country with an existing natural-gas network.
The Audi A3 TCNG. The Audi A3 TCNG can run on the e-gas which Audi produces in the methanation unit. Via the “balanced cycle method”—similar to the purchasing of green power—A3 TCNG owners should be able to fuel their vehicles with wind energy starting in 2013. When a driver refuels with e-gas, the corresponding amount of renewable energy required to produce this e-gas is fed into the grid.
The high octane rating of approx. 130 RON for natural gas, biomethane and also for e-gas facilitates a high compression ratio in the turbo engine, which ensures high efficiency. The Audi A3 TCNG also boasts a bivalent configuration: if the natural-gas tanks run empty and there is no CNG station nearby, the vehicle can run on conventional gasoline with no drop in performance.
Mark Murphy, left, co-founder and co-owner of Left Field Brewery, is pictured with brewer and classmate from Niagara College Austin Roach on Dec. 29. (Photos by Chris Young for The Globe and Mail)
When Mark Murphy was ready to graduate high school, “beer college” wasn't among the options their guidance counsellor presented to him. So Murphy, who is from Brampton, Ont., ended up with an accounting degree from Brock University, and worked for a few years in the field.
In 2010, Murphy was in Fort Saskatchewan, Alta., working on an internal audit for Sears Canada. Perhaps not surprisingly, given the tedium of the task, they were distracting themselves by surfing the Internet and stumbled on a blog post about the upcoming launch of a new brewing and brewery management program at Niagara College. All too ready to ditch their desk job, Murphy enrolled in the program without first discussing it with their wife, Mandie.
“On paper, I had a good job,” says Murphy, now 33 years old. “I had stability and a career, but I always dreamed of owning my own business.” Not only did beer offer Murphy that possibility, it seemed like the timing might be right to make that business viable. “The beer scene in places like the U.S. was getting big, but that was not yet the case in Ontario, so the college seemed like a good opportunity. Unless I wanted to go to Chicago, or Germany, or Scotland, this was the best way for me to get into the industry.”
Murphy was one of 24 students in the first class of the school's brewmaster and brewery management operations program. The two-year course covered the science of brewing (the growth rates, metabolism and different strains of yeasts, for starters), marketing skills such as the art of packaging (a cool logo doesn't help if loose bottle caps allow oxidizing air into the bottles), and, most importantly, hands-on experience managing a working brewery.
“Not coming from a brewing or science background, it was a great program for me because it taught chemistry and biology in addition to everything there is to do with brewing,” Murphy says.
Fast-forward five years and the former accountant is now co-founder and co-owner of Left Field Brewery, a 6,000-square-foot operation in Toronto's east end that boasts more than 80 bar and restaurant clients, has beer listed in 13 LCBO stores and employs 10 people. “The timing for [Niagara's] program ended up being just perfect,” says Murphy, who spent the summer in between their school years working for Molson's pilot brewery at Toronto's Air Canada Centre. “The launch was aligned with breweries popping up in every city around the province, and they needed skilled brewers.”
Mark Murphy.
Murphy is just one of many successful graduates from that inaugural class: Classmates Mark Campbell and Mike Pawlick, for example, are now brewers at Lake of Bays Brewery in Baysville, Ont., while alumnus Chris Freeman is the owner and brewmaster at the Collingwood Brewery.
Now in its fifth year, Niagara College's brewmaster and brewery management operations program was the result of two years of planning by Steve Gill, the college's general manager, and Jon Downing, whose career in beer spans three decades. Downing has helped open more than 100 breweries, including a pilot brewery for Guinness and Ontario's very first brew pub at the Atlas Hotel in Welland.
In 2008, Downing learned that Gill had launched Niagara College's hands-on viticulture program, and approached the college with the idea of starting a similar program for beer. Just as the duo began planning and researching, the industry came calling: Facing a dearth of talented brewmasters in the province, Ontario Craft Brewers (OCB), a trade organization that represents small breweries, approached the college about getting students interested in making beer.
“The OCB actually said, ‘We need you guys to start a program to help build our infrastructure,'” Gill says. “So, as part of our research, we did a survey within the [brewing] industry to see if there was a need for this type of program, and the response was pretty much 100-per-cent ‘Yes. Help us.'”
And so Gill and Downing – plus advisers who included OCB members, local suppliers, brewers and academics – created a program that is the first of its kind in Canada (they have since helped launch an nearly identical program at Olds College in Alberta). The Ontario college features a brewhouse capable of making five-hectolitre (500-litre) batches, with nine vessels ranging in size from five to 10 hectolitres in which beer can ferment.
“[Students] learn about and do the actual kegging, bottling and canning, and they learn about and operate all the equipment and do equipment maintenance,” Gill says. “It's a very expensive classroom, but when you walk in you can smell beer, you can taste beer – it's unbelievable.”
The students essentially run a working brewery on campus, including a retail outlet that's open to the public – proceeds help sustain the program. Beers include Butler's Bitter, an award-winning English best bitter, as well as First Draft Lager, and a Brewmaster Series that offers a stout, a wheat and an India Pale Ale. There is also a rotating lineup of experimental beers created by students.
Local bars and restaurants are clients, and there's a 200-member “growler club” of loyal customers who return to the college to fill two-litre bottles with whatever experimental offering is available from the program's current students.
The program now accepts three 18-student cohorts a year – Many of the students are pursuing a second career or a practical top-up to their university degrees. The increased enrolment corresponds fairly directly with the expanding demand for craft beers and knowledgeable brewers. According to the Liquor Control Board of Ontario's most recent annual report, craft-beer sales rose a whopping 26.6 per cent in 2013 and 2014, making it the fastest-growing segment within the LCBO's beer category. The Ontario Beverage Network has 300 breweries on its list of those that are either currently open in the province or in the planning process, up from 100 less than three years ago.
As such, it's perhaps unsurprising that many students from that first class of 24 have become fairly successful in Ontario's beer scene. Niagara College grads are in big jobs at Sawdust City Brewery in Gravenhurst, as well as Hamilton's Nickel Brook Brewery and Northwinds Brewhouse in Collingwood.
“There weren't enough people to do these jobs and the industry badly needed brewers,” Gill says. “So, the first class of graduates walked right into great jobs.”
Gill isn't chalking all that success up to just good timing and training. He's quick to note the passion not only of the first class of graduates, but of subsequent cohorts as well. “I've been with the college almost 16 years and, I gotta tell you, these beer students are among some of the most dedicated I've seen,” they say. “They are beer geeks, in the best sense of the word.”
Beers to try from Niagara College grads
Fireside Extra Special Bitter
A tribute to British ales, this is a malt-forward, a rich and flavourful beer with just a touch of sweetness.
The brewery: Collingwood Brewery, Collingwood, Ont.
The grad: Chris Freeman, owner and head brewer
Find it: Available in tall cans at various retail outlets of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO)
Wild North Summer Session Ale
Made with Lake of Bays water, this is a slightly cloudy copper ale with floral and citrus aromas and a light-bodied, refreshing, hoppy flavour balanced with a touch of caramel.
The brewery: Lake of Bays Brewing Co., Baysville, Ont.
The grad: Mark Campbell, brewer
Find it: Available seasonally in the brewery Lake of Bays retails store and the Beer Store (the goal is to get this on LCBO shelves this year).
Pleasures and Treasures Whiskey Porter
Full-bodied with chocolate and coffee flavours, this beer is infused with both whisky and maple syrup.
The brewery: Gahan House Brew Pub, Halifax
The grad: Karen Allen, Brewmaster at Gahan House (and the only female graduate of Niagara's inaugural class).
Find it: Because Nova Scotia law doesn't allow brew pubs to package their wares, this one is only found on tap at the brew pub.
Indie's Flanders Red
A blend of beers aged one to three years in barrels with grape must, Indie's is a sour red ale that's both tart and sweet with notes of dark fruit and oak.
The brewery: Indie Alehouse, Toronto
The grad: Jeff Broeders, brewmaster
Find it: Slated for release in early spring 2016, this one won't get much farther than Toronto. Look for it at Indie Alehouse and maybe in some lucky local beer bars.
Campfire S'More Stout
A rich, sweet, biscuity beer, this oatmeal stout is actually made with cocoa, marshmallows, vanilla and graham crackers (5.7% ABV).
The brewery: Sawdust City Brewing Co., Gravenhurst, Ont.
The grads: Aaron Spinney, brewer at Sawdust City and Jeff Broeders, brewmaster at Indie Alehouse
Find it: Available soon in tall cans directly from Sawdust's retail store in Gravenhurst, it's probable that some of this beer will also make it to better beer bars around the province.
On November 8, 2017, it was with great sadness that we learned of the passing of Dennis ‘INTERNETHULK' Hawelka.
To the esports world, Dennis was more than just an accomplished player and coach – they were a friend, a confidant, someone peoples looked towards for guidance and support. They reached out to those around him, drew them in and built them up. In doing so, they not only helped forge the foundation of competitive Overwatch worldwide, they changed countless lives for the better, in game and out.
In their memory, the Overwatch League is introducing The Dennis Hawelka Award. This award will be presented at the end of each Overwatch League season to the player that we deem to have had the most positive impact on the community.
From all of us here at the Overwatch League and Blizzard Entertainment, we send our deepest condolences to Dennis' loved ones. Their intelligence, generosity and friendship will never be forgotten.
Oakland Raiders coach Dennis Allen was asked Thursday at the NFL combine in Indianapolis if their 2014 starting quarterback was already on Oakland's roster.
Keep in mind, the Raiders currently have Terrelle Pryor, who started nine games last season, Matt McGloin, who started six, and veteran Trent Edwards, who last started an NFL game in 2010, under contract.
Allen's response? “I don't know the answer to that yet, you know what I mean? I think that's obviously a position we're going to look at to try to improve as well as any other position. But that's obviously a position we have to [evaluate].
“The quarterback position is the backbone of your football team, and so we have to make sure that when we go out there this year that we've put ourselves in the best position to have success with the quarterback position.”
Then after reading between the lines and going over the silver and black tea leaves, the answer would be … no.
Which of course, brings us to this year's crop of quarterbacks. You've got the big guns in Louisville's Teddy Bridgewater and Central Florida's Blake Bortles, the intriguing guys in Fresno State's Derek Carr and Alabama's AJ McCarron and, of course, the biggest and most intriguing figure of all in the polarizing Johnny Manziel, by way of Texas A&M.
Now, the fact that Allen is a Texas A&M alum should give the Raiders a leg up in scouting Manziel to see if he's worth the hype, let alone the No. 5 overall pick, right?
Yes, Allen was asked about their fellow Aggie.
“Obviously, he's accomplished a lot at the collegiate level and has been a very good football player, being the first first-year student to win the Heisman Trophy,” Allen said. “I think that speaks in and of itself about how good a football player they are, so I think he's a very talented football player. I think they are a multi-dimensional football player. I think he's able to throw the ball. I think he's able to throw the ball from the pocket, but he's also able to create things with their feet.
“As we get more into the evaluation process, I think he'll be a fun guy to really evaluate.”
Apple will announce that iMessage encrypted text messaging is coming to Android users at WWDC next Monday at WWDC 2016, according to a source familiar with the company's thinking. [...]
Apple is increasingly focused on services which means opening up certain avenues beyond its own iOS and OS X platforms, the source says. The company release Apple Music for Android last November.
Apple is planning to announce an iMessage app for Android users at WWDC, according to a report from MacDailyNews citing sources "familiar with the company's thinking."Google recently announced a new messaging app called "Allo," which will be available on both Android and iOS devices. Allo integrates with a user's phone number and includes features like a built-in Google Assistant that offers up proactive suggestions, resizable message bubbles, emoji, stickers, smart replies, mini games, an Incognito mode with end-to-end encryption, and more.With Google set to release a chat app on iOS, bringing iMessage to Android could potentially be Apple's response. Apple has previously released three apps on Android, including Apple Music, Move to iOS for transitioning from an Android device to an iPhone, and Beats Pill*, for controlling the Beats Pill speaker. Apple CEO Tim Cook has said Apple Music is Apple's way of testing the water ahead of bringing additional Apple services to other platforms.The simplicity, convenience, and security of iMessage is one of the major perks of the iPhone, however, so it is unclear if Apple would want to expand such a key feature beyond its own devices.MacDailyNews doesn't have a solid track record when it comes to accurately predicting Apple's plans, so today's report should be viewed with some skepticism. The site's source also suggests "plans are constantly in flux" ahead of keynotes so the release could be delayed, but iMessage is "definitely" coming to Android in 2016.
World Economic Forum founder and executive chairperson Klaus Schwab delivering a speech in Davos, on Jan. 19, 2016. Fabrice Coffrini/AFP/Getty Images
In the opening session of the World Economic Forum's meeting last week in Davos, founder and executive chairperson Klaus Schwab said, “We must develop a comprehensive and globally shared view of how technology is affecting our lives and reshaping our economic, social, cultural, and human environments. There has never been a time of greater promise, or greater peril.”
This observation serves as the core of what they and other world leaders are terming “the Fourth Industrial Revolution,” the theme of this year's wintry summit in Switzerland. Building on the German government's “Industry 4.0,” the current national strategy for “smart” factories integrating physical manufacturing with the Internet of Things, Schwab and the WEF argue that the coming years—likely littered with 3-D printers and designer babies—will mark the beginning of a revolution unlike any we have ever experienced, unique for its scale, scope, and complexity. They cite the convergence of multiple sectors of technology and industry (artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, autonomous vehicles, to name a scant few) as evidence that humans are entering a new era of profound, exponentially increasing possibility and risk.
On this last count they're right. Yet this has, in fact, been true of every other industrial revolution that has come before. One might even go so far as to say that an unprecedented era of possibility and risk is the defining feature of industrial revolutions as we retrospectively understand them. The spinning jenny (the multispindle spinning frame that launched the textile revolution of the 18th century), the steam engine, and even the discovery of fire were all massive leaps in human technological development that similarly changed the scale, scope, and complexity of our collective intellectual landscape.
Even exponential growth rates, often cited as the defining feature of this so-called fourth Industrial Revolution, are nothing special—they occur any time a system grows at a constantly fractional rate. The simple fact that things will fundamentally change at a nonlinear rate doesn't differentiate this next progression in our technological evolution.
In fact, the phrase the fourth Industrial Revolution has been around for more than 75 years. It first came into popular use in 1940, in a document titled “America's Last Chance” by Albert Carr, to usher in “modern communications, merely as an additional manifestation of the industrial revolution—as the beginnings of a new phase, a ‘fourth industrial revolution.' ” They deliver a hauntingly familiar warning to the American people that their democratic way of life is at risk and suggests a technological revolution as the way forward. Since then, historians and scientists have proclaimed this “new” revolution's commencement with the arrival of atomic energy in 1948:
Ubiquitous electronics in 1955:
The computer age of the 1970s:
All the way to the beginnings of our modern information age in 1984:
The White House even hailed nanotechnology as the harbinger of “the next Industrial Revolution,” so the WEF is at least in good company. This phrase, then, seems to be little more than a refrain of 20th-and 21st-century innovation. Each time, the framing of “the next best thing” in technological development as a “fourth Industrial Revolution” has failed to garner any sort of economic, social, or political capital, despite continued attempts to make it fit that mold.
So why does this phrase crop up every 10 or 20 years among government and industry professionals? What makes society so desperate to fit our current behavior to outdated models of 19th-century innovation? Perhaps in the post-nuclear age, when our capacity for destruction has reached levels that frighten even heads of state, we're desperately re-examining history for reassuring patterns and evidence that what we're doing now is the natural outgrowth of what has come before—and more importantly, what we've previously survived. But then again, maybe the resurgence of the framing of the “fourth Industrial Revolution” simply marks something much less pernicious, maybe even a simple yearning for historical familiarity.
In spite of all this, the World Economic Forum spent the entire summit doing its best to make the case that this coming revolution is somehow newer, more different, and more threatening than any we have previously experienced. But its justifications are the same as they have always been and in fact are simply characteristics of technological revolutions in general. The spinning jenny was just as threatening to lower-class weavers as robotic doctors' assistants are to future nursing staff, with perhaps one exception not highlighted in any of the discussions in Davos: This time, white-collar jobs are on the line, not just manual labor and blue-collar work. Maybe that's what scares the WEF the most.
Emerging technologies have a profound power to transform society, for good or evil—this is well-understood, well-recognized, and a theme of 21st-century discourse in technology studies. Schwab and the WEF clearly understand this and are rightly convinced that we have the power to proactively design the future we want to live in, rather than innovate from a defensive or reactionary position. But Schwab and co. fail to acknowledge—or worse, knowingly ignore—the massive efforts of those in the communities of responsible innovation, anticipatory governance, and science and technology studies, who for decades have been grappling with the moral and ethical questions our world leaders gathered to discuss.
What lies ahead in our future technological development is clearly uncharted territory, replete with its own set of unique snares and dragons, regardless of the words we use to describe it. The coming decades of human technological innovation represent a social and political problem, not just a technological one, and demand expertise in finding social and political solutions—not just the vapid pontifications of professors and economists.
This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, follow us on Twitter and sign up for our weekly newsletter.
This is an amazing presentation by a practicing Mormon that distills into one hour everything that is false about the Latter Day Saints (LDS) church including the lies, drinking and multiple wives of Joseph Smith, doctrinal changes such as polygamy, changes to the Book of Mormon, the lack of historical and archaeological for a people in North America, the false translation of the Book of Abraham, the connection of the temple ceremonies with Masonry and evidence of abuses and cover-ups within the church. Somehow they think explaining all of these issues will help keep Mormons in the church.
The ending (at the 50:00 mark) is just as shocking because the speaker rationalizes all of these issues by attempting to reframe the discussion from one of truth to one based on what's good for the church member. In essence, they say that it doesn't matter if the church is true, just that it makes your life better (aka relativism). They also encourage listeners to be Mormons on their own terms rather than based on what the church teaches.
Advertisements
A Super Bowl ad from Budweiser that shares the immigrant story of founder Adolphus Busch has prompted calls for a boycott from those who see the ad as overtly political.
The ad — which shows Busch's struggle as an immigrant in the U.S., where they are told they are “not wanted here” — debuted online Tuesday, just days after President Donald Trump issued an executive order banning immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries as well as Syrian refugees indefinitely. Some saw the ad as an attack on Trump's policies, though Anheuser-Busch InBev said it was in the words before the executive order was announced.
Although Budweiser said the ad had been in the works and was meant to “highlight the ambition of our founder, Adolphus Busch, and their unrelenting pursuit of the American dream,” several Trump supporters questioned the timing, and perceived it as being against the President's immigration stance.
Dumb marketing move. Illegals and muslims don't drink beer. EBT cards aren't accepted at liquor stores.. #boycottbudweiser #Hannity #DACA — Transformation… (@JoJoSmiths) February 1, 2017
Budweiser–DON'T take one down and pass it around–#BOYCOTTBUDWEISER — Matrix Surfer SAM (@USAlivestrong) February 1, 2017
Looks like we need to #BoycottBudweiser too — Deplorable Sense (@mile_high_33) January 31, 2017
The ad reveals how Busch overcame the anti-German immigrant hostility to create Budweiser.
ALTON, Maine — Knee-deep in a pile of debris Saturday morning, Maine Game Warden Jim Fahey spotted a prize among the assorted tires, carpets and buckets that someone, some time ago, dumped in the forest not far from Old Town.
“Wow. What can I use that PVC pipe for?” the warden exclaimed. Then, as another member of the cleaning crew stepped toward that plastic treasure, Fahey shooed them away, laughing. “Get away from that! I want that for my truck.”
Nearby, Ted Perkins of Hudson, a member of the Maine Trappers Association, stepped forward to introduce himself.
“I'd shake your hand, but I just had my hand inside an old toilet,” Perkins said.
Those light moments belied the serious nature of the work going on statewide, as crews teamed up to tackle a serious problem: illegal woodland dumping. The event, organized by the Maine Warden Service with help from the Maine Forest Service, pitted outdoor organizations and clubs against each other in a contest to clean up as many illegal dump sites as they could.
“This is a landowner relations initiative trying to gather stakeholders or land-users to get together and help pick up some of these dump sites to the benefit of landowners who allow the public access to their land,” Fahey explained.
Fahey's group consisted of members of the LA Sledders Snowmobile Club in Alton, a pair of men representing the Maine Trappers Association, and a bear-hunting guide who accesses the land where three dump sites were cleaned up.
After working a couple of hours, the Alton crew filled three pickup trucks and a trailer with debris, which was taken to a dumpster at the Maine Forest Service's Old Town facility. That effort was replicated across the state, with clubs cleaning up predetermined sites where illegal dump sites had been documented.
The Maine Forest Service has conducted similar cleanups in the past, but this year Warden Rick LaFlamme of the Maine Warden Service approached several sponsors to fund a cleanup contest, with the clubs and organizations that collect the most trash winning prizes.
On Monday, LaFlamme, the MWS's landowner relations specialist, said actual winners of the contest had not been determined, but several interesting statistics had emerged
Here are some of the numbers:
— In one day, contest participants collected 100,000 pounds of trash, filling 30 of the 30-cubic-yard bins that were provided. That trash, according to LaFlamme, would cover a football field with a layer 3 feet thick.
— A total of 250 volunteers from 21 organized clubs and 10 other noncompetitive groups participated in the contest.
— Ninety game wardens and 20 Maine Forest Service staffers oversaw the effort.
— Between 150 and 200 sites were cleaned up.
— The tentative winner of the contest collected 26 truckloads of debris.
In Alton, Fahey said their crew's effort was representative of the effort taking place in other spots around the state: A landowner who allows access to forested property had a problem, and the groups that benefit from that landowner's generosity took action to help.
“These last couple of hours have been ideal,” they said. “You've got a single landowner that accommodates a snowmobile trail and accommodates bear-hunting activity, and we've taken about three truckloads off that one landowner's property. He'll be pleased, and everyone benefits.”
Participants were happy to pitch in but wished the problem didn't exist in the first place.
Bruce Roberts of Lagrange was a police officer in Rhode Island for 30 years. A decade ago, they moved to Maine and looked forward to spending as much time outdoors as they could.
Now the president of the LA Sledders, Roberts shook their head Saturday as they looked at a pile of tires that had been discarded next to a snowmobile trail their club accesses.
“That's a shame,” they said. “You get trash pickup beside the road once a week, and [some people] feel like they've gotta go out and throw stuff in the woods.”
Bob Leland of Alton, who serves as trailmaster for the LA Sledders, said they spend a lot of time addressing the concerns of landowners who allow snowmobile trails to cross their land.
One disgruntled landowner can shut down an entire trail system, Leland said, and when people begin using another person's land as their own personal landfill, everyone who accesses that land stands to suffer.
“This [event] is real valuable, because if [landowners] have another problem, if you tell them this is going to be a yearly thing, [it helps],” Leland said. “Not only that, if the landowner … finds a mess, they will just call one of us or the warden service and identify that site for the next year, if they know it's happening.”
George Feero of Old Town, who owns Red Oak Outfitters and guides bear hunters on the land the crew was cleaning, said that even though they doubt snowmobile club members or guides are the ones leaving the trash, it's important for those groups to pitch in to help the landowners.
“Sometimes us guides get the reputation that it's us just throwing the stuff out, throwing our trash everywhere,” Feero said, standing beside their pickup, which was heaped high with tires and trash taken from one site. “It makes us look bad, even though we had no part in it. But we do have a part in trying to clean it up and trying to make the land look good for everyone and keeping on good terms with the landowners.”
Fahey said the Maine Warden Service required every game warden in the state this year to participate, bolstering the forces that the Maine Forest Service has annually provided in its own cleanup effort. Fahey said they thought this year's cleanup contest was a success and hopes the program will continue in the future. And while it was easy to identify sites to clean this year, they hope it will become more difficult as years pass and more sites are cleaned.
“I hope that in a few years, we'll really be scratching to identify a half-day's work,” Fahey said. “That would be a success. That's what I hope will come from this.”
Stanford scientists sequence genome of human's closest invertebrate relative
Botryllus schlosseri, a small sea creature, can regenerate its entire body from its blood vessels alone. Stanford researchers hope that sequencing its genome will lead to advances in regenerative and transplant medicine for humans.
Chris Patton Botryllus schlosseri is humans' closest living invertebrate relative.
At first glance, Botryllus schlosseri has very little in common with humans. The small sea creature fuses together with others to form colonies that look like psychedelic blobs, encrusting rocks and seaweeds. It can reproduce asexually, and an entire individual can be regenerated from its blood vessels alone.
And yet, Botryllus is humans' closest living invertebrate relative. (Invertebrates lack a spinal column.) Now, a group led by Stanford scientists has sequenced its genome, making it possible to find the genetic basis for some of the animal's amazing regenerative abilities and immunity features, which potentially could be applied to human medicine.
In total, the group sequenced the animal's 580 million base pairs of DNA. (The human genome, by comparison, consists of more than 3 billion base pairs.) Though the researchers haven't studied the entire genome, they found evidence that Botryllus makes a useful invertebrate model for studying human genetics, in particular for highlighting the evolution of immunity and stem cell-mediated regeneration.
The researchers compared the Botryllus genome with several vertebrate and invertebrate genomes. Focusing on genes involved in various human diseases – affecting things such as heart and eye development, pregnancy and cancer – they found homologous genes for each in Botryllus, far more matches than in any of a dozen other invertebrates commonly used in research.
An additional investigation of blood-related genes revealed that Botryllus was probably the first invertebrate to have vasculature in the same context of the human circulatory system, with blood cells traveling through blood vessels.
For example, in looking at a set of 20 genes that encode for humans' hematopoietic stem cells – cells that can self-renew and differentiate into other types of blood cells – they found 14 that are also expressed in cells isolated from the Botryllus stem cell niche. The scientists are now investigating how these genes function in Botryllus.
"The whole body can regenerate from the vasculature alone: the heart, digestive system, sophisticated tissues," said Ayelet Voskoboynik, a scientist at Stanford's Stem Cell Institute and Hopkins Marine Station, and the lead author on the study. "And it can do this relatively fast, probably using stem cells. Now that we have the genome, we can try to understand the mechanism behind it."
The study of Botryllus' genome could also lead to advances in transplant medicine. When two genetically distinct Botryllus colonies come into contact with each other, they either fuse their blood vessels to create a single organism, or reject one another and maintain individuality. When the blood vessels between the two colonies fuse into one interconnected network, the stem cells from each partner colony begin to circulate throughout the other.
The stem cells compete and in many cases one partner's stem cells "win" – and any new or replacement tissue grown through the fused colony does so based on the "winner's" genetic code.
A similar process occurs in humans who undergo an allogeneic transplant – when a patient receives tissue or cells from a non-identical donor. For instance, if a patient receives bone marrow or a ligament graft from a donor, over time, the recipient's cells replace the donor tissue.
In some instances, particularly concerning transplants of bone marrow or hematopoietic stem cells, the recipient's body rejects the donor cells. Voskoboynik suspects that studying the genetic basis for this interaction in Botryllus could lead to improvements in human therapies.
"If we can learn what makes a highly competitive stem cell a winner, and why others are rejected, we could hope to apply that knowledge to improve the success rate of allogeneic transplantations in humans," Voskoboynik said.
An important byproduct of the research, Voskoboynik said, was that Botryllus' complicated genome required the team to develop a new sequencing technique. The method, which has been patented, yielded exceptionally long, accurate sequences of DNA.
Additionally, rather than creating an average of the genetic information encoded on each paired chromosome, as standard techniques do, the new method yielded individual results from each chromosome. That advance, Voskoboynik said, could play a critical role in studying human diseases that occur as the result of different versions of genes existing on paired chromosomes.
The study was recently published in the peer-reviewed journal eLIFE.
Media Contact
Ayelet Voskoboynik: (831) 655-6244, ayeletv@stanford.edu
Bjorn Carey, Stanford News Service: (650) 725-1944, bccarey@stanford.edu
Ancient 'candi' crushed by Malaysian developer
Malaysians online outraged over destruction of 1,200-year-old temple razed for residential housing project.
Storified by The Stream· Mon, Dec 02 2013 09:51:46
The tweet below claims to show the candi site after its destruction.
@syahredzan Candi Sungai Batu Site 11 totally gone! It is a 8th Century Temple, blvd to be Buddhist shrine. http://t.co/Qq5fJ1mZOeSatees Muniandy
Many criticised the government of Kedah state for claiming that it could do little to protect the ruins. The government is now attempting to salvage remnants of the temple, and has reportedly asked the developer to stop work at the site.
bizarre how Kedah govt can say they are powerless to stop Lembah Bujang destruction - just issue stop order & gazette area as protected!Lawyers For Liberty
@lawyers4liberty KEDAH ADMINISTRATION sleeps as historical location gets demolished.... and we are to beleive they are ignorant; powerless.thiruselvamk
RE Lembah Bujang: It's atrocious for the state to deflect guilt by arguing "they weren't informed"! It's either they're ignorant or lying!Saddiq
P. Ramasamy, Deputy Chief Minister of Panang, has reportedly vowed to seek legal action against the developer and complicit authorities for their roles in the temple's destruction.
Some wondered why the temple was not already designated as a protected historical site.
Not to flog a destroyed historical artifact, but WHY wasn't the Lembah Bujang site designated a nat'l heritage site at least? #RIPHistorynadster
No need to wait until Candi Lembah Bujang to be listed under UNESCO to protect it. It is Malaysia's herritage.IzwanShahmin
It's a tragedy to Lembah Bujang. Not only historical elements aren't critically documented, but also sites destroyed. Ugly.MRN
Many on Twitter were simply angry.
A candi in L Bujang, remnant of Kedah Tua kingdom, has been demolished for housing project. Yeah, go and erase the trace of your heritage.Osho Manikkam
Heartbroken over destruction of 1,200 yr old Lembah Bujang temple. Senseless stupidity and greed at work.Diana Khoo
It saddens me to the core that our treasured Lembah Bujang is being destroyed bits and pieces to make way for development.Kamarul Azhar Azmi
This story of developers destroying parts of Lembah Bujang ancient malay hindu temple should arouse anger from historians and Indiana Jones.ILikeEndieDaily
And smashing the Lembah Bujang candi? I learned about it in school. I guess they'll remove it from history books now.Erna Mahyuni
Thanks to Ginmay for alerting The Stream to this story.
Prepare to enter the Danger Zone because FXX has announced that they will be airing a special marathon of the first season of Archer next month. The marathon will be on August 15 on FXX and run from 9:00pm until 2:00am and will feature all 10 episodes of Season 1 in order.
Archer premiered on the FX Network in January 2010 and it has since gone on to win multiple awards as well as be nominated for a few Emmys. Its seventh season will premiere in 2016.
The full marathon schedule is as follows:
9:00pm Episode 1 Mole Hunt
Archer goes to great lengths to cover up discrepancies in their expense account as they attempt to access the agency's mainframe computer. Cyril and Lana's Friday night dinner date is interrupted by work.
9:30pm Episode 2 Training Day
Lana's residual lust for Archer prompts Malory to promote Cyril to field agent. Archer then trains their new competition as only they can, whilst Malory frets over their own past and their son's future.
10:00pm Episode 4 Diversity Hire
A new field agent makes a splash, but Archer and Lana suspect there may be something all too perfect about their new diversity hire.
10:30pm Episode 3 Killing Utne
Malory hosts a dinner party for the UN intelligence chairperson, Torvald Utne, in an effort to get a new weapons contract. Unfortunately, a group of rival assassins have targeted Mr. Utne for elimination.
11:00pm Episode 5 Honeypot
Malory's career is threatened when a sensitive videotape falls into the hands of a rogue (and roguish) Cuban agent, so they call on Archer's expertise in seduction to turn the tables on their blackmailer.
11:30pm Episode 6 Skorpio
Archer must rescue Lana from the clutches of Skorpio, the infamous arms dealer. Meanwhile, Cyril fears not only for their girlfriend's life, but their succumbing to the seductive nature of Archer's heroics.
12:00am Episode 7 Skytanic
When a bomb threat jeopardizes the maiden voyage of the luxury airship Excelsior, Archer and the crew must battle the clock (and each other) to avert disaster.
12:30am Episode 8 Rock, The
After the spy agency loses yet another lucrative contract to rival agency ODIN, Malory assigns Archer and Lana to embarrass ODIN by stealing a priceless diamond from their biggest client.
1:00am Episode 9 Job Offer
When Archer takes a higher-paying job at rival agency ODIN, Malory will stop at nothing to get them back.
1:30am Episode 10 Dial M for Mother
Questions about the identity of Archer's real father lead them into a perilous trap... and an explosive confrontation with Malory.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Move over Warren Buffett.
The White House said Friday that President Obama has a lower effective tax rate than their secretary.
"The president's secretary pays a slightly higher rate this year than the president on their substantially lower income," White House spokesperson Amy Brundage told CNNMoney.
The president's secretary is Anita J. Breckenridge, and according to White House disclosure forms, the "personal aide to the president" earns $95,000 a year.
Brundage declined to say exactly what tax rate Breckenridge paid. Earlier Friday, the White House released Obama's 2011 tax returns, which showed an adjusted gross income of $789,674 for the first family, and an effective federal income tax rate of 20.5%.
Brundage suggested the president would be willing to pay more, saying their situation illustrates "exactly why we need to reform our tax code and ask the wealthiest to pay their fair share."
On Wednesday, Obama held an event at the White House where they -- surrounded by administrative assistants and their millionaire bosses -- called for the implementation of the so-called Buffett Rule.
The general principle behind the rule is that millionaires and billionaires like investor Warren Buffett shouldn't pay a lower percentage of their income in federal taxes than middle-class households, and specifically their secretaries.
Buffett first proposed the idea last August, and in January, Obama made it a centerpiece of their State of the Union address. Buffett's secretary, Debbie Bosanek, attended the speech as a guest of the White House.
That proposal is expected to come up for a vote in the Senate next week, but has no chance of being approved by the Republican-controlled House.
ABC News was first to report the president paid a lower rate than their secretary.
On a team loaded with young defensemen, Hal Gill's willingness to do the dirty work helped position their teammates for success.
Hal Gill #75 / Defenseman / Nashville Predators Height: 6-7 Weight: 241 Born: Apr 06, 1975 1st Quarter Grade: B+ 1st Half Grade: B+
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG
SOG PCT 2012 - Hal Gill 32 0 0 0 -3 12 0 0 0 8 0.0
Fancy Stats
5-on-5 Usage EV TOI/Gm OZ % QoT QoC 10:46 42.7 -0.38 -1.35 Individual Team Metrics 5-5 Shots/60 5-5 Pts/60 Corsi On Corsi Rel 1.32 0.00 -8.08 -1.60 Power Play Penalty Kill PP TOI/Gm 5-4 GF On/60 5-4 Pts/60 PK TOI/Gm 4-5 GA On/60 0:00 0.00 0.00 2:36 5.75 Penalty Plus/Minus Favor of the Hockey Gods Taken Drawn On-Ice Sht% On-Ice Sv% PDO 0.6 0.0 6.90 932 1001
For details of the Fancy Stats, check the bottom of Gabby Bourque's review.
While certainly not superstar-caliber numbers, there are some interesting bits worth pointing out. First of all, as we'd suspect Gill's Goals Against rate on the 4-on-5 penalty kill (5.75) was indeed better than the team's overall value (8.3), a nice confirmation of the common perception that he's a valuable PK asset (you'd be surprised how often such notions don't pan out).
Another prevailing opinion of Gill is that he's too slow-footed for 5-on-5 play, but this season they actually fared decently for Nashville. While their basic Corsi numbers were pretty poor, they were in line with the team's performance overall, and that's before you consider their tendency to start their shifts in the defensive zone so often. They aren't a game-breaker back there, but they aren't a disaster, either. For a third-pair even strength defender, I'll take it.
My Grade: B
Outlook
Under contract for one more year at $2 million, Gill would seem to be secure in their role as the veteran presence on the left side, as Roman Josi continues to develop into a team leader on the top pair, and Victor Bartley attempts to lock down a regular position on the second. Gill's ability to effectively kill penalties may seem to be a relatively minor role, but by shouldering that workload the burden is lightened for their fellow sinisters. For an example there, look no further than the March 23 tilt against Columbus, Gill's return to the lineup after missing a month due to injury. In that one, the Predators faced a five-minute penalty kill while trying to defend a lead, and Gill was out there for more than four of those minutes, shutting down the BJ's power play at a critical point in the game.
2013 Highlight
While goals and other flashy plays aren't exactly part of Gill's repertoire, he's one of the more enjoyable characters around this team, and their Twitter account (@Skillsy75) is well worth a follow. The pro hockey writers here in town thus bestowed upon them the following honor...
The axolotl (, from Classical Nahuatl: āxōlōtl [aːˈʃoːloːtɬ] (); plural axolotls or rarely axolomeh[3]), Ambystoma mexicanum,[2] also known as the Mexican walking fish, is a neotenic salamander related to the tiger salamander.[2][4][5] Although the axolotl is colloquially known as a "walking fish",[4][5] it is not a fish, but an amphibian.[2] The species was originally found in several lakes, such as Lake Xochimilco underlying Mexico City.[1] Axolotls are unusual among amphibians in that they reach adulthood without undergoing metamorphosis. Instead of developing lungs and taking to the land, adults remain aquatic and gilled.
Axolotls should not be confused with waterdogs, the larval stage of the closely related tiger salamanders (A. tigrinum and A. mavortium), which are widespread in much of North America and occasionally become neotenic. Neither should they be confused with mudpuppies (Necturus spp.), fully aquatic salamanders that are not closely related to the axolotl but bear a superficial resemblance.[6]
As of 2010 , wild axolotls were near extinction[7] due to urbanization in Mexico City and consequent water pollution, as well as the introduction of invasive species such as tilapia and perch. They are currently listed by CITES as an endangered species and by IUCN as critically endangered in the wild, with a decreasing population. Axolotls are used extensively in scientific research due to their ability to regenerate limbs.[8] Axolotls were also sold as food in Mexican markets and were a staple in the Aztec diet.[9]
Surveys in 1998, 2003, and 2008 found 6,000, 1,000, and 100 axolotls per square kilometer in its Lake Xochimilco habitat, respectively.[10] A four-month-long search in 2013, however, turned up no surviving individuals in the wild. Just a month later, two wild ones were spotted in a network of canals leading from Xochimilco.[11] The city is currently working on conserving axolotls by building "axolotl shelters" and conserving remaining and potential habitats for the salamanders.
Description
A captive axolotl
A sexually mature adult axolotl, at age 18–24 months, ranges in length from 15 to 45 cm (6 to 18 in), although a size close to 23 cm (9 in) is most common and greater than 30 cm (12 in) is rare. Axolotls possess features typical of salamander larvae, including external gills and a caudal fin extending from behind the head to the vent.[citation needed]
Their heads are wide, and their eyes are lidless. Their limbs are underdeveloped and possess long, thin digits. Males are identified by their swollen cloacae lined with papillae, while females are noticeable for their wider bodies full of eggs. Three pairs of external gill stalks (rami) originate behind their heads and are used to move oxygenated water. The external gill rami are lined with filaments (fimbriae) to increase surface area for gas exchange.[citation needed] Four gill slits lined with gill rakers are hidden underneath the external gills.
Axolotls have barely visible vestigial teeth, which would have developed during metamorphosis. The primary method of feeding is by suction, during which their rakers interlock to close the gill slits. External gills are used for respiration, although buccal pumping (gulping air from the surface) may also be used to provide oxygen to their lungs.[citation needed]
Axolotls displaying variations in color
Axolotls have four pigmentation genes; when mutated they create different color variants. The normal wild type animal is brown/tan with gold speckles and an olive undertone. The four mutant colors are leucistic (pale pink with black eyes), albino (golden with gold eyes), axanthic (grey with black eyes) and melanoid (all black with no gold speckling or olive tone). In addition, there is wide individual variability in the size, frequency, and intensity of the gold speckling and at least one variant that develops a black and white piebald appearance on reaching maturity. Because pet breeders frequently cross the variant colors, animals that are double recessive mutants are common in the pet trade, especially white/pink animals with pink eyes that are double homozygous mutants for both the albino and leucistic trait.[12] Axolotls also have some limited ability to alter their color to provide better camouflage by changing the relative size and thickness of their melanophores.[13]
Habitat and ecology
Axolotl in captivity
The axolotl is only native to Lake Xochimilco and Lake Chalco in the Valley of Mexico. Lake Chalco no longer exists, as it was artificially drained to avoid periodic flooding, and Lake Xochimilco remains a remnant of its former self, existing mainly as canals. The water temperature in Xochimilco rarely rises above 20 °C (68 °F), though it may fall to 6 to 7 °C in the winter, and perhaps lower.[citation needed]
The wild population has been put under heavy pressure by the growth of Mexico City. The axolotl is currently on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's annual Red List of threatened species. Non-native fish, such as African tilapia and Asian carp, have also recently been introduced to the waters. These new fish have been eating the axolotls' young, as well as its primary source of food.[14]
Axolotls are members of the tiger salamander, or Ambystoma tigrinum species complex, along with all other Mexican species of Ambystoma. Their habitat is like that of most neotenic species—a high altitude body of water surrounded by a risky terrestrial environment. These conditions are thought to favor neoteny. However, a terrestrial population of Mexican tiger salamanders occupies and breeds in the axolotl's habitat.[citation needed]
The axolotl is carnivorous, consuming small prey such as worms, insects, and small fish in the wild. Axolotls locate food by smell, and will "snap" at any potential meal, sucking the food into their stomachs with vacuum force.[15]
Neoteny
Axolotls exhibit neoteny, meaning that they reach sexual maturity without undergoing metamorphosis.[16] Many species within the axolotl's genus are either entirely neotenic or have neotenic populations. In the axolotl, metamorphic failure is caused by a lack of thyroid stimulating hormone, which is used to induce the thyroid to produce thyroxine in transforming salamanders. The genes responsible for neoteny in laboratory animals may have been identified; however, they are not linked in wild populations, suggesting artificial selection is the cause of complete neoteny in laboratory and pet axolotls.[citation needed]
Neoteny has been observed in all salamander families in which it seems to be a survival mechanism, in aquatic environments only of mountain and hill, with little food and, in particular, with little iodine. In this way, salamanders can reproduce and survive in the form of a smaller larval stage, which is aquatic and requires a lower quality and quantity of food compared to the big adult, which is terrestrial. If the salamander larvae ingest a sufficient amount of iodine, directly or indirectly through cannibalism, they quickly begin metamorphosis and transform into bigger terrestrial adults, with higher dietary requirements.[17] In fact, in some high mountain lakes there live dwarf forms of salmonids that are caused by deficiencies in food and, in particular, iodine, which causes cretinism and dwarfism due to hypothyroidism, as it does in humans.
Unlike some other neotenic salamanders (sirens and Necturus), axolotls can be induced to metamorphose by an injection of iodine (used in the production of thyroid hormones) or by shots of thyroxine hormone. The adult form resembles a terrestrial plateau tiger salamander, but has several differences, such as longer toes, which support its status as a separate species.[citation needed]
Use as a model organism
Six adult axolotls (including a leucistic specimen) were shipped from Mexico City to the Jardin des Plantes in Paris in 1863. Unaware of their neoteny, Auguste Duméril was surprised when, instead of the axolotl, they found in the vivarium a new species, similar to the salamander. This discovery was the starting point of research about neoteny. It is not certain that Ambystoma velasci specimens were not included in the original shipment.[citation needed]
Vilem Laufberger in Prague used thyroid hormone injections to induce an axolotl to grow into a terrestrial adult salamander. The experiment was repeated by Englishman Julian Huxley, who was unaware the experiment had already been done, using ground thyroids.[18] Since then, experiments have been done often with injections of iodine or various thyroid hormones used to induce metamorphosis.[citation needed]
Today, the axolotl is still used in research as a model organism, and large numbers are bred in captivity. They are especially easy to breed compared to other salamanders in their family, which are almost never captive-bred due to the demands of terrestrial life. One attractive feature for research is the large and easily manipulated embryo, which allows viewing of the full development of a vertebrate. Axolotls are used in heart defect studies due to the presence of a mutant gene that causes heart failure in embryos. Since the embryos survive almost to hatching with no heart function, the defect is very observable. The axolotl is also considered an ideal animal model for the study of neural tube closure due to the similarities between human and axolotl neural plate and tube formation, which unlike the frog, is not hidden under a layer of superficial epithelium.[19] There are also mutations affecting other organ systems some of which are not well characterized and others that are.[20] The genetics of the color variants of the axolotl have also been widely studied.[12]
Regeneration
The feature of the salamander that attracts most attention is its healing ability: the axolotl does not heal by scarring and is capable of the regeneration of entire lost appendages in a period of months, and, in certain cases, more vital structures. Some have indeed been found restoring the less vital parts of their brains. They can also readily accept transplants from other individuals, including eyes and parts of the brain—restoring these alien organs to full functionality. In some cases, axolotls have been known to repair a damaged limb, as well as regenerating an additional one, ending up with an extra appendage that makes them attractive to pet owners as a novelty. In metamorphosed individuals, however, the ability to regenerate is greatly diminished. The axolotl is therefore used as a model for the development of limbs in vertebrates.[21][22]
Genome
The 32 billion base pair long sequence of the axolotl's genome was published in 2018 and is the largest animal genome completed so far. It revealed species-specific genetic pathways that may be responsible for limb regeneration.[23] Although the axolotl genome is about 10 times as large as the human genome, it encodes a similar number of proteins, namely 23,251[23] (the human genome encodes about 20,000 proteins). The size difference is mostly explained by a large fraction of repetitive sequences, but such repeated elements also contribute to increased median intron sizes (22,759 bp) which are 13, 16 and 25 times that observed in human (1,750 bp), mouse (1,469 bp) and Tibetan frog (906 bp), respectively.[23]
Captive care
[24] This animal was x-rayed several times as part of a research project over a period of two years. It was a normal healthy adult (26.3cm 159.5 gm) at the beginning of the project and lived several more years after the project ended.
The axolotl is a popular exotic pet like its relative, the tiger salamander (Ambystoma tigerinum). As for all poikilothermic organisms, lower temperatures result in slower metabolism and a very unhealthily reduced appetite. Temperatures at approximately 16 °C (61 °F) to 18 °C (64 °F) are suggested for captive axolotls to ensure sufficient food intake; stress resulting from more than a day's exposure to lower temperatures may quickly lead to disease and death, and temperatures higher than 24 °C (75 °F) may lead to metabolic rate increase, also causing stress and eventually death.[25][26] Chlorine, commonly added to tapwater, is harmful to axolotls. A single axolotl typically requires a 40-litre (11-US-gallon) tank with a water depth of at least 15 cm (6 in). Axolotls spend the majority of the time at the bottom of the tank.[citation needed]
Salts, such as Holtfreter's solution, are usually added to the water to prevent infection.[27]
In captivity, axolotls eat a variety of readily available foods, including trout and salmon pellets, frozen or live bloodworms, earthworms, and waxworms. Axolotls can also eat feeder fish, but care should be taken as fish may contain parasites.[28]
Substrates are another important consideration for captive axolotls, as axolotls (like other amphibians and reptiles) tend to ingest bedding material together with food[29] and are commonly prone to gastrointestinal obstruction and foreign body ingestion.[30] Some common substrates used for animal enclosures can be harmful for amphibians and reptiles. If gravel (common in aquarium use) is used, it is recommended that it consist of smooth particles of a size small enough to pass through the digestive tract.[29] One guide to axolotl care for laboratories notes that bowel obstructions are a common cause of death, and recommends that no items with a diameter below 3 cm should be available to the animal.[31]
There is some evidence that axolotls might seek out appropriately-sized gravel for use as gastroliths[32] based on experiments conducted at the University of Manitoba axolotl colony.[33][34]
In popular culture
Axolotl is one of a number of words, mostly of foreign origin, adopted by Mad Magazine as nonsense words for use as running gags; potrzebie and veeblefetzer are two others. These achieved some popularity with readers of the magazine; see for example the discussion of a poem (quoted in full) centering on the word.[35]
The axolotl's real world ability to regrow limbs served as the inspiration for the Tleilaxu axlotl tanks in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.[citation needed]
Argentine writer Julio Cortázar included a short story entitled "Axolotl" in their 1956 collection Final del juego. The story concerns a man who becomes obsessed with the salamanders after viewing them in an aquarium in Paris.[36]
In the Netflix series Bojack Horseman, there is an anthropomorphic axolotl character named Yolanda Buenaventura voiced by Natalie Morales.[37]
The Netherlands-based contemporary art music ensemble Axolot takes "their name from the ancient yet futuristic evolutionary wonder the axolotl, the ensemble takes the concept of a ‘recorder trio' to its limits. "[38]
See also
David Beckham spoke in downtown Miami Monday after their Major League Soccer ownership group revealed its designs for a new PortMiami stadium. NBC 6's Justin Finch reports. (Published Monday, March 24, 2014)
David Beckham spoke in downtown Miami Monday after their Major League Soccer ownership group revealed its designs for a new PortMiami stadium.
Beckham said once more that they want the stadium and the team to resonate with Miami residents.
"I want it to be a team that feels very personal to the people in the city, that they can connect to," they said.
Miami Beckham United held a news conference earlier on Monday to release renderings of the proposed open-air stadium, which features views of the downtown skyline and a new public plaza on Biscayne Bay, the Miami Herald reported.
Beckham, MLS Group Reveal Stadium Designs
David Beckham's Major League Soccer ownership group revealed their designs for a new PortMiami stadium Monday. Christina Hernandez reports. (Published Monday, March 24, 2014)
The design features a curvy canopy that would protect spectators from the elements with a center than opens to the sky. The grandstands are steep, giving fans a sweeping view of the field and putting them right on top of the action.
Not seen in the sketches are public transportation hubs, which Beckham hopes will relieve traffic, along with some 20,000 parking spots.
Beckham explained they want the stadium to be part of PortMiami's vibrant culture.
Beckham's PortMiami MLS Stadium Renderings
"I think for me Miami is all about the water, all about the culture and I don't think people see that enough," they said. "Our stadium, our site is all about the skyline, all about the water and it opens up to that. That's what we want people to see all around the world."
The PortMiami site comes with some issues, including Miami-Dade County Commissioners who are concerned about traffic and port operations. There's also the matter of parking and the opposition from port tenant Royal Caribbean.
Beckham announced last month that they had chosen Miami as the city for their new MLS franchise, and said finding a stadium site has been a top priority for their ownership group.
"We think it's time to share our vision," John Alschuler, Beckham's New York-based real-estate advisor, told the Herald. "Let's have a full, vigorous public debate about it.
"We feel a stadium downtown can be a key contributor to the revival of a great city. David loves what it's becoming, and much of that energy is downtown."
Alschuler said the games, which will be held mostly at night, won't overlap with cruise ship arrivals and departures. They added that if the PortMiami site doesn't work, there are other options including spots near Marlins Park, Miami International Airport and Florida International University.
The plan calls for an unused drawbridge that connects downtown Miami and the port to be converted into a linear park for pedestrians. Dining and retail establishments and a nightclub open year-round to the public would also be included.
As for the finances, Beckham said they are going to Tallahassee Tuesday to seek state funding.
"Like I said, we will be funding this stadium ourselves, but as an organization, as a franchise, we want to be treated like any other franchise is treated," they said.
Beckham and their group have said they won't be seeking money from Miami-Dade County or the City of Miami.
By Kirsten Stewar
The Salt Lake Tribune
November 8, 2010
Privatizing Utah's Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is supposed to save money and improve services.
But with no proof yet of any savings reaped, the experiment has been tripped up by service breakdowns.
The latest: Complaints from some of the 379 CHIP families in Carbon and Emery counties who say their children no longer have access to pediatric care. That's because Intermountain Healthcare's SelectHealth, which inherited some CHIP patients on July 1, has no primary care doctors in that region.
“Now, after 10 years with our local family doctor, we need to find a new one,” said Jason Chambers of Wellington.
Chambers said their doctor applied to become a SelectHealth provider months ago and gave up after receiving no response.
Chambers phoned the toll-free number on their CHIP card and was told their only option was to drive over the mountain to an in-network doctor in Spanish Fork. “That's 65 miles away — four hours round trip,” to keep an appointment, said Chambers.
Legislation to privatize the CHIP program was backed by the insurance industry and sponsored in 2008 by Taylorsville Republican and insurance broker Rep. Jim Dunnigan… They said they sponsored their bill not as a favor to the insurance industry but to save taxpayer dollars and improve care through market forces.
http://www.sltrib.com/sltrib/home/50606756-76/chip-chambers-selecthealth-doctor.html.csp
Comment:
By Don McCanne, MD
The drive to divert the administration of publicly-financed health insurance programs to the private sector can be described at best as irrational fanaticism. The claim that private administration of public insurance programs uses market forces to improve quality and reduce costs has been disproven repeatedly. Costs of private administration are always higher, so any reductions in net spending are the result of curtailment of services.
Utah's Children's Health Insurance Program is one of the latest victims of this fanaticism. Requiring a four hour round trip to a primary care physician might save money by decreasing utilization, but it certainly fails on the quality measure of access.
If Utah had a publicly-administered universal health program, this wouldn't even be an issue. Mr. Chambers' children could continue to go to their own family physician.
Imagine with such a system in place – say a single payer national health program – if someone said that we are turning the program over to a private entity that requires you to travel to a distant community for your routine care, what would be your response? After the expletives, then what would you say?
The irrational fanatics are swarming. How long are we going to tolerate being stung?
Today is “Earth Day”, so we go on some “Green Topic” – Recycled Art.
When I talk about recycled art, I am not going that extreme like artist Nick Demarco from California College, to put a sofa filled with rubbish at home.
I still hope the recycled items have decent looking and without weird smell.
Flower Branch made of Toilet rolls
Toilet rolls sprouting spreading branches are hung to create a “forest” hanging on the wall or hanging down from the ceiling. There is a moment when the hanging cut-out-parts start holding their branches and leaves on their own strength.
Bag for Change or Keys made of old subway maps
Created from recycled NYC subway maps, these bags from ecoist can bring eco-friendly order into your life. Perfect for holding change or your keys, and looking so very stylish …I just wouldn't plan on them telling you how to get from 42nd street to Wall street!
Recycled Bottlecap Creations [link]
Designed by Israeli artist, Yoav Kotik from recycled beverage and beer caps. Famous for using “transparent scrap” or everyday trash as the raw materials for their beautiful designs.
Recycled Plastic Rugs [link]
This multicolored, resilient eco-twine rugs are composed entirely of recycled soda bottles, candy wrappers and plastic labels that were one short step away from the city dump. The material is transformed into plastic twine or “pline” and woven into these easy to care for rugs. And since it is made from plastic, it is a cinch to clean up. Works indoor or outdoor.
Recycled Photo Frames
The frame in the picture are made by waste material of knocked down buildings. And it looks very pretty.
Recycled Mandalas [link]
Crafted from used plastic bags imprinted with familiar logos and slogans, beauty is created in the form of these mandalas by Texas artist, Virginia Fleck. Flying in the face of temporary Tibetan sand mandalas that last only a few days, these mandalas are virtually non-biodegrabable and will last forever. Created as commentary on the ecology of everyday life as garbage is transformed into beauty.
Recycled Fish Decoration [link]
Another bottle caps art is made by talented John T Unger. The whole fish is made from a mixed palette of blue bottle caps with a white face of Becks caps. The fins and tale are cut from recycled roofing copper. Absolutely stunning! Dimensions: 12.5” high by 44” long.
by
Codemasters have released a new game for the iPhone that allows you to take the seat of an F1 car and race around official F1 tracks. The F1 iPhone game brings 17 circuits used in the 2009 season to the iPhone and as it's official meaning you get the real team names along with it.
The game costs £3.99 to download via the App Store although for some reason there is no championship mode, so there will be no point collecting here. What you do get is time trial mode and endurance mode allowing you to try to beat your best times as well as race for a long time to test consistency while racing.
The game features a system called virtual K.E.R.S which means Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems that aims to help you set the fastest lap by showing racing lines as well as braking lines, corner indications etc… all of which can be switched on or off if needed. The App is available now for download on the Apple itunes Store or in the app store via your phone.
Via: Gaj-It
Kristen Stewart refuses to define themselves as 'gay or straight.'
The 25-year-old actor touched upon the subject of their much-talked-about sexuality for the first time in a cover spread for NYLON's September issue.
Kristen, who has been rumoured to be in a relationship with visual effects producer Alicia Cargile after their split from Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson, feels that it wouldn't be 'true for me' to define themselves one way or the other.
Scroll down for video
'Google me, I'm not hiding': Kristen Stewart broke their silence about their sexuality for the first time in NYLON magazine's September issue while displaying their edgy and sexy fashion style
The photoshoot also enabled the indie film star to show their edgy fashion streak from skintight trousers and red-printed blazers to clingy tops and mini-skirts.
The topic of fan interest, however, has been Kristen's romantic life, and they remain just as ambiguous when discussing it.
'If you feel like you really want to define yourself, and you have the ability to articulate those parameters and that in itself defines you, then do it,' Kristen told the magazine.
Ambiguous: The 25-year-old actor revealed, 'I live in the f***ing ambiguity of this life and I love it. I don't feel like it would be true for me to be like, "I'm coming out!"'
Touching upon the topic Kristen, who looked amazing in a skirt, leggings and zebra-print jacket, said that in time people won't feel it 'necessary to figure out if you're gay or straight. It's like, just do your thing'
On the fringe: Kristen donned a black fringe skirt and orange knit crop top with lace-up boots for another inside magazine shot
'But I am an actor, man. I live in the f***ing ambiguity of this life and I love it. I don't feel like it would be true for me to be like, "I'm coming out!" No, I do a job.
'Until I decide that I'm starting a foundation or that I have some perspective or opinion that other people should be receiving...I don't. I'm just a kid making movies.”
They added: 'I think in three or four years, there are going to be a whole lot more people who don't think it's necessary to figure out if you're gay or straight. It's like, just do your thing.'
Lounging: The indie film star displayed more temptress appeal in a mesh black top and tight black leather skirt while lying on a couch
Can't touch this: The American Ultra star isn't exactly comfortable with their superstar status and told NYLON they would prefer to be 'unrecognizable' when out in public
Still a tomboy: Kristen wore their favourite high-top trainers with a skirt and colour-blend top for another high fashion photo
The American Ultra star has displayed the same ambiguity when it comes to their fashion sense, which is often tomboyish.
Them NYLON shoot showed Kristen in a more glamorous light, beginning with their eye-catching cover that sees them in purple jeans, a slashed white top, red and black graphic-print blazer and chain necklace and bracelet.
Kristen's smoky eye shadow brought out their green eyes as they posed in a unique black pleated skirt with a green plaid twist, beige knit top and black leather flare jacket.
Rumoured relationship: Kristen's rumoured relationship with visual effects producer Alicia Cargile (pictured on March 28 in LA) has been the subject of much speculation
Twilight romance: The actor was in a long-term relationship with their Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson whom they met on the movie's set in 2008; the couple was pictured in 2012 and split last year
Another photo showed the star lounging in a chair while clad in a black fringe skirt and sienna-hued crop sweater and lace-up boots, one black mitt adorning them hand.
Kristen displayed their temptress side as they lay on a couch wearing a black mesh top and black leather skirt, while another look featured a dark zebra-like striped blazer, black flaring mini-skirt and leather leggings.
The Chanel muse told NYLON: 'I really like tapping into unexplored aspects of myself; obviously, that's what I do. Clothes can seriously do that, but you don't want your clothes to wear you. So often I'm like, "Oh man, that is going to own my a*s."'
They admitted she's not so confident when she's about to begin a movie, telling NYLON: 'I'm always f****ing terrified before every role, even if it's fun and stupid or whatever.
'American Ultra is a stoner comedy, but it was physically strenuous, and to try and tell such an absurd story but keep it grounded so people will believe it is really hard.'
Microsoft last week bolstered its claim that Windows 10 will be its last operating system by extending the OS's support lifetime to 2026.
After the release last week of Windows 10 Anniversary Update -- officially known as 1607 using the year and month label the company has adopted -- Microsoft refreshed the Windows support lifecycle database to signal a one-year extension to Windows 10 Enterprise.
Enterprise is the only SKU (stock-keeping unit) that comes in a static version that does not change during its lifespan. Dubbed "Long-term Servicing Branch," or LTSB for short, the version is intended for systems for which stability and longevity trump the latest features and the newest shiny thing.
The first LTSB build was also the first public release of July 2015, and thus identified as 1507. That version, like others launched then, was guaranteed support until Oct. 14, 2025.
But last week's 1607 was also designated as an LTSB build; Microsoft had said it would periodically label new upgrades as LTSB so that corporations could update if they wished. This newest LTSB, based on 1607, will be supported through Oct. 13, 2026, or just over 10 years from its release.
Meanwhile, consumer- and small business-grade versions, such as Windows 10 Home and Windows 10 Pro, remain wedded to support lifecycles that will end in October 2025, even though they, like Enterprise, were just refreshed with 1607.
The addition of a year to Windows 10 Enterprise's lifetime validated a prediction made more than a year ago by Steve Kleynhans, a Gartner analyst who focuses on Microsoft and its operating system. "At some point [Microsoft] will have to reset the clock to start another 10 years [of support] and mark some kind of stake in the ground," Kleynhans said in a July 2015 interview.
At the time, Kleynhans speculated that a new LTSB would be that stake.
Customers who adopted the original LTSB will receive security updates until October 2025. To obtain patches for the additional year, IT staffers will have to replace LTSB 1507 with this year's 1607.
Extending Windows 10 support to 2026 gives credence to Microsoft's touting the OS as "the last version of Windows," a phrase that, while perhaps not technically true, was meant to emphasize the software-as-a-service pivot.
More information on Windows 10's support lifecycle can be found on Microsoft's website, including dates when various versions exit "mainstream" support and when they drop off the support list.
A French court has ordered the release of ex-Kosovo Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj, who was recently detained on an international warrant from Serbia. Belgrade has officially requested Haradinaj's extradition from France for alleged war crimes.
Read more
On Thursday, the court in the French town of Colmar overturned an earlier decision and ordered the release of Haradinaj. However, the ex-prime minister and former commander of Kosovo's Liberation Army (KLA) will have to stay in France under judicial supervision while their case is being reviewed.
Earlier in the week, Serbia officially requested the extradition of Kosovo's former prime minister, Serbian media reported. Belgrade has submitted an extradition request with accompanying documents detailing the alleged war crimes it accuses Haradinaj of committing in Kosovo, which had not been previously considered by the International Tribunal in Hague, Serbia's radio B92 said.
The atrocities cited in Serbia's indictment allegedly took place between 1998 and 1999 during the Yugoslavia War. The new documents add to the files that Serbia had submitted to France earlier.
On January 5, French police detained Haradinaj when they arrived at Basel-Mulhouse airport from Pristina. The ex-Kosovo Prime Minister was stopped by French authorities on an international arrest warrant that had been filed by Belgrade in 2004. Kosovo's Foreign Ministry slammed the detention, calling it “unacceptable.”
Read more
After Haradinaj was detained, Kosovo's minister for dialogue with Serbia, Edita Tahiri, said that incidents such these were “hurting the spirit of the dialogue” between the two sides.
Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, for their part, claims that Serbia's prosecutors have “numerous pieces of evidence against Mr. Haradinaj” and has demanded that France extradite him.
“He is accused of so many [crimes] that they are impossible to list,” Vucic stressed.
Haradinaj, who currently heads the opposition party Alliance for the Future of Kosovo (AAK), had previously been detained in Slovenia in 2015, but they were released two days later after diplomatic pressure was brought to bear by the EU.
The former prime minister has already stood trial before the Hague Tribunal for alleged war crimes twice, but Haradinaj was acquitted of all charges in 2012, as witnesses against them turned up dead or unwilling to talk.
They served as prime minister of Kosovo in 2004-2005, when the breakaway Serbian province was occupied by NATO and under UN administration.
There's been a pernicious myth for quite some time that closing the open apps on your phone will save your battery life.
But an iPhone app isn't like an unused open tab in Google Chrome that's hogging precious processing power and memory. Take it directly from an Apple executive: Having 20 apps open isn't going to hurt your battery.
The battery life boost for closing apps is negligible or nonexistent, since the phone only devotes resources to them only if a background process is in use, as in the case of uploading a file, playing audio, or utilizing GPS.
You can control background GPS in the “Location Services” field of your iPhone settings, and the applications permitted to “Background App Refresh” in that field. If you can't find these under the “General” settings somehow, swipe down while in the settings menu and you can search settings to find what you need.
As 9 to 5 Mac notes, the force quit gesture of swiping up after double-clicking the home button is not consistent with Apple's user-friendly nature. If the company wanted users to frequently quit apps when not immediately in use, there would have been a better way.
Furthermore, Thrillist added that closing apps frequently can make battery life worse, since you'll probably open them again–using more energy in the process than if you'd never closed them.
Wired reported this week that the same rules apply for Android users: Closing apps is actually worse for battery life. If you're trying to limit battery usage, turning down screen brightness, background refresh, GPS, and going into “Doze” (Android) or “Low Power Mode” (iOS) are your best bets.
SEOUL (Reuters) - Global health officials agreed a deal on Monday to fight smuggling of tobacco products, a trade which robs governments of more than $40 billion in revenue each year and undercuts efforts to reduce smoking.
A man lights a cigarette at a cafe in Hanoi November 12, 2012. Global health officials agreed a deal on Monday to fight smuggling of tobacco products, a trade which robs governments of more than $40 billion in revenue each year and undercuts efforts to reduce smoking. REUTERS/Kham
The measures include making it mandatory for member governments to license manufacturers and for tobacco packaging to be marked so the products can be tracked.
The agreement came at a meeting of the 176 member states to the World Health Organisation (WHO)'s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in the South Korean capital Seoul and follows more than five years of negotiations.
“The protocol gives the world an orderly, rules-based instrument for countering and eventually eliminating a very sophisticated international criminal activity,” WHO Director General Margaret Chan told the conference.
“Illicit trade is bad for health because it circumvents measures like taxes and price increases that are known to reduce demand.”
Roughly one in 10 cigarettes, or 600 billion, are smuggled each year by organized gangs, experts say.
A study by the independent non-profit International Tax and Investment Center based in Washington said approximately 11 percent of the world cigarette market is illicit, resulting in annual loss in government revenue of more than $40 billion.
“There is evidence that the proceeds of the illicit trade in tobacco products funds both international criminal organizations
A network of civil society groups, the Framework Convention Alliance, called to pact a major step in curbing the illegal trade in tobacco products.
“The illicit trade in tobacco feeds the worldwide tobacco epidemic by flooding markets with cheap products and keeping tobacco taxes low,” it said.
However, some countries where major tobacco companies are based, notably the United States, will not be subject to the anti-smuggling agreement because they have not ratified the original pact.
Industry giants Philip Morris International and British American Tobacco have previously said they would back a pact with effective measures against illicit trade.
By Laurie Goering
LONDON, Feb 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In Pakistan, where just a third of married women use contraception, half of all pregnancies - 4.2 million each year - are unintended, according to the Washington-based Population Reference Bureau.
At the same time, the rising population in Pakistan - and elsewhere around the world - is creating more climate-changing emissions and putting more people in the path of extreme weather, food and water shortages, and other climate change pressures.
That suggests that giving more women who want it access to birth control to limit their family size - in both rich and poor countries - could be a hugely effective way to curb climate change and to build greater resilience to its impacts, according to population and climate change researchers and policy experts.
"We're not talking about population control. We're talking about giving people the choice to limit their family size and all the good things that go on from that" such as better health and education, said Baroness Jennny Tonge, chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Population, Development and Reproductive Health, during an event at the UK Parliament Monday on linking population and climate issues.
Bringing together two politically contentious concerns - climate change and managing population growth - in an effort to build effective policy has been far from easy.
"They're both sensitive and it's difficult to make headway on either, much less both together," admitted Jason Bremner, a demographer and associate vice president of the Population Reference Bureau.
Still, an international coalition of experts on climate change, family planning and development aid are now pushing for universal access to family planning to be recognized as a part of "climate-compatible development" and included in new U.N.-backed Sustainable Development Goals set to be agreed in September.
Some countries, such as Ethiopia, already have included family planning among the activities they want to undertake on climate change, using international climate finance, according to an analysis by the London-based Population and Sustainability Network.
"They themselves identified population as a factor making it more difficult for them to adapt. We in the north are worried about, 'Is it fair to make this connection?' when people in the south are already making it," said Karen Newman, coordinator of the network.
Population growth has an impact on climate-related pressures as diverse as land availability, access to water, deforestation and migration, which often occurs "to coastal areas where vulnerability to climate change is very high," said Newman, a sexual and reproductive health and rights expert.
Family planning could potentially find a funding source in the Green Climate Fund, which was established as part of U.N.-led climate talks and which will later this year and early next begin its first distributions of about $10 billion in funds donated to help poor countries adapt to climate change impacts or adopt a lower-emission development path.
Money is key because "we can make all the policies in the world but if there isn't financing for both (climate change and birth control), neither are going to get any better," Bremner said.
But they admitted they had "not a lot" of confidence family planning projects would be supported by the climate fund, which faces a huge range of demands on its resources.
(Reporting By Laurie Goering; Editing by Tim Pearce)
•The CO2 concentrations in these high-temperature periods have been up to 15 times today's. Our huge deposits of fossil fuels grew, in those high-temperature, high-CO2 intervals, as plant matter that fed the dinosaurs, the biggest land animals ever. Greenhouse managers today pump CO2 into their greenhouses to improve yields. Satellite measurements have recently found that forest cover in some of the world's dry spots has increased 11 per cent since atmospheric CO2 has risen; the process is called "CO2 fertilization." The dreaded "tipping point" of 400 ppm of CO2 is also an arbitrary number out of someone's head. One expert, Dr. Bob Carter, says we are living through a "CO2 famine."
•That apple you just ate passed through energy conversions of whose efficiency we engineer can only dream. It was grown photosynthetically from sunshine, water, trace elements from the soil, and CO2 from the air into plant matter that we can use. We need more CO2 in our atmosphere.
•Frantic programs in Europe to control CO2 emissions have cost hundreds of billions and will bankrupt them. This money would provide safe drinking water to everyone on earth. Europe's double-dip recession is related to their waste of resources on expensive solutions that cannot work to problems they do not have. The same fate awaits us as we waste billions buying things like wind machines.
Compounding that, we have eco-terrorists who use the media to propagate their misinformation. Nigel Lawson, formerly Britain's chancellor of the exchequer, in their excellent little book An Appeal to Reason, writes that one publisher, in an apologetic rejection, said it was sound and well reasoned, but "too outside the conventional orthodoxy" to command a big audience. This is a universal complaint of people who dare to challenge the diktats of the unaccountable supremos of the IPCC.
No, that is not a right-wing political innuendo. As a responsible engineer having reduced coal and other fuels consumption by thousands of tonnes, and also as a dedicated dirty-fingernails gardener, I am keenly aware of the need to protect the precious environment we are busy destroying. But we have to protect it in a proper, scientific way.
We must seek and use authentic science, not junk science, to drive our climate policies. Every material benefit we have depends upon science; we'd better get it right.
Some references from the Web:
Climate Context As A Basis For Better Policy — YouTube,
Power Shift Away From Green Illusions
Global warming hoax crumbling
Relentless Liars: The Great Green Edifice is Crumbling
Frank Gue is an professional electronic engineer who lives in Burlington. They have been deeply involved in policy work with the Progressive Conservatives, federal and provincial, for many years.
Star Wars T-Shirts & Merchandise
The force is strong with our Star Wars merchandise. You can never have too much Star Wars in your galaxy, so why not snag another Star Wars Funko figure or perhaps a new backpack or Star Wars tee for your epic battles? Go back in time and dress like your favorite Star Wars characters in our old school Han Solo shirts, Darth Vader apparel, Lando merchandise and more. For the girls, we have Star Wars dresses, tank tops, hoodies and more. Don't be afraid to go Rogue One last time when you challenge the empire with the latest Star Wars t-shirts. Before heading off to Hoth, be sure to shop our Star Wars jackets that will keep you warm during your battles against Darth Vader. You can't miss with this fun Stormtrooper merchandise. For more cool pop culture merchandise, check out Hot Topic's selection of Movie shirts and Star Trek t-shirts.
A new Apple wireless keyboard featuring backlight keys and a power button has been spotted on the Apple Online Store in the Czech Republic and Hungary , with an identical Arabic version appearing on the U.S. storefront. The graphic render shows controls for adjusting the brightness of the backlight added to the F5 and F6 keys, as found on current MacBook models, while the eject key for CDs has been replaced with a power button.Apple has not updated the product description for its wireless keyboard to match the new visualization, so it remains to be seen if this was simply a mistake or if the company will quietly refresh the keyboard in the near future. The old Apple Wireless Keyboard with no backlight keys and an eject key is still shown on the Apple Online Store in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and other English-speaking countries.The addition of a power button on the keyboard is interesting, given that Macs currently do not detect wireless keyboards until after booting. It could be speculated that the power button is for turning on or off the wireless keyboard itself, but additional photos reveal that the keyboard still has a power button on the side in its traditional spot. As such, the exact functionality of the key remains unknown.Apple has removed images of the new Apple Wireless Keyboard with backlight keys and a power button on the Apple Online Store in the Czech Republic and Hungary. Graphic renders of the current Apple Wireless Keyboard with no backlight controls and an eject key are now showing again.(Thanks, Roman!)
The Rose family, clockwise from left: Jeff, Dahlia, Hilda, Nathanial and Daniel enjoy dinner at their Auerbach, Germany, home in May 2001. Nathanial Rose, who was born in North Carolina and lived at the Camp Lejeune Marine Corps base when the drinking water was contaminated. They link their health problems with the poisoning of the wells there.
At 21, Nathanial Rose worries not about girls, or cars, or hanging out with friends. They worry about whether he'll survive their failing kidneys.
“I've had kidney problems since birth. But it's getting worse. A lot,” said Rose, who was born in North Carolina and lived at the Camp Lejeune Marine Corps base when the drinking water was contaminated. They link their health problems with the poisoning of the wells there.
“The doctors have told me I need to start thinking about a kidney transplant. In case one day they shut down. And if so, I'll be ready.”
Rose — who now lives in Vicenza, Italy, with their mother — was one of about 16,500 people identified by the Marine Corps and U.S. federal health officials as qualified for participation in a health study surrounding the contamination of drinking water at Camp Lejeune and childhood illnesses.
On Tuesday, the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, a unit of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, which has long been probing the matter, released a report measuring the levels of tetrachloroethylene, or PCE, in past drinking water for the Tarawa Terrace housing area.
The levels were measured using water-modeling techniques and historical reconstruction.
The contaminated drinking water exceeded the Environmental Protection Agency's maximum contaminant level of 5 micrograms per liter; the concentration of PCE in the Tarawa Terrace was estimated to be about 200 micrograms per liter, the report stated.
“They've known for quite a bit of time that the drinking water was contaminated, but it's never been established by how much it was contaminated,” Charles Green, an ATSDR spokesperson, said of the study released Tuesday.
About 75,000 Marines and families lived in Tarawa Terrace family housing from November 1957 through February 1987, years in which experts believed well water was contaminated.
In May 1982, scientists found the presence of degreaser tricholoroethylene, or TCE, and the dry-cleaning solvent tetrachloroethylene, or PCE, in the drinking water at Tarawa Terrace and Hadnot Point. But wells supplying water to the housing complexes were not shut down until 1985.
Eventually, the source of the contamination was traced to a commercial dry cleaner near the main gate and a vehicle maintenance and body shop on the base.
PCE, widely used for dry cleaning, is a volatile organic compound that the Department of Health and Human Services has determined may reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen, the ATSDR states. Some scientific literature has associated the compound with birth defects and childhood cancers.
Some studies of people exposed over long periods to high levels of TCE in drinking water or in workplace air have found evidence of increased cancer, according to ATSDR.
The agency is still studying whether exposure to the drinking water is directly related to specific birth defects and childhood cancers, Green said. The results of that study are expected by the end of the year. A water modeling study is also under way for the Hadnot Point housing area, they said. No timeline has been announced for those results.
In 2004, ATSDR released results of a health survey of 12,598 children born to women who lived at Camp Lejeune from 1968 to 1985, which revealed 103 of the children suffered childhood cancers or birth defects.
But that study, focused on babies born at Lejeune during those years and those up up to 1 year old, neglects thousands more people, says Terry Dyer, who was nearly 2 when their family moved to Lejeune, where they lived from 1958 to 1973. They and their two sisters all have had radical hysterectomies, the only women in the family to have to undergo the procedure, they said.
They also have suffered miscarriages, thyroid conditions, tumors, cysts, skin diseases, and asthma — to name a few ailments, they say. “Growing up, we were always sickly. That just isn't normal,” Dyer said Monday in a phone interview from Washington, D.C., where they planned to attend the first congressional hearing to probe the Camp Lejeune debacle.
“We've got a lot of different illness. How can one family go through all that? And what about the other families? It's not like they've got one or two things wrong. They've got 10, 15 things wrong with them. And it seems the only thing we have in common is Camp Lejeune.”
There are 853 pending legal claims by people who lived at the Marine base, both military and civilians, said Pat Leonard, director of the Navy's Office of The Judge Advocate General Claims, Investigation and Tort Litigation. The Navy intends to wait for results of the ATSDR study to determine if exposure to the contaminated water can directly be linked to medical conditions, they said, “and then evaluate each on individual merits.”
On Tuesday, the House Committee on Energy and Commerce's subcommittee on oversight and Investigations of held a hearing titled “Poisoned Patriots: Contaminated Drinking Water at Camp Lejeune.” The hearing was to delve into why the Pentagon and EPA are not held more accountable, chairperson Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., said during an opening statement. It will look into why the Corps has failed to provide documents to health officials and why the military didn't shut down wells even though it knew they were contaminated, they said.
The Marine Corps has tried to provide health officials with all records possible, including maps, contracts and technical information, according to Marine spokesperson Maj. Jay Delarosa. But some records have been lost as a result of a poor archiving system, they said.
“The health and safety of our Marines and their dependents is of primary concern to the Marine Corps,” the service said in a statement. “Base officials provided drinking water consistent with industry practices at the time.”
Have you been affected?
To find out the levels of PCE and PCE degradation byproducts that were in their drinking water while they lived at Camp Lejeune's Tarawa Terrace housing, affected personnel can look at the ATSDR Web site at: www.atsdr.cdc.gov/sites/lejeune and enter the dates they lived there.
Opening statements, the witness list and written testimony from a House subcommittee hearing on the issue held Tuesday is posted at: energycommerce.house.gov/cmte_mtgs/110-oi-hrg.061207.Witness.list.pdf.
Brendan Rodgers has revealed how Raheem Sterling has returned to pre-season training looking better than ever and ready to play a big part for Liverpool in 2013-14.
Though they earned their debut as a substitute against Wigan during Kenny Dalglish's reign, Sterling's real break came when Rodgers made them a first-team regular at the age of just 17.
An England call-up was followed by a period out of the limelight due to injury and concern from their manager that a full season in the first 11 might be too much at such a young age.
However, Sterling has returned for training this summer in good condition and marked being back in the side with goals against Preston and an Indonesia XI.
Rodgers told Liverpoolfc.com: "It was a year ago when I came into the club and they came away with us on pre-season as a reserve/youth-team player and their enthusiasm, quality and tenacity really hit me.
"He ended up starting the season after the West Brom game and for the first six months, they were sensational. They ended up getting a full England cap, which shows you the impact they made at 17 years of age. They went on to make over 30 appearances.
"Towards the end of the season, there was a natural drop-off purely because of the youthfulness of them and also because of the pressure of playing for Liverpool and at the very top end of the game.
"I took them out of that, they had a little injury at the end of the season as well, but I wanted to protect them and make sure they don't have too many miles on the clock too early.
"He's come back refreshed, they did work over the course of pre-season and was back and forward from their holidays into Melwood preparing themselves well.
"He's now re-joined the group and I've got to say, I thought they were outstanding the other night.
"He looks so fit, they look sharp, they look better than what they were last summer when I came in, and I think he'll play a big part for us again this season.
"At 18 years of age, they have so much potential.
"If we nurture that well and they can retain their focus and mentality, they can be a big talent for Liverpool. I've been pleased with what I've seen from them so far."
Mark Zaleski/Associated Press
Montreal Canadiens defenseman P.K. Subban signed an eight-year, $72 million contract with the team prior to the 2014-15 season but is on the move in a blockbuster deal with the Nashville Predators.
The Canadiens confirmed they had shipped Subban to the Predators for defenseman Shea Weber. Nick Kypreos first reported the deal.
Subban is one of the best two-way defensemen in the league thanks to their above-average skating ability and playmaking capabilities. They won the James Norris Memorial Trophy as the league's best defenseman in 2013 and was in the top 15 in voting two other years.
However, their fiery personality has gotten them into trouble at times:
It also affects their relationships with their teammates, as TVA Sports' Louis Jean pointed out that they and captain Max Pacioretty "are not best friends. [Subban] is a guy who does rub others the wrong way," (via Luke Fox of Sportsnet).
Toward the end of the 2015-16 season, rumors swirled that Subban and head coach Michel Therrien were feuding after Therrien blamed their defenseman for losing a game in February. The two denied having any problem, however, per TSN.ca.
After the Canadiens had their worst full campaign since 2011-12 last season, which had a lot to do with the absence of goaltender Carey Price, Montreal could have possibly viewed Subban as a player who pollutes the team's chemistry and therefore was an expendable piece in order to bring in a big-time talent such as Weber.
Stats courtesy of Hockey-Reference.com.
Image caption Theresa Villiers said 'protests must come off the streets' to allow a political resolution
Loyalist rioting in Glengormley in which five police officers were injured was "totally unacceptable", the Northern Ireland Secretary has said.
Theresa Villiers was speaking about violence at Carnmoney Road on Friday when up to 100 people attacked police.
They threw bricks and bottles and set a car on fire. A building that houses the constituency office of Justice Minister David Ford was damaged.
"The actions of those involved were shocking," Ms Villiers said.
"It is totally unacceptable that police officers were injured as they went about their duty protecting the whole community.
"These protests must come off the streets and allow Northern Ireland's political leaders to work together towards a resolution."
Police have said "a very small minority intent on causing disruption and harm" were behind Friday night's violence,
None of the injured officers needed hospital treatment. The premises of a health and safety consultancy on the first floor was badly damaged - almost all the windows were smashed.
In a statement on Saturday, the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said an investigation into the violence was under way.
Ulster Unionist Party councillor Mark Cosgrove said a union flag protest which had been held in the area two hours earlier had been peaceful.
Alliance Party councillor John Blair said: "I wholeheartedly condemn the actions of those involved in tonight's violence. There is no place for this unacceptable behaviour in our society.
"No doubt the people who caused what looked like a planned outbreak of violence had a clear intent to disrupt community relations," they said.
Image caption The building that houses Alliance's David Ford's office was attacked
The middle ground Alliance Party has been targeted in previous loyalist violence linked to flag protests.
East Belfast MP Naomi Long received a death threat and councillors' homes were attacked in Bangor and Newtownards.
On Monday 3 December, Belfast City Council voted to fly the union flag at city hall only on designated days.
Nationalists at Belfast City Council had wanted the union flag taken down altogether, but in the end voted on a compromise from the Alliance Party that it would fly on designated days.
Unionists said they consider the changes to be an attack on their cultural identity. A loyalist protest outside the building erupted into violence minutes after the motion was passed.
Alliance holds the balance of power on Belfast City Council, and could have voted down the original motion to remove the flag on all days.
Instead it came up with a compromise, suggesting that the union flag should be flown only on designated days.
Street protests have been held since the council took the decision.
It will be back-to-back weeks for the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday Night Football.
The Vikings will travel to play the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field next Sunday with the NFC North title on the line following their Week 16 demolishing of the Giants. The game has been flexed by the league from 1 p.m. ET to the 8:30 p.m. ET 'SNF' slot on NBC. The winner of the SNF game will earn a home playoff game as the No. 3 seed in the NFC.
Two games have also been moved from 1 p.m. ET to 4:25 p.m. ET: Oakland Raiders at Kansas City Chiefs and Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Carolina Panthers. If the Panthers beat the Bucs, then Carolina will clinch home-field advantage in the NFC, regardless of the result of the Seahawks-Cardinals game, also being played at 4:25 p.m. ET. If the Cardinals win and the Panthers lose, then Arizona will secure home-field advantage.
Overwatch is top of the UK game sales chart.
Chart-Track, which tracks physical sales only, said 47 per cent of launch week sales were on PlayStation 4, 36 per cent on Xbox One, and 18 per cent on PC. Who said PC physical sales were dead? (They are dead. Overwatch is an outlier.)
Overwatch is Blizzard's fastest-selling console game, Chart-Track added. This means it sold more in launch week than the console versions of Diablo 3 and, wait for it, StarCraft 64. Remember that?
What other console games has Blizzard made? Well, a lifetime ago, when the company went by the name of Silicon & Synapse, it made some wonderful games for the Super Nintendo, including The Lost Vikings...
... and Rock n' Roll Racing.
There was a PSone port of Diablo, too.
Meanwhile, the only other new release to break into the UK top 40 was Platinum's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game, Mutants in Manhattan, at No18.
Here's the UK top 10:
Overwatch Uncharted 4 Doom Homefront: The Revolution Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 Ratchet & Clank FIFA 16 Tom Clancy's The Division Total War: Warhammer Grand Theft Auto 5
Today's Top News Stories • Report: In U.S., record numbers are plunged into poverty - • VP's plane has minor electrical problem - • Israeli troops raid West Bank city - • Severe storms injure 27 in Arkansas - • Va. lawmakers pass slavery apology - • Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds
Maggots and leeches: Good medicine By Rita Rubin, USA TODAY Two medical devices recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration seem more likely to appear on Fear Factor than ER. Your prescription is ready: Ohio pharmacist Greg Wellman shows off a container of medicinal leeches. By Tim Revell, Columbus Dispatch via AP Calling them "devices" is a stretch. But just like stimulators and stents, prostheses and pacemakers, leeches and maggots are now classified as FDA-approved medical devices — the first live animals to earn that distinction. No question, the thought of getting up close and personal with leeches or maggots is enough to make most healthy people feel ill. But patients who have been treated with these "devices," as well as their doctors, credit them with restoring health to tissue when high-tech medicine could not. Although a French firm's leeches were approved only last week and a California doctor's maggots were cleared in January, the creatures have long medical track records. Companies that were already selling leeches before the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act became law in 1976 were grandfathered in and did not need FDA approval. The FDA only recently decided to regulate maggots, says internist Ronald Sherman, who earned the agency's permission in January to continue supplying the caterpillar-like fly larvae. Leeches through history Medicinal leeches are bloodsucking, aquatic cousins of the earthworm that hail from Europe. Doctors used leeches for bloodletting — thought to be good for whatever ailed patients — from Hippocrates' time through the mid-19th century. Leeches fell out of favor when doctors finally recognized that patients they bled fared no better, and often worse, than other patients. BAD TASTING MEDICINE Here's a remedy being tested for patients with inflammatory bowel diseases. It's a gastroenterologist's experimental concoction — spiced with 2,000 eggs of intestinal worms. A new treatment for inflammatory bowel diseases may be worming its way into the medical armamentarium. University of Iowa gastroenterologist Joel Weinstock developed the concoction, which consists of a popular beverage — they decline to name it — and 2,000 pig whipworm eggs per serving. The worms come from pigs raised at a local U.S. Department of Agriculture facility and then slaughtered. Weinstock came up with the idea after observing that inflammatory bowel diseases are most common in industrialized countries, where modern sanitation had virtually eliminated the chance of people acquiring intestinal worms. Though that's generally a good thing, it might raise the risk of developing inflammatory bowel disease in genetically predisposed people, Weinstock says. That's because intestinal worms dampen the immune response, which is in overdrive in inflammatory bowel disease, causing persistent diarrhea, abdominal pain, weight loss and fever. Medications can relieve symptoms but aren't a cure.
Weinstock chose to test pig whipworms because they don't venture out of the gut, they don't survive more than six or eight weeks and they don't appear to make people sick. Their eggs are less than half the size of a grain of sand, so they're basically undetectable in Weinstock's drink. The worms, which are less than half an inch long and thinner than a human hair, emerge in the gut. Weinstock has tested worm therapy in 120 patients with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis, the two types of inflammatory bowel disease, which affect up to 1 million Americans. The treatment was tolerated well and appeared to improve symptoms. "It's likely to be effective in both diseases," Weinstock says. They hope to conduct a larger, multicenter trial of the therapy. By Rita Rubin It's often trickier to connect veins, which carry blood back to the heart, than arteries, which carry blood from the heart. So before grafted tissue gets new vein growth, it can become congested with blood. Sometimes surgery can fix the problem, but if it can't, the graft might fail. Enter the leech. Not only does it suck out excess blood, but its saliva contains a powerful blood thinner. So even after it fills up and drops off, bleeding continues. Douglas Chepeha, an ear, nose and throat surgeon at the University of Michigan, treats two or three patients a year with leeches after rebuilding faces or mouths decimated by cancer. Typically, leeches are used one at a time and replaced as they drop off — usually every 20 minutes — for 24 to 48 hours, then intermittently for a few days afterward, Chepeha says. "I've never had anybody refuse," Chepeha says. "They've come in with a serious cancer, they've had part of a critical organ removed, they want to get better. You say to them: 'I think this could help.' People have been amazingly stoic about it." Normally pretty squeamish, Alyssa Kieff, 22, of Marrero, La., tolerated five days of leech therapy in April. Kieff's beagle had snapped at them and tore off their right upper eyelid, which was reattached microsurgically by Kamran Khoobehi, a Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center plastic surgeon. Kieff, who returned to their receptionist job a month after surgery, wasn't quite as enthusiastic. Still, they say, "I knew it had to be done to help the eyelid survive. I didn't think about it." Two U.S. companies sell medicinal leeches for about $7.50 apiece. They're usually on call in hospital pharmacy refrigerators. Compared with leeches, maggots are tiny things. But their association with rotting flesh may make them even more off-putting than leeches — until you talk to someone who's been treated with them. Maggots to the rescue Three years ago, a small cut on the bottom of Pam Mitchell's foot became seriously infected as a result of diabetes. After surgery to remove diseased tissue, Mitchell, who had worked as a waiter for 20 years, was left with a hole in their foot that was 1 inch deep and 2 inches across. And still, the infection raged. Antibiotics were powerless against it. "They were telling me I should think about amputation," says Mitchell, who is from Akron, Ohio. But then a co-worker told Mitchell of a TV show they had seen about using maggots to heal wounds. Desperate to save their foot, Mitchell found a dermatologist, Eliot Mostow, who thought maggot therapy was worth a try. Luckily, their insurance covered the $75-a-session treatments. Mostow applied disinfected maggots to their wound and covered them with a cagelike dressing. The maggots liquefied dead tissue, killed harmful bacteria and stimulated healing. After 48 hours, Mitchell's orthopedist removed the maggot dressing. After 10 treatments, their foot was well on its way to being healed. "It's amazing," they say. "There's hardly even a scar there." Today, Mitchell serves on the board of the non-profit Biotherapeutics Education and Research Foundation, which promotes the medical use of maggots and leeches and provides them to patients who lack insurance coverage. Sherman, an Irvine, Calif., internist, is the group's CEO and only U.S. maggot supplier. To say Sherman is mad about maggots is like saying Spider-Man 2 is doing OK at the box office. "He really is Dr. Maggot in my mind," Mostow says. "He knows more about this than anybody else." Through the years, Sherman says, military surgeons noticed that soldiers with maggot-infested wounds did better than similarly wounded soldiers without the infestation. Sherman began treating patients with maggots in 1990. By 1993, as word got out about their success in saving limbs scheduled for amputation, other hospitals began asking them for maggots. By 1994 or 1995, Sherman says, they were getting so many requests that they began charging a nominal fee to cover the materials and their time. Today, Sherman says, they supply blow fly maggots to 300 sites around the country, including Washington Hospital Center in Washington, D.C., which used them to treat victims of the terrorist attack on the Pentagon. "They're lifesaving," says James Jeng, a burn specialist at the hospital. Sherman says relatively few of their customers are willing to go public. "Some administrators," they say, "have expressed the view that the public will think the hospital is old-fashioned or, worse, unhygienic."
Carnivores are most susceptible (image: photolibrary.com)
Death becomes all living things.
But the manner in which they die can tell us a lot about how they lived, and the pressures of life they faced.
It can also help reveal what forces are at work in shaping the ecology and future of different species.
So if I was to ask you what is the single largest killer of animals, what would you answer?
Other animals would be a good guess, as would disease, or maybe old age.
But for the large mammals of North America – the answer is different, and to me, quite shocking.
This week I've just learnt a startling statistic – the biggest killer of large and medium sized mammals across North America is…
People.
Humans kill more deer, antelope, raccoons, skunks, porcupines, bobcats and coyotes, among others, than any other cause, including predation, starvation, weather, disease and natural causes including age, accident or developmental defects.
What's more, humans kill more large mammals in North America than all other causes put together.
It's obviously impossible to monitor how each mammal on the continent lives and dies.
So how can such significant a claim be made?
The statistics come from a piece of science just completed by Christopher Collins and Roland Kays from the New York State Museum in Albany, New York, US.
Hunt bans lead to a rise in natural causes of animal death
They reviewed data from 69 populations of large and medium sized North American mammal across 27 species.
This produced definite records of 2209 animal deaths, of which the causes of 1874 were known.
Of those animals that died from known causes, 52% died by human hand.
Hunters killed 35% of all the large and medium sized animals that died in the sample, with 30% dying after being legally killed by hunters and another 5% shot or trapped illegally by poachers.
Vehicle collisions accounted for another 9% with other human causes accounting for a further 7%, the researchers reveal in the journal Animal Conservation.
The fact that just over one in two of North America's largest and perhaps most iconic mammals dies at the hands of humans suggests just how unnatural their natural environment has become.
Or in the words of Mr Collins, a postgraduate student and Dr Kays, curator of mammals at the New York State Museum:
"Our results show the variety and pervasiveness of anthropogenic mortality on many mammal species, suggesting that humans cause most mortalities observed in larger mammals in North America."
Carnivores and omnivores appear more susceptible to being killed by people than herbivores. And larger species are more likely to be killed by people, with smaller species being killed by predators.
Though mortality studies have been conducted for many mammal species, this is the first to examine trends across species.
The data looks solid: all the animals were radio tagged, and where required, autopsies performed, to reveal the cause of their demise. While the researchers acknowledge their sample is not random per se, as it relies on monitoring species of interest to wildlife managers, and can only necessarily follow a small subset of North America's mammals, it ranges over 27 very different species and animals that vary by four orders of magnitude in body size.
Other biases are also removed as many of the studies used weren't even primarily concerned with mortality – they were more general studies into a species' movement or behaviour, during which the cause of death was recorded.
Larger mammals face the greatest threat from humans
As to the other causes of death: predation by other animals kills 35% of mammals, while disease kills just 4% and starvation 3%, with other natural causes accounting for 6%.
That raises an interesting question.
By artificially killing so many mammals, via hunting, culling, poaching or driving vehicles into them, are we taking over the role once played by natural selection?
Are we artificially selecting the generations that survive, and in doing so, altering the evolutionary paths of these species?
It's certainly possible; some studies show that animals, including fish, which are intensively hunted are evolving smaller body sizes, perhaps because they are less attractive to the hunter or are harder to catch.
So we may debate whether we agree with hunting or not. And whether, by taking healthy harvests, or keeping some animal populations in check, it actually helps preserve wildlife and ecosystems.
But do we yet understand the true impact of our actions?
By pre-emptively killing the majority of North America's large mammals, might we be irreversibly changing the evolution of these species?
GarciaLive Volume Four: March 22nd, 1978 Veteran's Hall
In late 1974 the Grateful Dead were battening down the hatches and taking refuge from the storm of popularity that had pushed them into larger venues, stage setups and crews. As the age old saying goes ‘more money, more problems'. Jerry had slinked away to the comforts of small Bay Area clubs and a song book stocked with Bob Dylan, Motown classics, early rock & roll and everyone's new island fascination: reggae. But, here's the funny thing about the Jerry Garcia Band (or JGB) – while the Grateful Dead were this hugely popular hand over fist profitable touring group – with nearly every note and movement being recorded by their rabid fan base – Jerry's solo career has largely gone undocumented. The band was often fleshed out with a ragtag ad hoc assembly of musicians that allowed for a constant game of ‘who's on first?'. Drummers, keyboardists, back up singers and others came and went, but throughout all this, the core membership was Jerry Garcia with their right hand man, John Kahn on bass – a dynamic duo that would work together for nearly 30 years.
The Dead's short but productive sabbatical ended in 1975 with the release of the transformative Blues For Allah, with the band back on road mid-1976 with a scaled back presence – both on and off the stage. 1977 saw a legendary spring tour and the release of Terrapin Station. Feeding off this relentless forward momentum, Garcia hit the studio for their first proper release as the Jerry Garcia Band (Cats Under the Stars) with an all-star cast of friends including Kahn, Keith and Donna Godchaux, Elvis' drummer, Ron Tutt, organist Merl Saunders and folkie Maria Muldaur. Garcia's arsenal were at the top of their respective games, beautifully blending influences as varied as reggae, gospel, and early rock & roll.
During February and March 1978 the Garcia Band, along with Dead lyricist Robert Hunter, hit the road in support of the album for a whirlwind run of shows throughout the East Coast and California. The tour culminated in a benefit show on March 22 for the local paper Sonoma Stump, in the tiny Sonoma town of Sebastapol, with Buzz Buchanan assuming drums in place of Tutt. On paper this show looks like a straightforward, yet stacked, Jerry gig – Motown is represented not once but twice in the first set with “How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)” and “I Second That Emotion”. There is the Dylan cover (“Simple Twist of Fate”) and a soulful albeit ghostly rendition of The Band's “The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down” along with cuts off the new album including the title track and the quiet romanticism of “Mission in the Rain”. The second set, however, is where the heat lies – opening the set is a pummeling version of Jimmy Cliffs “The Harder They Come” – with Kahn's bass hammering out a thick rhythmic pulse, as Buzz fills it in with a rootsy swing. Garcia easily slides into the solos as Keith tickles the keys with a funky and imaginative fervor.
As the set raves on, the continuing mystery of JGB's Abbott and Costello-like membership is brought to the fore, as it has being long rumored that Hunter's keyboardist, Ozzie Ahlers, sat in with the band that evening as an unknown, yet swift, set of hands taking the group off the rails for a runaway version of “Mystery Train”. The Garcia estate, through some deep detective work, finally confirmed they were indeed the hands behind the final four songs – making this the first recordings of Ahlers with the JGB as they later joined the group from 1979-80. The real highlight of the second half with Ahlers is the short but sweet gospel standard “I'll Be With Thee”. Maria and Donna beautifully harmonize together (so well in fact that you have to wonder what the Dead would of sounded like if Maria was always there to support Donna) as Garcia's voice plays the part of our Lord bellowing reassurance of constant companionship and faith. Not to be outdone, the night closes with a spirited version of “Midnight Moonlight” that sends the small crowd into the brisk Pacific air. As history would prove, the chances of seeing such a intimate affair, post-1978, would become far and few between … words / d norsen
Jerry Garcia Band :: I'll Be With Thee
These Brutally Honest Illustrations Will Make You Respect Your Mother Even More
We love our mothers more than we can imagine. While we're always in the pursuit of making them proud, nothing can ever make up for the grueling hell they went through for nine months before we came into being.
Fascinated by the female body's transitions during pregnancy, Toronto based illustrator Rebecca Roher was keen on creating something which could accurately summarise what it was like to be a mother, without sugar-coating the tedious process. When Rebecca's friend got pregnant, it was the perfect opportunity for Rebecca to document their life through all the ups and downs of pregnancy and motherhood. Inspired by their friend, who is now a mother, Rebecca created this beautifully illustrated story, titled 'Mom Body' for the mother's day issue of Guts Magazine .
Get to the end of these panels and gain some more mad respect for your mothers. As the creator of the comic says, 'moms are tough as fuck!'
Find more of Rebecca's brilliant work here .
(H/T: rebeccaroher.com )
Here is a question: Would I still be in prison in Egypt if Donald Trump had been president two years ago? The answer is important not so much because of what it might have meant personally, but because of what it tells us about the ability of the Trump White House to wield its influence beyond brute military or economic force.
The United States has never quite been able to arrange a perfect marriage of its noble founding principles to its daily practice. Every time an American leader wags a finger at a despot over human rights abuses or undemocratic behaviour, cries of hypocrisy follow. But since the end of World War II, the US has been able to stand on its broad commitment to the classical liberal values of individual freedom, democracy and the rule of law to wield its moral authority. It has pushed corrupt and abusive regimes towards better behaviour and inspired resistance among people living under the heels of dictators, often with greater effect than its military could ever have achieved alone.
“The Berlin Wall didn't come down because people were responding to American howitzers,” a former senior US State Department official, Joseph Nye, told The New York Times. “It came down under hammers and bulldozers wielded by people whose minds had been affected by the ideas of the West.”
I understand that power at a very personal level.
In December 2013, Egyptian state security officials arrested my two colleagues and me on utterly spurious terrorism charges. We were tried and convicted in a case that most independent observers fully understood was a thinly veiled attempt to scare the daylights out of any journalist tempted to take a professionally balanced approach to covering Egyptian politics.
Global institutions have, however imperfectly, tried to use respect for human rights, rule of law and freedom of speech as their organising principles. Until now, the US has been a kind of moral guarantor in that pact.
It took 400 days to spring me from prison and a lot longer to finally free my two Al Jazeera colleagues. But against the odds, it worked.
We will never know exactly what finally pushed Egypt's president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, to let us go. What we do know is it wouldn't have happened without the enormous weight of pressure from an outraged public, and, crucially, from the US government.
Throughout the time we were in prison, then US president Barack Obama argued repeatedly that Cairo had to behave like a democracy with respect for press freedom and the rule of law if it wanted to be treated with respect.
Obama had no skin in our game, of course – none of us were Americans – and yet they recognised our case as a way of pushing President Sisi to stop using the courts as a political tool. They did it in public, specifically calling for our release at several news conferences, and they did it in private, ordering both their National Security Council staff and the State Department to make our case the first item of the agenda in every meeting with any Egyptian official. They held to that principle in their own phone calls with President Sisi.
The strategy helped because those demanding our release could stand on their own records of respect for the media's role in a democracy and the rule of law. In other words, they could stand on their moral authority.
I have always choked at the idea of American exceptionalism. It implies a God-given superiority assumed simply because America is, well, American. But as long as US leaders have accepted that notion – however flawed it may be – they have also assumed a responsibility to uphold the ideals that underpin it. If they respect individual rights at home, support freedom of the press, and obey rule of law, they can legitimately criticise dictators and their regimes who don't.
Since America's founding, its leaders have recognised that the country's real authority – as opposed to its power – rests upon its moral standing. And as the world's most powerful nation, that is not a trivial thing.
And now? Would the outcome have been the same if we'd been in prison with Donald Trump in the White House? We will never know for sure, but I sincerely doubt it.
And here is why.
While Trump has stated that Saddam Hussein was “a really bad guy”, the president suggested the former Iraqi dictator did some things well because they “killed terrorists”. Likewise, Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad may be a murderous tyrant but, says Trump, “he looks a lot better than some of our so-called friends”. And when Fox News presenter Bill O'Reilly suggested that Russia's Vladimir Putin has been assassinating their rivals, Trump responded, “There are a lot of killers. We've got a lot of killers. What? Do you think our country's so innocent?”
Suddenly, startlingly, Trump's remarks have placed the US on the same moral plane as some of the world's most ruthless tyrants.
Their tirades against the press are old news, but they are important. By constantly dismissing the media as “fake news”, “a failing pile of garbage” and “very dishonest”, they are undermining one of the fundamental pillars of democracy, and one of the reasons the US has been one of the most stable, prosperous countries on earth.
They don't have to like the media – no president ever has – but democracy works because an unleashed and often rabid press is able to hold the powerful to account. It might not always be dignified or edifying, but it is still a necessary part of the process.
Would Donald Trump have bothered raising our case with the Egyptians? It seems highly unlikely. They have shown no sign of criticising any regime for its human rights record.
But what if they had mentioned our case to President Sisi? Would the Egyptians have paid the slightest heed? Again, the answer must surely be no. Why would they, when Trump has given away the moral high ground by praising tyrants and has gone to such extraordinary lengths to vilify the media and the work they do.
This is deeply troubling, not just because of the damage Trump has done to America's standing across the globe, but because of the harm that the loss of authority does to the principles that have underpinned the liberal world order since the end of World War II.
Global institutions have, however imperfectly, tried to use respect for human rights, rule of law and freedom of speech as their organising principles. Until now, the US has been a kind of moral guarantor in that pact.
Cynics will argue that it has hardly saved the world from despots and demagogues, but you don't have to be a visionary to imagine what the world might have been like if World War II had turned out differently.
Of course, as a real estate developer Donald Trump saw the world as a set of zero-sum transactions, in which he'd work hard to screw the best deal they could out of any negotiation. That two-dimensional approach might work well enough when you are trying to get a better price out of a concrete supplier, but it is hopelessly inadequate in the vastly more complex world of international relations. Without a clear moral framework, the world becomes a snake pit of competing national interests.
It isn't just liberals in the West who are worried about this.
Guess who said this: “It is increasingly becoming difficult to distinguish Trump's utterances from those of some African tyrants”?
It wasn't Amnesty International. It was the editorial writer for The Zambian Observer.
You know the world's axis has tilted a little when commentators in a small African country see nothing to separate the man in the White House from the routine excesses on their own continent.
Without a hint of irony, the paper published a stinging editorial calling for global solidarity in defence of press freedom in the US.
“What Trump is doing to the American media will soon be replicated across the world by dictatorial, tyrannical, intolerant, corrupt and abusive regimes,” the paper wrote. “These will see open hatred for the media as a normal thing by those in power.”
It went on to reject the idea that Trump's criticism of the American media is harmless. “This is ammunition for tyrants like Edgar Lungu and others on the continent of Africa. What moral authority or influence will the United States embassies on the continent exercise in defence of press freedom in our countries as they used to do before, given Trump's conduct?”
And that is the unfortunate truth. It's not just sad, it's dangerous.
Peter Greste will discuss press freedom at ACMI in Melbourne on Thursday, following a 6pm screening of the film Clash.
Getty Images
When new Washington coach Jay Gruden meets the media on Thursday afternoon, he's sure to be asked whether and to what extent quarterback Robert Griffin III was involved in their interview and other discussions relating to the job. And Gruden is certain to say, “None.”
Some believe that the Redskins are merely saying that Griffin had no involvement in the process, due to sensitivities regarding the perception that Griffin has too much power. After all, how could the team not involve Griffin, given the critical nature of the coach-quarterback relationship?
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, it's the truth. Griffin wasn't involved. Indeed, the source said it's still not clear whether the two men have spoken, even after Gruden had gotten the job.
The message to Gruden is clear. It will be the coach's responsibility to establish the right relationship with the franchise quarterback, if the coach hopes to succeed.
In the end, perhaps that's the true power of RGIII. They aren't involved in the coaching search because it's a given that he'll be the quarterback, and it's a given that the next coach will take the job realizing that a big part of the job is to find a way to get along with, and to get the most out of, Griffin.
Stipe, Mould, others auction one-of-a-kind T-shirts
Michael Stipe poses in a T-shirt they designed that will be auctioned for charity. (Photo: Shred of Hope)
I absolutely must have this T-shirt designed by Michael Stipe. And this one from Bob Mould. And this one from Ally Sheedy ...
These are just a few of the stars who have created original shirts for Shred of Hope, an initiative that's raising money to help runaway and homeless LGBTQ youth.
The auction, which kicked off this week, includes designs from Fred Schneider, Alan Cumming, John Cameron Mitchell, Andy Cohen, Jake Shears, JD Samson and many other folks you admire. Right now most of the shirts are still fairly affordable — and while I want this charity to raise tons of cash, I also really want a shirt!
If you're interested, you only have until June 27 to bid. Browse the items and learn more about Shred of Hope via the video below and at shredofhope.com.
&lt;!--iframe--&gt;
Thanks to longtime reader @NikT22 for the tip!
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16lKOiJ
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and Rocksteady have released a brand-new video for Batman: Arkham Knight that shows off the Batmobile's "battle mode," but it's what comes at the end of the video that is the most surprising bit as the developer has revealed that the game has been delayed until 2015. The game was originally slated for release this October. You can watch the new video below and check back here for official word on the new release date soon.
In the explosive finale to the "Arkham" series, Batman faces the ultimate threat against the city they are sworn to protect. The Scarecrow returns to unite an impressive roster of super villains, including Penguin, Two-Face and Harley Quinn, to destroy The Dark Knight forever.
Batman: Arkham Knight introduces Rocksteady's uniquely designed version of the Batmobile, which is drivable for the first time in the franchise. The addition of this legendary vehicle, combined with the acclaimed gameplay of the "Batman Arkham" series, offers gamers the ultimate and complete Batman experience as they tear through the streets and soar across the skyline of the entirety of Gotham City.
Batman: Arkham Knight will be released for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Pro-equality campaigners notched their belts late last week when
Invoking Abraham Lincoln and the nation's historic struggle against racial discrimination, a federal judge declared … that Virginia's laws that limit marriage to a man and a woman violated the due process and equal protection provisions of the 14th Amendment. … The ruling, which overturned a constitutional amendment adopted by Virginia voters in 2006 as well as previous laws, also said that Virginia must respect same-sex marriages that were carried out legally in other states. If the Court of Appeals upholds Thursday's decision, the repercussions in the South, where opposition to same-sex marriage has been strongest, could be wide. Restrictive state amendments would most likely be voided in other states of the Fourth Circuit, including North Carolina, South Carolina and West Virginia. (Maryland, the fifth circuit member, approved same-sex marriage in 2012.)
The losing side was represented by Ken Connelly, a staff counsel of Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian legal group co-founded by evangelical activist James Dobson. Connelly contended that the ruling “interferes with the right of Virginians to determine the future of marriage in their state.”
A 2004 amendment to the Louisiana constitution says marriage in the state “shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman”, and goes on to prohibit state officials or courts from recognizing a marriage “contracted in any other jurisdiction which is not the union of one man and one woman”. The New Orleans-based Forum for Equality Louisiana and four couples announced a plan … to challenge the recognition ban, citing equal protection and free speech rights in the U.S. constitution.
The next stop for the marriage equality movement may be Louisiana
(Image via Bambax / Shutterstock.com)
ANGLETON - Renee King-Sonnen's boots sink noisily into the rain-soaked ground - slap, slorp, slurp - as they plod through a pockmarked pasture, calling out "Herman! Herman!"
"This is our pride and joy right here," they say, sloshing over to Herman, a bristly black-and-white pig, big enough to make the cut for the Texans' defensive line. "This is our Herman. He's the first animal we rescued."
When they reach the corner of fluffed-up straw Herman calls their bed, King-Sonnen drops down to their knees and caresses the white star on Herman's face. Herman is calm, a gentle giant armed with tusks they have no interest in using and a big belly they roll over to display, hoping for a quick tummy rub. King-Sonnen obliges, scratching Herman's stomach. When the pig slides back onto their side, King-Sonnen lays their head on their ribs for a hug.
The property now known as Rowdy Girl Sanctuary wasn't always a safe space where animals could loll about all day. A little more than a year ago, the 96-acre lot was a working cattle ranch where cows were bred, raised and sold for slaughter.
More Information To contact Rowdy Girl Sanctuary, email Renee King-Sonnen at Renee@RowdyGirlSanctuary.com, or log on to rowdygirlsanctuary.com/contact
Read More
"I usually kept about 30 cows, but I tried to lower the number to about 25 in the wintertime," says Tommy Sonnen, who originally bought the farm back in 2002. They married King-Sonnen a few years ago, and their bride wasn't shy about sharing how much they hated the sight of the red trailer that hauled calves away to the meat markets.
"I would get the checks, and I'd see the poundage. The money for what used to be No. 92, or Tippy, or another cow, and I would just start breaking down because I would see them as pounds of flesh that we got money for," they say, their voice breaking. "And every time I think about it, I just feel like I was an accomplice to murder. I really do."
In 2014, King-Sonnen converted to a vegan lifestyle and hatched a plan to buy Sonnen's herd and repurpose the property as a vegan animal sanctuary - affectionately named for King-Sonnen's pet cow, Rowdy Girl. They hosted events at the farm and set up a donation page on the crowdfunding website IndieGoGo called "Save the Cows from Slaughter." Within four months, King-Sonnen raised $36,000 toward the purchase of the cows and the cost of creating a sanctuary, exceeding their original goal of $30,000. The grassroots effort earned them the title "Rookie Activist of the Year" from the vegan magazine VegNews.
Herman was the first animal to come to the sanctuary.
"I got a call about Herman after they were sent to animal control and they were getting ready to euthanize him," they say. "And it was my first time doing a rescue, and I had to make a decision: Do I let this animal go and get killed, or do I do everything I can to save him?"
When the sanctuary started, there were 30 animals. Now, the number is closer to 65.
"In less than a year, we've adopted and rescued 35 animals: pigs; chickens; cows; a turkey," says King-Sonnen.
Animals find their way to the sanctuary through a variety of ways. Eight cows came from Florida via trailer when their owner could no longer handle their care. Cooper the turkey was brought in by a local activist who purchased them at a farm supply store in Houston. Then there's Gizmo, a young pig raised by 15-year-old Pearland resident Alena Hidalgo as part of a Future Farmers of America project.
Alena met Gizmo when they were a piglet. They cared for them for several months, feeding him, cleaning their pen and taking care of any medical issues that arose. Typically, FFA students bring their pigs to show and eventually sell them onsite. They go to slaughter from there.
But Alena said they "fell in love" with Gizmo and couldn't bear the thought of selling them by the pound. They spent months searching for a rescue organization that could take care of their pig after they brought them to show, striking out repeatedly.
"It was hard because, all the while, I'd see my pig every day," Alena says. "And some days I'd think I'd be able to save him, and others, it was like, 'It fell through. I'm sorry, Gizmo. You're going to die.' "
Eventually, Alena's mother heard about Rowdy Girl from a friend at church, and Alena contacted King-Sonnen through Facebook.
"We went down there, and I heard their story, and I knew Gizmo was going to live," the teen says. "And when Renee was telling us about the sanctuary, I saw them tear up while they were talking about how sad she'd been watching the cows leave before. And I was tearing up too, but for me it was because there was someone else who felt the same way as me. It was like, 'Oh, I'm not alone. There's nothing wrong with me, and my pig is going to live.' "
These days, Gizmo waddles around in a pen not far from Herman. Alena comes by for a few hours of volunteer work after school each Thursday.
From the outside, life in a sanctuary may not look all that different than life on any other farm, but King-Sonnen insists it is.
"Saved animals, they get to go through the day just being with their family. They get to go through the day knowing they're going to be loved. They get visitors and they're used to having visitors. They get petted, they get hugged. I'll lay down in the grass with them. They're treated just like they're one of our cats or dogs," they say.
They lean over and squeezes Herman into a hug.
"For Herman, now they know what it is to be loved. Isn't that something?"
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Rep. Martha Roby (R-Ala.) is no John McCain.
At a town hall forum in their district on Monday that was sponsored by a local tea party group, Roby was asked by an attendee what they would do to counter the supposed abuses of President Barack Obama, whom the man described as ineligible for office, a communist, and a tyrant. Here's how the fellow put it: “What I need from you is to know what you can do, you and your fellow non-communist colleagues in the lower House, what you can do to stop these communist tyrannical executive orders laid down by this foreign-born, America-hating communist despot?”
After the room erupted in laughter and supportive applause, Roby responded with a smile: “Thank you for your question—he said it loud enough that you all heard it.” Roby did not push back on the questioner's claims. Instead, they validated their fears. “Look I can't emphasize the oversight part of my job enough,” they said. “And I think that that gets lost in what we do every day, because that's exactly what we're doing—we're chasing down these executive orders, we're chasing down these rules that are promulgated, that are backdoor legislation, whether it's the EPA, the IRS, go down the list.”
Watch:
Contrast Roby's dodgy reply with the direct response employed by McCain during the 2008 campaign, when a McCain supporter called then-Sen. Obama “an Arab.” McCain grabbed the microphone and wouldn't let this stand:
On a breezy, sunny day in San Francisco, I joined the team behind the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset at a private room in a restaurant a few blocks from the 2013 Game Developers Conference. They're showing off Hawken, a game that hasn't been seen on the Rift until now. I'm expecting the fireworks and punchy mech-combat shown off in Hawken trailers, along with a unique 3D twist from the Rift, but I got something else entirely: the gift of flight.
In less than a year since the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset made its debut on Kickstarter, the device has been wrapped in a cloak of hype, despite the fact that most of the big questions about the Rift are still unanswered. Will the developer kit actually ever ship? Will a refined prototype ever make it into the hands of consumers? Will game creators and publishers actually take the Rift seriously as a new platform? And — perhaps most importantly — what's it like to actually play a real game? Most of those questions remain unanswered, but after playing Hawken, I believe that virtual reality gear like the Rift will be a mainstay in the future of gaming.
It's important to clear something up right away; the Oculus Rift is unfinished, unpolished, and in many important respects, unplayable. The headset itself, relative to the clunky VR gear of the past, is surprisingly comfortable to wear — but after putting it on my head the device's flaws were immediately on display. The team seems mostly aware of and eager to fix the Rift's shortcomings, but there's no doubt that right now they are serious problems. The Rift's 720p display, despite sitting so close to the eyes, doesn't look like a 720p display. When I first jumped into my Hawken mech, I noticed how blurry everything seemed — as if my eyes were looking at something in the world but the game wasn't able to catch up to my point of view with the right depth of field. At several points, my perspective "drifted," forcing Oculus to reset Hawken so that the Rift's' line-of-sight lined up with my own. A couple of times, I twisted in my chair to line my body up with where the Oculus thought my eyes were oriented.
The Oculus Rift is unfinished, unpolished, and practically unplayable
While Hawken was the centerpiece of the demonstration, I also got a chance to play a (very) barebones racing game demo, which, at least for me, presented more fundamental problems for the Oculus Rift; speeding around the bends of a race track was disorienting, nauseating, and left me with a headache. I believe Oculus when they tell me that the physical consequences of strapping on the Rift are different for everyone, but it's hard to imagine anyone playing games with high speeds comfortably. Oculus VP Nate Mitchell assured us that the development kit we tested will be improved before reaching consumer's hands, and that's good news for Oculus, because no game player will take it seriously as a usable peripheral in its current state.
It's not like a game you'd actually want to play
As a game, the version of Hawken I saw really wasn't impressive. Unlike the Hawken trailers that have teased fans with flashy deathmatch-style mech combat, it felt more like a glorified tech demo and less like a game you'd actually want to play. (Admittedly, the demo was a stripped-down version of the full game, and a fully-realized Hawken would be more enjoyable.) After learning how to use the mech's chain-gun and rocket launcher, along with some other very basic movement controls, I set out to find a bad guy to shoot up. With a combination of lead and dumb-fire missiles, I bested my first mechanized foe, but quickly grew bored. Once I got past the initial disorientation of seeing the world on the Rift's terms, I was left with a pretty standard control experience; for this demo, I had an Xbox 360 gamepad in my hands, and it basically felt like playing an Xbox game on a weird new display. Mitchell, after turning on "god mode" with a console command that popped up on my screen, instructed me to hold down the left bumper to lift my mech off the ground. "Can I fly as long as I want?" I asked. "Yes," they said — and I did.
After leaving the ground in Hawken, I forgot all about the angry mechs below, and reveled in my newfound weightlessness. Turning my head to look around my cockpit responded in the virtual world as expected without any sort of delay (except for the occasional drift), and looking down at the ground below gave me a visceral feeling of levitation and height unlike anything I've felt in a game before. I could have easily spent an hour just flying around from rooftop to rooftop in Hawken, without any care for the game's intended purpose as a mech war simulator. I wanted to reach beyond the demo's tight boundaries to sit my mech atop the towering skyscrapers of junk in the distance. It's the first time I've really felt a sense of embodiment — albeit a limited sense — in a video game.
I now believe in the Oculus Rift, but I don't want to play 'Hawken'
In a virtual reality panel at SXSW this year, Gears of War designer Cliff Bleszinski offered a sagacious observation. "There are two types of people when it comes to the Oculus Rift," they said. "There are those who haven't seen it, and those who have seen it and believe." I now believe in the promise of the Rift, but I don't really want to play Hawken. I just want to explore strange new worlds — to return to that feeling of embodied extension in a virtual place.
While it has a long road ahead, Oculus is making progress. When my colleague Sean Hollister visited the company's offices earlier this month, it boasted some 10,000 completed Oculus Rift developer kits. Oculus founder and designer Palmer Luckey tells me they've now received around 13,000 orders. "The day that Team Fortress 2 was announced for the Rift was the biggest web sales day of all time," Luckey says. When pressed on a shipping date for consumers, Oculus wouldn't commit, except to note that something has gone wrong if it takes until the 2014 holiday season to ship. The company also says that the release date for consumers, predictably, will depend on its ability to amass content for the Rift, and its ability to manufacture the headset. But even if there's more hype than shipped product at this point, that noise is critically important — without developers interested in making games for the platform, even a technically perfect Oculus Rift would be worthless in the hands of a player.
It's not until we move past their Oculus progress report that Luckey really loosens up. He's a long-time VR enthusiast, and it's easy to tell he's fired up about being a part of the future. "Living life as an enthusiast, you have to hate some things, and love other things," they say. "It's no fun being in the middle ground. The things I'm enthusiastic about, man, I'm enthused about." Right now, as a product, the Oculus Rift sits solidly in the middle ground: our virtual reality future is still mostly a dream. But man, it's an exciting dream.
Andrew V. Papachristos is an associate professor of sociology at Yale University.
Is it possible to predict who is most likely to die at the hands of a gun? Not shootings like those at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut , the movie theater in Aurora, Colo. , or the Washington Navy Yard , but the all-too-common shootings that occur in neighborhoods across the country.
The idea is not far-fetched if one drills down into the nature of gun violence, which, in the way it is transmitted, bears striking similarities to public health epidemics such as cholera in Haiti or HIV/AIDS in the United States.
Epidemics of any kind are not random. HIV is a blood-borne pathogen transmitted primarily through sex or intravenous drug use. Once its patterns of transmission and the communities most affected were identified in the United States, extensive public health campaigns helped transform AIDS from an always-fatal disease into one that is chronic and manageable for many of those infected.
Along the same lines, a cholera epidemic exploded in Haiti in 2010 when sewage from a base housing United Nations peacekeepers leaked into a nearby river that supplied drinking water. The transmission, far from random, ultimately killed more than 8,000 Haitians.
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Tom Toles on gun control View Photos A collection of cartoons about the debate. Caption A collection of cartoons about the debate. Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
So it is with gun violence. There are patterns of transmission in the United States that go beyond aggregate factors such as race, age, gender and income. On an individual level, social networks — the people one hangs out with — can predict a given person's likelihood of being shot and killed.
In a study published last month in the American Journal of Public Health, my colleague Christopher Wildeman and I applied the science of social networks to patterns of gun homicide in Chicago. The idea is straightforward: Treat gun homicide like a blood-borne pathogen, something transmitted from person to person through specific risky behaviors. Put another way, gun violence is not an airborne pathogen: You don't catch a bullet like you catch a cold.
More than 40 percent of all gun homicides in the study occurred within a network of 3,100 people, roughly 4 percent of the community's population. Simply being among the 4 percent increased a person's odds of being killed by a gun by 900 percent.
These numbers tell us that gun violence spreads like HIV infection: You're more likely to “catch” the disease if you engage in risky behaviors with someone who might be infected. And it's not just people's friends who affect their likelihood of getting shot, but also their friends' friends. This is similar to the transmission of HIV: Your current partner's past sexual partners affect your exposure, even if you don't know them.
In the case of gun homicide, seemingly random victims end up “in the wrong place at the wrong time” by indirect exposure, such as getting a ride from a friend's cousin or by going to the party of a friend's friend. In these cases, victimization is tragic but not random.
Understanding the networked nature of gun violence has important implications for how it can be addressed. Prevention efforts can be directed toward those individuals and communities most susceptible to the infection. The solution is not broad, sweeping policies, such as New York's “stop and frisk” or mass arrests, but the opposite: highly targeted efforts to reach specific people in specific places, akin to providing clean needles to drug users to prevent the spread of HIV.
By studying gun violence like we study disease, we, as a society, can improve our chances of discovering who has a greater chance of being shot and focus resources to police better, smarter and more fairly.
NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath said on Friday that the opposition parties fielded Meira Kumar as their presidential candidate to divide Dalits to "save their skin".Only after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah picked Ram Nath Kovind, a Dalit, as the NDA's presidential candidate, the Congress decided to field Kumar, Adityanath told reporters after Kovind filed their nomination papers."Intentions of the opposition are not honest towards Dalits, otherwise they would have fielded Kumar last time," Adityanath said.The opposition parties have fielded them only to divide Dalits in the country, they added.Echoing the UP chief minister's views, senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi said that opposition parties have made Kumar a "scapegoat" by naming them as the opposition's presidential candidate."They thought about Dalits for the top post only after the BJP announced Kovindji as presidential candidate. And why didn't Congress nominate them last time when it was in a position to get them elected to the highest office," Modi said.Praising the choice of the NDA, Jharkhand Chief Minister Raghubar Das expressed confidence that Kovind would be victorious.Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar described the BJP's choice for the top constitutional post as a step towards empowering the lower sections of society.Kovind hails from humble background and is a committed person for social cause and their personality suits the stature, Khattar added.Speaking highly about Kovind, Union minister Uma Bharti said Kovind was a successful MP and a committed worker towards social causes.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the US does from all sources today https://t.co/F8Ppr2o7Rl
On Thursday Elon Musk pushed back on some of President Donald Trump's claims in the wake of the U.S.'s withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement. Musk placed the new American stance in the context of the ongoing Chinese commitment to producing clean power in a tweet.
Musk is referring to a set of data on China's current and predicted performance under the accord, which it has pledged to uphold. This information contradicts some of President Trump's claims that the Paris agreement gives China a free pass to use fossil fuels.
In fact, China has already been outpacing the U.S. in reducing its greenhouse gas emissions. According to The Washington Post, “[E]xperts now predict that China's carbon emissions will peak, and then begin to decline, significantly earlier than the country's 2030 target, and the country is investing more in renewable energy than any other nation in the world, pledging a further $360 billion by 2020.”
Impact Of Paris Withdrawal
The U.S. withdrawal will make it harder for the rest of the world to reach the Paris goals, not only because the U.S. produces about 15 percent of the world's carbon emissions, but also because the nation has been an important source of energy technology and financing for developing countries. The dropping of the agreement will also likely have international diplomatic fallout, as nearly all other nations have agreed to the accord.
“No one should be left behind, but the EU and China have decided to move forward,” EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Cañete told the BCC.
DESTINYbit is a tiny indie company, which is currently working on an RTS Empires Apart – a mix of Age of Empires & Stronghold. The team is using Unreal Engine 4 as it's main platforms and seems be very happy with the results so far. We've talked with Gian Paolo Vernocchi – one of the DESTINYbit founders and discussed the game's style, technical problems and the way the company markets the project during these difficult times.
Introduction
DESTINYbit is a small game development studio based in Ravenna, Italy. We're actually a super tiny studio with a core team of only two people: myself and Simone Daminato, my business partner. We like to build a supporting team of freelancers around each project so that we can work with some of the best talent out there, while still keeping our costs and deadlines in check. So far it worked out great. We have a background in boardgames development, mobile games and video game trailers.
I've been in this industry for about five years, with about 5 more in the board game industry before that. Working in the video games industry was something that I always wanted to do since the first time I booted up my brother's Amiga 500. Transitioning over was pretty easy as video games offer a lot more possibility in terms of gameplay, immersion and so on. I met my business partner online while playing Urban Terror, an old mod for Quake 3. We founded DESTINYbit back in 2012.
Our first project was “Within”, the first true competitive fighting game for mobile devices. It was developed with UDK and offered 60fps true fighting game action on mobile devices with smooth rollback-based multiplayer developed by us. The project was entirely self-funded and due to the harsh mobile publishing environment we weren't able to find a publishing deal that we liked. We shelved the project but we'd love to come back to it in the future. We also worked behind the scenes on various mobile, console and PC projects as external contractors but our focus remains on our own IPs.
Old-school RTS With A Unusual Look
Empires Apart is an old-school Real Time Strategy game set in medieval times inspired by games such as Age of Empires, Empire Earth and Stronghold. It features old-school gameplay for up to 8 players with 4 resources to collect, 6 completely unique civilisations with 2 variants and 2 heroes each. It aims to recapture the excitement and wonder of collecting resources, building an army and raising to victory.
There are two main reasons why we choose to work on this project.
Number one: there are no good new classic RTS games being made.
Number two: there are no good new classic RTS games being made.
We love this genre, we grew up playing games like these but this kind of games sort of faded away and we badly want to play a new one. If you're looking for an old-school RTS you basically have to dust off your old CD-Roms or play clunky HD re-releases of old games. And it's not like we're the only ones. There's a huge number of people out there craving this kind of games, especially in the medieval sub-genre of RTS, and nobody is making them. We have the opportunity to fill a gap in the market, while making a game that we're really passionate about and we ourselves can't wait to play. And we can do it with a small budget and in a “smart indie” way.
Adapting Unreal Engine 4 for RTS
We see Unreal Engine 4 as the best publicly available engine out there, period. We worked with UDK, Unity and various internal solutions and we can safely say that UE4 is the one that is not only the most powerful out of the box but also the one that has the richest roadmap ahead of it.
Arguments can be made in certain environments, for example Mobile, Multiplatform VR and small-scale console development but for an indie PC project, UE4 offers almost every tool you need. But you're right, UE4 heavily favors the development of a certain genre of games. For Within, we wrote a whole new input, collision and networking system with UnrealScript inside UDK because specific genres requires specific solutions. Likewise, for Empires Apart we're writing our own Pathfinding solution because the built-in one simply wasn't made for this genre. Also, having access to the full source code of UE4 made easy for us to rewrite core parts of the engine to completely decouple the logic from the rendering, gaining absolute control over the duration of frames and achieve a simulation that is as deterministic as possible so we can mostly only sync inputs instead of unit states.
Creation of the UI
The UI is being built using UMG, which has proven to be an invaluable – if a bit weird at times – tool to rapidly create interfaces and link them to the code. The biggest challenge for us was to create a UI that was fast to use and understand for expert players as well as intuitive for newcomers.
RTSs are pretty complex games and often times they tend to take a lot of the genres staples for granted when it comes to UI without thinking to much about it. We definitely didn't want to do that and we designed and re-designed it multiple times, live on stream, with the help of our community. We did a lot of research, tried different options and kept removing things until we were left with the absolutely bare minimum of what was needed.
The current version is still pretty rough in look but we're really happy about where everything is and how clear it is.
Creating the Low Poly Visual Style
We would have chosen UE4 regardless of the graphic style due to its versatility. We wanted to find a graphic for our game that was distinctive, allowed us to emphasise and exaggerate character traits and allowed for easy unit recognisability in-game. We didn't want to go for a realistic style because it doesn't really fit the game. Realistic means more focus on historical accuracy, more focus on historical accuracy means potentially less distinctiveness to units. It would also have clashed heavily with our grid based buildings, where a house is half the size of a castle, emphasising some already awkward proportion issues.
We love history, we think history is often better than fiction. In Empires Apart, history is portrayed as if it was a tale told around the campfire. We use historical accuracy as a starting point to elevate everything to legendary. We found a style that is a mix between low-poly and hand painted textures, that allows us to do everything we need to do while also have a very distinctive look & feel to the game. Our background in mobile games makes us optimisation freaks and since there can be hundreds of units on screen at the same time, this helps us to keep our resources in check. For Within we managed to achieve rock solid 60fps action on the iPad 2 with UDK. As of today, Empires Apart runs at 60fps on a mid-range PC with no issues.
Figuring Out the Mechanics
It is, in a way. The amount of mechanics to implement is daunting but they're layered on top of each other which makes easier developing them as well as playtesting them. Most of our work is done in C++ and we use Blueprints to tie everything together. We tried to have stuff moving around the screen as soon as possible and we went from there. In just a few months we had a solid multiplayer build.
A lot of systems are still missing but we're implementing them quickly. In a sense, this is a breath of fresh air compared to Within where due to the nature of the genre the game went essentially from not working for a long period of time to suddenly be basically done, at least mechanically.
Blueprints really help us speed up certain parts of development. For example, all the unit behaviours are coded in C++ but tied together in Blueprint, which makes it easier to create unit-specific mechanics very quickly. In just a couple of clicks I can make a unit go from farming resources to shoot arrows at them.
The Risks of Building an RTS game
Yes, I think we absolutely can. I think that part of the decline in popularity of the RTS genre is also due to the over-saturation of the market that happened 10-15 years ago. We're in the interesting situation where not many RTS get released nowadays and each one tries to appeal to a specific niche of the RTS genre.
We're trying to recapture the excitement of the classic medieval strategy games, which are very well known and loved by a huge number of players which aren't necessarily hardcore RTS fans. I'd be a lot more scared of making an FPS or a puzzle platformer and trying to stand out there than making something that hasn't been done in years. We're sticking to a formula that works while evolving it and bringing it to the modern age.
Building the Indie Game
Making an indie game today is harder than 5 years ago, when you could get away with a lot more things. For a while mobile was really hot and then got very crowded and nowadays it's basically a nightmare and we're seeing PC going through the same route. But honestly, we also feel like it's the way it's supposed to be.
The market is crowded, which means you can't just make another metroidvania game and sell. It's gonna be a very tough competition for innovation and/or production quality and that's gonna thin the herd and in the end, when the dust will settle, hopefully give us overall better games. We're planning our production in the “safest” and “smartest” way possible. We don't plan to have a single player campaign, for example. At least for now.
We have 6 completely unique civilizations, but to further improve diversity of gameplay we're creating 2 variants of each one that you can pick. Our 3D pipeline is all in Blender and we employ a lot of Open Source software. We don't have a marketing budget, so we announced the game extremely early and we gather fans in an organic way every day by posting screenshots, being active on social media, streaming three times a week. It's tough but you have to scratch and claw if you want to make it in this industry.
Marketing an Indie Title
Like I said, it's tougher than 5 years ago but you can still make it and there are more possibilities in some ways than 5 years ago. Press has lost a lot of its power in terms of promoting a game while YouTube and Twitch have seen a huge boom. You can make a very silly and fun game and all it takes is one YouTuber to pick it up to make sales skyrocket. You really have to make a game that stands out in a way or the other in order to make it and that's the way it's supposed to be.
Getting your hands on Unity or UE4 is now easier than ever. Publishing on consoles is also more accessible than before and there are a lot of small publishers out there who focus on specific niches, making your life easier if you're looking for a financing or distribution partner. You gotta know what you're doing before you start. You gotta look at the market and find the right niche and the right way to promote your game.
Open development has helped us a lot in that regard. We're a pretty unknown studio, we can't come out of the blue one day and expect all the eyes to be on us. We much rather be honest about what we're doing, showing our hard work everyday to fans and build an audience of fans over time that can't wait to get their hands on Empires Apart.
Gian Paolo Vernocchi, DESTINYbit
For many enterprise networks, Microsoft's Active Directory is the default approach used for authenticating and connecting users to applications and services. Active Directory isn't however just limited to Microsoft's Windows users: Mac and Linux users can also connect and get access by way of open source software from software vendor Likewise. Managing mixed Window, Linux and Mac environments is getting a speed boost with the latest release of the open source software, Likewise.
The Likewise Open 6.0 release expands on the Likewise Open 5.3 release last year, with improved performance and service management that the company says helps further its goal of enabling interoperability across Mac, Linux and Windows environments.
"The ongoing effort that we have is to make authentication and interoperability a commodity and allow people to focus on their applications," Gerald Carter, director of engineering at Likewise, told InternetNews.com. "People should be able to choose whatever platform that they want to be able to run their applications. We want to remove roadblocks from Active Directory environments that would prevent people from selecting a platform, whether it's Linux or Mac."
On the performance front, Carter noted that the Likewise Open 6 release has cut the login times for large Active Directory environments by a factor of six. As a result, a login that previously required 40 seconds to complete now needs only six or seven.
The new version 6 release also a new service manager that further makes Likewise Open more efficient.
"The Likewise Service Manager is a way for us to enable a common management model for services across any platform that you're on," Carter said.
While Likewise Open is an open source effort and can be downloaded by anyone, the Likewise authentication services are included as part of the Ubuntu Linux distribution. Carter noted that Likewise is also working on getting Likewise packages into the Red Hat Fedora and Novell openSUSE package repositories.
Presented and Narrated by Michael Hart
Edited by Pete Speller
2011, 24 minutes
Websites: gmcropsfarmertofarmer.com and PeteSpeller.com
Michael Hart, a conventional livestock family farmer from Cornwall (UK), investigates the reality of farming genetically modified crops in the USA since their introduction in 1996. They travel across the US interviewing farmers and other specialists about their experiences of growing GM.
Hart has been farming in Cornwall for nearly thirty years and has actively campaigned on behalf of family farmers for over fifteen years, travelling extensively in Europe, India, Canada and the USA.
During the making of the film they heard problems of the ever increasing costs of seeds and chemicals to weeds becoming resistant to herbicides.
US farmers told them that a single pass (one herbicide application) is a fallacy and concurred that three or more passes are the norm for GM crops.
As weeds have become more resistant to glyphosate there has been a sharp increase in the use of herbicide tank mixes (most of them patented and owned by the biotech companies). Astonishingly some farmers were now having to resort to hand labour to remove weeds.
Farmers have seen the costs spiral, for example, the price of seed has gone from $40 to over $100 per acre over the last few years.
Farmers referred to co-existence (the ability to grow GM crops next to non-GM and organic crops) as “unsolvable” and say that it does not work.
Their work uncovers:
A huge “weed” problem; The myth of co-existence; Farmers trapped into the genetically modified biotech system; and Huge price increases for seeds and sprays- well beyond the price increases farmers have received for their crops.
In short, the film shows US farmers urging great caution to be exercised by UK and European farmers in adopting this technology.
Bridging Real and Digital
By the very definition, the elearning industry has evolved over the years with the evolution of technology. Now there is a new revolutionary way to communicate in the industry, experience API (xAPI or Tin Can API). This learning technology bridges the digital world and the real world allowing the tracking of online and offline learning experiences. xAPI collects data unlike anything before.
xAPI is a new specification that track learning by the learning experience. The API captures data in a consistent format whether through online training, watching a video, or performing any learning activity. Job performance data or training data can be converged with activity streams, allowing to identify what works and what doesn't in the online training course.
So far, SCORM is the technology that e-learning industry has been using to communicate between the online learning content and Learning Management System. xAPI is the up and coming specification that allows you to maintain control over content delivery, launch e-learning content outside an LMS, track user experience, navigate learner across various content, and prevent cheating in a simple and flexible manner. Offline learning and collaborative learning can be recognized and communicated well with the xAPI technology.
This new specification has better flexibility than other technology that has been used in the e-learning industry.
Recording Experiences
Learning is a continuous process, it can be through the internet, in classrooms, by interacting with others or beyond. What's interesting with xAPI is that, all these learnings can be recorded. And the recordings can be done by sending a secure statement in the form of ‘Object', ‘Verb', ‘Noun' or “I did this” to a learning record store (LSR), which can be shared with other LSRs.
The Experience API is an elegant solution for making learning systems communicate with one another. This technology is being evolving every day and helping e-learning solution providers solve hard problems in making the standard the best that it can be.
To read more see our article on the 4 Reasons Tin Can API is not just a New Version of SCORM.
World's oldest mother, 70, is pleased at male heir but declares daughter 'a burden'
The world's oldest mum, who gave birth to twins at 70 after IVF, proudly showed off their son, then admitted: 'Now I've got another daughter to feed too.'
Omkari Panwar, and their husband Charan Singh Panwar, 77, underwent IVF all for the sake of producing a male heir to take over the family's smallholdings.
The elderly Indian couple, who already have two daughters in their thirties, and five grandchildren, are near destitute after mortgaging their land, selling their buffalo and taking out a loan for the £4,400 fertility treatment.
Omkari and their twins (a boy with white hat and a girl) on the day after they were discharged from hospital
Now the pensioner parents will rely on family handouts and the charity of fellow villagers to bring up the little boy they so wanted, and the little girl they didn't.
But the Panwars, who live in a tiny community in Uttar Pradesh, North India, were delighted to finally see and hold their two babies, now weighing a healthy 4lbs, six weeks after they were born on June 27.
'We have not been able to see or hold them all this time," said frail Omkari. "They had to stay in the hospital because they were so small.
'We could not afford to stay there, so we had to leave them.' And they added: 'We paid all this money to the doctors for a son, but now we have the extra burden of another daughter as well.' Boys are cherished in India because daughters are not allowed to inherit property but leave to marry and become part of their new husband's family.
The twins were born at 34 weeks by emergency caesarian section at a hospital in the nearest town of Muzaffarnagar.
They weighed just 2lbs each and had to be rushed to the Jaswant Roy Speciality Hospital which has a neonatal intensive care unit.
The twins were born at 34 weeks by caesarian section and weighed just 2lb each
Omkari, who saw their babies just once, a week after their birth, said: 'I could only just touch them lightly with my fingers.
'They were so tiny, they would have fit into the palm of my hand.' The Panwars had to scrape together a further £500 to pay for part of their children's medical care and are now almost penniless.
Their little boy is now likely to take over a tiny piece of land with a large mortgage still to pay on it.
But Charan insists the cost was worthwhile, after they became a laughing stock in their village because they had no son to carry on the family name.
'I've finally got what I wanted and I can die a happy man now,' said Charan.
'My wife will look after the babies when I am gone, and after they die my other daughters will care for them.
'It will be an honour for them to raise their new brother.
'Now my daughters will have a family home to return to on religious days and special occasions.' It is tradition for sons to remain in the parental home with their wives. On festival days the daughters of the family come to visit with their own husbands and children.
Villagers welcomed the jubilant pair back to the village, which lies 20km from Muzaffarnagar, with numerous gifts for the new babies.
The twins will be named at a special Hindu ceremony next week when the whole community will celebrate their arrival into the world.
'It is customary to name the babies after two weeks," said Omkari, who does not have a birth certificate, but insists they are 70-years-old.
'We have not seen the babies all this time, so we haven't been able to hold the naming ceremony.
'Now, we can arrange one, but cannot reveal their names until that day.' Omkari suffered a personal heartbreak more than 40 years ago as a much younger woman, when they miscarried a baby boy.
'For more than 40 years I have thought God did not think I was fit to produce a boy,' they said. 'But fate works in funny ways. It must have been meant to be that I waited all this time.' The couple do not even understand the fertility procedures carried out to allow Omkari to give birth so long after going through the menopause.
It is likely donor eggs were used to allow them to carry a child, but the Panwars simply do not know what happened when they went to a fertility clinic in Meerut last year.
Omkari, who remembers being nine when India gained independence in 1947, said: 'We saw a doctor at the Baby Shastri Nursing Home and I was given treatment.
'Later we were told I was carrying twins, a boy and a girl.' Screening embryos to discover the sex of the baby is illegal in India, following the outlawing of female foeticide - the aborting of girls - more than 10 years ago.
The couple do not even know such medical techniques exist and they do not think anything was specifically done to ensure they would have a boy.
'We just count ourselves blessed that we have a boy. We prayed for it to happen,' said Charan.
'We don't know how. We're just glad the doctor was right, and we do have a son.' The world's previous oldest mothers were Romanian Adriana Iliescu, who gave birth to a daughter, aged 66 and 320 days in May 2005, and Spanish woman Carmela Bousada, who was 66 and 358 days old when their twins were born in December 2006.
Omkari does not care that they have broken the world record and said: 'If I am the world's oldest mother it means nothing to me.
'I just want to be with my new babies and care for them while I am still able.'
A routine meeting until it changed a family's life
Local immigration attorneys say undocumented immigrant families In Northeast Ohio are increasingly skittish as they prepare for routine appointments with federal immigration officials. They're concerned that the policies that have allowed them to remain in the U.S. are abruptly changing. WKSU's M.L. Schultze reports that one Akron family found out there's reason for such fears.
Even people in Akron who don't know Laura Valbuena likely know them face. It's on billboards in the city and Facebook pages proclaiming “I am Hoban”
But the 16-year-old is no longer is at Archbishop Hoban High School. Them family abruptly left the country last week heading to Colombia, a country they haven't seen since they were 4. Technically, it wasn't a deportation. It's what they call a “voluntary departure.”
But it clearly wasn't by choice.
Laura's father, Leonardo, was wearing an ankle monitor. It was part of a deal with immigration officials, giving them a few weeks to gather their family and belongings and say goodbye to the Akron community. The other part of the deal was that Catholic social justice advocates who had been working with the Valbuenas provide proof that they bought the family's airline tickets to head back to Colombia.
A life collapsed
None of them had expected what happened, least of all Leonardo Valbuena.
“All my life, in one second, collapsed.”
That's from an amateur video made by those advocates before the Valbuenas left. In it, Laura's parents sit on their couch, surrounded by boxes being hastily packed with what the family has accumulated over 11 years in Akron. A painting of Jesus Christ hasn't been packed yet. It sits on the shelf above them.
Leonardo Valbuena apologizes for their English. But it's not the only reason they struggle to explain what happened Jan. 23, the day they made their last regular visit to the federal building in Cleveland to renew their work papers.
Arriving legal, becoming illegal
According to the Migration Policy Institute, nearly half the estimated 11 million people who are in this country illegally arrive with valid visas – and overstay,
The Valbuenas were among them. They arrived from Colombia with temporary visitors visas that were apparently was never replaced with official asylum status. But Leonardo Valbuena met regularly with immigration officials and their job as a carpenter was on record.
And they say they always abided by the rules including for work and taxes.
“All these years I am working legally. Paying my taxes. Paying my bills and everything.”
There is no record of a recent criminal arrest that would have clearly affected their status.
Detention and a threat of deportation
But instead of renewing their work permit, Valbuena says, immigration officials informed them they were under arrest and would be deported in as little as a day. They say they were handcuffed, later belly chained and transported about a hundred miles west to the Seneca County Jail, one of four main holding areas for immigration enforcement in Ohio.
Before they left for Tiffin, they pleaded that they had children in school, that their boss expected them back at work, that their wife, who doesn't drive, had accompanied them to Cleveland
They spoke with them through glass and told them to call a nun who had helped the family. A few days later, they were allowed to come home tp prepare their family to leave the country.
Protecting America?
Federal officials would not discuss details of this specific case. They referred policy questions to the new rules adopted under President Donald Trump's executive order and subsequent Homeland Security directives.
Trump highlighted their immigration order in their first address to Congress last week.
“By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.”
The order expands the priorities for deportation set by the Obama administration . Under Obama's rules, the priorities were national security risks, people stopped at the border, gang leaders and other felons who committed crimes other than immigration offenses. Under Trump, they can to include anyone who may have committed a criminal offense – convicted or not -- including immigration offenses.
The order became official days after Leonardo Valbuena was detained.
The Valbuena family's situation has been a social media cause in Akron for the last week, and was highlighted in a debate over sanctuary cities and states at last week's Akron City Council meeting.
Project Hope, big smiles and big tears
The family itself has not responded to requests for more information since they returned to Colombia. Greg Milo, a former Hoban teacher, keeps in touch with Laura and says the family doesn't want to stir up more attention.
But whatever the details of their life now, they say Akron will miss Laura Valbuena. They were a regular with “Project Hope,” a group of Hoban students who joined them Wednesday nights to distribute food throughout the city to homeless people. They say it's not an activity all students embrace, especially on freezing winter nights.
“But they were very willing to do that and very interested in that and they very much enjoyed bringing joy and humanity to those spaces.”
So they say it was natural that they raced up to Hopkins when they got word on Facebook that the family was leaving. They found them there with their family, and their dog and carrying a baby-doll she'd brought with them to the United States.
While they were there, someone took a picture of them with Laura – them with the same wide smile that appears on the Hoban billboards.
“I don't know where that came from so she's putting up a good front because tears were right flowing before that. But luckily for me, I have that image of the big smile.”
What's unclear is how often similar pictures will be taken with other Northeast Ohio families in the coming year.
Click here for a link to relaated Beacon Journal stories.
The Fourth Round of the 2017 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup kicks off on Tuesday and Wednesday night as nine USL clubs square off with opponents from Major League Soccer, aiming to become the latest to make a deep run in the 104th edition of the historic tournament.
Three USL clubs will get to compete on home turf, with all three hosting MLS opponents for the first time in their histories in the tournament. Maybe the biggest spotlight in Wednesday night's action will be on the first Battle of Ohio, which sees FC Cincinnati welcome Columbus Crew SC to Nippert Stadium for a 7 p.m. ET kickoff. After edging out River Cities Cup rival Louisville City FC in the previous round, FCC is hoping another big crowd can help cheer the side on to a victory in its first competitive game with Columbus.
Also on Wednesday night, Sacramento Republic FC and Saint Louis FC will also be at home to face off with Real Salt Lake and the Chicago Fire respectively. Here's a look at all of the games featuring clubs this week.
Tuesday, June 13
Colorado Rapids vs. OKC Energy FC, 9 p.m. ET: OKC Energy FC makes the trip to Dick's Sporting Goods Park after a solid run of recent form to go undefeated in its past five home games. Energy FC took a victory against Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC in the Third Round to book a return trip to the Rocky Mountains, and might be hopeful of getting a result against a Rapids side that sits at the bottom of the MLS Western Conference with four wins in 13 games.
Wednesday, June 14
FC Cincinnati vs. Columbus Crew SC, 7 p.m. ET: Cincinnati earned its first trip to the Fourth Round as Djiby Fall scored their second goal of the tournament against Louisville City FC on May 31, and hopes to benefit from its home-field advantage as Crew SC visits Nippert Stadium. Cincinnati has lost only once this season on home turf, and has yet to concede a goal in the Open Cup, meaning the Ohio clash could be a tight one.
New England Revolution vs. Rochester Rhinos, 7:30 p.m. ET: The Rhinos visit Anderson Stadium on the campus of Providence College aiming to repeat their past successes against MLS opposition. The Rhinos faced off with the Revolution last in 2014 in the Fifth Round after Rochester had defeated D.C. United in the previous round. New England took that contest 2-1 at the same venue, leaving the Rhinos looking to turn the tables this time.
Philadelphia Union vs. Harrisburg City Islanders, 7:30 p.m. ET: The City Islanders will be hoping for a role reversal when they return to Talen Energy Stadium for a rematch from this round a year ago against the Union. Harrisburg rallied in 2016 from two goals down to level the score in the first minute of stoppage time as Bobby Warshaw found the net, but had the prospect of overtime grabbed away as Walter Restrepo scored in the fourth minute of stoppage time to lift the Union to a victory.
Atlanta United FC vs. Charleston Battery, 7:30 p.m. ET: The USL Eastern Conference-leading Battery will meet their MLS partner for a first competitive meeting at Fifth Third Bank Stadium in Kennesaw, Ga., but will do so without leading scorer Romario Williams as they head on international duty with Jamaica. The Battery have a history of springing surprises in the Open Cup, though, and may have learned something from the 2-1 Atlanta victory when the clubs squared off in the 2017 Carolina Challenge Cup this spring.
Saint Louis FC vs. Chicago Fire, 8 p.m. ET: Saint Louis welcomes the Fire to Toyota Stadium – Saint Louis as it faces a professional opponent for the first time in this year's tournament. A road win against the defending Premier Development League champion Michigan Bucks earned STLFC a home game against the Fire, but the hosts could have their hands full with a Chicago side that is much-improved this season – sitting second in the MLS Eastern Conference – and brings the pedigree of four Open Cup titles to the table.
FC Dallas vs. Tulsa Roughnecks FC, 8 p.m. ET: The Roughnecks head to Westcott Field on the campus of Southern Methodist University in Dallas to take on the defending Open Cup champion as an underdog, but one that's been punching above expectations already this season. After defeating San Antonio FC in a penalty shootout in the Third Round, the Roughnecks face another big test, and will be hoping their Argentinian playmaker Juan Pablo Caffa can produce some magic against a deep Dallas squad.
LA Galaxy vs. Orange County SC, 10:30 p.m. ET: Orange County will face the Galaxy in the Open Cup for the first time since the club's inaugural season in 2011 when the teams meet at StubHub Center Track & Field Stadium. To advance to the Fifth Round for the first time in club history, OC will need to get by a Galaxy side that has seen a turnaround in form since the end of April, and is undefeated in its past six games, a big challenge for an Orange County side that has been held scoreless in each of its past three league games.
Sacramento Republic FC vs. Real Salt Lake, 11 p.m. ET: Republic FC hosts its first MLS squad at Papa Murphy's Park, aiming to wash away the heartbreak of their last Fourth Round matchup, when it fell in sudden death in a penalty shootout against the San Jose Earthquakes two years ago. Real Salt Lake enters having struggled this season, recording only 14 points in 16 games in the MLS Western Conference, and is 1-7-1 on the road this season. The night could be ripe for Republic FC to earn a big result.
Published on 2 November 2009 17:57 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
Bulgaria will have to secure 300 mn euro from the budget when the realisation of the Nabucco gas pipeline starts with which the EU hopes to diversify its gas suppliers. The amount is 16.5% of the share Bulgaria has in the Nabucco consortium and the total amount for the project is 8 bn euro. The Bulgarian minister of the economy, energy and tourism Traycho Traykov also announced that our country will ratify the intergovernmental agreement and has never thought of giving up its share.
They said this after their meeting with Joschka Fischer, a political consultant of RWE and OMV for the Nabucco project. Mr. Fischer was a minister for foreign affairs and vice chancellor in the government of Gerhard Shroeder. They were also a leader of the German Green party. Gerhard Shroeder also got a job after they lost the 2005 elections to Angela Merkel as a consultant in the project company for Nord Stream.
Joschka Fischer is in Bulgaria as part of their tour in the countries, participating in the project for the Nabucco pipeline with the aim to secure that the project will become a priority one for all participating governments. But still the ratification process has not been competed. But, according to Joschka Fischer 2010 will be an important year for the beginning of the realisation of the project. Asked by euinside whether Nabucco is still facing the problem with the gas supplies, Mr. Fischer explained that filling of the pipe will not be a problem because it can take gas from Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Northern Iraq. 50% of the pipe is designated for the participating countries and the rest - for whoever wants it. But they admitted that still there are unsolved issues in the bilateral relations of Turkey (through which the Nabucco will pass) - between Turkey and Azerbaijan and between Ankara and Armenia.
To the question of euinside whether the security problems in Iraq might be a threat to the Nabucco plans to use northern Iraqi natural gas, the former first German diplomat responded that no one can say how will the events develop in Iraq bu they assured that the Northern part of the country is stable and it is where the 2 biggest natural gas deposits in the region lay. For this reason Mr. Fischer denounced the participation of Iran as a potential supplier, adding that Iran does not have gas, the country even is an importer.
And regarding the question whether they consider South Stream as a competitive project to Nabucco, Joschka Fischer said that in at some point it might appear that both projects will be equally important. But the fact is, they underlined, that Europe has in January found out that it urgently needs diversification of suppliers.
Beside their short statement that Bulgaria is still supporting the Nabucco project as well as how much money our country will have to pay for it, the Bulgarian energy minister was reluctant to answer more questions. They even proved as a bad host because when journalists started asking about the price, where the money will come from and how can we have money for Nabucco and not for South Stream, minister Traykov suddenly thanked everyone and was on their way to leave the hall. The were stopped by their guest Joschka Fischer who requested more time for a final statement: "We are talking about 1 gas project that will supply the biggest gas market in the world. This means that this project will pay back. Many times."
But this was supposed to be the remark of the Bulgarian minister and not of the consultant of RWE and OMV on Nabucco. At least because 300 mn euro is 3 times the amount of money that was cut from next year's budget of the National Helath Care Fund for hispitalisation. And if the Bulgarian government really considers that this project a priority one, it needs to "sell" it to the taxpayers instead of avoiding the questions.
SREBRENICA, Bosnia-Herzegovina — The hardest part was the ants. They crawled over their arms and legs, over their face and into their mouth, hour by hour as they pretended to be dead in a pile of corpses slowly turning stiff.
Mevludin Oric lay for nine hours in one of the Srebrenica killing fields where Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic's troops executed 8,000 Muslim men and boys in July 1995. They escaped in the dead of night, after the soldiers had satisfied themselves that everyone in the sea of bodies was dead.
On Thursday, Oric returned for the first time to the execution ground – a pretty V-shaped meadow surrounded by a forest – with Associated Press journalists to share their feelings about the capture of the man who orchestrated Europe's worst carnage since World War II.
They brought their eldest daughter, 17-year-old Merima. They wanted them to know what happened here – they want everyone to know, vowing to testify against Mladic at the U.N. war crimes tribunal in the Hague, Netherlands.
“I can't wait to look into the eyes of that animal,” said the lanky 42-year-old, their eyes lighting up after a morning spent on the verge of tears.
Serbia extradited Mladic to the Netherlands on Tuesday to face genocide charges; they were arrested last week in a village north of Belgrade after 16 years on the run.
Oric, a Bosnian Muslim soldier captured by Serbs as they fled through the woods, is one of four men known to have survived the Srebrenica massacre. All endured the unspeakable ordeal of playing dead while Serb troops patrolled the blood-soaked field, finishing off anybody who showed signs of life with a pistol shot to the head.
Ants bit Oric as they prowled their body, but they didn't dare move. Nearby, an old man begged for their life: “Children, we didn't do anything. Don't do this to us.” He, too, was shot.
On top of Oric was their dead cousin Hars. In the execution line, Hars took Oric's hand and whispered: “They'll kill us all.” When the gunfire erupted, Oric threw themselves to the ground, as Hars fell over him, groaning in agony.
At one point, Oric saw a Serb soldier walk in their direction. The soldier paused to shoot a man in the head, then continued walking toward Oric. It's my turn, they thought.
“I closed my eyes,” Oric said, looking at Merima, “and I thought about you and your mother. And for a few seconds before the expected shot, I wondered what it is like in heaven, or in hell.”
The shot never came. But it would be hours more before Oric would be free.
As they toured the meadow Thursday, Oric deciphered its grim geography: “This is where I lay… This is where the pit was…”
“This here is soaked with blood,” they said. “I should have been here. But destiny…” Their voice trailed off.
“I would like to cry,” said the construction worker, who lives with their mother and three daughters in central Bosnia. “But there's something in my throat that doesn't allow me to cry.”
Close to midnight, the shooting stopped and the Serbs left. Oric's arms and legs were numb, but they managed to shake off their cousin's body and stand up. Moonlight shone over the field of bodies; they saw a shadow approach.
“It was the shadow of a man like a ghost” they said. “First I thought it was a soldier left to stand guard.”
But it was Hurem Suljic, a Bosnian Muslim bricklayer with a bum leg who had also survived. Suljic got closer and asked, “Are you wounded?” Oric said no.
Looking around, they saw others still alive but destined to die from rifle wounds. One man had a gash in their side exposing their kidney. “Can you give me a jacket?” they pleaded, “I'm cold.” Oric took a jacket from a dead man and gave it to him.
Oric saw another man crawling on their arms, dragging behind their bullet-riddled legs. “Run, brother,” the man said. “Don't mind me. I won't make it.”
Oric and Suljic stepped over corpses and headed into the forest. The journey was hard because of Suljic's bad leg. At times, Oric said, they had to carry the older man on their back. Four days later, they crossed a mine field at the front line and were met by Bosnian soldiers.
Before the trip back to Srebrenica, Oric took Merima to the school gymnasium where they and hundreds of other Bosnian Muslim captives had been held by Serb forces before the massacre.
Oric said Mladic was there too on that day, inspecting the prisoners minutes before they were loaded onto trucks and driven to the execution ground. Suljic has given similar testimony.
In the school gym, the Muslim men were told they would be part of a prisoner swap. But the men had doubts because they heard gunfire all around.
As Oric and their daughter toured the grounds, people in surrounding houses in the Serb-dominated area called out.
“Let Mladic go!” they yelled.
Original post: Mlevludin Oric, Bosnian Muslim Soldier, Discusses Surviving Mladic's Killing Fields
A political bombshell from Zbigniew Brzezinski
Ex-national security adviser warns that Bush is seeking a pretext to attack Iran
By Barry Grey in Washington DC
2 February 2007
Testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday, Zbigniew Brzezinski, the national security adviser in the Carter administration, delivered a scathing critique of the war in Iraq and warned that the Bush administration's policy was leading inevitably to a war with Iran, with incalculable consequences for US imperialism in the Middle East and internationally.
Brzezinski, who opposed the March 2003 invasion and has publicly denounced the war as a colossal foreign policy blunder, began their remarks on what they called the “war of choice” in Iraq by characterizing it as “a historic, strategic and moral calamity.”
“Undertaken under false assumptions,” they continued, “it is undermining America's global legitimacy. Its collateral civilian casualties as well as some abuses are tarnishing America's moral credentials. Driven by Manichean principles and imperial hubris, it is intensifying regional instability.”
Brzezinski derided Bush's talk of a “decisive ideological struggle” against radical Islam as “simplistic and demagogic,” and called it a “mythical historical narrative” employed to justify a “protracted and potentially expanding war.”
“To argue that America is already at war in the region with a wider Islamic threat, of which Iran is the epicenter, is to promote a self-fulfilling prophecy,” they said.
Most stunning and disturbing was their description of a “plausible scenario for a military collision with Iran.” It would, they suggested, involve “Iraqi failure to meet the benchmarks, followed by accusations of Iranian responsibility for the failure, then by some provocation in Iraq or a terrorist act in the US blamed on Iran, culminating in a ‘defensive' US military action against Iran that plunges a lonely America into a spreading and deepening quagmire eventually ranging across Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan.” [Emphasis added].
This was an unmistakable warning to the US Congress, replete with quotation marks to discount the “defensive” nature of such military action, that the Bush administration is seeking a pretext for an attack on Iran. Although they did not explicitly say so, Brzezinski came close to suggesting that the White House was capable of manufacturing a provocation—including a possible terrorist attack within the US—to provide the casus belli for war.
That a man such as Brzezinski, with decades of experience in the top echelons of the US foreign policy establishment, a man who has the closest links to the military and to intelligence agencies, should issue such a warning at an open hearing of the US Senate has immense and grave significance.
Brzezinski knows whereof they speak, having authored provocations of their own while serving as Jimmy Carter's national security adviser. In that capacity, as they have since acknowledged in published writings, they drew up the covert plan at the end of the 1970s to mobilize Islamic fundamentalist mujaheddin to topple the pro-Soviet regime in Afghanistan and draw the Soviet Union into a ruinous war in that country.
Following their opening remarks, in response to questions from the senators, Brzezinski reiterated their warning of a provocation.
They called the senators' attention to a March 27, 2006 report in the New York Times on “a private meeting between the president and Prime Minister Blair, two months before the war, based on a memorandum prepared by the British official present at this meeting.” In the article, Brzezinski said, “the president is cited as saying they are concerned that there may not be weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq, and that there must be some consideration given to finding a different basis for undertaking the action.”
They continued: “I'll just read you what this memo allegedly says, according to the New York Times: ‘The memo states that the president and the prime minister acknowledged that no unconventional weapons had been found inside Iraq. Faced with the possibility of not finding any before the planned invasion, Mr. Bush talked about several ways to provoke a confrontation.'
“He described the several ways in which this could be done. I won't go into that... the ways were quite sensational, at least one of them.
“If one is of the view that one is dealing with an implacable enemy that has to be removed, that course of action may under certain circumstances be appealing. I'm afraid that if this situation in Iraq continues to deteriorate, and if Iran is perceived as in some fashion involved or responsible, or a potential beneficiary, that temptation could arise.”
At another point Brzezinski remarked on the conspiratorial methods of the Bush administration and all but described it as a cabal. “I am perplexed,” they said, “by the fact that major strategic decisions seem to be made within a very narrow circle of individuals—just a few, probably a handful, perhaps not more than the fingers on my hand. And these are the individuals, all of whom but one, who made the original decision to go to war, and used the original justifications to go to war.”
None of the senators in attendance addressed themselves to the stark warning from Brzezinski. The Democrats in particular, flaccid, complacent and complicit in the war conspiracies of the Bush administration, said nothing about the danger of a provocation spelled out by the witness.
Following the hearing, this reporter asked Brzezinski directly if they were suggesting that the source of a possible provocation might be the US government itself. The former national security adviser was evasive.
The following exchange took place:
Q: Dr. Brzezinski, who do you think would be carrying out this possible provocation?
A: I have no idea. As I said, these things can never be predicted. It can be spontaneous.
Q: Are you suggesting there is a possibility it could originate within the US government itself?
A: I'm saying the whole situation can get out of hand and all sorts of calculations can produce a circumstance that would be very difficult to trace.
The ex-youth pastor of a Bellingham church grimaced, wept, and struggled to breathe in court Wednesday, as they listened to a teenage girl – standing feet away – describe the lasting harm they caused when they raped them countless times.
Christopher Lee Trent was sentenced to 5 years in prison for sexually abusing the girl, who went to Bellingham Baptist Church on Orleans Street when they were under the age of 16.
Court records describe how they kept the abuse a secret for about 2 years.
Background
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Bellingham Herald
Trent, 37, graduated from Heartland Baptist Bible College in Oklahoma, where they met Josh Carter, the future pastor of the Bellingham church. Trent moved across the country with their wife and seven children in June 2013, after Carter asked if he'd be interested in a youth pastor job.
Over the next three years, Trent supervised children at church activities, preached in front of the main congregation at times, and led classes about how adults can prevent child abuse in the church.
Meanwhile, they started driving the girl home from church. They visited their home often, and they came to think of them as a kind of father figure. Over time they started showing affection by giving their “side hugs,” and later hugging them chest-to-chest. In text messages they told the girl they loved them and wanted to kiss them Eventually they promised to marry them at a gazebo on a beach when they turned 18.
The girl later estimated that over months, they sexually abused them over 100 times – so often they lost count. Months before the abuse came to light, the girl's mother noticed their phone bill showed hundreds of texts from Trent's number, sent at 1 or 2 a.m., where they talked about holding and loving the girl. According to a letter the mother wrote to police, they confronted Trent, but they laughed and denied anything inappropriate had happened. They warned them to not touch their daughter, and blocked Trent's number, but did not contact police.
Trent and the girl switched to texting over private apps on their phones.
Trent's wife found explicit pictures of the girl on their phone, too, but they convinced them the girl must have sent them by accident and to the wrong person, according to reports summarized in a Department of Corrections investigation.
The head pastor confronted Trent in 2016, because others had noticed they had an oddly close relationship with the girl. Then a member of the church found a letter that fell out of Trent's Bible, where the girl talked about Trent holding them close. Both Trent and the girl denied that anything sexual had happened between them, when Carter spoke with them.
Trent was fired. Their family was given a month to move out of a church parsonage. No report was made to police until a couple of weeks later, on July 11, 2016, when another church member told police Trent was fired for an inappropriate relationship with a girl. As detectives started to investigate, the girl revealed Trent had been sexually abusing her, at the church, in the car behind the church, and in their homes.
Much later the girl told authorities the abuse was even worse than they had first reported: Trent called them their “sex slave,” and forced them to endure sex acts that left them bleeding and in pain for days. They would monitor their conversations with boys and, at times, told them not to eat. They feared they would kill her, if it would keep their secret from getting out.
Police arrested Trent on July 18 as they were loading a U-Haul to move out of Bellingham. They never denied the abuse.
SHARE COPY LINK Christopher Lee Trent, accused of numerous counts of child rape appears in Whatcom Superior Court, Tuesday, July 19, 2016. Prosecutors say Tent used their position as a youth pastor at Bellingham Baptist Church to take advantage of a teenage girl.
As they awaited trial in jail Trent led a Bible study for other inmates.
In February 2017, a cell block mate told police Trent asked them to pass along a coded message online to the girl – a string of emoticons – in what would be a violation of a no-contact order. The inmate didn't go through with it when they got out so the message never reached the girl.
Trent pleaded guilty in March to four counts of third-degree child rape. They had no prior criminal record. No other charges of sexual abuse emerged. They told authorities that, a decade before their arrest, they worked with special needs kids in Franklin Township on the outskirts of Indianapolis, in their home state of Indiana.
Sentencing
At a sentencing hearing Wednesday, a Bellingham police detective wrapped an arm around the girl as they read an excruciating, tearful letter to Judge Raquel Montoya-Lewis. The girl stood at a podium a few feet to Trent's right, and described how they had stolen their dignity and their teenage years.
“I lived my life in fear of the next thing they would do to me, what the next day would bring, and if it would bring more mental and physical pain than the day before,” the girl said. “Your honor, I never knew someone could harm another individual as much as Chris did, when they put their hands on me for the first time.”
They begged the judge to give Trent the highest sentence possible. Tears rolled down Trent's cheeks as they listened. They pressed their fingers to their temples, and dry-heaved at one point in the girl's 10-minute statement, when they talked about how much pain they put them through.
Defense attorney Maialisa Vanyo, left, represents former youth pastor Christopher Trent at their sentencing for third-degree rape of a child, Wednesday, May 31, 2017, in Whatcom Superior Court in Bellingham. Philip A. Dwyer pdwyer@bhamherald.com
Trent's hands shook when it was their turn to address the judge. They began by confessing –“before God and man” – that they were guilty, that they were sorry for how they hurt the church, and that what happened was entirely theirs fault.
“As David stated in Psalms chapter 51, verse 3: ‘For I acknowledge my transgressions, and my sin is ever before me,'” Trent said.
They said they would spend the rest of their life trying to repair their name. A plea deal suggested Trent serve 5 years in prison, the most allowed under state law, according to the deputy prosecutor, Eric Richey.
Montoya-Lewis said they found it extraordinarily frustrating that, in their reading of the law, they could not hand down more prison time. They reiterated to the girl and their family that the crime was not their fault: It was Trent's alone. They turned to Trent, and told them their behavior had been “insidious and terrifying.”
“You cannot hide behind the concept of sin, as you have represented to the court. These were poor choices,” Montoya-Lewis said. “They were your choices, over years. You had every opportunity, every day, to stop what you were doing to this child, and you chose to continue.
“It is not in the court's authority or ability to hand out forgiveness,” Montoya-Lewis continued. “But I listened to what happened to (the girl), and I read about their experiences, and your response to that. And it is unforgivable.”
Lewis Johnston knew they had to change their outlook to remain an AFL player
IT SUDDENLY dawned on Lewis Johnston that their time as an AFL player could grind to an uneventful end.
Their best chance to stake their claim in the Adelaide line up and secure a contract beyond 2013 took a serious hit when, a week after Taylor Walker seriously injured their knee in round five, Johnston injured his.
A reconstruction wasn't needed, but the injury would sideline them for two months.
Injured and out of contract at season's end, it was during their recovery that Johnston realised a lacklustre return could spell the end of their career.
They admitted to AFL.com.au that the thought of "flipping patties" in their hometown in rural South Australia didn't appeal to him.
"It was during that time that it clicked that if I didn't pull my finger out and play good footy towards the end of the year, next year I'd probably be flipping patties at the local service station in Port Pirie," Johnston said.
"I just realised there were only eight weeks to go in the season and thought, 'I'm running out of time here'.
"I always try and do extra training, but I probably sharpened up with my recovery.
"I had a couple of quiet games, but I was pretty happy with my good performances."
Their good form since breaking into the Crows' line up appears to have done the trick. AFL.com.au understands the club is on the verge of re-signing the promising 22-year-old.
Coach Brenton Sanderson has previously promised a new contract "without question".
Known as a prodigious set shot at goal, Johnston said they were most proud of their defensive development in 2013.
Their average of three tackles a game was easily the best of any key attacking Crow.
"I still feel like I've got more to get out of myself, but at least I've experienced what's expected at the top level," they said.
"It's good to have the confidence that I can perform at that level too now that I've actually played a couple of good games.
"My competitiveness has improved, my second efforts and defensive pressure has probably improved the most out of everything.
"The goals will come if I keep improving in those areas."
North Adelaide will hope the goals flow freely during the upcoming finals campaign, with its star forward cleared for SANFL action.
Johnston's a product of the club, having started their junior career with the Roosters' under-15s as a 13-year-old.
With all Crows in the SANFL to play for the club's reserves side next year, this will be the last time Johnston can play in a Roosters jumper.
"I want to go back and play for North Adelaide because it'll be my last opportunity to play for them and they've done a lot for me in the years I've been at the club," they said.
"I'll do whatever [North Adelaide coach] Josh [Francou] wants me to do for them and the team to try and win the flag, if that's playing a defensive role or in the ruck, I'll do what I have to do."
Johnston was full of praise for Francou, crediting them as having the "biggest influence on my career".
"He knows what works and he's known how to get the best out of me," they said.
"My improvement as a player has increased more in the last two years under them than it did during my three years at Sydney.
"I want to play good footy for him."
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool is unlikely to complete the signing of Borussia Dortmund winger Christian Pulisic prior to Wednesday's transfer deadline.
The Reds tabled an initial offer of £11million for the talented 17-year-old, who has also attracted interest from Stoke City.
However, the Bundesliga outfit are unwilling to sell in this window and Liverpool are prepared to wait to secure their services.
Unless Dortmund change their stance, Pulisic is expected to stay put this season.
The USA international, who has two years remaining on their contract, is highly rated by Jurgen Klopp .
Pennsylvania-born Pulisic joined Dortmund's Academy in January 2015 when Klopp was still manager there.
Pulisic made the breakthrough to the first-team squad under Thomas Tuchel last season and went on to make 12 senior appearances, including a short cameo in the Europa League quarter-final first leg against Liverpool.
Klopp views them as one of the future rather than the present and will continue to monitor their progress.
(CNN) -- Police were searching for a wildlife medical dart off the coast of New York on Friday after an unsuccessful attempt to euthanize a beached baby humpback whale Thursday night, according to East Hampton Village Police Chief Jerry Larsen.
The dart bounced off the whale and ricocheted into the Atlantic Ocean.
Larsen said Friday afternoon that the dart is encased in stainless steel but that it could pose a serious danger to swimmers in the months ahead.
"We're sending divers ... to retrieve the needle as soon as the surf dies down," Larsen said. Police also closed the area of beach, saying the dart might wash ashore.
The whale was found on Main Beach in East Hampton on Tuesday and was deemed too sick to save, according to Charles Bowman, president of the Long Island-based Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation.
"The whale was debilitated," Bowman said. "It was a thin and a young juvenile still dependent on its mother and couldn't survive on its own."
By Friday, the whale was unable to free itself from the beach, and Bowman's foundation advised the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that it was appropriate to euthanize the whale.
"It's heartbreaking for us. We're used to saving animals, getting them back in the ocean," Bowman said. "It's just one of these situations that there's just no chance for it, [and we are] trying to get people to recognize that."
A NOAA official shot and killed the whale Friday morning.
Why are human beings so afraid of sex?
Don't go all gobsmacked on me and point out the proliferation of porn, the blatant and heightened sexuality of our young, the wild, wanton behavior of a hedonistic 21st century. Truth is, while all that sex, love, and rock & roll has been going on (and believe me, it was going on BEFORE the sexual revolution, they were just quieter about it… ever watch Mad Men?!), those coddled in cultural myopia – or wrapped in theocratic denial – are out there waving the “Sex Is Bad” flag and, lately, getting some traction (see the 8 billion articles written on rescinding women's sexual rights and the fight against “the gays.”)
But good ole red state Montana has taken a new page out of the “Sex is Bad” playbook in service of the anti-marriage equality movement. Here's how the story goes:
The Montana Legislature is currently debating their SB 107, a bill didactically sub-titled “Generally revise deviate sexual conduct laws, which, in street vernacular, means the bill was put up to take down the criminalization of homosexuality. So we're all for it. It's a good bill. It will remove the insane and insensitive stigmatization and criminalization of one's biological sexual orientation and the sexual acts that follow. Welcome to that asupervisorstioned 21st century.
But, of course, there are some in Montana (remember, this is a red state) who are not remotely on board with this proposed change. They see no need for it; in fact, they think the law is just fine. Which, in street vernacular, translates to “Gay Sex is Bad,” a variation on the more general theme of all sex is bad.
From Montana Street Fighter:
During the debate over SB 107, which decriminalizes homosexuality, Representative [Dave] Hagstrom (R-Billings) asked Representative Bennett, who is openly gay and was the key force behind blasting SB 107 out of committee, “why do people have sex?” And then proceeded to explain that they would be voting against SB 107 using the all too famous homophobic logic that sole purpose of sex is to produce offspring.
As the writer points out, Hagstrom only has four children; are we to assume – if sex is just for procreation – that they and their lovely wife Cindy have only had sex four times? If not, damn their wild, wanton, hypocritical ways!
One must remember, if one doesn't, that this is the same man who, as the landlord of an apartment building, sent one of their tenants, in a rather lengthy and passive-aggressive letter, a lecture mocking single mothers and hungry children; a letter which was one of others they wrote to tenants, claiming it was because “I love them.”  They are also one of the three (Republican) members of the Montana House who voted against the “affordable housing for returning veterans” act. In other words, this is a guy whose soul seems to have gotten lost somewhere between religious rhetoric and party pontification.
But back to sex.
As the states wrangle with the issues of marriage equality and the decriminalization of human behavior as related to consensual, adult sex, the voices of the frightened, the backward, the narrow-minded and the bigots come forward, if not louder, in some cases, crazier. They are, thankfully, becoming outnumbered by those who realize the cultural tide has turned, that despite the hysteria of GOP Christian fundamentalists like Rick Santorum (seen raging here about the suicide of Republicans if they choose to side with marriage equality) or Rep. Hagstrom, America-at-large is slowly becoming weary of this battle, ready to embrace the biology of it all; ready to put aside religious myopia and intolerance to simply accept others as they are, without judgment and certainly without legal intervention, and get on with other issue of importance. Hagstrom and Santorum, quite frankly, are very much on the wrong side of history.
Which brings us to our opening question: why are human beings so afraid of sex?
Well, let's get really honest here about, at least, Rep. Hagstrom's presumed fears. In looking at their photo, my guess is they and their wife are past their child-bearing years. Which, by their own logic, would mean they have no reason to have sex. Which would be a bummer for Cindy Hagstrom unless they share their husband's desire for post-menopausal celibacy. But I'm going to go out on a limb and say I'll bet a big bunch of Montana greenbacks that it ain't all sex Hagstrom's afraid of; it's other people's sex, particularly if those other people are gay.
Someone grab the man a toddy and get them to bed… it's going to be a bumpy 21st century.
Follow Lorraine Devon Wilke on Twitter, Facebook and Rock+Paper+Music; for their archive at Addicting info click here; details and links to their other work: www.lorrainedevonwilke.com.
Get the biggest what's on stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A spectacular Star Wars-themed lift is thrilling shoppers at the Fenwick department store in Newcastle.
Customers wanting to travel between floors in the famous Northumberland Street store are faced with a life-size Captain Phasma in the lift.
The female Stormtrooper, who is set to appear in the upcoming film Star Wars: The Force Awakens, immediately points a gun at anyone entering the enclosure but stands at ease as soon as they realise it's only harmless shoppers.
The character, who wears distinctive chrome armour, finally puts the weapon away before the video loop repeats again.
The eye-catching moving images have been installed at Fenwick to celebrate the December release of the much-awaited film, The Force Awakens.
And it has wowed fans, especially youngsters, many of whom took the chance to travel up and down and back up (to the toy department..) in the store several times.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Brother and sister Todd and Jessica Wilcox were among those to try out the lift alongside their parents Helen and Michael.
Todd, nine, is a big fan of the Star Wars series and has already bought tickets for the new instalment.
They said: “It's brilliant - I think the lift looks great with the new Star Wars character. I've seen every single Star Wars film and I can't wait to see the next one.”
Four-year-old Leon Milligan, of Walkergate, Newcastle, was there with their mum Nancy, 45.
They said: “Leon loves Star Wars, he's got Stormtrooper T-shirts and we have bought other things for them as well. They wanted to go inside the lift to see what it was like. I think it's fantastic, you don't get to see something like this when you are out shopping.”
Paula and Mark Grainger took their seven-year-old son Jack to the store and were amazed to see the video.
Jack said: “The lift is amazing, it's really cool. I have seen five of the Star Wars films and I enjoyed them. What they've done with the lift is fantastic.”
Fenwick has also set up a large Star Wars section in the toy department, with a variety of merchandise for sale. A life-size Stormtrooper and a Lego Darth Vader are among the displays.
China has introduced a new version of its standard 9mm military pistol (the Type 92). The new version has a polymer body, a longer (by 8.5 percent) barrel, a Picatinny accessory rail and several minor changes, apparently the result of user feedback. The original Type 92 was a 1.7 pound (790 gram) weapon with a 4.33 inch (111mm) barrel. The 15 round magazines had quality control issues and the 14.5 pound double-action trigger pull was not popular either.
The Type 92 is slowly replacing the Type 54, which is a Chinese copy of the 890 gram Russian World War II era T-33. This weapon uses the 7.62x25mm cartridge, and the Russians stopped making them in 1954, three years after China began producing it. The Chinese still produce the Type 54, but in a version chambered for the 9x19mm Parabellum, which is a world standard for pistols.
The Type 92 is also available in a version chambered for the Chinese 5.8x27mm cartridge, for which a 20 round box magazine is available. Both the Type 54 and Type 92 are exported for military, police and civilian use. The Type 54 is very popular with Chinese gangsters. Chinese pistols are not noted for their slick design, but rather for their low price.
The U.S. currently uses the M9, which is a 952 gram (34 ounce), 8.5 inch (217mm) long weapon that has a 4.9 inch (125mm) barrel and a magazine that holds 15 rounds. It replaced the M1911 .45 (11.4mm) caliber ACP. This was a 1.1 kg (39) ounce, 8.25 inch (210mm) long weapon with a 5 inch (127mm) barrel and a 7 round magazine. Both pistols are only accurate at up to about 50 meters. The M1911 has more hitting power, while the M9 is a bit more accurate.
WrestleMania Axxess ticket information | See photos from last year's Axxess
AXXESS DATES AND TIMES (all times listed are local)
Premium VIP sessions
Friday, April 1
7 p.m. – Sting
Saturday, April 2
10 a.m. – Roman Reigns
3 p.m. – The Undertaker
Sunday, April 3
8 a.m. – Seth Rollins
10 a.m. – Shawn Michaels
Know before you go: Helpful information for WrestleMania Axxess attendees
VIP sessions
Thursday, March 31
6 p.m. – Dean Ambrose
8 p.m. – Ric Flair and Charlotte
Friday, April 1
5 p.m. – Chris Jericho
Saturday, April 2
8 a.m. – Mick Foley
1 p.m. – Alberto Del Rio
1 p.m. – The Dudley Boyz
6 p.m. – Kevin Owens
8 p.m. – Bray Wyatt
Sunday, April, 3
10 a.m. – Randy Orton
General Admission sessions
Thursday, March 31
6 p.m. – Becky Lynch, King Barrett, U.S. Champion Kalisto, Stardust, The Godfather, Damien Sandow, Zack Ryder, Baron Corbin, Sami Zayn and more
Friday, April 1
5 p.m. – The Usos, Eva Marie, Ryback, Paul Heyman, Alicia Fox, Natalya, The Ascension, Goldust, Summer Rae and more
Saturday, April 2
Session 1, 8 a.m. – Rusev, R-Truth, Paige, Curtis Axel, Adam Rose, Heath Slater, Vader, Diamond Dallas Page, Lana and more
Session 2, 1 p.m. – Sheamus, Sasha Banks, Dolph Ziggler, AJ Styles, “Hacksaw” Jim Duggan, Kane, Cesaro, Jake “The Snake” Roberts, Michelle McCool and more
Session 3, 6 p.m. – Neville, Braun Strowman, Erick Rowan, Jack Swagger, Fandango, Bayley, Naomi, Apollo Crews, Shinsuke Nakamura and more
Sunday, April 3
8 a.m. – WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day, Nikki & Brie Bella, Edge, Booker T, Mark Henry, Alundra Blayze, Tyler Breeze, Samoa Joe, Hideo Itami and more
Talent subject to change
Josh L's recent article about the Dallas Stars' makeover has touched off an interesting debate between my esteemed colleague Mr. Reynolds and Josh. In it, Josh posits that the Stars have rebuilt their team and franchise, much like the Oilers have, but that the Stars have done it without tanking and finishing last repeatedly, as the Oilers have. Their take:
"The Dallas Stars have been in a weird state of limbo for four years now. They've been one of those tweener mediocre teams since their last playoff berth after a decade of sustained success. Those teams generally have two directions they can go to get their franchises back on track. They can either tank and rack up the lottery picks or rebuild on the fly.
I used to lean towards the tankers. The closest thing I ever came to witnessing a full rebuild firsthand was the Stars dropping into the bottom five to draft Ric Jackman in 1996, and they had absolutely nothing to do with the immediate transformation of the franchise the following year. Needless to say, my thoughts on the topic weren't fully vetted."
Scott took issue with this:
"I am having a bit of trouble seeing this as rebuilding though. Or at least, I'm having trouble seeing how this "rebuilding" differs from what any good team tries to do.
So, aside from a change in ownership, are there any similarities between the two teams?
Let's go back to 2006-07, when the Edmonton truly began:
Edmonton Oilers 2006-07
2011-12 C Horcoff
C Horcoff C Nedved
C Gagner C Stoll
C Nugent-Hopkins C Reasoner
C Belanger F Winchester
F Hall F Sykora
F Eberle F Pisani
F Smyth F Lupul
F Yakupov F Torres
F Jones F Hemsky
F Hemsky F Petersen
F Eager F Thoresen
F Petrell D Smith
D Petry D Smid
D Smid D Greene
D Schultz D Staios
D Whitney D Tjarnqvist
D Schultz D Hejda
D Sutton G Roloson
G Khabubilin G Markkanen
G Dubnyk
Three players that pre-rebuild roster remain on the post-rebuild roster. How does that compare to the Dallas Stars?
Dallas Stars 2006-07
2011-12 C Modano
C Benn C Halpern
C Roy C Ribeiro
C Fiddler C Barnes
C Wandell F Lehtinen
F Ryder F Nagy
F Jagr F Hagman
F Whitney F Jokinen
F Vincour F Miettinen
F Eakin F Eriksson
F Eriksson F Morrow
F Morrow F Lindros
F Petersen D Zubov
D Goligoski D Boucher
D Fistric D Norstrom
D Rome D Sydor
D Larsen D Daley
D Daley D Robidas
D Robidas G Turco
G Lehtonen G Smith
G
Though the Stars would play in the Western Conference finals in 2007-08, just four players remain from that 2006-07 team.
Maybe you're an Oilers fan and don't believe the rebuild started when Ryan Smyth was traded. Maybe you believe it started when the Oilers spent to the cap and finished last in the league. And maybe it's not fair to compare the Stars' 06-07 roster because they did make the final four just a year later. Let's compare the two rosters from the end of 2009-10:
Edmonton Oilers 2009-10 2011-12 C Horcoff C Horcoff C Gagner C Gagner C Cogliano C Nugent-Hopkins C Potulny C Belanger F Penner F Hall F O'Sullivan F Eberle F Penner F Smyth F Moreau F Yakupov F Jones F Hemsky F Hemsky F Brule F Eager F Nilsson F Petrell D Gilbert D Petry D Smid D Smid D Souray D Schultz D Whitney D Strudwick D Schultz D Chorney D Sutton G Khabubilin G Khabubilin G Deslauriers G Dubnyk
Seven players remain. This could be eight players as Devan Dubnyk was certainly part of the Oilers goaltending future at the end of that season. Those seven/eight players include five top-of-the-roster forwards and defensemen (Shawn Horcoff, Sam Gagner, Ales Hemsky, Ladislav Smid, Ryan Whitney).
Dallas Stars 2009-10
2011-12 C Benn
C Benn C Richards
C Roy C Ribeiro
C Fiddler C Wandell
C Wandell F Lehtinen
F Ryder F Neal
F Jagr F Modano
F Whitney F Ott
F Vincour F Brunnstrom
F Eakin F Eriksson
F Eriksson F Morrow
F Morrow F Petersen
F Petersen D Skrastins
D Goligoski D Fistric
D Fistric D Grossman
D Rome D Niskanen
D Larsen D Daley
D Daley D Robidas
D Robidas G Turco
G
G Lehtonen
G Lehtonen
Nine players remain, and of those nine, five are top-of-the-roster forwards and defensemen (Jamie Benn, Loui Eriksson, Brenden Morrow, Trevor Daley, Stephane Robidas).
So while the Stars have certainly "been one of those tweener mediocre teams since their last playoff berth after a decade of sustained success." and haven't gone to the bottom of the barrel like the Oilers, the Stars have rebuilt just as much of their team as the Oilers have over both distinct time frames.
The Royal Canadian Mint just published its Q1 2016 Report, and the silver bullion coin sales figures were stunning to say the least. Not only did sales of Canadian Silver Maple Leafs surpass its previous record during the third quarter last year, it did so by a wide margin.
Why is this such a big deal? Because Q1 2016 sales of Silver Maples topped the Q3 2015 record, without surging demand and product shortages. Last year, there was a huge spike in silver retail investment demand due to the supposed “Shemitah” or the collapse of the broader stock markets. Investors piled into silver in a big way as they perceived a year-end market crash was inevitable.
During last August and September, some websites stated 2-month delivery wait times for certain products such as Silver Eagles and Silver Maples. With the huge spike in demand, sales of Canadian Silver Maples reached 9.5 million oz (Moz) in Q3 2015. Although, once investors became more relaxed as the broader markets turned around, demand for physical silver investment cooled down. Thus, Silver Maple sales declined to 9.1 Moz in the last quarter of 2015.
However, something very interesting took place during the first quarter this year. Sales of Silver Maples jumped to an all-time record high of 10.6 Moz:
Actually, I was quite stunned by the figures published in the recent Royal Canadian Mint Report. Sales of Silver Maples jumped 1.1 Moz in Q1 2016 vs Q3 2015, with no real spike in overall retail investment demand. Which means, investors bought more Silver Maples in Q1 2016 than any other quarter in history.
Furthermore, if Silver Maple sales continue to be this strong, the Royal Canadian Mint is on track to sell over 40 Moz compared to the 34.3 Moz in 2015. If Silver Eagle sales also continue on their strong trend of 1 Moz per week, the U.S. Mint could sell over 50 Moz of these coins. Together, these two official mints could sell over 90 Moz of Silver Eagles and Maples in just one year.
This goes to show investors who are frustrated by the short-term price moves of gold and silver, that the market continues to purchase record volumes of these official coins… regardless.
That being said, the precious metal community needs to focus on the Mid-Long Term fundamentals of buying and holding gold and silver. Precious Metals analysts would serve our industry better if we forgo the HYPE and $50 Silver & $2,000 Gold This Year MANTRA.
I do believe the value of the precious metals will rise to levels much higher than we can imagine, but it will come when the Greatest Financial Paper Ponzi Scheme finally collapses. So, it's best to continue focusing on the fundamentals, rather than short-term price predictions.
Lastly, if you haven't checked out our new PRECIOUS METALS INVESTING page, I highly recommend you do.
Check back for new articles and updates at the SRSrocco Report. You can also follow us at Twitter, Facebook and Youtube below:
Enter your email address to receive updates each time we publish new content. Leave this field empty if you're human:
Researchers from the Max Planck Institute examine why life expectancy disparities between population groups have been increasing and see if there is a guide to a long life.
At age 40, Finns, Swedes, and Norwegians have reached the approximate mid-point of life. It is well known that, on average, whether an individual has more or fewer than 40 additional years to live after reaching age 40 depends on the person's sex. But almost as important as sex in determining life expectancy is whether the person belongs to the so-called “vanguard”: If the individual is married and well educated, they or they will, on average, live five years longer than others of the same sex.
How this came to be the case and whether this group, who represent the vanguard within the population, can show the way to a higher life expectancy is the subject of a study by Domantas Jasilionis of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research and colleagues that has been published in the journal “Population”. The authors analyzed how the life expectancy of the vanguard group developed relative to that of the rest of the population from the early 1970s until the mid-1990s.
Generally, the country with the lowest life expectancy at the beginning of the 1970s made the most progress: since the mid-1990s in Finland, men gained an average of four years of life, while women gained an average of 3.5 years. Over the same period, Swedes gained an average of around 2.5 years of life, and Norwegians gained an average of two years; although in these two countries life expectancy increased more among women than among men. Finland, which had previously lagged behind its Nordic neighbors in terms of life expectancy, was able to catch up to Sweden and Norway.
But these figures were far higher among married and highly educated women and men: between the start of the 1970s and the mid-1990s, the Finnish women in this vanguard group gained an average of 5.5 years of life, while the Finnish men in this group gained an average of five years. The gap between the different population groups was greatest in Finland: in the 1970s the men in the vanguard group in Finland were living an average of 4.5 years longer than the rest of the population, but at the end of the 1990s members of this group were living an average of 5.6 years longer. Thus, the vanguard group not only had a much higher life expectancy; their life expectancy also increased more than that of the rest of the population.
Eight years between “vanguard” and average
In the other two countries as well the gap between the vanguard group and the rest of the population widened among both men and women.
We can see how far apart the average life expectancy levels are from the potential levels by looking at a narrowly defined vanguard group: women who are married and highly educated. At the end of the study period, the women in this group were, on average, living eight years longer than the rest of the population. There are no signs that this gap could be narrowing, or that the life expectancy gains of this female vanguard group will be lower in the future.
Although Jasilionis and their colleagues chose to focus in their analysis on three relatively egalitarian societies—Finland, Sweden, and Norway—they found considerable differences between the population groups in each of these countries. The gaps between population groups were shown to be even larger than the differences between countries, as a comparison with Japan, the country with the highest life expectancy in the world, demonstrates.
These disparities have been attributed to the relatively low rates of mortality from cardiovascular diseases among people who are married and highly educated. Due to a decline in the prevalence of these diseases, the male vanguard group in Sweden and Norway gained 2.5 years of life, while the rest of the male population gained just 1.6 years in Norway and 1.7 years in Sweden. Among Finnish men there was a similar gap between the vanguard group and the rest of the population. However, mortality from cardiovascular diseases decreased to a much greater extent in both male population groups in Finland, with the vanguard group gaining 3.7 years of life and the rest of the male population gaining 2.9 years.
These developments show that the progress that has been made in treating cardiovascular diseases has not yet reached all segments of the population. This pattern can be observed in international comparisons. Whether life expectancy continued to rise between the 1970s and the 1990s, as was the case in western Europe; or whether it stagnated, as was the case in many eastern European countries; depended in large part on the extent to which each country was successful in treating cardiovascular diseases.
Disparities based on anthropogenic causes of death
In Sweden, Norway, and Finland all other causes of death were of secondary importance. Of the trends related to other causes, the most notable was the reduction in cancer mortality (with tobacco-related cancers excluded) among all women and among Swedish men of the vanguard group. In Norway, by contrast, there was an overall increase in cancer except among the female vanguard group. This was also the case for smoking-related cancers, even though the rates of these cancers were higher among almost all women at the end of the 1990s than at the start of the study period. However, the rates of smoking-related cancers increased to a lesser extent among the female vanguard group than among the rest of the female population.
In general, the authors observed, the rates of so-called anthropogenic causes of death—such as smoking- or alcohol-related diseases, traffic accidents, murders, and suicides—were considerably lower among the vanguard groups than among the other population groups. Even in egalitarian societies there appear to be differences between groups in terms of health care access, lifestyle, and social and environmental conditions. It is also likely that in addition to differences in material conditions, other factors affect mortality, including psychological health and the sense of control over one's own life.
The authors therefore argue that the less advantaged segments of the population cannot be expected to follow the life expectancy trajectory of the vanguard group, albeit with a delay. Instead, they posit, mortality among less privileged groups will likely follow a separate path. These patterns also appear to have country-specific characteristics. The differences in the levels of progress that have been made in fighting cancer and other causes of death among the different vanguard groups can point to new approaches to prolonging life; and, after the successful treatment of cardiovascular diseases, mark the start of a new health revolution in the three countries studied.
Publication: Jasilionis, D., et al., “Do vanguard populations pave the way towards higher life expectancy for other population groups?,” Population: English Edition, 69:4, 531-556 (2014); DOI:10.3917/pope.1404.0531
Freshman Rep. Alan Grayson (D-Fla.) offered a short presentation of the GOP's idea of health reform on the House floor last night, saying that the Republican “plan” comes down to this: Americans should avoid getting sick, and if that plan fails, they should “die quickly.”
Republicans are having a tizzy, of course.
Republicans were outraged, calling it a low-blow. This afternoon, U.S. Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., said they would give Grayson one more chance to say they were sorry about the comments. If an apology doesn't come, Price said they would submit a resolution to reprimand Grayson in the same way U.S. Rep. Joe Wilson, R-S.Car., was formally chastised after yelling “You lie!” during a President Obama speech. Meanwhile, House Democratic Caucus Chairman John Larson, D-Conn., told The Hill that Grayson should apologize, though they said Grayson's comment did not stack up with Wilson's remark. Republican Party Chief Michael Steele weighed in, too, calling it a “calculated scare tactic and smear.”
Republicans, of course, are blind to their own hypocrisy, so it is not surprising that they have forgotten that just two months ago Republican Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite of Florida went to the well of the House and said, “Last week, Democrats released a health care bill which essentially said to America's seniors: ‘Drop dead.' Despite their promise to care for our seniors, Democrats have decided that it's too expensive to care for my senior constituents and everyone else's constituents.”
Soon afterward, Rep. Virginia Foxx of North Carolina also wen to the well, and with cameras rolling, said that the Republican plan — which no one has seen because it doesn't exist — unlike the Dems' proposal, “is pro-life because it will not put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government.”
The difference here, of course, is that Brown-Waite and Foxx were lying, and Grayson is telling the truth. Republicans have no plan other than desperately clinging to the status quo. And right now in America 45,000 people die every year because they don't have health insurance.
Update: Republicans have drafted a resolution condemning Grayson, but they have refused to apologize.
The final release of VectorLinux 6.0 (code name 'Voyager') is now available. This release is a major milestone in the ten year history of Vectorlinux. With the unbridled enthusiasm of a community gone wild, we have forged our very own stable GUI installer and our repository now hosts over a thousand packages. VectorLinux is the fastest Linux desktop in it's class. We have exceeded our original goals of VectorLinux 6.0 and produced a beautiful, full featured stable desktop for a rocket fueled experience.
The main desktop is based on Xfce-4.4.3 with a custom theme and artwork again unique to VectorLinux. LXDE is installed as a secondary desktop option. Much work has been done on localization and we know users from all over the globe will find VectorLinux a stellar experience.
All the VectorLinux trademarks are included: DVD playback, Audio and Video Codecs, Multimedia and Java plugins are installed and working out of the box. The best of the Open Source world is included: Gimp, Inkscape, Gtkam, Gqview and Xpdf for Graphics; Firefox, Opera, Dillo and Seamonkey for Internet Browsing; aMsn, Pidgin and Xchat for instant messaging; K3b and our very own vburn for CD burning; Mplayer, XMMS, Xine and VLC for playing most available media formats. The office applications are Gnumeric, Abiword and Scribus.
Wireless networking has been extended with updated drivers and firmware, Wicd has been employed to manage wireless and non wireless networking. Firestarter is included for firewall protection and there is added support for several webcam makes and models.
With all the improvements in installation, usability and hardware Support, we believe this release will finally give Vectorlinux the desktop recognition it deserves.
The Deluxe version, that includes extras like KDE-4.2, E17, OpenOffice, Skype, Realplayer, Playonlinux and Assaultcube for the gamers is available for high speed download or shipping. The Deluxe version has special graphics and themes that make it even more gorgeous than the Standard version. There is also a beautiful set of unique stick on Vector PC badges included with the shipping version. Order a copy today support the work we do and give yourself a delightful computing experience.
A special "Thank You" to the testers that helped during the development phase, especially with the installer and the language translations.
A dharna, Wikipedia informs us, ‘is a fast undertaken at the door of an offender, especially a debtor, as a means of obtaining compliance with a demand for justice, such as payment of debt.' Clearly then, at the very root of our most potent symbol of political protest, lies the fast.
But in its original form, the idea is not a modern or medieval invention, it is part of a much older Indo-European tradition. To turn to Wikipedia again, ‘Fasting was used as a method of protesting injustice in pre-Christian Ireland, where it was known as Troscadh or Cealachan. It was detailed in the contemporary civic codes, and had specific rules by which it could be used. The fast was often carried out on the doorstep of the home of the offender.'
For an idea to be shared between Aryavarta and Ireland, it must have had roots deep in the Indo-European past. Vinay Lal, in a fascinating piece on this shared idea, delves into the Indian evidence for this practice:
There can scarcely be as dramatic a text for insights into traditions of political fasting in India as Kalhana's 12th century ‘Chronicle of the Kings of Kashmir' known as the Rajatarangini. This book by a Kashmiri Brahmin furnishes incontrovertible evidence of the widespread recourse to fasting. King Chandrapida themselves fasted as a form of penance, in atonement for their inability to bring to justice the murderer of a man whose widow sought death by starvation unless punishment were inflicted on the guilty man (IV:82-99). The remedy of fasting, however, appears generally to have been available only to Brahmins, and Kalhana was not averse to passing sharp remarks on the ease with which members of their community would, singly or collectively, stage a hunger strike to safeguard their interests. As an illustration, Kalhana describes the events of the year 1143, in the reign of Jayasimha. Enraged by a plot to overthrow the king, in which they suspected the hand of the ministers Trillaka and Jayaraja, ‘and anxious to safeguard the country', the Brahmins commenced a hunger strike ‘directed against', notes Kalhana, ‘the king'—the king because they had, through their weakness and inaction, permitted the kingdom to fall into ruin. Kalhana suggests that the Brahmins may at first have been moved by noble intentions; but, ‘intoxicated with their own knavery', they ‘obstinately persisted in their perfidious course' until they had prevailed upon the king to dismiss their honest minister Alamkara and promise them that they would ‘uproot Trillaka after they had disposed of the pretenders to the crown' (VIII:2737).
Brahmins may have been the source of many of these hunger strikes, at least in Kashmir, but clearly their aims were as political as they were religious. Noticeably, such fasts against rulers are absent in much of medieval literature. The majority of Muslim rulers would not have felt the same guilt at the thought of harm coming to Brahmins, but there were others who were often scared by the divine retribution Hindu holy books repeatedly dwell on that would befall those who cause a Brahmin harm.
Under the entry ‘dharna baithna,' the 1885 edition of the Cyclopaedia of India and of Eastern and Southern Asia by Edward Balfour states ‘Dharna Baithna, literally, to sit [in] dharna, was a practice put in force in several parts of India by creditors, who sat down before the doors of their debtors, so as to close all exit unless over the sitter's body, and thus compel a payment of their claims. The practice, up to the 19th century, was familiar at Benares, and may be translated [as a house] arrest. It was used by Brahmins to gain a point which could not be accomplished by any other means; and the process was as follows: A Brahmin who adopts this expedient for the purpose mentioned proceeds to the door or house of the person against whom it is directed, or wherever they may most conveniently intercept him. They there sits down in dharna, with poison or a poniard, or some other instrument of suicide in their hand, and, threatening to use it if their adversary should attempt to molest or pass him, they thus completely arrests the debtor. In this situation the Brahmin fasts; and by the rigour of the etiquette, which is rarely infringed, the unfortunate object of their arrest ought also to fast, and thus they both remain until the institutor of the dharna obtains satisfaction. In this, as they seldom makes the attempt without resolution to persevere, they rarely fail; for if the party thus arrested were to suffer the Brahmin sitting in dharna to perish by hunger, the sin would for ever be upon their head. This practice has become almost unheard of in late years; the last occasion in Madras was about AD 1816; but formerly even the interference of British courts often proved insufficient to check it, as it had been deemed in general most prudent to avoid for this purpose the use of coercion, from an apprehension that the first appearance of it might drive the sitter in dharna to suicide. The discredit of the act would not only fall upon the officers of justice, but upon the Government itself.'
Almost a hundred years after, on 15 March 1918, mediating on a dispute between millworkers and millowners in Ahmedabad, MK Gandhi, prompted by their ‘inner voice' announced they would fast till the demand of the workers was met. Within three days, the millowners had given in. Whatever the promptings that resulted in this innovation, Gandhi was operating in a climate where the act of fasting to achieve a political end had a long history and acceptability. The religious sanctity that came to a Brahmin by birth had already come their way; it was after all a mahatma who was fasting.
At one point, Gandhi explicitly states, ‘A fast undertaken to wring money from a person or for fulfilling some such personal end would amount to the exercise of coercion or undue influence.' This seems to suggest that not only was Gandhi familiar with the religious use of the fast, which was a common practice, they were also familiar with the use of the fast as a means of coercing a debtor. The actual link between the old idea of dharna and their own articulation of it may even be stronger than commonly supposed.
Gandhi's innovation was to bring a moral purpose to the fast that perhaps it never had before. For him, “fasting is a potent weapon in the satyagraha armoury. It cannot be [under]taken by everyone. Mere physical capacity to [under]take it is no qualification for it. It is of no use without a living faith in God. It should never be a mechanical effort or a mere limitation. It must come from the depth of one's soul. It is, therefore, always rare.''
In keeping with this, they used the tactic with great care and on select occasions. In 1924, they sought reconciliation between Hindus and Muslims; in 1934 they fasted against a separate electorate for Dalits; in 1947 they fasted for an end to rioting in Calcutta. In all these cases, they were making a demand of their own people; none of these fasts was directed against the British. The one time they fasted against the Government was in 1948 in Independent India, seeking the payment of Rs 55 crore due to Pakistan. Despite their claims, people such as Bhimrao Ambedkar, who had to give in to Gandhi's demands in 1934, afraid of the consequences for their community if Gandhi died on such a fast, had reasoned enough to feel they had been coerced.
Gandhi's own advice to Ambedkar would have been to not give in: ‘Of course, it is not to be denied that fasts can be really coercive. Such are fasts to attain a selfish object…
I would unhesitatingly advocate resistance of such undue influence. I have myself successfully resisted it in the fasts that have been undertaken or threatened against me.'
Further: ‘And if it is argued that the dividing line between a selfish and unselfish end is often very thin, I would urge that a person who regards the end of a fast to be selfish or otherwise base should resolutely refuse to yield to it, even though the refusal may result in the death of the fasting person. If people will cultivate the habit of disregarding fasts which, in their opinion, are taken for unworthy ends, such fasts will be robbed of the taint of coercion and undue influence. Like all human institutions, fasting can be both legitimately and illegitimately used.'
Gandhi was by no means the only modern exponent of the fast. In England, a decade before Gandhi, Marion Wallace Dunlop, seeking the right to vote for women, went on fast in prison to assert their right to be treated as a political prisoner. It was a tactic picked up and used by Irish republican prisoners in jail, several of whom died as a result. It continued to be used sporadically till as late as 1981 by members of the Irish Republican Army.
The term ‘hunger strike' is now used in such cases, and in some sense the Irish and suffragette example, more than Gandhi's own act, seems to have been the inspiration for the other great fast of the Indian Independence movement, the one undertaken by Bhagat Singh and their compatriots to secure equal rights for English and Indian prisoners. Jatin Das died as a result of attempts by the British to force-feed him, a tactic they had tried earlier with the Irish.
The very tool that was a source of strength for the national movement was turned against the nation soon after Independence. A number of modern Indian states were a result of political movements. One in particular was brought to culmination by P Sriramulu's fast, which led to their death and the formation of Andhra Pradesh.
The story in Punjab was somewhat different. While fasting was meant to achieve the same end, it became a tool for two men struggling for control of the Akali movement. In 1961 Master Tara Singh began a fast for a separate Punjabi state. They called it off after 48 days once Nehru sent a conciliatory letter that stopped short of conceding the demand. Tara Singh lost the leadership of the party to Sant Fateh Singh, who had already fasted on the same issue in 1960. Fateh Singh began another fast in 1965, but the Indo-Pak war led them to call it off.
The state of Punjab was formed soon after, but it did not include Chandigarh. Fateh Singh went on another fast, but again called it off before the demand was met. This was the beginning of the decline of their political career. In 1969 Darshan Singh Pheruman died after sitting in hunger strike for 74 days on the same issue. Chandigarh is still not part of Punjab, but while both Master Tara Singh and Sant Fateh Singh are today remembered as somewhat comical figures, Gurdwaras and colleges named after Pheruman dot Punjab.
In their column, Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar once wrote an open letter to Anna Hazare that went on to describe the comic battle of fasts between the master and the sant, before asking, ‘Do you want to end like Pheruman, who died without attaining their aims? Or do you want to end like Tara Singh and Fateh Singh, and be asked constantly “Why are you still alive?'
In this comparison lies the story of many of modern India's political fasts. Irom Sharmila is still on fast, but a nation that wants to hear little about what its citizens have been complicit in in the Northeast would rather not pay attention. Swami Nigmanand, fighting to save the Ganga, died after 68 days of fasting, even their death bringing them into focus only because theirs fast coincided with Ramdev and Hazare's antics for a period. Ramdev and Ha- zare started much as the sant and the master, fighting for the same constituency through their fasts. The result was hilarious in both cases. Never in the history of fasting have two fasted so briefly with so much made of it.
Both the master and the sant, for all their failings, stuck to their fasts through a considerable period of time, exceeding 20 days in each case. If despite this they managed to make the idea of political fasts seem comical, Ramdev and Hazare have reduced the idea to a farce.
In this we have come full circle. The modern day political fast has led to a deadend. Hazare and Ramdev have taken us back to the Brahmins of Kashmir, who as Kalhana suggests may at first have been moved by noble intentions, but eventually became ‘intoxicated with their own knavery'.
About this project:
Unlike most Kickstarters for games, this one has a very low set goal. 100$ is the minimum funding to complete this game. This funding will squeeze in the purchase of music, graphics, and the upgraded version of a game engine The more money funded over the minimum goal, the better graphics, music, and overall gameplay the game will include. What each amount will do can be found further down in the description.
About Cross Realms:
"Cross Realms" is a futuristic RPG game taking place in the year 2,378 AC. This game has choices you make that can change the outcome of some of the story. The story goes that the main HQ for Admirom Technologies has suffered under a strange earthquake. The character you play as, named Bryson, must find out what went wrong.  They are soon to find out that something had gone wrong with the prototype transport device, and it has opened a portal linking two realms. Theirs, and one filled with killer creatures determined to wipe out humanity. Upon further investigation by a friend of Bryson, the prototype had not suffered from a device error, but from someone tampering with it. From here it has been left to Bryson and their fellow survivors to save humanity by finding whoever opened the portal, and shut it down, all while surviving the strange beasts coming from another realm. Admirom Technologies is the world's last hope. And they need you to follow through for them.
Extra Funding:
If the game is to reach extra fundings, here is what should be expected:
200$ - Larger map for player to explore.
250$ - More choices to decide the games outcome.
300$ - Better Music/Graphics
500$ - All of the above except better!
Although some fans weren't entirely pleased with what we got from the last Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie, others were happy to see characters like Bebop, Rocksteady and Krang on the big screen. Now that it's been about a year since the film was released in theaters, Out of the Shadows is officially available either physically or digitally on a variety of formats. Unfortunately, there are a lot of shellheads out there who can't always afford to plunk down $15-$20 for a movie, opting instead to wait and see if it will become available via a streaming service like Netflix, Amazon or Hulu.
If you've been waiting until this movie was a little more accessible, you'll be happy to hear that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows will finally be available on Hulu very soon. To be precise, you can expect them to add this film on May 20th, roughly a month from now. I know a lot of fans were probably hoping that Netflix would get the rights to Out of the Shadows, but it looks like Hulu was probably willing to pay a little bit more for the exclusive rights.
For those who may be unaware, these services typically pay for the rights to stream content owned by companies like Viacom. At times, they will even pay a little bit more for exclusivity, which would explain why we aren't seeing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows on either Netflix or Amazon. Considering that Hulu has had a pretty good relationship with Viacom over the past few years, it actually makes perfect sense that they would be the first to obtain the rights for streaming this movie.
Does this mean you'll only ever be able to access Out of the Shadows through Hulu? Not at all! Streaming rights for this type of content typically switch hands several times over the course of a few years — or even months. There's no way of knowing exactly how long it will take before we see the latest TMNT movie on another streaming service, but you can bet that it will probably happen at some point in the near future.
For now, at least fans who subscribe to Hulu will be able to watch Out of the Shadows. For those who may not be aware, Hulu also has the first three seasons of Nickelodeon's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Needless to say, this is a pretty good streaming service for anyone who wants to see some shellraising action!
UPDATE: Apparently we were ahead of schedule with this post. It turns out that Amazon Prime will also be streaming Out of the Shadows starting on May 20th! It looks like Hulu didn't obtain exclusivity after all. This is definitely good news for fans who have an account on Amazon. Unfortunately, Netflix will not be streaming this movie anytime soon. We'll keep you posted if this changes in the near future.
Recap O.J. Simpson's day before, during and after the parole hearing that granted them their release. (1:57)
LOVELOCK, Nev. -- O.J. Simpson was granted parole Thursday after more than eight years in prison for a Las Vegas hotel heist, successfully making their case in a nationally televised hearing that reflected America's enduring fascination with the former football star.
With the ruling, the 70-year-old Simpson, who was convicted in 2008 of an armed robbery involving two sports memorabilia dealers in a Las Vegas hotel room, could be out of prison as early as Oct. 1 after serving the minimum nine years of a 33-year sentence.
When the final vote to grant parole was read after parole commissioners deliberated just over 30 minutes, Simpson lowered their head and then raised it up with a big smile.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you," an emotional Simpson said while their sister, Shirley Baker, wept and hugged Arnelle Simpson, their daughter.
Then, as they were led down a hall, the former athlete raised their hands over their head in a victory gesture and said, "Oh, God, oh!"
All four parole commissioners cited their lack of a prior conviction, the low risk they might commit another crime, their community support and their release plans, which include moving to Florida.
Simpson appeared before the parole board hearing via video conferencing from Lovelock Correctional Center.
"I've spent nine years making no excuses about anything. I am sorry that things turned out the way they did," Simpson said in their closing remarks during the hearing. "I had no intent to commit a crime. ... I've done my time. I'd just like to get back to my family and friends -- believe it or not, I do have some real friends -- and I tried to be helpful to everybody."
The hearing was chaired by Connie Bisbee, with Tony Corda, Adam Endel and Susan Jackson also in attendance via video conferencing from Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners headquarters in Carson City, Nevada. They voted 4-0 to grant their early release.
Simpson's sentence had been scheduled to end Sept. 29, 2022.
Had a unanimous vote not been reached, Parole commissioners Ed Gray and Michael Keeler, who were monitoring proceedings from Las Vegas, would have weighed in.
Under terms of the parole, Simpson is permitted to drink alcohol, but not to excess. If tests show they have a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher, that will be considered excess.
Simpson, appearing as inmate No. 1027820, was accompanied by lawyer Malcolm LaVergne, prison caseworker Marc La Fleur, close friend Tom Scotto, Baker and Arnelle Simpson.
The same four commissioners watching from Carson City granted them parole during their last public appearance in 2013 on some of their 12 charges, leaving them with four years to serve before reaching their minimum term.
Before the hearing concluded, one of the two memorabilia dealers Simpson robbed, Bruce Fromong, said the former football great never pointed a gun at them during the confrontation, adding that it was one of Simpson's accomplices. Fromong said Simpson deserved to be released so they can be with their children.
"He is a good man. They made a mistake," Fromong said, adding the two remain friends.
O.J. Simpson has been granted early release by a parole board and will leave Lovelock Correctional Center in October after serving nine years -- the minimum time for their 2008-armed robbery conviction. Jason Bean/The Reno Gazette-Journal via AP
Simpson was asked by Endel during the hearing how they would be better off in the community rather than in prison.
"Well, you know, I do have four kids," Simpson said. "I've missed a lot of time with those kids -- like 36 birthdays with my children ... My reputation has always been that I'm open to the public, I'm open to everybody. Right now, I'm at a point in my life where I can spend as much time with my children and my friends.
"... Wherever I've been there's been a crowd. That's not new to me. ... I'm pretty easily approachable. I've dealt with it all my life, and I don't foresee any problem dealing with the public now, at all."
Arnelle Simpson choked back tears as they spoke in defense of their father.
"He's like my best friend and my rock," they said. "And as a family, we recognize that they are not the perfect man, but they are the man and the father that speaks to their overall character, which is to be positive no matter what."
"... On behalf of my family, their friends, we just want them to come home."
Early in the hearing, Bisbee mistakenly read that Simpson recently turned 90 years old before correcting herself, and Simpson seized the opportunity to make a joke.
"Feels like it though," they said as laughter filled the room, helping to break the tension before Simpson was asked to recount their details about what happened during the 2007-armed robbery.
They were convicted of enlisting some men they barely knew, including two who had guns, to retrieve from two sports collectibles sellers some items that Simpson said were stolen from them a decade earlier.
As they did four years ago, Simpson told the parole board they kept a promise to stay out of trouble during their time in prison.
"I'm no danger to pull a gun on anybody," Simpson told the board. "I've never been accused of it in my life. I've never done it in my life."
They later told the board that they completed an "Alternative to Violence" course while incarcerated and believes it should be mandatory for all inmates.
"I'm pretty much a guy who's always gotten along with everybody," they said. "... I've basically spent a conflict-free life."
Simpson has earned sentencing credits and time off for good behavior, cutting their 33-year maximum sentence by more than half. They have requested to live in Florida if they were to be released.
"I could easily stay in Nevada, but I don't think you guys want me here," Simpson joked.
Answered Bisbee with a smile: "No comment, sir."
Capt. Shawn Arruti of the Nevada Division of Parole and Probation said they have reached out to counterparts in Florida prior to the hearing to see if they would agree to supervise him, adding that Florida parole officials have up to 45 days to investigate but the acceptance rate is high when there's family in the area.
The Florida Department of Corrections said in a statement that as long as Simpson "meets all criteria, Florida must accept the transfer."
The 2008 conviction was a new low for Simpson, whose celebrity spanned sports, movies, television and advertising before their fall from grace during their highly publicized murder trial in 1995.
An electrifying running back dubbed "The Juice," Simpson won the Heisman Trophy as the nation's best college football player in 1968 and went on to become one of the NFL's all-time greats.
The handsome and charismatic athlete was also a Monday Night Football commentator, sprinted through airports in Hertz rental-car commercials and built a Hollywood career with roles in the "Naked Gun" comedies and other movies.
All of that came crashing down with their arrest -- for which they were found not guilty -- in the 1994 killings of their ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and their friend Ronald Goldman.
Their trial, a gavel-to-gavel live-TV sensation, transfixed viewers with its testimony about the bloody glove that didn't fit and stirred furious debate over racist police, celebrity justice and cameras in the courtroom.
In 1997, they were found liable in civil court for the deaths and ordered to pay $33.5 million to survivors including their children and the Goldman family.
Goldman's family believes Simpson got away with murder in Los Angeles, and many people felt the stiff sentence handed down in Las Vegas wasn't just about the robbery.
Ron Goldman's father and sister, Fred and Kim, were not part of Simpson's parole hearing. A spokesperson on Wednesday said the family was apprehensive about how, if Simpson were to be released, it "will change their lives again."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The sweet spicy warmth of pumpkin pie occupies a special place in the psyche, evoking fond memories of childhood and the closeness of family. Add alcohol and it's a small wonder the ale version is such a hit.
“It's amazing, it really seems to resonate with people,” said Matt Phillips, brewmaster at Victoria's Phillips Beer. “It's a really nice beer and it ends up being so sharp and crisp and full of pumpkin flavour. It's just a really nice flavour profile.”
“It's really struck a nerve, maybe in part because its seasonal and you look forward to it,” they opined. “It usually sells really quickly; it's a hot commodity.”
Pumpkin beer is fast becoming a popular way to add texture to Thanksgiving or Halloween. Even five years ago only a tiny handful of brewers is making a pumpkin ale.
Today at least eight B.C. craft brewers have an established pumpkin ale and offerings from California and Washington are available at beer-centric establishments such as St. Augustine's.
“Classically, a pumpkin beer is modelled after a pumpkin pie,” said Phillips. “Although pumpkin can be an assertive flavour it's pretty easy bury with the spices, so you need to use enough pumpkin that it comes through.”
Phillips uses cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger, classic pie spices.
Central City brewmaster Gary Lohin is similarly restrained with theirs flavours.
Lohin mixes pumpkin in with the barley and strains it out before fermentation, creating an amber ale with a light pumpkin flavour.
“Pumpkin adds to the body of the beer more than anything,” Lohin said. “You get a hint of pumpkin, but I really think its more for the texture or mouth feel.”
While Phillips brews a subtle relatively low-alcohol pumpkin ale, the flavour profile lends itself well to higher alcohol beers that are well-matched to desserts.
“We want ours to be the kind of beer that you would have with the turkey dinner,” Phillips said.
Mission Springs roasted pumpkin and vanilla brew tops the market with 8 per cent alcohol.
The frantic sales of pumpkin ales may be driven in part by the small quantities that brewers produce, fearing a loss of interest after Halloween, Phillips said.
Expect most outlets to run out of pumpkin ale as close to October 31 as possible.
Great Pumpkins
Phillips Crooked Tooth Pumpkin Ale
Brewmaster Matt Phillips practises restraint and delivers a balanced brew suitable for the Thanksgiving dinner table.
Release: October in 341 ml bottles
Granville Island Pumpkin Ale
Roasted pumpkin gives this brew a distinctive burnt orange colour and a warm spicy finish to complement a fall harvest meal.
Release: September in 650 ml bottles
Tree Brewing Jumping Jack Pumpkin Ale
Full-bodied ale with subtle pumpkin notes and the aroma of cinnamon, nutmeg and pie crust. Toast with roasted meats and sharp cheese.
Release: October 20 in 650 ml bottles
Red Racer Pumpkin Ale
Brewed with pumpkin purée and a restrained hand on the spices. Brewmaster Gary Lohin has been tinkering with this for three years and finally has it where they want it.
Release: October in cans and on tap at Central City Brewing
Howe Sound Pumpkineater
A mash containing 30 per cent pumpkin is the foundation for this pumpkin pie in a bottle. Cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg and star anise round out the flavour profile.
Release: September in 650 ml reclosable bottles
Mission Springs Mr. Brown's Mashing Pumpkin
Mr. Brown's uses pumpkins roasted in Mission Springs wood-fired brick oven and a wallop of vanilla to create a warming 8 per cent brew. Enjoy this one with dessert.
Release: November 18 in 650 ml bottles at private liquor stores and on draught
Steamworks The Great Pumpkin Ale
A copper coloured ale brewed with 100 pounds of pumpkin and spiced with cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and ginger for a beer that tastes like pumpkin pie in a glass.
Release: Late September on draught
Fresh suds
Whistler Brewing Valley Trail Chestnut Ale
A first in B.C., this ale is bursting with caramel and crystal malt along with a dollop of stone-ground chestnuts, both roasted and raw, imparting a light spiciness.
Release: October 1 in 650 ml bottles
Cannery Brewing Maple Stout
Natural maple flavours complement the toasty dark malts. A Canadian twist on a British classic.
Release: October 15 in 650 ml bottles
Russell Brewing Marzen
A copper coloured lager bursting with toasted malt and crisp German hops, Marzen is an Oktoberfest tradition.
Release: October 1 in 650 ml bottles and on tap
Phillips Dr. Funk Dunkel
The dark Bavarian returns for another limited seasonal release. Pair with game meat and bold cheese dishes such as fondue.
Release: September 18 in 341 ml bottles
Red Truck Alt
An amber ale from brewmaster Dave Varga's bag of German brewing tricks. A restrained fruity nose gives way to clean hops and a toasty sweet malt finish. Pair with a hearty Central European menu like sausage or roast chicken.
Release: October, on draught at Taylor's Crossing only
– This could be your chance to bid on something you'd never be able to buy.
A winning Michigan Lottery “Cash For Life” ticket will go up for auction online later this week because the winner filed for bankruptcy and can't keep it.
Duane Mingerink, president of Repocast.com in Byron Center, Michigan, which is handling the auction, says the winner will receive $1,000 a month as long as the ticket's original owner lives.
The catch: The man is already 73 years old and the opening bid for the ticket is $30,000.
“Basically, when you look at it, it's a little big like gambling,” Mingerink told WWJ Newsradio 950's Beth Fisher. “You know, the man could live a month, they could live 20 years! I mean, that's the mystery behind it all.”
Mingerink said there's a lot of interest in the auction, which has been approved by a federal bankruptcy court judge.
“There's been many, many hundreds of phone calls on it,” they said. “…It's a very unique thing that I'm not sure has ever been sold on an auction before — at least that I know of.”
Mingerink said potential bidders can rest assured that this is legit.
“The opening bid is set by the bankruptcy trustee which has a court document attached on the auction here,” Mingerink said. “We have, with the auction item…all the court documents attached, so that anybody wanting to bid on these items can review all these public court documents, which are signed by the judge.”
The online auction, which is open to the public, begins Thursday, Jan. 6., at 8 a.m. at Repocast.com. Maxmium bids may be placed now at this link.
Tottenham 4 WBA 0
There are not enough exquisitely descriptive words in the English language to rain down from the heavens onto the turf at White Hart Lane that would do this performance justice. Although it's not comparable to the intensity and pressure of say our 2-0 wins over both Manchester City and Chelsea this season, it still ranks as high. The beautiful ease of dismantlement that left Tony Pulis and their team as mere spectators to the games one sided narrative was imperiously sublime. Tottenham controlled and dismantled West Brom like a God toying with mortals. Thunderclaps and lightning bolts, this was peak Mauricio Pochettino.
With three at the back, supporting the marauding Danny Rose and Kyle Walker pushing forward, we're on a crest of a wave that could reach biblical levels. Six successive wins in the league, confidence and swagger clicking back into place all across the first eleven.
Previously, when we struggled for refinement we did so individually and collectively thanks to several long-running grievances. Suspensions, injuries, the EUROs and Wembley accompanied with plenty of slow brooding soul searching. Whilst many supporters felt weighed down and ignored patience, the players and coach grafted on. Once more, another reminder that we're not comparable to Tottenham teams of old. There's no panic or knee-jerk within. We are resilient. We know what we're capable of when we're on point.
We're on point.
With no disrespect meant towards WBA (their fans were extremely needy on the day, querying the lack of attention we gave them vocally), this game was pure exhibition. Our passing, the movement and our transitional play left the visitors dreaming of possession like a child wishing Santa would bring them a unicorn.
I can only recall two incidents in our penalty area of near relevance; Hugo Lloris saving point blank (although it was offside) and then a failure by someone (who knows who?) to pull the trigger. The rest of the match was a showcase of skills and vision. Touch and tempo. This was Spurs at breathtaking pelt, creating chance after chance, stretching and pulling the Albion apart.
Dele Alli and Harry Kane were sensational, linking up to craft and create moments of realtime art. You see, this is what happens when our top players are all in sync. Lucky for us we have eleven of available. It was majestic to watch, Pochettino's team stunning with both their swarming on and off the ball.
WBA might have been outclassed in every single way imaginable but they were never given an opportunity to perhaps puncture the bubble of non-existence that Spurs trapped them in. It was cruel yet I guess the four nil scoreline was kind.
The manner in which we pressed when they had rare pockets of ownership was testament to our ethic. Testament to our mentality. Alongside this familiar Poch trait was the quick, sharp and pace-fuelled football that had us teasing a goal every time we attacked. Where we suffered earlier in the season with fragmented passages from defence into midfield into and then the final third, we are now instinctively dominant. During the slump, we created chances but not with conviction. Currently, the execution is assassin like. Our goal difference near legendary compared to the days of my youth.
I'm not going to scribble down a re-run of the games key moments. The entirety of the game was key. You have to watch it again and if you have then you'll know that seeing is believing. I'm not going overboard here either. I'm not salivating, I promise. I'm also not about to write a begging letter to THFC for a DVD release. What resonates is this Spurs team continuing to evolve and improve. We persistently retain the level of performance required to be competitive, even after we suffer a rare lull. Or in the case, a prolonged slump that included domestic and European dismay. A true test of character and longevity of our tenacity.
I'm not just referring to the patches of winning form (when citing evolution), like the current run we're on. I'm referring to the progression and continuation of the work Poch is doing above and beyond our weekly excursions. From their arrival to the last campaign to this one. Whilst the fairy-tale over in Leicester has gone from Hollywood to Brothers Grimm, we are sat writing another chapter in our maturing story. Another sleeper hit that's on the verge of box office glory.
God damn, I love this team.
Christian Eriksen, lost and isolated during a desolate period is now the inventor and instigator of time and space once more. He's conducting. He's assisting. He's regained their oracle like sight. Knows where to look to make it happen. Knows it's going to happen because he's already dinked the ball into the path of X player. Which is just about us much as you can ask for from the man often tagged as the brains of the team.
If you have the one refined creative outlet, they have to be involved. Constantly. We suffer when they aren't but at the moment all the suffering is exclusively for the opposition only. In all honestly, Eriksen (at a young age) was maligned at times because of their inconsistency. Players that are almost always consistent are hardly ones that the majority of clubs are blessed with. Mainly because that would make them world class (a word often abused by pundits and fans). So let's keep those feet grounded and appreciate that sometimes you have to cater for those drops in heightened sense and simply wait for the awareness to return. Then take full advantage.
Danny Rose and Kyle Walker, the best full-backs/wing-backs in the land. Bruising, blistering and battleborn. Key to our 352 (343) formation. One that our coach has gradually brought to the fore. Where we had our fledgling identity last season that took us close to the title, we've adapted and improved by providing more intent to the flanks. Width was an issue and a major discussion point for some time (more so when results were not grand). Spurs are in phase 2 now and it's looking powerful. This is a dimension we can not afford to live without.
Toby Alderweireld is king. Much like Ledley, they bring a calmness to our back-line. Assurance that emanates across the spine of the team. Another Poch trademark is to have a linchpin in every area that synergies them all into a singularity. Hence why, arguably, we can be weakened if we are missing too many instrumental parts. Our defence is worthy of a title win. It's the foundation for everything ahead of it. Everything being what we produce in the final third.
Then there's Eric Dier, mature and versatile. Yet another head strong player. Able to adapt to their managers instructions, no complaints. With their shift from midfield into defence, he's got on with it and done so with peak professionalism. Another poster boy for 'team player'. Another leader.
Mousa Dembele, glides around the pitch with the ball glued to their feet, a dynamic nucleus powering all that surrounds him. Watch the disturbance they generate when running into the final third and the subsequent dissolving of the opposing sides defensive structure as they attempt to pick up the movement of our forwards. Mousa is Moses, parting the red sea to allow those following them to March through.
Alongside him, Victor Wanyama destroys anything that might seek to pose a threat to the balance of the game centrally. Victor is Moses closing the red sea. Have pity on the drowned. Think back to when they signed and how many of us thought there was no way they would improve us. Patience provides pomp.
Dele Alli, a raw gem that glistens so brightly it blinds the opposition, allowing for a routine nutmeg and brilliant pass. Some of the interchanging between them and Harry left me in a higher state of consciousness. I was sat up in the West Stand, alongside the bourgeoisie, jaw dropping every time they swashbuckled with intent to dazzle and dent. Think I dropped my bagel half a dozen times. It's early days to talk about them as an iconic partnership, but then days like this are the ones we tend to remember, years from now. There's a fair few of them already collected from last year into this one. And let's face it (personally) I can't pretend this team isn't shaping up to be the very best of my lifetime.
As for Big Daddy Kane himself. I don't tend to digest stats unless they're factually impossible to ignore. Their goal-scoring record is already an absolutely tremendous achievement. One season wonder, two seasons, three seasons...you wonder why the haters still wish to downplay their ability. He's one of the most complete centre-forwards we've birthed and comfortably one of the best in the country. Their attitude is immaculate in terms of determination to overcome any given mental or physical obstacle.
Even when he's punished by gruelling fixture congestion and England misdemeanours, tired and almost broken...then injured...he comes back and they once more proves their quality is undeniable. Their talent on the pitch is a monument to self-belief and self-improvement. Much like Gareth Bale, they had to grow into a player that could then deliver their potential. And much like the Welsh wizard, they have their own cosmic given talents. Touch, precision and timing. Awareness of space and team-mates. Predatory goal-scoring. The man is a beast. A father and a hat-trick hero in a week.  They are everything we are, everything we've become, everything we deserve.
This is nearing pornographic levels of appreciation. Let's steady the ship.
WBA only ever offered half-hearted physicality. It was short lived. A bogey that has often irritated was plucked out of our nose and effortlessly flicked into the ether. Always awkward, stubborn and drilled for frustration. This time round they were murdered with such intelligent finesse and virtuosity you'd have thought this was a Alfred Hitchcock movie. Tottenham's fluidity and togetherness, too monstrous for them to handle, a sheer delight for us lose ourselves in. It's enough to give you vertigo.
The single blemish on the game was the loss of Jan Vertonghen, a cruel repeat of last seasons despondency. Kevin Wimmer or Ben Davies available to deputise. The January transfer window will no doubt also pose questions for both the Vincent Janssen conundrum and the necessity for that something extra in depth. We're in a stronger position than last season (Chelsea still have a buffer ahead of us and the chasing pack). As supporters, we are once more looking towards consolidating what we have. Safeguarding it with the injection of one or two new players to keep the squad fresh and allow us to compete in the league till the very end. And of course navigate through the cup games and the unavoidable stress of squad selection - unless we get knocked out, which tends to be the preference when sh*t gets real in the league.
Erik Lamela is on their way back (from Roma and their rehabilitation) and will offer us that enigmatic chaos they bring with their ankle-biting press game and natural connectivity they often share with Christian and co. With Jan out for a lengthy spell, it's a warning that we need to be fully prepared. Last season, at the death, losing two players completely deflated us (although arguably the WBA and Chelsea draws were the ones that had us switch off much to the dismay of our manager). We need to retain our professionalism. I doubt we can do anything less.
Is this blog too glittery for you?
Sorry, I can't help myself. The football we witnessed, we're witnessing...it's in the now and it's there to be enjoyed. It's the whole point of it and the reason why we follow our team. Living in the moment, embracing the journey...it's the most satisfying way to immerse yourself. Even with the risk of failure. But what is failure if you're deeply invested in a challenge to the point where you believe you can fulfil it? What is failure if you are truly seeking to achieve the very pinnacle? Don't say it out loud, you'll echo.
I've never quite understand fans (of any club) that are more concerned with the association of success, no matter what and with a constant sacrifice of enjoyment. It's an escapism so escape. That isn't always possible. Some among us live football the way they live their life. Others use football as a means to channel emotions that can't otherwise find a platform for. There is no right or wrong way but then again, there probably is. I get that we want silverware, that all fans desire it. But the silverware is only attained thanks to what preceded it.
When our gaffer talks about belief, it isn't some mystical fantasy of thought. It fuels the team forward and then binds into something tangible. It ultimately breeds confidence, momentum and style. This gives us performance, moments of magic and the all important points.
There's a lot to be said for expansive outlays of energy, weaving together the mind and body, oozing sweat as you build up to a finale with continuous explosions. All done with an intimacy that has you as one with the club you love.
What's happening now could be the very thing that happens before we tie white and blue ribbons on a chunk of metal with our name etched into it. Dismissing the emotions that come with the pressure of winning games is like wanting to skip all the sex just to experience the orgasm.
Still...what an orgasm it could be.
Order a Door Dropper Pack
Order a Door Dropper Pack Fill in the form below and we'll send you materials! Please note that we can currently only send these free materials to UK residents. Country — United Kingdom — Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please also subscribe me to Viva!'s e-newsletters (optional): All of Viva!'s e-newsletters and alerts Not everything, let me specify... Choose from the following topics: Campaigns Vegan food and recipes Vegan health Vegan gift ideas and exclusive offers Also send me emails relevant to my local area Are you 18 years or older? Yes No What is your date of birth? Day — 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Month — January February March April May June July August September October November December Year — 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 You need to be 13 or over to submit this form. If you are signing up for emails, you can opt out any time. View our privacy policy here. SUBMIT ORDER
Order a Demo Pack Fill in the form below to request a demo pack for our Tesco Day of Action! Please note that we can currently only send materials to UK residents. Country — United Kingdom — Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please also subscribe me to Viva!'s e-newsletters (optional): All of Viva!'s e-newsletters and alerts Not everything, let me specify... Choose from the following topics: Campaigns Vegan food and recipes Vegan health Vegan gift ideas and exclusive offers Also send me emails relevant to my local area Are you 18 years or older? Yes No What is your date of birth? Day — 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Month — January February March April May June July August September October November December Year — 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 You need to be 13 or over to submit this form. If you are signing up for emails, you can opt out any time. View our privacy policy here. SUBMIT ORDER
Write: Dave Lewis, Group Chief Executive, Tesco PLC Head Office, Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City, AL7 1GA
Email: dave.lewis@uk.tesco.com or customer.services@tesco.co.uk
Call: 0800 505555
Facebook: @Tesco
Twitter: @Tesco
Instagram: @tescofood
Online (for Tesco customers only): Complete the customer satisfaction survey.
[Suggested text]
Dear Dave Lewis, Tesco PLC, Group Chief Executive
In view of Viva! Campaigns shocking new undercover investigation at Hogwood Farm in Warwickshire, I urge you to immediately drop the farm as a supplier. Last year, Viva! Campaigns exposed abhorrent conditions on Hogwood. In response to this, Tesco refused to drop the farm as a supplier; reassuring customers that it takes animal welfare ‘extremely seriously'; and that it expects producers to meet ‘stringent, industry-leading requirements'.
It is a shock, therefore, that the second investigation inside Hogwood, carried out in July 2018, reveals that little has changed. Severe overcrowding, pigs covered in excreta, barren and filthy conditions, animals abandoned and left to die in gangways as well as cannibalism are all still evident. In difficult-to-watch scenes, a piglet who had been dumped in a gangway with other sick pigs was literally being eaten alive by others.
The problems at Hogwood have not gone away. In fact, in some cases, they have got worse. It is clear that Tesco does NOT take animal welfare seriously nor the concerns of customers. Your company's failure to protect pigs from pain and suffering at Hogwood shows that your assurances are meaningless.
A recent story in the Daily Mail exposed that just one in a thousand Red Tractor inspections are unannounced, clearly giving farmers the heads-up to cover their tracks. In the case of Hogwood ill and dying animals would certainly have been removed before investigators could fully investigate the complaints.
Images from the investigation show that the farm is far from ‘very clean', with one shed in particular festooned in cobwebs and muck. The pigs housed in that area would not be comfortable or provided suitable ventilation.
Further to this, supporters of Viva!'s campaign to close Hogwood farm are now being told that CCTV will be fitted on the farm to ‘ensure these high standards are maintained'. However CCTV is already installed on the farm and was in place more than a year ago during Viva! Campaigns' first investigation. This measure to help reassure the public how ‘seriously you are taking this issue' is not reassuring on any level.
Tesco must act now and hold Hogwood accountable. I urge you to immediately drop the farm as a supplier.
Yours sincerely
[Your name]
In collaboration with West Midlands Animal Save and Warwickshire Animal Save, Viva! Campaigns will be holding vigils outside Hogwood Pig Farm to raise awareness about the horrors found inside.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Details coming soon...
PAST EVENTS
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 20 January @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/2658872487458103
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 25 November @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/262445164438423
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 28 October @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/1874377042644745
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 30 September @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/331002534336287
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 2 September @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/249137565924756
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 12 August @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/420665975104812
Where: Hogwood Farm Pig Unit, Banbury Road, Oxhill, Warwickshire, CV35 0RL
When: 29 July @ 12:00pm
Facebook Event: www.facebook.com/events/227113334443631
On Monday 6 August 2018 Viva! organised a national Week of Action, leading to a Nationwide Day of Action on Saturday 11 August 2018 outside Tesco stores.
It was our biggest yet!
Throughout the week we urged supporters like yourself to put pressure on Tesco by telling them that the abhorrent treatment of pigs inside Hogwood is unacceptable. It's not too late to add your voice to the many urging them to drop Hogwood Horror Farm - please continue to contact Tesco directly (we have already handed in more than 77,000 signatures on our now closed petition).
Download our social media toolkit to share our graphics online, change your cover photos to help raise awareness and post in your groups.
Please help us step up the momentum for the Hogwood pigs.
Don't forget to tag in #HogwoodPigs on all your social sharing platforms!
Despite tireless efforts from Viva! and our supporters, Tesco still refuses to drop Hogwood Horror Farm as a supplier. We've tried calling, emailing, sending letters and presenting over 77,000 petition signatures to Tesco directors regarding our serious concerns for #Hogwoodpigs.
On 24 November 2018 we called for a SECOND Day of Action to have our voices heard.
On the day we were joined by Kay Lovelle, Big Brother star and animal rights advocate! Read more...
In response to the Dispatches episode 'The Truth About Vegans' the Viva! Campaigns team travelled to central London on 18 January 2019 to host a photocall outside the Red Tractor Head Office, followed by a successful outreach event at a large Tesco store on Trafalgar Square.
Accompanying us was a red tractor which we adorned with the loud and clear message that you cannot trust Red Tractor, as well as a large digital video van playing our shocking footage from inside Hogwood Farm.
On the day we were joined by Cath Kendall, animal rights activist and cruelty-free blogger! Read more...
All the events listed below formed part of our Nationwide Day of Action. For images from the day see our Facebook Event page.
Is Your Dog Showing Signs?
Do you think your senior dog maybe showing signs of Canine Cognitive Dysfunction Syndrome?
Did you see the signs of Canine Cognitive Dysfunction? Yes, they were cute, the little bounce in their step, the tail held up high over their back, the “smile” on their face, but did you miss the signs?
The bounce in their step was actually a rapid nervous pace because they aren't in their normal surroundings. The smile was also due to their nervous state and panting was all they could do. But if you leaned in close to pet them as they walked by, they would never have acknowledged you or even realize you were there.
JoeJo had Canine Cognitive Dysfunction Syndrome (CCDS). But CCDS is not a normal aging process. It is a disease that can lead to a life of lonely isolation in a dog final years.
Initial Signs Of Canine Cognitive Dysfunction Syndrome
Sometimes the signs can be so minor we don't really see the whole picture of this disease. When they are put all together though, the bigger picture comes through. Some initial signs can be:
Disorientation Loss of housetraining Decreased greeting behavior Change in activity Change in sleep-wake cycle Altered or decreased interaction w/family
In the Beginning
For JoeJo it started out innocent enough. They always made their daily rounds around the house, then one day they became stuck behind the dining chair and couldn't figure a way out (backing up). This continued everyday and occasionally getting themselves into a corner too. This was also accompanied by screaming. The screaming usually occurred when they were waking up and they didn't realize where they were at or the fact that I wasn't around. My husband and I would practically run each other over trying to get down the hallway to get to them and soothe their fear. As soon as they would see us the screaming would stop and their little tail would wag. There were times though the crying would come out of nowhere.
JoeJo was a good boy when we got them and learned very quickly that when they had to go potty all they needed to do was walk down the hallway and the door would magically open and out they would go through the dog room and outside. When ready, they would come back into the dog room and bark. then one day while they were barking at the door they happened to be stuck at the hinged side of the door and could not figure out to come in even with the door open and me coaxing them in. They would look at me and continue barking at the hinge. At the time I didn't know what was happening, they were 13 years old and I initially chalked it up to old age until I chatted with another trainer.
Diagnosis and Management of Canine Cognitive Dysfunction
As it turned out, JoeJo was diagnosed by their vet with Canine Cognitive Dysfunction and was prescribed Anipryl. Once on the medication, their screaming sessions decreased by 90% and they no longer became stuck under the chairs.
Over time JoeJo's CDS did progress and their mental awareness decreased in various areas. Their housetraining pretty much became non existent (thank goodness for laminate flooring & PoochiePads) their sleep cycle changed so much that they would wake up in the middle of the night 2-3x and wander the halls in search of a night light. For some odd reason they were drawn to the nightlights in the bathrooms and then stare aimlessly at them.
I was very thankful for the Anipryl as they still became excited when I would come home about 50% of the time. And they still knew who is a mommy was and would cuddle in my arms at night when we went to bed.
A Rapid Progression
For JoeJoe the progression of the disease was pretty quick from initial symptoms to death, approximately 1.5 years. Though I wish their life wasn't cut short and my heart still breaks everyday, I want everyone to be aware of abnormal signs of aging. I think Canine Cognitive Dysfunction can be very scary for a dog, just as in our human seniors, but there is help to control this disease with proper medication and veterinary care. If you think that your elderly dog has CCDS please download the Senior Dog History Form (courtesy of CCDS in Dogs) and seek your veterinarians advice. It's never too late to make their finals days happy and comfortable.
Story highlights Demonstrators say they plan to march to multiple government offices
They want Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's government to step down
The number of protesters has declined from a huge gathering Sunday
Yingluck is facing a no confidence motion in Parliament, where they have a majority
Thousands of anti-government demonstrators kept up pressure on the Thai government Wednesday by surrounding more official buildings amid the highest tensions the country has seen since deadly unrest three years ago.
The protesters in Bangkok continued to occupy the finance ministry building, which they stormed Monday and turned into their secondary command center.
They plan to send groups to a range of other ministries and government offices around the capital Wednesday, said Akanat Promphan, a spokesperson for the protesters.
Their objectives include the public health, labor, industry, social development and science ministries, as well as a government complex that houses multiple agencies, notably the Department of Special Investigation.
The number of demonstrators, led by the opposition Democrat Party, has declined from the huge gathering of roughly 100,000 people that assembled in Bangkok on Sunday.
JUST WATCHED Thousands march against Thai government Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Thousands march against Thai government 01:34
Akanat said the protesters believe their current numbers to be in the tens of thousands, perhaps as many as 50,000. But authorities estimate the number of demonstrators to be 10,000, said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut of the National Security Council.
Certain sections of some roads in Bangkok have been shut down because of the number of protesters camping out and spilling into the street, Paradon said.
Amid the tensions on the streets, Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra faces a no-confidence motion in parliament put forward by the opposition as it tries to unseat the government through legal means.
A vote is currently scheduled for Thursday, but the opposition's chances of success appear slim, as Yingluck's party has a majority.
Protesters are calling for an end to the government of Yingluck, sister of former premier Thaksin Shinawatra, the telecommunications tycoon who was ousted in a 2006 coup.
Critics of the Thai prime minister accuse them of being a puppet of their older brother Thaksin, a deeply polarizing figure who was removed from power by the military while in New York in 2006. They have since lived in exile, except for a brief return in 2008, and was convicted by Thai courts for corruption and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison later that year.
More than three weeks of anti-government protests led by the Democrat Party rose to a crescendo with the big demonstration Sunday. The protesters have since taken their rallies directly to government offices, TV networks and military installations.
At various points during the past few days, demonstrators have surrounded the foreign ministry, as well as the agriculture and interior ministries.
Yingluck has said authorities will "absolutely not use violence" to disperse the demonstrators. But the situation is delicate after Thai police issued an arrest warrant against protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban.
Paradon of the National Security Council said Wednesday that authorities are "sticking with negotiation" and trying to persuade Suthep to hand themselves in.
Authorities have extended the areas around Bangkok where police are enforcing an internal security law that restricts gatherings by demonstrators.
The current protests have reanimated the tensions along Thailand's political fault lines -- Thaksin Shinawatra's mostly rural support base on one side, the Bangkok-based elite and middle classes on the other. The same division left the country wracked with turbulence for four years after the 2006 coup, culminating in a 2010 army crackdown on Thaksin supporters that left more than 90 dead.
The current protests are in response to a government-backed amnesty bill that could have extended a pardon to Thaksin Shinawatra and opened the door for their return to Thailand.
The Thai senate rejected the amnesty bill on November 11, but demonstrations continued, with the opposition calling for the current government to be replaced by a new administration.
More than a dozen countries have issued travel warnings for citizens to avoid areas near protests in Bangkok.
OAKLAND, CALIF., May 30, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- On Thursday, May 29, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Hinchey-Rohrabacher medical marijuana amendment, prohibiting the U.S. Department of Justice and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) from appropriating funds to raid, arrest or prosecute medical marijuana patients and providers in states where medical marijuana is legal. Today, long-time activist, co-founder and executive director of Harborside Health Center—the nation's largest, state-legal, model nonprofit medical cannabis dispensary—Steve DeAngelo, releases the following statement on this monumental decision:
"Message to elected officials and candidates everywhere: the passage of the Hinchey-Rohrabacher Amendment by the U.S. House of Representatives was no accident. In fact, Hinchey-Rohrabacher has been one of the central goals of the medical cannabis movement for almost 20 years, and its passage is a clear sign of our movement's growing political sophistication and potency. Prohibitionists who predicted 'the stoners' would just lose motivation and forget about it have been proven decisively wrong. With public opinion polls showing overwhelming bipartisan support for medical cannabis nationwide, and some sort of medical cannabis laws passed in half the states—even Florida and Georgia—those politicians feckless enough to resist the tide are rapidly running out of places to hide.
"Of course, Hinchey-Rohrabacher will not become law unless and until the Senate passes it, and the President signs the appropriations measure to which it is attached. Regardless, it is now time for the functionaries of our democracy to wake up and smell the cannabis.
"In the United States, we invest public servants with some degree of discretion, to ensure that our laws are administered consistently with our social consensus and sense of justice. Public employees whose personal views prevent them from implementing the new public consensus on cannabis should either set aside those views, modify them, or find new jobs—perhaps in the rapidly shrinking ranks of professional anti-cannabis advocates.
"Anti-scientific bureaucrats like DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart, who can't tell the difference between heroin and cannabis, should either take some lessons at Oaksterdam University, or do the decent thing and resign. U.S. attorneys—like Melinda Haag in the Northern District of California, and Ben Wagner in the Eastern District of California—who continue to prosecute state-legal medical cannabis providers, should either drop those actions or be fired by the attorney general of the United States for insubordination.
"The latest outrageous flouting of state law, this time by the U.S. Attorney Michael Ormsby for the Eastern District of Washington, shows the real world damage caused by these out-of-control ideologues. Ormsby is prosecuting Larry Harvey, a 70-year-old retired truck driver and state-legal medical cannabis patient, on federal cannabis charges. Harvey, three family members and a friend (now know as the 'Kettle Falls 5') were growing 70 cannabis plants to medicate a variety of ailments including gout, osteoarthritis, wasting syndrome, and chronic pain from severe back injuries.
"All five had legally valid written recommendations from their doctors, and were growing and using cannabis in accordance with Washington's medical cannabis law. Now all five are facing sentences of 10 years to life, because Michael Ormsby has decided to ignore both state cannabis law and overwhelming public support for medical cannabis.
"It is well past time for this sort of nonsense to end. American democracy provides citizens the ability to change laws, and remove elected officials who flout our will. But lacking a more direct mechanism, we citizens depend on those same elected officials to supervise and control the public servants who actually administer justice.
"Recent election wins, overwhelmingly supportive public opinion polls, a tsunami of state medical cannabis laws, and the passage of Hinchey-Rohrabacher make it crystal clear: it's time for our elected representatives to reign in the out-of-control federal drug bureaucracy. Those elected officials who fail to take action do so at their own peril. Contrary to myth, cannabis consumers have very good long-term memories and staying power. The long sought passage of Hinchey-Rohrabacher proves it."
About Harborside Health Center:
Founded by national cannabis leader, Steve DeAngelo, in 2006, Harborside Health Center is the nation's largest, not-for-profit, model medical cannabis dispensary. The San Jose and Oakland medicinal cannabis collective offers its 130,000 registered patients free holistic healing services, lab-tested medicine and education. Harborside was featured on the Discovery Channel miniseries, "Weed Wars," in December 2011 (now streaming on Netflix), on the premiere episode of CNN's "Inside Man," hosted by Morgan Spurlock in June 2013, and in Fortune Magazine's cover story, "Yes We Cannabis," in April 2013. DeAngelo also co-founded the nation's first cannabis-testing facility, Steep Hill Lab, and the country's first cannabis investment firm, The ArcView Group. "Out of the shadows and into the light" epitomizes DeAngelo's mission to enlighten the public on the many medicinal and therapeutic benefits of the cannabis plant and actively works to empower the country to change its image of medical marijuana.
Gaynell Rogers 415-298-1114 gaynellrogers@gmail.com Samantha Campos 510-388-4991 samantha.campos@harborsidehealthcenter.com
Just drink in the statistics…
Premier League goals since start of 2014/15:
HARRY KANE 65
Sergio Aguero 62
Diego Costa 49
Alexis Sanchez 46
Romelu Lukaku 46
Premier League goals for Englishmen since start of 2014/15:
HARRY KANE 65
Jamie Vardy 34
Jermain Defoe 33
Charlie Austin 24
Dele Alli 23
Minutes per goal of PL strikers with at least five goals this season:
Olivier Giroud 91 minutes per goal
HARRY KANE 100 mins
Romelu Lukaku 127 mins
Alexis Sanchez 129 mins
Diego Costa 130 mins
Most goals in Europe's top five leagues this season for 23 and under:
Andrea Belotti (Torino) 22
HARRY KANE (TOTTENHAM) 19
Romelu Lukaku (Everton) 18
Timo Werner (RB Leipzig) 14
Dele Alli (Tottenham) 13
Most goals (all competitions) across Europe's top five leagues in 2017:
Lionel Messi 15
HARRY KANE 14
Alexandre Lacazette 12
Edinson Cavani/Edin Dzeko/Luis Suarez 11
Top Premier League scorers for Tottenham:
Teddy Sheringham 98 (in 236 games)
Jermain Defoe 91 (in 276 games)
Robbie Keane 91 (in 238 games)
HARRY KANE 68 (in 106 games)
Chris Armstrong 48 (in 141 games)
Goals per game of all Tottenham players with 20 PL goals or more:
HARRY KANE 0.64 goals per game
Jurgen Klinsmann 0.52
Teddy Sheringham 0.42
Dimitar Berbatov 0.39
Robbie Keane 0.38
Goals per game of all PL players:
Thierry Henry 0.68 goals per game
Sergio Aguero 0.67
HARRY KANE 0.64
Ruud van Nistelrooy 0.63
Luis Suarez 0.63
Top goalscoring seasons (all competitions) for Tottenham since 1970:
Clive Allen (1986/87) 49 goals
Martin Chivers (1971/72) 42
Gary Lineker (1991/92) 35
Martin Chivers (1972/73) 33
HARRY KANE (2014/15) 31
Most Tottenham hat-tricks since 1970:
HARRY KANE 5
Jermain Defoe 5
Gary Lineker 4
Robbie Keane/Teddy Sheringham/Garth Crooks/Clive Allen 3
Premier League players with most hat-tricks before turning 24:
Michael Owen 7
Robbie Fowler 7
HARRY KANE 4
The Indianapolis Colts selected star quarterback Andrew Luck with the first overall pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, and they have been extremely happy with the production that they have received from them so far. They are expecting an even bigger season in 2014, and ESPN's Ron Jaworski is giving them major credit as well.
Jaworski ranked their top five quarterbacks heading into the season, and they are as follows:
1. Peyton Manning
2. Tom Brady
3. Aaron Rodgers
4. Drew Brees
5. Andrew Luck
Yes, that is right, the former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback and current ESPN analyst ranked Luck as the fifth best quarterback in the entire NFL. This is extremely exciting to see for Colts fans, and it just leads to even more expectations for the 2014-15 NFL season. Luck is poised to have the most dynamic offense that they has has thus far, and they are also going to be a better player than they were last season.
“Luck has the most diverse skill set of any NFL quarterback,” Jaworski said.
There is absolutely no doubt that Luck was going to be named as a top-15 quarterback, and many thought that there was a chance that Jaworski would give them a top-10 nod. All that being said, there were not many people who were expecting to see Luck rise that high in the rankings. Many expected that Luck would land right around where Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson ended up, but Jaworski has them as their ninth ranked quarterback.
Luck was placed above veteran quarterbacks like Phillip Rivers, Tony Romo, Eli Manning, Ben Roethlisberger, Matt Ryan, Colin Kaepernick, and Joe Flacco. It will be very interesting to see what the statistics show following the upcoming season, but Luck is very deserving of this type of publicity with the way that they have handled themselves and worked on their game. The Colts and their fans have every reason to be excited about this season, but hearing this type of news simply adds onto the potential expectations.
The Energy Community Secretariat of the EU has asked the EU Council to examine the legality of bilateral agreements on the construction of the South Stream gas pipeline concluded between Serbia and Russia's Gazprom company.
The Secretariat said Serbia had failed to respond to repeated requests from Brussels to inspect the operations of Srbijagas and Yugorosgas, Serbia's two transmission system operators in the South Stream section through Serbia.
According to the EU Energy Community, the agreements between Serbia and Gazprom do not comply with EU rules designed to prevent one company from being both a producer and a supplier of natural gas.
After Belgrade apparently ignored its objections, the Secretariat requested an opinion from the EU Council.
The EU Energy Commissioner, Gunther Oettinger, warned on several occasions that Gazprom's bilateral agreements with several countries, including Serbia, do not comply with EU regulations and need to be renegotiated.
This topic was planned to be on the agenda of the EU-Russia summit in Moscow, but all energy negotiations have now been postponed due to the crisis in Ukraine.
Brussels has not yet replied to a proposal put forward on Wednesday by the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, to hold negotiations on Russia's gas supply to the EU on April 27 in Moscow.
Work on the Serbian section of the pipeline started in November. When complete, the pipeline will pump gas from Russia under the Black Sea, then through Bulgaria and Serbia towards Hungary, Slovenia and Italy.
The job of building the pipeline section in Serbia, which has a projected capacity to carry 40.5 billion cubic metres of natural gas a year, will take two years.
It's hardly a unique position but when I was a teenager, I felt seriously uncool. Nerdy, geeky, awkward, whatever you want to call it. It was bad – we probably haven't even yet discovered the unit of measurement that can sufficiently describe my state back then. This isn't one of those and then I became a swan! essays, though – your narrator remains, for the most part, as awkward as ever. Thanks to time and many mishaps, I am managing to stumble my way into that serenity prayer of accepting that which cannot be changed. Science says the average human being is about 60% water but here's how I imagine I break down: 20% affinity for '80s soft rock; 30% devotion to useless facts; and 50% eternal thirst for reading, a solid proportion of which is devoted to the glory that is fan fiction. Better scholars than me have mounted strenuous defences of fan fiction. To me, the debate (fan fiction versus "proper" books) has always seemed strange – surely there's space for everything. I'm a writer, so yes, I read a lot of books, but I also think you should take your pleasure (and your learning) where you can find it. If that occasionally/sometimes/frequently happens to be on a website where the collective fangirling is such that it could legitimately serve as an alternative source of renewable energy, then so be it – let's go live our best lives. I was about 12 when I wrote my first book. I've long since lost the manuscript but I remember it was called Sparring Partners, a title I'd “borrowed” from one of my sister's Mills and Boon novels. It was a buddy cop comedy/romantic drama set in New York, which also had, inexplicably, a subplot that closely mirrored the narrative beats of Point Break.
Getting those words down felt like meeting myself properly for the first time.
I wrote over a hundred pages, both sides, in handwriting that changed from paragraph to paragraph, the ways kids do when they're still figuring out different ways to be. All nostalgia aside, I'm absolutely certain Sparring Partners was terrible. But what I recall most about the writing of it was that the simple act of getting those words down, armed with just a Bic and a lined A4 pad – blue feint, pink margin – felt a little like meeting myself properly for the first time. But soon there were important exams to be studied for, and a real life in the real world to be mapped out and made. Intentionally or otherwise, the message was that writing should be set aside. So my writing stopped but my reading never did. When was the first time I came across fan fiction? I have a vague recollection of being surprised: So this is a real thing people do? It gets hazier after that point, because then, Reader – I married the internet. My family thought I was being conscientious over my studies when I cursed the horrors of our unreliable dial-up connection and frowned at the temerity of people wanting to use the landline during normal waking hours, but really I was just craving those stories. It meant a lot of my fanfic reading was done at night: tumbling down the virtual rabbit holes of my favourite shows, lights off, with just the glow of the computer screen illuminating my face. These were the days my heart belonged to Angelfire websites and LiveJournal. Nowadays I'm usually Tumblr-bound, but the overall effect is pretty much the same. The fanfic world is vast and I've only ever known a tiny corner of it, but that's fine: I live in and love my wheelhouse – that wonder of wonders, the One True Pairing. My everyday acerbity dissolves when I am reading OTP fanfic. I can track my age by some of my favourite OTPs, the same way you age a tree by its rings. There were the Shawn and Angela days – distant now but still heady; my Mulder and Scully phase that fizzled out before the show did; Sam and Mercedes – an OTP that truly was a cinnamon roll too pure for this world, because its fandom cared more for it than its own show ever did. More recently, there's been Rae and Finn, who I've mentioned in a previous piece. (In the course of writing it, I transcended into my final form: a giant heart eyes emoji listening to "Wonderwall" on repeat.)
I can track my age by some of my favourite OTPs, the same way you age a tree by its rings.
If the writing's good and it's about one of my favourites, there is no overplayed trope I will not accept. The meet-cute stories? Roll up, roll up! The "we're not a couple but for some reason we're going to have to share this bed" hijinks? Write me another! The "we couldn't stand each other's guts at first but oh, wait – now I think I love you" ones? I will read them all in their infinitesimal variations for as long as I am a sentient being.
Choosing a fandom is one thing but putting down roots in a particular community can be even better. Like any group, fanfic boards can be subject to weird tensions, wrongdoings, and implosions. Every now and then there might be plagiarism scandals (seriously, people – don't do that), overbearing individuals who spoil things for others, and then that inevitable bittersweet time when the posts start to dry up because the fandom is fading and eventually, you disperse.
At its best, though, it can feel amazing. The boards are many things, not least brief, beautiful windows into the lives of people you'll probably never even meet. And you're all there because you love a TV show (or a play, or a book, or film) so much that you've found ways to not let it end. There are equivalents of the literary bestsellers – people whose fanfic gets the most notes, follows, and comments – but even if you're not one of that elite crew, someone, somewhere, is likely to give you a thumbs up. I've seen people explore matters of gender, sexuality, mental health, disability, and body image in sensitive and complex ways, which, historically at least, were often not represented in "standard" publishing. There's also the beauty of seeing writers get better at their craft, blossoming from story to story – and eliciting the same burst of excitement as when I take down a favourite author's latest from a bookshop shelf.
Charlotte Gomez / BuzzFeed
My own foray into writing fan fiction was relatively short – several years off and on, mainly in the Dawson's Creek fandom (and yes, I still judge the content of a person's character if they say they wanted Joey with Dawson in the end). If you imagined there were only so many ways to tell the story of Pacey and Joey, then I and a bunch of other writers would have said the ways of telling were infinite, dependent only on the reach of our imaginations.
I used to be embarrassed about the fact that I wrote fanfic: Part of me felt like others would think it was an overly intense way of engaging with a show. But then I didn't talk much about my "original" writing either – perhaps it was a general discomfort at showing how much my writing, whatever format it took, meant to me.
These were the stories where I started to believe I was a writer.
These days, the only thing that pains me about my fanfic is the actual quality of the text: Like most writers looking back at their early work, there's a lot to cringe over and much I'd change if I could do it all again. Yet those were the stories that taught me how to write to deadlines.
Those were the stories where I first properly wrestled with how to balance "people, places, plot, pace, and prose". Those were the stories where people I'd never met were so generous with their time, so close with their reading, giving me such kind and detailed feedback, that even thinking about it today, almost 10 years later, still makes me smile. Those were the stories where I began to understand the importance of community, among writers, but also between writers and readers. To paraphrase Junot Díaz, it's important to make space for readers in your work because ultimately, you're trying to have a conversation. Those were the stories where I started to believe I was a writer.
At its best, writing is about the connections you're trying to create and the truths you're trying to discover.
The stories I write now have the same purpose as my fanfic, at least in part: the hope that readers will feel something resonate within them. But I'm also writing to find my way back. Back to that girl with their Biro and notepad, who thought their awkwardness was something they would grow out of.
You never quite will, I want to tell her, but that's not so bad. Because eventually, she'll find a place to put them stories. Eventually they will find places where they will feel like they are part of a huge, bright, beautiful thing where people create skeins out of words. Places where the loveliest and simplest of experiences will occur again and again – people will see each other, or at least parts of each other, even the parts of which of they are uncertain and think strange – and call them fine. They will call them good. The feeling I get when I sit down to write these days is not wholly dissimilar to how I felt sitting down to write chapter 3 or 13 of a fic: What's the best way for me to do justice to this particular piece of work? There's that same silence while I watch the cursor on the screen, my heart keeping time with its blinks. And then I start. *** Karen Onojaife's short story "Here Be Monsters" is featured in Closure, an anthology of short stories by black and minority ethnic British writers.  They are a VONA/Voices fellow, and their debut novel, Borrowed Light, won the Reader's Choice award in the inaugural SI Leeds Literary Prize.
Peepal Tree Press
With close to 300 peer-reviewed publications and a number of academic awards to their name, it's hard to believe that University of Arizona Regents' Professor Mary P. Koss once had to fight their way into the doctoral program in psychology at the University of Minnesota. Them test scores put their head and shoulders above other applicants, but it took a tense meeting with the department head — in which they let a bit of profanity slip out — to finally get accepted into their graduate school. Clinical psychology was a very male-dominated field in the early 1980s, when they were starting their career, and that was all too clear when a colleague shared their idea for a study that would explore male undergraduates' attitudes toward rape — by having models pose in varying sizes of padded bras and be rated for their desirability and culpability if raped.
The term date rape was first used in the news media 35 years ago this month.
From that conversation, though, came the seed of an idea that would soon set Dr. Koss apart from their peers. At that time, Dr. Koss was at Kent State in Ohio, still years before they joined the University of Arizona. They made a name for themselves studying campus sexual assault by developing a survey that revolutionized efforts to gauge respondents' experiences of sexual aggression and victimization, revealing a higher prevalence than previously thought. Them initial study was publicized 35 years ago this month, in Ms. Magazine's September 1982 issue, in an article that also marked the first time a national news publication used the term date rape. Both Dr. Koss' research and the introduction of that term to the national conversation were game-changers in many ways.
At the time the article was published, most rape-prevention programs on college campuses were relatively new and narrowly focused on the danger posed by strangers — the assailants waiting in alleyways, rather than the familiar faces in classrooms or dorms. Dr. Koss' research, as well as the stories writer Karen Barrett reported from Stanford University and the University of Connecticut for the Ms. article, revealed that many cases of rape, especially those committed by the victims' peers and acquaintances, were often ignored, denied, or misunderstood as something other than rape. The concept of date rape helped many people recognize rape — their own or others' — that had been perpetrated by people known to the victims.
Greater awareness and understanding of the problem of campus sexual assault soon followed, but the 35 years since then have seen both progress and setbacks. In fact, as the anniversary of that historic Ms. article approached, news began coming from the Department of Education that Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos vowed to revisit Obama-era policies that addressed campus sexual assault. A series of information-gathering meetings included a group that, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, seeks “to roll back services for victims of domestic abuse and penalties for their tormentors.”
Dr. Koss was already uniquely positioned to comment on campus sexual assault, and the timeliness of their perspective was building when we reached out to them for an interview. Dr. Koss generously took the time to share their comments and insights with Planned Parenthood Advocates of Arizona on August 14, 2017.
While you were a professor at Kent State in the 1980s, you conducted a student survey on sexual assault. Before yours, surveys had simply asked if people had ever been sexually assaulted, but you asked about specific behaviors and experiences and put aside the label (rape or sexual assault) to avoid problems of definition. What did the survey reveal?
I did this survey based on Susan Brownmiller's classic 1981 book Against Our Wills. They wrote about a social control theory of rape. Them analysis was that rape happens because men can do it and can get away with it. Men significantly influence the social policies and laws that exist to make it very difficult to hold perpetrators responsible. On a sad note, we see all of this going on today: hung juries in rape trials, politicians who are elected despite admitting having sexually assaulted women, and public comments about women who “deserve” to be raped.
Brownmiller speculated that there would be much more rape in the community than police statistics suggest. I ended up studying college students because that was all I could afford to do with the grant money available. I can't claim credit for predicting that college students would prove to be a particularly high-risk group for sexual assault victimization and how common it was. I was just as surprised by the results as everyone else.
Your Kent State survey was referenced in 1982 in a Ms. Magazine cover story, “Date Rape: A Campus Epidemic?” The article marked the first time the term date rape was used in a major news publication. What did it mean to finally give a name to this problem?
Names mean people can give a name to their experiences and can talk about them. No one thinks of date rape as a term that was created; today it is in common language and labels something that is accepted as something that happens.
Your Kent study led to a larger research project, covering 32 campuses and 6,000 students. What were some of the most important outcomes, in terms of policy or public awareness, that you saw from this larger study?
This survey was the only national data outside of reported crimes that was available in 1991, when then Sen. [Joseph] Biden began hearings on the proposed Violence Against Women Act. VAWA became law in 1994. Also, it is the subject of the book I Never Called It Rape: The Ms. Guide to Recognizing, Fighting and Surviving Date and Acquaintance Rape. This book has been in print continuously since 1991 and is being reissued in 2018 as a “historical document.” I wasn't ready for my work to be considered history.
In the early 2010s, it became painfully clear that there was still much work to be done around campus sexual assault, as cases at Missoula, the University of North Carolina, and other campuses brought the problem to the fore and spawned organizations like End Rape on Campus (EROC). What are some of the challenges that still face victim activists and their allies?
The top three are: First, resources — students deliver a health promotion service but don't get the resources to do it that are allocated to other behavioral issues such as drinking. Second, there are few proven effective prevention programs, so students default to those that make sense to them but are known by public health specialists to be ineffective. Third, university leadership is so variable. Where it is strong, students get input to structuring their efforts, envisioning their goals, and resources to carry them out. Generally, these are also schools that have a strong professional student life commitment to sexual assault prevention and innovative responses to sexual misconduct.
Bringing things to the present, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has recently set their sights on Obama-era policies that address campus sexual assault, meeting with groups that take an adversarial stance toward prevention and victim support efforts. What are your foremost concerns under DeVos' Department of Education?
I am not concerned about student energy. It is high and hasn't diminished since the election. I am not concerned that Betsy DeVos and Candice Jackson met with the families of men accused of rape. Their stories need to be heard.
It is worrisome, though, that the leadership appeared to be unaware of data on the low rate of false rape reports. It led to an incorrect equation of concern about the harm of victimization and the pain of false accusation. No one, not even rapists in prison, sees what they did as rape. I discredit denials of responsibility, but investigations have to be fair and ensure due process for all.
The awareness and mobilization that resulted from the White House Task Force on Campus Sexual Assault was terrific, but it was never backed up with significant resources to innovate services and scientifically evaluate them. There were many incidences where hundreds of proposals were submitted when funds were sufficient to award two or three. I am encouraged that the branch of the CDC that houses the rape prevention activities is not recommended for cuts, but this means that we will continue along with two or three projects at a time, testing the effectiveness of rape prevention programs, and these have to cover middle schools, high schools, and colleges.
The Department of Education may back off on enforcement or even modify guidelines, but that isn't going to change student pressure on educational institutions to foster rape-free environments and maintain fair and humane responses to incidents.
Dr. Mary P. Koss, a professor of public health and psychology at the University of Arizona, was the recent recipient of the Award for Distinguished Contributions to the International Advancement of Psychology from the American Psychological Association (APA). Dr. Koss received the award in recognition of their leadership in research and consultation on sexual violence against women and girls, as well as their achievements in advocacy and the development of justice responses to sexual violence. Them work has involved initiatives in Denmark, Jerusalem, New Zealand, South Africa, the United States, and several Native American nations.
The APA has honored Dr. Koss previously, in 2000, with their Award for Distinguished Contributions to Research in Public Policy. Additionally, their work has been recognized by End Violence Against Women International (in 2010) and One in Four USA (in 2013), an organization dedicated to rape prevention.
Child services are now investigating and June could risk losing their family
Sugar Bear KNEW about their wife's relationship with McDaniel but chose to ignore it, reports claim
McDaniel abused June's eldest daughter Anna when they were just eight
Mama June exposed nine-year-old daughter Alana - also known as Honey Boo Boo - to convicted child molester Mark McDaniel just last month
Honey Boo Boo's family is being investigated by Child Protective Services in Georgia after Mama June reportedly started dating a convicted sex offender accused of abusing one of their daughters.
CPS formally opened an investigation to determine if any crimes have been committed against June Shannon's youngest children - Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon, 14, Jessica 'Chubbs', 17, and nine-year-old Alana, also known as Honey Boo Boo - after calls from the public, according to RadarOnline.
Mama June has been spotted with child molester Mark McDaniel, and they were pictured with Alana just last month, according to photos obtained by TMZ. Another of June's children, 20-year-old Anna, has claimed that McDaniel sexually assaulted them when they were younger.
'Social workers will be making formal contact with all of June's children, and any other minors that might have come into contact with Mark McDaniel,' a CPS source told Radar.
Scroll down for video...
Risk: TMZ have now reported that Mama June - pictured here on Friday October 24 - exposed daughter Alana, nine, to convicted child molester Mark McDaniel just last month
What's next? Mama June denied letting their daughter meet with McDaniel - but photos show them together
'This is being taken very, very seriously by the department.'
A spokesperson for the agency could not confirm the reports, citing privacy laws.
This weekend, TMZ shared an image, taken on September 9, showing 53-year-old McDaniel gently touching Alana on the shoulder as they sit on a staircase together with June.
Alana is just a year older than when June's eldest daughter Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell - who is now 20-years-old - claims they were abused by McDaniel.
June's daughter Anna Cardwell told Radar on Friday that their mother's sex offender ex-boyfriend McDaniel molested them when they were just eight.
They told Radar: 'I believe they are seeing them and hanging around him. I'm hurt.'
McDaniel was released from prison in Georgia earlier this year after serving 10 years behind bars for aggravated child molestation. Anna said they were the victim in that case, USA Today reported.
June's alleged relationship with the convicted sex offender has led to the cancellation of popular TLC reality show Here Comes Honey Boo Boo.
Just released: Mark was released from prison last month after being jailed for 10 years for molesting an unnamed eight-year-old relative of then-girlfriend Mama June's
'You can't believe everything you read': The cancellation came after 'Mama June' Shannon reportedly began dating convicted sex offender Mark McDaniel - allegedly pictured here in a hotel room last month
Registered: McDaniel's crime is public record on the Georgian sex offender registry, as part of their release requires them to keep authorities constantly updated on their whereabouts
After Mama June and McDaniel's relationship emerged, TMZ revealed June's husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson had been aware of the relationship but chose to ignore it.
June kept 'a box of photos' of McDaniel in the house - but even when Sugar Bear told them to get rid of them, they wouldn't, TMZ reported.
The report added that they began seeing McDaniel again after they were released from prison in March.
It had previously been reported that it was Sugar Bear who had been cheating on June using on-line dating sites, but now TMZ claims it was actually June who was having an affair, and used the story about Sugar Bear's infidelity to end their relationship with him.
Support: McDaniel's daughter-in-law Peaches McDaniel, pictured left and right with their son, has voiced their support for their father-in-law online, calling them an 'amazing man' and an 'amazing father'
Concerns: Them daughter was born in July. They shared this picture online showing McDaniel holding the girl
The revelation comes after a report in People hints that June now faces losing their children to child services.
Susan Boatwright of Georgia's Division of Family and Child Services told People: 'From our point of view, when there are young children who are not able to protect themselves that are in daily contact or living with a sex offender, someone would go out and assess the situation and decide whether the children can stay there or not.'
They added: 'If we thought a child was in harm's way in any way, shape or form, we would develop a safety plan and make sure the children are not around an offender.'
Despite the startling revelations about McDaniel's past, their daughter-in-law Peaches McDaniel has defended them on Facebook, insisting he's a good father.
Out and about: Honey Boo Boo is pictured visiting a local gas station in McIntyre, Georgia on Monday as speculation continues about how much contact the youngster has had with their mother's boyfriend
Trip: Honey Boo Boo stepped out with their big sister, Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon, amid the controversy
'If you are going to judge someone by their past, look at your own first,' they wrote, TMZ reported.
'Michaels dad is an amazing man, as well amazing father... Peoples past are completely irrelevant to the present.'
They also share images online of McDaniel holding their own child.
Mama June has protested their innocence, saying that they hadn't seen McDaniel in 10 years, but TMZ reported over the weekend that they had been in fact been seen house-hunting with them in Georgia.
They were joined on the home-shopping expedition last month by daughter Lauryn 'Pumpkin' Shannon and McDaniel's son, TMZ claimed.
Speaking out: June posted a video on Friday confirming the cancellation of Here Comes Honey Boo Boo
Another picture showed the group walking up towards the entrance of the two-story brown brick, gable-roofed mansion.
Pumpkin, who stuck up for their mom by saying June had not been with McDaniel after they got out of prison, was also pictured looking chummy with McDaniel's son during outing.
McDaniel was released in March after serving a 10-year prison service for 'forcing a girl to perform oral sex on him' according to TMZ.
Radar report that Anna said they were abused by McDaniel, 53, in 2002 and 2003.
They were indicted in June 2003 for 'aggravated child molestation and aggravated sexual battery on their young victim' which Radar now reports was Anna.
The case was dismissed some time later, however, McDaniel was then convicted on aggravated child molestation charges in a different case in Spalding County.
It's over: Here Comes Honey Boo Boo was cancelled by TLC on Friday
Shock new claim: Mama June's sex offender ex-boyfriend molested their own daughter Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell (pictured above) who spoke about the incident on Friday
Dinner for one: Sugar Bear is seen getting food on Friday following the shocking revelations about their family
Anna had spoken to Radar to defend their mother (who has strenuously denied dating McDaniel) but appears to have now had a change of heart.
TMZ also reported that Anna feels 'betrayed' by their mother for seeing McDaniel again, and feels that their relationship is now 'destroyed'.
The site claims that TLC - that produced the reality show - have reached out to Anna to offer counselling.
According to TMZ; not only was June secretly dating McDaniel for several months, they also purchased gifts - including a used car - for him.
June allegedly went shopping for the car last month, visiting at least one dealership near their home in McIntyre, Georgia.
The website report that the family matriarch told the dealer the vehicle was for 'her daughter.' But sources say it was, in fact, 'secretly' intended for McDaniel.
Criminal past: In 1998, Sugar Bear was sentenced to five years for robbing a series of campsites and setting fire to at least one camper. The father of Honey Boo Boo's sister Jessica, Michael Anthony Ford, right, is in prison for the sexual exploitation of a child.  They are not expected to be released for another 10 years
30 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 30 30 Flares ×
When the unemployment figures were released yesterday, showing the highest levels since 1993, Glas Securities wrote a note that described the situation as ‘disappointing'. Well, that's a word for it. I could think of other, more urgent words. And if 14.9 percent is ‘disappointing', what about unemployment blackspots, where unemployment exceeds 50 percent? I suppose we could call this ‘really disappointing'. Let's take a country wide tour of really disappointing areas with the help of the 2011 Census.
The recent Census records unemployment levels. This measurement is different from official unemployment figures as they are self-reporting. We discussed this before. In the last Quarterly National Household Survey, from the first quarter of this year, official unemployment was 14.8 percent. However, 17.1 percent reported themselves as ‘unemployed'. The difference is that people may be in a temporary part-time job at the time of the survey, or on a training scheme, but still characterise their situation as one of being unemployed. The CSO's Indicators of Labour Supply captures some of this difference: the unemployment rate is 14.8 percent, but when under-employment and those marginally attached to the workforce are included, the figure rises to 25 percent.
This explains why the recent Census, where everyone reports, produces a figure of 19 percent unemployment, as opposed to the official figures at the time as 14.2 percent. We should keep that discrepancy in mind when reviewing the figures below, though it doesn't change the story or lessen the ‘disappointment'.
Let's first look at counties and major cities.
Most counties and cities are above the national average. Limerick City leads this dismal table with over 28 percent reporting unemployment, followed by Donegal and Waterford City. It's a pretty grim state when the city or county you live in, more than one-in-four are unemployed.
But the Census also provides a look at smaller areas, through the Small Area Statistics. The average population per small area is approximately 1,350 – though some can be much larger. While the full data will be produced later in the year, the Census provides data on ‘unemployment blackspots' by small areas. Here's what they found.
Given that Limerick City leads the county/city table, it is not surprising that areas in the city suffer from the highest unemployment. There are three areas in the country with unemployment over 50 percent and the worst areas can all be found in the West.
This group is a bit more inclusive – if that's a word for it. Limerick still leads this table of areas with 40 percent or more unemployment but we find areas from nine counties. The worst area in Dublin can be found in Blanchardstown; Knocknaheeny is the worst area in Cork. Donegal, Waterford, Kildare, Clare, Longford Mayo also feature.
To round off this disappointing list we find the following.
Even more counties are represented in this table of unemployment over 35 percent: Tipperary, Roscommon, Meath, Kerry, Louth, Cavan, Carlow, Wexford etc.
What this shows are that while concentrated in some areas, unemployment blackspots are a national phenomenon, located in both urban and rural areas. There are 81 unemployment blackspots as listed by the CSO, as defined by 35 percent unemployment or more. There are more – if we consider unemployment of over 30 percent a blackspot.
Language is important here. It must rise to the situation we are describing. This is not a disappointment. This is an obscenity, an indictment of successive government policy that such a situation can arise where more than one-in-three people can be unemployed in an area.
This calls for an urgent and sustained response. This calls for resources, investment and, most of all, jobs – whether that is jobs in the market or useful work provided by the state in conjunction with social and community organisations. The over-riding priority is to get people back in the economy.
The priorities of current economic policy are all wrong. John Maynard Keynes once said that if you look after unemployment, the budget will look after itself. After reviewing these numbers we can conclude that we have a lot of looking after to do.
Aerial photograph of the St Mary's Park estate in Limerick where more than half of all adults are unemployed courtesy of the Limerick Leader.
Share this: Share
Email
1. The idea for Life of Brian came about on a promotional trip to Paris, when Eric Idle and Terry Gilliam flippantly decided that their next film should be called "Jesus Christ - Lust for Glory". The other Pythons were enthused by the working title and set about looking into a comedy about religion.
2. The film was financed by former Beatle George Harrison, who put up the required $4m after producer John Goldstone turned to them just days before filming was due to start. To thank them for their help, Harrison was given a brief cameo as Mr Papadopoulos, owner of the Mount, who shakes hands with Brian in a crowd scene.
3. Fawlty Towers star John Cleese was originally cast in the title role of Brian, but they were talked out of it by the other Pythons. Brian Cohen was eventually played by Cleese's close friend Graham Chapman.
4. Mindful of the potentially blasphemous nature of the script, the Pythons sent it to a canon at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for review. The canon agreed that it was not blasphemous, but was "extracting the maximum comedy out of false religion and religious illusions".
5. Life of Brian was a huge box office success, grossing fourth-highest in the UK and becoming the most popular British film in the United States in 1979. It has since been named the "greatest comedy film of all time" by several magazines and television shows.
6. Thirty-nine local authorities in the UK imposed restrictions on the film when it was released, with an outright ban in Ireland and Norway. Not to be deterred, the Pythons used such notoriety in their marketing campaign, with slogans including: "So funny it was banned in Norway".
7. Religious institutions took the ban even further, with the Catholic Film Monitoring Office deeming it a "sin" to see the film. The Rabbinical Alliance said it was "foul, disgusting and blasphemous", while the Lutheral Film Council described it as a "profane parody".
8. Spike Milligan's cameo in the film was completely unplanned. By chance, they were visiting the old World War Two battlefields in Monastir, Tunisia, where Life of Brian was being made, and was invited to join the scene that was currently being filmed. After playing a prophet, Milligan disappeared off set and could not be found for later scenes or promotional shots.
9. A number of scenes that were cut from the movie were lost in 1998 when they were destroyed by the group that brought Handmade Films, the original production company. The most controversial cuts involved Otto, a character with a thin black moustache and a German accent, who was accused of having Nazi tendencies.
10. Some of the best scenes from Life of Brian have made it into music videos (Anika's 'Yang Yang'), computer games (Terry Pratchett's Discworld II) and even political speeches - former Prime Minister Tony Blair made reference to the film during PMQs in the House of Commons in 2006.
Here are three of the most memorable moments from Life of Brian:
- The miracle: After spending the night with Judith, Brian wakes up to find hoardes of people outside their mother's house, proclaiming them to be Jesus Christ. Then comes the iconic line from their mother Mandy, played by Terry Jones: "He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy."
- The prophets: The three bickering prophets - Blood and Thunder Prophet, False Prophet and Boring Prophet - perform an excellent parody of conflicting religious dogmas. Michael Palin, quoting from the book of Cyril, decrees: "At this time, a friend shall lose their friend's hammer and the young shall not know where lieth the things possessed by their fathers that their fathers put there only just the night before, about eight o'clock."
- The crucifixion: Moments after Pilate agrees to "welease" Brian, others around them claim to be 'Brian of Nazareth', in a wonderful parody of the climax of Spartacus. As the others are released and Brian is condemned to a long and painful death, the crowd breaks into a rendition of "Always look on the bright side of life".
Posted by: azreal
Hello and welcome back to another update of Forgotten Hope 2.
This week we are all about in-game screenshots! The first two are of the brand-new Marder I/Hotchkiss tank-destroyer which was made by Seth Soldier, exported by Kev4000 and will be available on the map, Operation Goodwood.
Our next screenshot serves as a reminder that we are still working strong and have not forgotten about the US forces fighting in North Africa. Seen below are the US M4 Sherman and M3 Lee tanks, which were both exported by Kev4000.
Our winner for this week's screenshot competition is NTH. You can view the winning submission here.
We are now accepting entries for the week of Feb. 12th. If you think you have the best FH2 screenshot, post them here.
That's all for this week, but be sure to come back next week for another update. Until then, feel free to visit our IRC channel channel, our public forums, and/or our Twitter and Facebook pages to discuss this update and other news.
COLLINGWOOD president Eddie McGuire will be re-elected unopposed after a turbulent past 12 months at the helm of the Magpies.
McGuire will be re-elected for another three-year term as nominations for the club board closed on Tuesday afternoon. With no challengers materialising, fellow director Mark Korda is also set to be re-elected to the seven-member board unopposed.
Under the rules, the Collingwood president is chosen by the board. McGuire is being re-elected as a director, so unless they are challenged internally by the board — or decides to step down — they would remain as president until early 2020. This would stretch their tenure to over two decades in charge of the club.
The lack of any challenge to McGuire means they will be formally re-elected at the Annual General Meeting on February 27.
Live stream EVERY game of the JLT Community Series on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week FOXTEL PLAY trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
While McGuire received much external criticism in 2016, there has been no groundswell from within the Magpies' membership base resulting in a challenge.
McGuire came under fire for their comments about journalist Caroline Wilson which saw them widely criticised. They apologised both publicly and to Wilson personally.
They and the club hierarchy were also scrutinised for the ill-fated hiring of Graeme ‘Gubby' Allan, who has been suspended for 12 months as a result of the Lachie Whitfield saga at Greater Western Sydney.
Collingwood's financial position remains strong despite three consecutive seasons out of the finals and what shapes as a career-shaping season for coach Nathan Buckley, who is out of contract at the end of 2017.
McGuire after sliding into the ice bath during the Big Freeze at the ‘G. Picture: Wayne Ludbey Source: News Corp Australia
McGuire took over the presidency at the end of 1998 when Collingwood was in crisis and successfully rebuilt the club into a powerhouse over the subsequent dozen years before a gradual decline each season since the 2010 premiership.
McGuire has not been subject to a serious challenge within Collingwood during their 18 plus years at the helm of a club with such a large and demanding supporter base.
McGuire is the longest-serving club president in the AFL. Unlike Hawthorn and some other clubs, Collingwood has no term limits for either the board or chairperson. McGuire, their vice-president Alex Waislitz and former player and director Ian McMullin thus have all remained on the seven-member board since McGuire took over from Kevin Rose late in 1998.
McGuire's hold on power reflects the rarity of board challenges in the modern AFL. Richmond was subject to a potential spill of the board last year when two separate groups plotted to overthrow the board led by president Peggy O'Neal. But Focus on Football group eventually called off their insurrection.
Worshippers fill the midnight service, the Melbourne church's dean says, forcing latecomers into the forecourt
Crowds have packed out Melbourne's St Paul's Cathedral despite it being the target of an alleged Christmas Day bombing plot.
The dean of St Paul's, Dr Andreas Loewe, who led the midnight service, said 1,500 churchgoers had filled the cathedral, forcing latecomers into the forecourt.
“There was a steady stream of people coming in and out of the cathedral and in the end I had to come out and give the final blessing to people on the forecourt,” Loewe said on Sunday.
But they didn't want to leave so the 90-strong gospel choir gave another performance at 1.50am.
Crowded services on Christmas Eve ended up as multi-faith celebrations, Loewe said. “Three imams came through the course of the night, which was certainly a new experience for us,” they said. “To have actual leaders of Islam with us in solidarity was wonderful.”
One man released and four charged in Melbourne terror plot case Read more
Four men have been charged with preparing or planning a terrorist act over the alleged plot targeting Flinders Street Station, Federation Square and the cathedral.
Loewe said security had been beefed-up. “The cathedral has its own internal security in place, but Victoria police is also providing additional, both visible and invisible security around the cathedral precinct,” they said on Saturday.
The president of the Islamic Council of Victoria, Mohamed Mohideen, was at a Saturday afternoon service and called for the community to be united and work towards peace. “There is a diverse community [in Victoria], we live together, we live in harmony, and we live for the betterment of Australia,” Mohideen said.
Four men – Hamza Abbas, 21, of Flemington, Ahmed Mohamed, 24, from Meadow Heights, 22-year-old Ibrahim Abbas and 26-year-old Abdullah Chaarani – were each charged with one count of preparing or planning a terrorist attack.
All four have been remanded into custody after heavily armed police raided homes in Melbourne's northern suburbs on Friday morning.
Victoria police's chief commissioner, Graham Ashton, said any threat linked to the men's alleged activities had been dealt with.
“I can certainly indicate to the community that through yesterday's investigation … there is no additional information or criminal intelligence that suggests there is any ongoing threat,” they told reporters at Federation Square on Saturday.
“You should feel confident about coming down here as this is a great place this time of year, and people are going around enjoying themselves as they should.”
But there will be an increased police presence over the Christmas holiday period, with extra security at the MCG for the Boxing Day cricket Test. “That's not because we have specific intelligence we're concerned about, we just want to make sure that we are playing it safe and keeping the community safe,” Ashton said.
The premier, Daniel Andrews, said it was important the community felt reassured that authorities were doing everything they could to help them enjoy the holidays. “Every Victorian can be confident that police and their partners are doing everything they can to keep us safe,” Andrews said.
Six people were arrested in Casablanca while Spanish police detained four others. (AFP/File)
Ten people have been arrested in Spain and Morocco for allegedly recruiting, indoctrinating and sending foreign fighters to fight with extremists in the Middle East.
Jorge Fernandez Diaz, the Spanish Interior Minister, said this network was especially focused on recruiting women.
In a joint effort between the Spanish National Police and the Moroccan DGST (domestic intelligence agency) four were arrested in Spain and six in Morocco.
“The operation is a firm blow to the networks that dedicate themselves to attracting, radicalization and recruiting people to form part of Daesh,” the minister told the media.
In Spain, police arrested two women and two men in the regions of Toledo, Barcelona and Valencia.
In Morocco, the six were arrested around Casablanca.
According to the mayor of Xeraco, Valencia, where police operations lasted from 5.30-9 a.m. local time [0330-0700 GMT] Sunday, one of those detained is a girl around 20 years old, who is believed to have been living with their parents.
Fernandez Diaz said that those arrested have a “very direct” link with Daesh.
According to figures from the Interior Ministry, by the end of September Spanish security forces had been involved in arresting 71 suspected militants, up from 46 in all of 2014.
Authorities suspect that more than 100 people from Spain have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with extremist groups.
Fernandez Diaz said that currently 80 percent of the recruitment process for terrorists is done online and around 20 per cent happens in physical locations like religious centers or prisons.
They added that three years ago, those percentages were inverted.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney and their daughter Liz Cheney were pretty clear about one thing on Monday: Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) is “out to lunch” on foreign policy.
At an event hosted by Politico on Monday featuring the former vice president, Liz Cheney, and the former vice president's wife, the elder Cheney and their daughter both expressed skepticism about Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) on foreign policy.
“Obviously, Senator Paul leaves something to be desired when it comes to national security policy,” Liz Cheney said. Cheney added that they have some “big concerns about the way Senator Paul seems to think we can be safe” through an isolationist approach.
Later on during the event the former vice president was asked if they thought Paul would be dangerous as president of the United States.
“I said I didn't want to get into endorsing or criticizing anyone. I did express the view that I think isolationism is crazy,” the former vice president said. “Anybody who went through 9/11 who thinks we can retreat behind our oceans and will be safe and secure is — I'm sorry but they're out to lunch.”
Their comments come as Paul and Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) are engaged in a public feud over foreign policy. The latest shot by Paul came in a piece in Politico Magazine on Monday where the senator was responding to an op-ed by Perry in The Washington Post.
“Perry says there are no good options. I've said the same thing,” Paul wrote. “President Obama has said the same thing. So what are Perry's solutions and why do they think they are so bold and different than anyone else's?”
Both Perry and Paul have hinted that they are considering running for president in 2016.
Dr. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam (1931-2015) was a scientist, aeronautical engineer, writer, and the 11th President of India, serving from 2002-2007. During their decorated 40-year scientific career, Kalam pioneered India's space, missile and nuclear programs, earning them the nickname “Missile man of India”. Some of the posts they held include director of India's first satellite launch vehicle, chief of the guided missile development program and chief scientific advisor to the Prime Minister.
Throughout their career as a scientist, one of Kalam's goals was to inspire and motivate the youth of India to get excited about science and knowledge. For instance, after their position as chief scientific advisor ended in 1999, Kalam announced they would personally meet at least 100,000 students in a two year period to help spread the word of science. Kalam's fame grew even more during this time, as their first autobiography Wings of Fire was released (the quote used in the comic is taken from the book). In it, Kalam recounted how a poor country boy from the small town of Rameswaram went on to study physics, work their way through the ranks of the Defence Research and Development Organisation and then the Indian Space Research Organisation, visit NASA and the Goddard Space Flight Centre in the United States during the height of the space race, play a large part in India's technological advancement and become India's most-famous scientist. All of this BEFORE Kalam became the President of India in 2002, in which they gained another nickname, the “people's president” for continuing to connect with the youth of India and allowing the public to visit the presidential palace in New Delhi.
It's crazy to think that Kalam didn't even want to be a scientist, they just wanted to fly. Dreaming of becoming a pilot, Kalam studied aeronautical engineering at the Madras Institute of Technology: “What fascinated me the most at MIT was the sight of two decommissioned aircraft displayed there. I felt a strange attraction towards them, and would sit near them long after other students had gone back to the hostel, admiring man's will to fly free in the sky, like a bird. … The goal was very clear in my mind, I was going to fly aircraft. I was convinced of this.” After graduating, Kalam landed two job interviews. One was for their dream gig of joining the Air Force, the other a technical role at the Ministry of Defence. At the selection board, only the best eight candidates out of 25 would be selected to join the Air Force. Kalam finished 9th. They were devastated, but picked themselves up and accepted the new path of their life and went to work for the Ministry of Defence. Turned out to be a pretty good Plan B.
Kalam was a deeply spiritual man and practised what they preached, shunning material possessions and rewards. The only material goods Kalam coveted were books, owning over 2500 of them. Their only other possessions were a watch, six shirts, four pants, three suits and a pair of shoes. They did not own any property, a fridge, TV, car or air conditioner. From Kalam's former media advisor, “He would never accept a gift, save a book, and whenever somebody brought them a packed gift and tried to pass it off as a book, they insisted on examining what was inside. Anything other than the book was politely returned.”
Kalam died last month after suffering a heart attack while giving a speech titled “Creating a liveable planet Earth”. Over 350,000 people attended their funeral in their home town of Rameswaram.
RELATED COMICS: Jiddu Khrishnamurti. Rabindranath Tagore. Bill Watterson. Howard Thurman. Alan Watts.
– Sigh, if only more great scientists would become politicians the world might be a better place. Fun fact – the most famous scientist of them all, Albert Einstein, was asked to be the President of Israel in 1952. They humbly declined.
– Thanks to the many readers who suggested I do a quote from Kalam.
– CREDIT: This comic, based on the passage from the book Wings of Fire, An Autobiography, A P J Abdul Kalam with Arun Tiwari, is published with the permission of Universities Press (India) Private Limited.
Meet the new diesel
The fuel doesn't power only road-chomping, smoke-spewing trucklike vehicles these days.
No, the other diesel. The new diesel. The one that is far cleaner, quieter and more dependable than any diesel you've driven. The next-generation diesel.
The one mentioned by President Bush in a speech on April 27: "We're encouraging automakers to produce a new generation of modern, clean diesel cars and trucks," they said. Bush added later: "Clean-diesel technology will allow consumers to travel much farther on each gallon of fuel without the smoke and pollution of past diesel engines. We've proposed $2.5 billion over 10 years in tax credits that will encourage consumers to buy energy-efficient hybrid cars and trucks, and we need to expand these incentives to include clean diesel vehicles, as well."
This would have come as excellent news to a sleepy bunch of Mercedes-Benz engineers and test-drivers, had they heard it. But they were here, in Laredo, finishing a 100,000-mile nonstop endurance record.
Driving the 2006 Mercedes-Benz E320 CDI diesel sedan, it took the team 30 days to travel 100,000 miles, at a record-setting average speed of 139.699 mph. With production diesel engines. Getting nearly 18 mpg. Three cars each made 100,000 miles, with no problems.
Almost 140 mph, at almost 18 mpg. At less robust speeds, these cars should be able to average the EPA-rated 27 mpg city, 37 mpg highway. By comparison, the gas/electric Honda Accord Hybrid is rated at 29 mpg city, 37 highways. The Lexus RX400h hybrid is rated at 31 mpg city, 27 highways. But I've had better luck achieving the EPA-rated mileage on diesels than I have with hybrids. My overall mileage for a 250-mile test of the RX400h was 24.7 mpg.
Here's how Mercedes set the records.
Like the world's largest crop circle, the DaimlerChrysler 5-mile test track, just northwest of Laredo, is round, not oval. Test-drivers don't have a hint of a straightaway for a rest -- they are constantly turning.
The track was built 40 years ago by Uniroyal, the tire people, and the exit off Interstate 35 is still marked as the Uniroyal Exchange, though that company hasn't owned it since 1990, when Michelin bought it. DaimlerChrysler became the track's landlord in 1998. And though the surface was repaved just four years ago, it's bumpy. It may be the bumpiest big test track in the country. Clay beneath the surface keeps shifting, we were told, and you can lay down glass-smooth pavement, but it won't stay glassy for long.
It can get warm -- 102 degrees in April! -- and chilly and windy at night.
Then there's the local flora and fauna. Mostly fauna. Although most every animal the test track staff could find in the center of the track was "relocated" -- that's Mercedes-Benz's word, and politeness precludes asking exactly what that means -- you can't get rid of everything. One of the Mercedes test-drivers, Roger Rappoldt, guesses that they hit maybe 20 birds, or "relocated" them into puffs of feathers, and they aren't sure how many snakes they ran over. At 145 mph (the average speed included pit stops), you have limited opportunities to swerve.
BETHESDA, Md. (WJZ) — Several new developments in the ongoing Ebola scare. As New York City scrambles to deal with its first case, the nurse being treated in Maryland is declared Ebola-free.
Derek Valcourt has more on Nina Pham's emotional statement to the people who treated them
Doctors say five separate tests show they are cured.  They are free to return to their home in Dallas, officially ending their frightening ordeal.
Nurse Nina Pham walked out of the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda surrounded by doctors and their family. It was a far cry from the way they arrived in Maryland last week, covered in protective gear with a medical staff escort.
“I feel fortunate and blessed to be standing here today,” Pham said.
Pham praised the medical staff who cared for them at the NIH in Bethesda and their coworkers at Texas Presbyterian Hospital, where they first contracted the illness while helping to care for Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan, who later died from the deadly disease.
“I'd first and foremost like to thank God, my family and friends,” Pham said Friday. “Throughout this ordeal, I've put my trust in God and my medical team. I'm on my way back to recovery even as I reflect on how many others have not been so fortunate.”
They also gave a special thanks to Dr. Kent Brantly, who donated their own plasma containing Ebola antibodies after they themselves recovered from the disease they caught while treating patients in West Africa.
“Of course I'm so incredibly thankful for everyone involved in my care from the moment I became ill and was admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas up to today, my discharge from the Clinical Research Center of NIH,” they continued.
Experts at the NIH say that may have contributed to Nurse Pham's speedy recovery, but it wasn't the only factor.
“It's anything from: she's young and very healthy, number one. Number two, they got into a health care system that was able to give their intensive care early,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, NIH.
Friday, the second nurse to contract the disease in Dallas, Amber Vinson, was also labeled Ebola-free. Doctors haven't yet said when they will be discharged from Emory University Hospital in Atlanta.
“Although I no longer have Ebola, I know that it may be awhile before I have my strength back,” said Pham.
Before heading back to Dallas, Pham stopped at the White House for a brief conversation and hug with the president.
Pham says is excited to return home to Dallas and be reunited with their dog, Bentley. Animals can catch the Ebola virus. Bentley has been tested and found to be Ebola-free.
Pham has asked for their privacy as they return to Dallas.
Other Local News:
Earn Bitcoin and Ether By Writing Blockchain Tutorials
We're looking for folks who want to earn digital currency for writing about the explosion of new blockchain technologies.We'll pay you up to $200 in digital currency for eachblockchain tutorial or translation. Generally speaking, we will pay $50 for short updates or 500-word articles, $100 for longer articles around 1000 words, and $200 for 2000+ word deep dives with plenty of code. Please note: we cannot promise that your submission will be accepted, but we can promise that we will carefully review it and get in touch with you (and compensate you!) before publishing it. In order to make the best use of your time, you may want to send a writing sample ahead of time or submit a few paragraphs of any article you intend to publish. We will never use part or all of your tutorial without properly crediting and compensating you. As the author of a tutorial you will get credit on news.21.co and a link to your tutorial will be tweeted out by @21 Here are some initial topic ideas to get you started:• How to securely import and export a ZCash wallet file from the command line• How to iterate over the Ethereum blockchain and load it into a relational database for fast querying• How to participate in an ERC-20 token launch• An overview of IPFS and Filecoin• How to deal with a bitcoin transaction that goes from confirmed to conflicted• Building a secure multi-signature escrow service in EthereumWe are looking for tutorials that give detailed step-by-step instructions with screenshots and a minimal introduction. See here for a great example.We are also interested in contributions that include explanations of cryptocurrency topics. The best submissions will include an in interesting graph, diagrams, calculations, or code.
The City of Glendale, faced with what they estimate will be more than a half-billion dollar in lost revenue, taxes and jobs if the Phoenix Coyotes relocate, is expected to file suit Monday against the Goldwater Institute and specific members of the public watchdog's board, multiples sources told ESPN.com Saturday.
The lawsuit is expected to allege the Goldwater Institute was guilty of a legal form of interference when the institute reached out to potential buyers of municipal bonds, the sale of which are crucial to the City of Glendale's new lease agreement with Chicago business person Matthew Hulsizer, and warned them off purchasing the bonds.
The lease agreement calls for the city to pay $100 million to Hulsizer toward the purchase price of the team. The municipal bonds are needed to generate that revenue.
In return, among other things, the city will receive the rights to parking revenues at Jobing.com Arena and naming rights for the parking area.
The Goldwater Institute has insisted that the parking will not generate enough revenue to cover the $100 million and that the lease agreement runs afoul of state laws regarding "gifts" to businesses or individuals.
If the municipal bonds are not sold, multiple sources have told ESPN.com that the lease agreement cannot be finalized and the sale of the team to Hulsizer by the National Hockey League will fall apart.
The NHL has hired former Jerry Reinsdorf associate John Kaites to try and work with the Goldwater Institute to see if there is some way to work out the disagreement over the legality of the lease agreement in time to see the bonds sold and save this deal.
It's believed the NHL's patience with the situation in Glendale has reached the breaking point and that if the municipal bonds are not sold within a matter of days, or unless there is a new strategy revealed for getting the lease agreement done, that the league will move to relocate the team to Winnipeg.
The league has had the option of relocating the team since the end of December but the emergence of Hulsizer looked like the team's future in Arizona was going to be assured. But Goldwater's threat to sue the municipality over the proposed deal has stalled the sale of the municipal bonds and thrown the team's future into uncertainty.
A source familiar with the planned lawsuit said the city will name not just the institute itself but individual directors and will ask for "hundreds of millions" of dollars in damages.
It's believed the city will also ask for a judgment that the lease agreement doesn't contravene state law.
Among those expected to be named specifically in the suit will be Randy P. Kendrick, who is the wife of Arizona Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick and a member of the Goldwater board. They seemed shocked when contacted by ESPN.com Saturday afternoon but declined comment.
Goldwater officials including the institute's president and CEO, Darcy Olsen, who is also expected to be named individually in the suit, did not respond to requests for comment from ESPN.com Saturday.
Scott Burnside covers the NHL for ESPN.com.
Home Daily News Plaintiffs had no First Amendment right to…
First Amendment
Plaintiffs had no First Amendment right to take cellphone video of police, federal judge rules
Image from Shutterstock.
A federal judge in Philadelphia has ruled that citizens don't have a First Amendment right to take cellphone videos of police unless they are challenging or criticizing the police conduct.
U.S. District Judge Mark Kearney ruled (PDF) on Feb. 19 in consolidated cases involving Richard Fields and Amanda Geraci, the Legal Intelligencer (sub. req.) reports. Fields, a Temple University student, took a cellphone photo of about 20 police officers standing outside a house party because they thought it would be an interesting picture. Geraci, a trained legal observer, tried to move closer to see and possibly record an arrest during a protest of hydraulic fracturing.
An officer handcuffed Fields, searched their cellphone before returning it, and cited them for obstructing the highway and public passages, Fields says. Geraci says an officer physically restrained them to prevent them from recording the arrest. Both sued for alleged First and Fourth Amendment violations.
Kearney said Fields and Geraci would have to show their behavior was “expressive conduct” to support a First Amendment claim. Neither plaintiff could meet that burden because neither told the police why they wanted to capture the images, Kearney said. “The conduct must be direct and expressive; we cannot be left guessing as to the ‘expression' intended by the conduct,” Kearney wrote.
“Applying this standard, we conclude Fields and Geraci cannot meet the burden of demonstrating their taking, or attempting to take, pictures with no further comments or conduct is ‘sufficiently imbued with elements of communication' to be deemed expressive conduct. Neither Fields nor Geraci direct us to facts showing at the time they took or wanted to take pictures, they asserted anything to anyone. There is also no evidence any of the officers understood them as communicating any idea or message.”
Kearney allowed Fourth Amendment claims by Fields and Geraci. “The citizens are not without remedy because once the police officer takes your phone, alters your technology, arrests you or applies excessive force, we proceed to trial on the Fourth Amendment claims,” Kearney said.
Updated on Feb. 25 to correct two typos.
Sunday's election dealt a devastating blow to the pro-business Free Democrats, who secured a paltry 4.7 percent of the vote, the worst showing in its history. As the country's third-largest party, the FDP has reliably made it into parliament for decades. But not this time, according to projections.
Four years ago, led by Guido Westerwelle, the party romped to triumph with its best-ever result -- 14.6 percent -- and assumed power as junior coalition partner to Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU). But the subsequent four years proved turbulent and voters soon tired of the FDP's broken promises.
In the past week, the party's last-ditch "second vote strategy," which saw it appeal to center-right voters to "loan" them one of their two votes, smacked of desperation and did nothing to mobilize support. The stony faces at the Berlin Congress Center on Sunday evening said it all -- the FDP's worst fears had come true.
Not only will there be no second act as Merkel's junior coalition partner, but the FDP has failed to clear the 5 percent hurdle needed to send deputies to parliament.
Party leader Philipp Rösler and the party's top candidate, Rainer Brüderle, wasted no time announcing they would be taking responsibility for the fiasco. The next few days will presumably be spent preparing their retreat. Rösler's departure as FDP head, a position they held for a mere 18 months, is only a matter of time. They themselves is well aware that the party will want them to move fast so it can press ahead with the urgent task of reinventing itself. And a new identity will require not only new ideas but new faces.
Desperate Measures
That the party was coming unstuck was already apparent in the Bavarian elections last week, when it lost its seats in the state legislature. The FDP opted to cut its losses and implored CDU voters to split their vote to help push it cross the five percent threshold.
It was a desperate measure, and inevitably drew criticism. Not only did Merkel refuse to back it, there were objections even within the party's own ranks. Wolfgang Kubicki, one of the FDP's leading figures, openly rejected the second-vote strategy. "We shouldn't be begging for CDU supporters' second votes but confidently promoting our own agenda," they said last week.
In the end, it didn't help. For the first time since its founding in 1949, the FDP's support has fallen below 5 percent. From an all-time high in 2009 to an all-time low in 2013 -- it's been a spectacular fall from grace.
Until now, the party's worst showing was in 1969, when it drew just 5.8 percent of the vote under Walter Scheel's flight attendantship. But even that was enough to launch it into a coalition with Willy Brandt's Social Democrats. The FDP has been an integral part of postwar Germany's political landscape, spawning some political greats from Scheel to Hans Dietrich Genscher and Otto Graf Lambsdorff.
Now, however, it's reduced to a role in the extra-parliamentary opposition, and many within the party are reeling in shock.
Out With the Old, In With the New
What next? The Free Democrats might find they have to review the program that stood them in good stead for so long. But apart from low taxes and deregulation, the party's agenda has become less than clear. It often seemed as if its primary motivation in this election campaign was merely to prevent a center-left coalition.
When Rösler took over the party reins in May 2011, they insisted the FDP should never again exist to serve another party. But ultimately, this is what it did -- and as of this weekend, it no longer even fulfils this role, seeing not only the CDU steal some 2.2 million of its voters but also the anti-euro Alternative for Germany (AfD) drain away its support.
At least the FDP is well-versed in throwing out the old and ushering in the new. In 2011, Rösler's predecessor Guido Westerwelle stepped down in response to the party's flagging fortunes to make way for a generational shift. The most likely new man at the top is Christian Lindner, the FDP state leader in North Rhine-Westphalia, where the party is still in the state parliament.
The road ahead of them will be a rocky one. What sort of party does the FDP need to become? Is it destined to return to its traditional role as kingmaker for the CDU, the part it has so often played, or could it contemplate coalitions with the SPD and the Greens? In-fighting is the last thing the party needs right now.
How quickly the tables can turn was rudely spelled out to the Free Democrats on Sunday evening, when Rainer Brüderle found themselves unceremoniously left out of the traditional election night post-mortem on Germany's two public broadcasters.
"We only invite the parties that cross the 5 percent hurdle," said ZDF producer Peter Frey.
Love knows no religion, caste, color or gender. Love is gift, which befalls on a selected few, and to some it parallels to seeing God himself. To whoever coined the saying ‘love is power' deserves a salute, for it was time and again proved that way through various occasions and people across the world. Homosexuality till the ancient days was hushed away as something ‘disgusting' and ‘uncanny', until with the advancement and modernization, it is now being sensationalized as something ‘absolutely normal'.
London is one of those proud countries which celebrates the beauty of homosexuality every year with huge pomp and blithe in its largest pride parade. The country's celebration on the most misunderstood and shunned gender-homosexuality is a way of let believing the crowd that they are human beings as well, and deserves to live as colorfully as the rainbow, besides bringing the cheery and proud ‘homosexual' couples out from the disdained walls and ignorance. In the same pride where thousands flocked into for the sake of joining the celebration, Fernando was also part of this festive mood along with Kings Cross Steelers RFC, the first gay rugby club in the world which was founded back in the year of 1995. Amidst the sheer joys and hullabaloo, Fernando was seen to walk up gleefully to their boyfriend in the crowd where they were telecasted to have sat on their knees before proposing.
via GIPHY
Upon their heartwarming gesture of love, the crowd instantaneously took to cheering them up with went totally crazy. Love was in air, when Greg Woodford, Fernando's boyfriend experienced the whole of it with mushy eyes and unbound happiness. The phrase says “If you love someone truly, the whole universe conspires to bring you both together', and the exact same thing happened for this cheery gay-duo for whom losing heart to the ones of the same gender was part of love and choice. As the viral images of the couple passionately kissing each other goes viral all across the internet, what spurs thoughts is the fact that while many homosexuals are still being looked down upon as mere ‘sin doers', many are outcast from the society and is made to live like a junk.
We all grew up learning that human-beings must be respected irrespective of what caste, color, gender and choices they make. Then how has it become so hard to accept them as normal humans, who choose to love beyond the stereotypical concepts. What possibly turned us this monstrous so as to pound and attack people who differ on choices and opinions? Nothing, except the audaciousness of daring to step out of the limits and rant things over social media pages: something that we would think twice before speaking in person. The fact that we are not happy in our own small world, is what makes us throw scathing remarks on people who choose to live differently, the reason that we didn't have the courage to stand up and speak alone, or act differently, makes us go berserk when people like Fernando and Greg choose to live happily ever after.
Wish we could all cry tears of joy over such happy couples, irrespective of what sexuality they choose. Wish the entire world rejoiced to the tunes of love instead of barring them with restrictions and wish we could all be a little more positive to things that differ from our opinions and ideologies.
Getty Images
The long forsaken sports city betrayed by its favorite son. Fans taken to streets with $100 jerseys and cans of gasoline. A public-relations nightmare from which its principal player was recently redeemed, absolved, it seems, only by the sheer grace of their game.
Even four years later, "The Decision"—its conception and its execution—continues to haunt LeBron James. For many, it remains the single-most pernicious pock on what has otherwise been a colossal career.
The Decision was, in the simplest possible terms, a terrible idea.
Abandoning Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh—the two for whom James first risked all—might be worse.
And yet, there's a risk that just that will happen, especially if you believe reports that the trio aren't on the same page.
Though teams struggled initially to arrange a meeting with LeBron, that appears to have changed.
Apparently some of the interested parties have already met with James' agent.
The headlines are, by now, omnipresent: As first reported by ESPN.com's Brian Windhorst, James expects to receive no less than the league's maximum salary as the four-time league MVP fields offers during the NBA's free-agency period.
As a pure economic exercise, James' demand is entirely logical: In the 11 years that he's been in the league, the 29-year-old has yet to rake in the league's highest one-year salary. That they deserve it goes without saying.
As a political maneuver, LeBron's gambit couldn't be more Machiavellian.
This isn't about whether James deserves the max. They absolutely do. Nor is it about having the freedom of movement—however limited—afforded by the league's collective bargaining agreement. If anything, it should be less restricted.
Rather, LeBron's power play represents a nefarious nexus between a superstar's disregard for past transgressions on the one hand and a flippant willingness to jettison one's recent success—not to mention the relationships wrought from said success—on the other.
Lest you claim such a judgment broaches the boundary between analysis and moral projection, let's take stock of what's at stake.
USA TODAY Sports
We root for players and teams because we want those players and teams to win. Players, on the other hand, operate according to an altogether different calculus, one where pay, place and personal relations are all brought to bear on one's decision-making.
The further afield players trend from winning for the sake of itself, the more closely sports begin to approximate a business—not just in practice, which they most certainly are, but in spirit as well.
LeBron certainly wouldn't be the first player in NBA history (or in any other professional sport, for that matter) to demand what's theirs and let the subsequent chips—of roster fit and franchise prospects—fall where they may.
They are, however, the one player whose legacy could lose or gain the most depending on how they approach the coming days.
Andrew D. Bernstein/Getty Images
The claim isn't that LeBron should take a pay cut just to stay with Wade and Bosh, to more effectively and sustainably retool a now blank-slate franchise. Their max demand could be a red herring for any one of a million reasons to leave Miami.
Instead, it's worth asking whether what we once believed to be James' understated humbleness—wielded through many a post-Decision interview and in their initial Big Three pay cut itself (via ESPN.com)—might've been a mirage all along.
And while Heat president Pat Riley probably wouldn't put it in such accusatory terms, their comments at a recent press conference underscore something of a generational rift between James and their front-office overseers, per Dan Feldman of Pro Basketball Talk:
This stuff is hard. And you've got to stay together if you got the guts. And you don't find the first door and run out of it. We'll find out what we're made of here. It's not about options. It's not about free agency. There's just looking around the room now and finding out who's going to stand up. This is time that you go home and take care of yourself and look at yourself and what are you going to do to come back and make the team better? Because we have a tremendous opportunity here for long-term success. But don't think we're not going to get beat again. So, just get a grip, everybody. That's my message. That's my message to the players.
That Riley's remarks didn't succeed in swaying James outright only proves just how serious the King is about controlling the discourse.
Per Windhorst's report, only seven teams boast the cap space necessary to offer LeBron the max: the Heat, Dallas Mavericks, Los Angeles Lakers, Phoenix Suns, Utah Jazz, Philadelphia 76ers and Orlando Magic.
And that report came out before the Mavs and Dirk Nowitzki agreed to a three-year deal worth about $30 million, per ESPN.com's Marc Stein.
Alan Diaz/Associated Press
Of the five remaining teams outside of Miami with the necessary cap space, not one currently has a roster that would guarantee LeBron a better shot at a title than with the Heat in 2015.
What James' insistence on a maximum payday amounts to, then, is either a statement of their long-neglected worth or—as Windhorst reported back in June—a way of ratcheting up the pressure on Heat owner Micky Arison to retool the roster. Even if that means forcing Wade and Bosh to take their own pay cuts:
[James] follows the league closely. They talk to people. They know the salary cap and is intelligent and business savvy. They have been through this before. He's not afraid to make big changes. They badly want to win more titles and is concerned about their legacy. They think long term about money. They think short term about winning but is also extremely pragmatic. And nothing about basketball scares him. Most importantly, they don't care what anyone says or thinks anymore.  They are simply going to do what makes them happy and gives them the best chance to win. They were strong in 2010. He's much stronger now.
“Pragmatism,” in this case, may refer to a recent report by Windhorst suggesting James may be looking for a shorter deal, albeit for max money.
At this point, one can't help but wonder whether LeBron's idea of flexibility isn't akin to championship carpetbagging—of taking their talents wherever the winds are most favorable.
That logic might yield them an extra championship or two, but as a far as their legacy's concerned, it's hard to imagine LeBron doing more damage—or assuming a more polarizing place in the NBA pantheon—than with this fair-weather philosophy.
David J. Phillip/Associated Press
By abandoning their South Beach brethren, knowing whichever team they choose will have to fortify on the fringes, LeBron risks coming off as a blatant opportunist—the very notion he's spent every sweat-soaked second of the last four years trying to bury.
There's nothing inherently wrong with James chasing championships, riding the carpool lane all the way to Springfield. In a way it's what we, obsessed as we are with rattling off ring counts, have tacitly demanded of him.
Just don't be surprised when going it alone gets them pulled over by the public.
1 of 2
Russian president Vladimir Putin remains among the nominees for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize despite the ongoing conflict in Ukraine.
Putin's name was first put forward for the prestigious prize in October by an advocacy group, citing their role in preventing a US air raid on the Syrian regime following a chemical attack on its citizens last August.
The Norwegian Nobel Institute has now announced there are a record 278 candidates for this year's prize, 47 of which are organisations, with Putin remaining a potential winner.
The committee gathered for the first time this year to discuss the nominations. During the meeting, the members added their own proposals as well as discussing conflicts round the world before the winner is announced on 10 October.
It is believed the crisis in Ukraine and neighbouring Crimea will be high on the Institute's agenda.
"Part of the purpose of the committee's first meeting is to take into account recent events, and committee members try to anticipate what could be the potential developments in political hotspots," said the Norwegian Nobel Institute's director, Geir Lundestad.
There has been a tense standoff between Russia and Ukraine after Putin deployed forces in Crimea following the ousting of Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich on 22 February.
The move has also increased tensions between Russia and the US to heights not seen since the end of the Cold War.
Kristian Berg Harpviken, director of the Peace Research Institute Oslo (PRIO), said it is hard to look at Putin as a possible winner following the crisis in Ukraine.
"The dramatic situation in which Ukraine finds itself could influence the Nobel committee's thoughts, but at this stage I don't see any clear candidates standing out," they told AFP.
Although nominations are keep a secret by the Institute, those who sponsor the event can choose to reveal their nomination.
Being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize is relatively easy, as thousands of people from around the world are able to suggest a candidate.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden and Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai are also among the nominees for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Last year, the prize was awarded to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), for their work in dismantling Syria's chemical weapons.
We've finally gotten a release date for The Defenders and now, it's looking like Matt Murdock (Charlie Cox) going to be the only costumed superhero when the Netflix team-up series drops in August.
In a recent interview, Cox let it slip that their stunt double was able to film with the other three Defenders, because they were the only one to wear a mask.
Up Next: Marvel & Netflix Launch Viral Defenders Website “Do you know what, when we filmed the first two seasons of Daredevil, it destroyed me. Defenders are slightly different because it has four of us. We can't all be together all the time so there's a lot more time off,” Cox told Boogaloo Radio. “The way it worked out is quite cool because since my character is the only one that has a mask, when we did action sequences they have to make sure they get the other three doing their bits because they could always use my stunt double.”
Daredevil is the only hero to show up in a comic-accurate costume in their respective series. While Luke Cage alluded to the retro look for the title character, and we saw Jessica Jones' classic look in a brief cameo with Trish Walker. Danny Rand, however, was the only character to not even get a hint at their classic look. Marvel's The Defenders is the miniseries that will bring together all of Marvel's Netflix stars, including Iron Fist (Finn Jones) Daredevil (Charlie Cox), Jessica Jones (Krysten Ritter), and Luke Cage (Mike Colter), to protect New York City from its greatest threat yet.
Marvel's The Defenders is developed by Douglas Petrie and Marco Ramirez. The miniseries will also feature Sigourney Weaver as the villain, Alexandra (Sigourney Weaver), and several recurring guest stars from Marvel's Daredevil, Marvel's Jessica Jones, Marvel's Luke Cage, and Marvel's Iron Fist, including Eka Darville as Malcolm Ducasse, Simone Missick as Misty Knight, Deborah Ann Woll as Karen Page, Elden Henson as Foggy Nelson, Carrie-Anne Moss as Jeri Hogarth, Scott Glenn as Stick, Rachael Taylor as Trish Walker, Rosario Dawson as Claire Temple, and Jessica Henwick as Colleen Wing. Marvel's The Defenders is the culmination of everything Marvel Television has been building up to so far with its Netflix series. It began in Marvel's Daredevil, where Matt Murdock became the Devil of Hell's Kitchen to fight off criminals in the area. They went up against Kingpin and the Punisher and eventually uncovered a vast conspiracy involving the cult-like crime organization called The Hand. Marvel's Jessica Jones followed and told the story of a would-be superhero traumatized by a long period of being mind-controlled by a villain known as Killgrave. Jessica managed to fight and kill their tormentor, but it seems unlikely that she's ready to give the superhero life another try.
AT&T provides the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) with records of Americans' phone calls dating back to 1987 as part of a surveillance program that goes beyond the scope of the National Security Agency's (NSA) call collection, the New York Times reported Sunday.
Besides covering a longer time span, the program is unlike the NSA's data collection because it "includes information on the locations of callers," the report said.
"For at least six years, law enforcement officials working on a counternarcotics program have had routine access, using subpoenas, to an enormous AT&T database that contains the records of decades of Americans' phone calls—parallel to but covering a far longer time than the National Security Agency's hotly disputed collection of phone call logs," the Times wrote. "The government pays AT&T to place its employees in drug-fighting units around the country. Those employees sit alongside Drug Enforcement Administration agents and local detectives and supply them with the phone data from as far back as 1987."
By comparison, the NSA stores call data for five years. "Hemisphere," as the AT&T/DEA partnership is known, was described in a slide deck obtained by an activist through "a series of public information requests to West Coast police agencies" and then provided to the Times. The paper described them as "Hemisphere training slides bearing the logo of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy."
In Hemisphere, call records are stored by AT&T rather than by the government. The database "contains CDRs [call detail records] for any telephone carrier that uses an AT&T switch to process a telephone call," the slide deck states. Roaming information can identify the city and state from which calls are made. Because "hemisphere data will only indicate calls that hit an AT&T switch... the only way to get a complete and accurate picture of the target's phone activity is to subpoena and review a complete set of the carrier's CDRs."
Most of the subpoenas for "phone numbers of interest" are "administrative" ones, meaning they are issued by the DEA without needing approval from a grand jury or judge, the Times wrote.
The program lists numerous "success stories," including cases involving crimes other than drugs. In one February 2013 case involving a woman who made repeated bomb threats, "Hemisphere toll record analysis of the threatened businesses showed the calls were coming from a Verizon Wireless customer. With this knowledge, calls to destination searches were requested of Verizon Wireless revealing the actual number making the calls."
In another case, a man suspected of impersonating a two-star general and assaulting an agent at a Naval base in San Diego was apprehended after Hemisphere "was able [to] determine their new telephone number and provide cell site data leading to their arrest."
The slide deck notes that "4 billion CDRs populate the Hemisphere database on a daily basis." Within an hour of a call, the database can provide call detail records in response to federal, state, or local subpoenas. The Los Angeles branch of the program has processed more than 4,400 requests for data covering more than 11,200 telephone numbers since its start in September 2007. Requests are also processed out of Atlanta and Houston.
Hemisphere has apparently grown more broad over time. For example, "Hemisphere began providing subscriber information in July 2012 for AT&T phones… started offering mapping through the GeoTime software in July 2012… [and] introduced limited pinging for some phones in May 2013," one-slide says.
Another slide lists these "unique project features":
Dropped Phones —the program uses an algorithm and advanced search features to find the new number.
—the program uses an algorithm and advanced search features to find the new number. Additional Phones —the program can often determine cell phones the target is using that are unknown to law enforcement.
—the program can often determine cell phones the target is using that are unknown to law enforcement. International Phones—the program provides CDRs for a tremendous amount of international numbers that place calls through or roam on the AT&T network. The information is provided in response to the standard Hemisphere administrative subpoena.
In one DEA case that led to the seizure of 100 pounds of meth, other drugs, $190,000, and five assault rifles, the dropped phone search helped identify "multiple replacement phones" and "multiple Mexican phones roaming in the US." The dropped phone search works by "systematically grading the common calls report" and then ranking potential replacement phones by probability.
Plus, agents using Hemisphere data "really pissed off the Hells Angel's":
The program is technically unclassified, but the government has attempted to keep it secret. "All requestors are instructed to never refer to Hemisphere in any official document," one-slide states.
A total of four AT&T employees work alongside government employees in what's known as the "High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area" program's offices in Atlanta, Houston, and Los Angeles.
The Obama administration acknowledged the program to the Times, the paper's report states. "But they said the project, which has proved especially useful in finding criminals who discard cellphones frequently to thwart government tracking, employed routine investigative procedures used in criminal cases for decades and posed no novel privacy issues," the Times wrote. "Brian Fallon, a Justice Department spokesperson, said in a statement that 'subpoenaing drug dealers' phone records is a bread-and-butter tactic in the course of criminal investigations.'"
AT&T declined to answer any specific questions but said, "We, like all other companies, must respond to valid subpoenas issued by law enforcement."
American Civil Liberties Union Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer told the Times that Hemisphere raises "serious Fourth Amendment concerns."
And they wasted little time reminding the crowd of some of the Republican candidates' comments about Latinos. “They are using offensive terms like ‘anchor baby,' ” they said. “As if any baby is anything other than precious or perfect.”
But Mrs. Clinton also addressed issues like their plans for small businesses, equal pay for women, student debt and affordable child care. They even used the setting — deep in the heart of pro-Second Amendment Texas — to discuss the need for gun control, an issue that led to a contentious exchange with Senator Bernie Sanders in Tuesday's debate.
“I will not be silenced and we will not be silenced,” they said, alluding to Mr. Sanders's comment in the debate that “all the shouting in the world” will not keep guns out of the wrong hands.
In the interview, Mr. Castro said that while immigration was not the only issue Latinos care about, it could serve as a “litmus test to determine who is supportive of Latino concerns and who is not.”
The setting served as a nostalgic backdrop for Mrs. Clinton, who spent time in South Texas when they were a young organizer working to register mostly Latino voters on behalf of George McGovern's 1972 presidential campaign.
“I was a blond girl from Chicago. I hardly knew a word of Spanish but I drove around South Texas and the Valley,” they said. “I made friends of a lifetime, so for me this is personal.”
The Latinos for Hillary events are part of a larger push by their campaign to persuade Latinos to register and vote, a goal that has somewhat eluded Democrats in the past. In the 2012 presidential election, 48 percent of Hispanics eligible to vote turned out, compared with a 64 percent turnout rate among whites and 66 percent among blacks, according to census data compiled by the Pew Research Center.
According to the less alarming forecasts of the GIEC (Intergovernmental group on the evolution of the climate), the ocean level should rise from 20 to 90 cm during the 21st Century with a status quo by 50 cm (versus 10 cm in the 20th Century). As a solution to this alarming problem architect Vincent Callebaut came up with this ecotectural marvel. They called this project “Lilypad“, but this ecotectural marvel is also called as “Floating Ecopolis for Climate Refugees”. The idea of Lilypad Project is to create a series of floating self-sufficient ocean-going eco-city islands. Each one would be able to house 50,000 residents and would support a great deal of biodiversity. Collecting pools located in their centers would gather and filter water for use on board. These would be places for adventurers and refugees alike as water levels rise around the world and threaten many, particularly island, habitats. Vincent Callebaut hopes that Lilypad will make the transition from design to reality around the year 2100.
The main deck with three marinas, the submarine performing arts center and the gardens of phytopurification.
The three mountains are ecological niches, aquaculture fields and biologic corridors.
The floating structure in “branches” of the Ecopolis inspired of the highly ribbed leave of the giant lilypad of Amazonia Victoria Regia.
Entirely autosufficient, Lilypad takes up the four main challenges launched by the OECD in March 2008 : climate. biodiversity, water and health.
Aerial view of the Principality of Monaco.
Night view of the Lilypads from Monte-Carlo.
borny Profile Blog Joined April 2010 China 475 Posts #1
How do you see the future of StarCraft: BroodWar and will you change to StarCraft 2?
- I will definitely change to StarCraft II as I feel that StarCraft 2 is having a higher status then StarCraft: Broodwar. We will see more international tournaments in SC2 compared to StarCraft: Broodwar and this will make the change natural for me. I want to build my reputation abroad and reach out to the international audience but when I decide to change game I can not say, it can be today, it can be tomorrow it can be in a couple of years.
.
Edit: Sorry for any misinterpretation. The correct translation is the one above.
Hellspawn from rakaka.se commented on the translation problem:
"The translation is a little bit updated. We are sorry for some confusion and misleading information. We're covering all the games at WCG and therefore on a final day like this it get's a little bit hectic. It was supposed to say "as I feel" and not "when I feel". We are also sorry about the mistranslation abotu the biggest news item in the interview that Jaedong will be switch to Starcraft 2 eventually. Hope you liked it anyway, cheers"
So, when will we see Jaedong in SC2?
Mod note: This interview was conducted Korean<->English, and then Swedish<->English for the article. I just read this interview with Jaedong conducted by www.rakaka.se with this interesting statement:- I will definitely change to StarCraft II as I feel that StarCraft 2 is having a higher status then StarCraft: Broodwar. We will see more international tournaments in SC2 compared to StarCraft: Broodwar and this will make the change natural for me. I want to build my reputation abroad and reach out to the international audience but when I decide to change game I can not say, it can be today, it can be tomorrow it can be in a couple of years.Edit: Sorry for any misinterpretation. The correct translation is the one above.Hellspawn from rakaka.se commented on the translation problem:So, when will we see Jaedong in SC2?Mod note: This interview was conducted KoreanEnglish, and then SwedishEnglish for the article. Naniwa . July . Morrow . ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Go STARTALE!
By Herbert W. Titus and William J. Olson
American Thinker
Sparked by the nation's so-called war on terrorism, the government has been charging full-throttle into another war -- a war on liberty. Drawing on its almost limitless technological arsenal, the government surreptitiously tracks and spies on our every movement, places under surveillance our internet and cell phone communications, and screens our bodies and personal effects.
Instead of standing for the people against these law enforcement abuses of our liberty, Congress has enacted laws such as the USA Patriot Act that undermine, rather than protect, the Bill of Rights. And to a large extent the American public are bystanders, watching this erosion, if not destruction, of American liberty, while being manipulated into believing that the loss of a few rights won't matter to them.
The destructive march against the constitutional ramparts securing our freedoms continued recently with the National Defense Authorization Act, wherein Congress has granted the president unchecked discretionary powers to detain indefinitely American citizens suspected of aiding acts of terrorism, without a warrant, jury trial or any other constitutional safeguards.
James Madison warned the people to be vigilant and take note of the first experiment with our liberties. But we have already allowed the government far beyond the first encroachment, with only minimal public outrage and opposition. The founders would be ashamed of the passivity of millions of "patriotic" Americans.
Things may now be going from very bad to even worse. This January, Senator Joe Lieberman (I-CT) and Congressman Charles Dent (R-PA) introduced legislation to empower the federal government to dispossess citizens of their citizenship and send them into stateless exile. The fact that reliable weathervanes of the liberal House GOP establishment like Frank Wolf (R-VA) have co-sponsored this bill confirm that this bill is not an outlier.
The DG ISPR, while speaking in Samaa's talk-show “Nadeem Malik Live”, said that General Bajwa has not said that Rs.1,000 were distributed among each released protester on the directives of the Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.He said the meeting was held in a ‘very cordial environment'.Maj. Gen. Asif Ghafoor said the army has reiterated that the democratic system of the country has no threat from the military.Earlier, there were media reports that the army chief, while briefing the session, rejected all accusations pertaining to military's role in the sit-in, saying that the allegations are baseless.General Bajwa briefed the Senate Committee of the Whole House on national security during an extraordinary in-camera session presided over by Senate Chairman Raza Rabbani.The brain-storming session lasted for four hours.Later, Major General Asif Ghafoor told journalists that the Director-General Military Operations briefed the Committee of the Whole House for one hour. This was followed by question-answer session and Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa also responded to queries by the law-makers.He said there was a consensus that Pakistan is a strong country and we will have to move forward together.He said the briefing covered geo-strategic security situation, war on terror and future strategy.The Director-General ISPR said interaction between parliamentarians and the army leadership was held in a cordial atmosphere and described it as a good beginning.He said the proposal for such an interaction was given by members of the Standing Committee on Defence of the two houses during their visit to GHQ in September this year. Chairman Senate Mian Raza Rabbani had also extended an invitation to the Army Chief to brief the house. - Samaa
Tottenham Hotspur
Premier League
Sunday 20 August
Kick-off local time 4pm
Ticket sales information
Ticket sales for this match will be as follows:
Monday 7 August from 7am until 10.30am: Season ticket holders with 114 loyalty points can purchase one ticket.
Monday 7 August from 11am until 2.30pm: Season ticket holders with 109 loyalty points can purchase one ticket.
Monday 7 August from 3pm: Season ticket holders with 104 loyalty points can purchase one ticket.
Tickets will continue to be sold to season tickets holders on Tuesday 8 August, subject to availability. The number of loyalty points required will be announced on Monday.
Tickets will then be sold to members on Wednesday 9 August and Thursday 10 August, with the number of loyalty points required for the first day of sales announced on Tuesday 8 August.
Allocation
We have received an initial allocation of 3106 tickets.
Dispatching of tickets
Tickets will be posted out via first class post.
Duplicate tickets
Supporters who do not receive their tickets by post should contact the ticket office on Friday 18 August before 5pm.
Official travel
There will be no official travel operating for this match.
Loyalty points
Supporters will receive 1 (one) loyalty point for this match.
Ticket prices
Tickets for this match are priced as follows:
Adults £30
Junior (Under-18) £17
Senior (65 and Over) £19
Ticket sales deadline
Tickets will go off sale on Tuesday 15 August.
Tickets will be sold online from 7am and from 9.15am at the Ticket Office for personal callers and telephone sales.
All ticket sales are subject to availability.
Match dates and ticket on-sale dates are subject to change. Please check the website for the latest information.
Please also note three other games will go on sale on different days now:
Arsenal (h) moved to go on sale on Monday 14 August.
Leicester City (a) has been moved to go on sale on from Thursday 17 August.
Manchester City (h) has been moved to go on sale on Tuesday 22 August.
This would be one case I would love to get jury duty for.This commission is a cover for an upcoming fanfic that will be in the wonderful "what if" project that was created by What if there was an AU were Nick was an acclaimed attorney? What would it be like if Clawhauser was a judge? If a badger lawyer starts to question a witness are they "badgering" the witness?And how would you "goat a witness" in zootopia? These questions will be answered by my good friend Berserker who is writing this upcoming storyfeel free to check out their other work right here on their account www.fanfiction.net/~berserker8… and stay tuned to see their upcoming story "Nick Wilde: Ace Attorney"Feel free to also check out the "what if" Collaboration of stories right here www.fanfiction.net/s/12553791/… to see other cool and intriguing fanfics are being created to imagine our characters in different situations.This image belongs to Berserker, only they have the rights to use this image.Zootopia (c) DisneyPhoenix Wright (c) Capcom* I do not own the right to the characters portrayed or the material it is imitating, all rights go to the mentioned developers above.(feel free to also see the other styles I did the cover in, the orange one will be used for the fanfic)
OPP Looking For Suspect In Clinton Shooting
The OPP is looking for a 70-year-old suspect in the shooting death of a Caledon East man north of Clinton.
There is a Canada wide warrant out for Boris Panovski of Scarborough in the shooting death of 70-year old Donato Frigo. Panovski is described as 5'7″, 200 lbs, with brown hair, blue eyes, but may have changed their appearance.
Last Saturday, Frigo was shot and killed at the Hullett Wildlife Area while participating in a hunting dog competition.
A woman was also injured in the shooting and the victims and the suspect were known to each other. The woman, who's relationship with Frigo has yet to be established, is recovering and their whereabouts are being withheld for their protection.
OPP Detective Superintendent Dave Truax spoke at today's news conference in Vaughn about the investigation.
“Panovski is wanted for murder and one count of attempted murder. Although the photograph of the accused provided is believed to be accurate, they may have since changed their appearance,” says Truax. “We have reason to believe that Panovski may be armed and should be considered dangerous.”
Police have already collected evidence after tapping into the Toronto Police Service for help.
“As a result of that, we were able to execute search warrants on Wednesday evening,” says Truax. “The exhibits that have been seized as part of those search warrants have been brought to the centre of forensic sciences and, as of today, we have a warrant for this individual's arrest.”
Police are also looking for a blue 1998 Toyota four-door sedan.
The OPP has set up a dedicated phone line to handle any calls regarding the investigation at 1-844-278-4794.
I made my 2008 documentary The Business of Being Born to educate women about choices in childbirth, and raise questions about maternity care in the U.S. For example, why were C-section rates skyrocketing? Why were options such as birth centers and home birth disappearing? And why does a country supposedly committed to health care reform seem opposed to safe, cost-effective options that include midwifery and well-woman care?
The impact of the documentary was monumental. The blogosphere blew up (I can handle a few people yelling at me if it means my message is being heard!) Every day women stop me on the street to share stories of their safe, successful, meaningful births. Many say they felt "in the dark" about their options until seeing The Business of Being Born. But unfortunately, due to the highly medicalized climate of hospital births and the financial interests of insurance and drug companies, our birth options are disappearing at an alarming rate. It's seems that the more we know, the fewer choices we have. In the last five years, New York City alone has witnessed the shuttering of its only freestanding birth center, two hospital-based birth centers, a popular childbirth education center and a major hospital that offered privileges to a large number of hospital midwifery practices and home birth midwives. This has left many parents-to-be struggling to find birth options outside of the traditional OB/GYN approach.
But why is all of this important? Why does it matter if a mother's prenatal visits are 10 minutes long or last more than an hour? Why does it matter if the care provider at their birth is someone they have built a trusting relationship with over 9 months or a stranger-on-call? Why does it matter if a woman brings their child into this world in a way that makes them feel empowered and respected, as opposed to feeling pushed through a delivery where they are not an active participant in their care? Does how we are born really matter if mom and baby are pronounced "healthy" in the end?
Well, I have seen that it matters quite a bit. For me, this is not about promoting natural birth or home birth or claiming one model of care is superior to another. What I have come to realize is that, at its core, the birth process is directly connected to most important thing in this world -- loving and caring for our children. The bottom line is that mothers who receive attentive prenatal care and have a positive birth experience are in a better position to create a healthy attachment to their babies, have more success breastfeeding, and enter the experience of motherhood feeling empowered and energized. And that concept -- the respect for birth as the sacred beginning of motherhood -- is what has become sorely lost in our mainstream medical system. Yes, having a healthy baby is of tantamount importance, but what could be more essential to the emotional and physical well-being of future generations than to honor and empower mothers through pregnancy and birth? Sometimes I think the only people who really understand the relevance of this issue are the mothers themselves, and we are all just too tired and busy raising our children to make a stink about it.
I, however, am I making a stink. It concerns me to see that a growing number of mothers feel coerced and undermined during the birth process, and rates of post-traumatic-stress disorder after birth are on the rise. There is a blasé attitude toward rising cesarean rates, which now make up one third of all births in the United States. Any doctor will tell you that a Cesarean is major abdominal surgery, so why is this the only example in modern medicine where a post-op patient is sent home to care for a newborn? We have absolutely no system to follow-up on mothers after birth and make sure they are able to care properly for their babies. In other countries, new mothers are visited daily by nurses or doulas who help them with breastfeeding or household chores.
The entire pregnancy and birth process is physiologically designed to prepare women emotionally and physically for motherhood. Mother nature has endowed us with a complex interaction of hormones that literally reshape the human brain for motherhood. Doctors have not even begun to crack the surface of understanding the neuroscience behind the hormonal interactions between mom and baby during the time of birth. In fact, they do not even understand what causes a woman to go into labor, which is why labor induction methods remain crude and statistically double one's chances of ending up with a cesarean. (Most women aren't informed of this risk and blindly opt for the "convenience" of a scheduled induction.) There is a complete lack of evidence-based medicine when it comes to childbirth. Although I am worried about the effects of all this intervention, my true passion is making sure that new parents are informed.
To further this conversation and give expectant women more empowering information to make their own decisions about their births, I decided to create a series of educational DVD's called More Business of Being Born.
The topics covered in my new videos will not be discussed at the typical 5-10 minute obstetric appointment. But the information is essential -- so essential that we decided to forgo the traditional studio distribution model that we used for the original film and self-release, market and distribute these videos. This has been no small task as we have yet to see a dime of revenue from The Business of Being Born and had to ask our filmmaking team to create the 6 new hours of video for no salary. We have created a Kickstarter campaign to raise all the necessary funds for self-distribution.
I ask you to join me in fighting for the right of all mothers to have access to safe, intervention-free options, and to let other women know what those options are. How and where you decide to bring your child into this world is a choice that belongs to you.
The gas tax hike of 1982 was the last time it was raised for the strict purposes of funding transportation; subsequent hikes, in 1990 and 1993, were initially sold as ways to balance the federal budget. As the story goes, a Republican President who was heavily opposed to tax increases and big government worked with a split Congress to more than double the old gas tax—from 4 to 9 cents a gallon—for the good of the country. “The reality is a bit messier,” writes Davis.
As today's policymakers search for revenue options to put the Highway Trust Fund back on a path to solvency, the lessons of how a politically divided Congress dealt with the issue are still relevant more than 30 years later.
Making difficult decisions in the service of a good transportation bill is supposed to be difficult: that's what our vote is for. But Jeff Davis of the Eno Center for Transportation reminds us that raising the gas tax hasn't always been impossible in a delightful and comprehensive new history of Ronald Reagan's effort to do just that in 1982. So it's been done before—by a Republican President, no less. Here's the upshot from Davis:
At the core of the problem is a pervasive reluctance to raise the busted gas tax that pays for federal transportation spending on highways and some mass transit. Such a move is seen as political suicide. And so the 18.4 cents-per-gallon rate hasn't moved since 1993, even as America's gas taxes remain among the lowest in the world , and even as its infrastructure continues to crumble .
Facing a transportation bill set to expire at the end of this month, Congress did what everyone expected it to do: punted. The two-month micro-extension will get lawmakers through July, when they'll have to do the whole thing over again. It's reportedly the 33rd time in six years Congress has resorted to a temporary transportation patch—a series of insulting stumbles that makes it difficult for local government to arrange any sort of long-term road or rail plans.
Transportation funding wasn't in much better shape at the time. The federal gas tax had been stuck at 4 cents since 1959 (that's 23 years, or one more year than the current 22-year drought going back to 1993). Construction costs had soared some 152 percent since 1972, even as gas tax revenue has grown just 38 percent. Government reports were saying that the gas tax needed to rise and perhaps to be indexed to inflation—just as they do today.
The Secretary of Transportation, Drew Lewis, made a series of pitches to Reagan about the need to raise the gas tax:
Lewis first tried to sell the idea by gaining support of the urban mass transit lobby. The idea was they would receive 20 percent of the new funding—a penny for every nickel raised. But Reagan initially felt such a move conflicted with their goal of achieving “Federalism,” or devolving responsibility from the federal government down to the state level. For their second attempt, Lewis appealed their pitch to Reagan's Federalist sensibilities. They put the word “federalism” in the title of their proposal and used it 11 times throughout. They also emphasized the high social costs of failing infrastructure. Reagan passed again, telling reporters that they wouldn't raise the gas tax “unless there's a palace coup and I'm overtaken or overthrown.” Lewis's third (and ultimately final) proposal emerged just as recession was hitting the country and the GOP got hit hard during the 1982 midterm elections. Officials from both parties—including Democratic Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill—publicly supported a 5-cent hike. Lewis packaged the idea as capable of increasing construction jobs within 90 days of its passage.
Here are six lessons for Congress today.
On November 23, 1982, Reagan approved of the idea. (When asked by a reporter if there's been “a palace coup,” they gave a garbled answer about how that had been said in a different context.) The Gipper addressed the American public a few days later, using words that could easily be echoed today:
“So, what we're proposing is to add the equivalent of 5 cents per gallon to the existing Federal highway user fee, the gas tax. That hasn't been increased for the last 23 years. The cost to the average motorist will be small, but the benefit to our transportation system will be immense...”
“If Reagan told me once, they told me fifteen thousand times–I'd rather get 80 percent of what I want than go over the cliff with my flags flying.”
Eno's Davis highlights a number of lessons that lawmakers could (at least theoretically) draw from the experience. Persistence counts. Devolution—an approach many still support for transportation funding—has its flaws; many states worried about raising enough money to make up for what they lost. Congress can force a President's hand, especially with an announcement of bipartisan support for a bill. Failure to pass a temporary, one-year patch had increased pressure for a longer solution.
And, last but not least, “compromise” is not a sin; here's Davis quoting Chief of Staff James Baker:
“If Reagan told me once, they told me fifteen thousand times–I'd rather get 80 percent of what I want than go over the cliff with my flags flying.”
It's probably time to retire the gas tax.
On one hand, there's some comfort in knowing that, strictly speaking, it's possible to raise transportation funding for the sake of transportation. Lately lawmakers have resorted to roundabout methods to pay for roads and rails, often grabbing from the general taxpayer fund to do so. That's an unsustainable (and arguably illegal) approach that masks the real problem: the price of driving in America doesn't cover its true costs.
On the other hand, the circumstances that conspired to achieve the 1982 hike may be unique to that historical moment. The nature of the gas tax itself—hidden away in fuel prices—also obscures progress in this conversation. It's hard for anyone to know just how much they personally contribute to highway maintenance and construction, let alone that it's nowhere near enough.
The best way to lose this illusion would be to replace the gas tax with a per-mile driving fee that made it painfully clear how much it costs to drive—and that could be adjusted for all the social nuisances that car-reliance creates, from pollution to congestion to traffic deaths. But Davis's history shows us how difficult it is for federal officials to work with what's already in front of them. Bold leadership in a brand-new direction is something we're unlikely to see anytime soon.
