WE HAVE been suspicious for some time of laws imposing mandatory minimum sentences. Extending prison time for criminals who abuse children may be more justifiable than mandatory minimums for non-violent drug offences, but it seems that lawmakers were not particularly careful when, in the 1990s, they sat down to compose these tougher laws. A case in point: 18 U.S.C. § 2252(b)(2), a provision of the federal criminal code prescribing a 10-20 year prison sentence for anyone violating a child-pornography law who has also been convicted previously under state laws “relating to aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct involving a minor or ward”.
Avondale Lockhart was caught buying child pornography in 2010 and pleaded guilty to the charges. But when their prison sentence was extended from an initial range of 78-97 months to the mandatory minimum of 10 years because they had been convicted years earlier of trying to rape their girlfriend, they cried foul. Their prior conviction did not involve “a minor or a ward”, they said, so it does not trigger the longer sentence.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Well, let's read the law again. The three classes of crimes that count are “aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct involving a minor or ward.” Do the final five words refer just to the third item in the list (“abusive sexual conduct”)? Or do they modify, as Mr Lockhart claims, all three categories of sex crimes? Leaving aside the apparent redundancies among these terms, the niggling grammatical point makes a world of difference. If the qualifier applies only to “abusive sexual conduct”, then Mr Lockhart's attempted rape of an adult counts against them and will buy them a longer sentence. If the qualifier applies to the whole line, it doesn't, since they did not attempt to rape a child.
When the Supreme Court took up the dicey interpretive question in Lockhart v United States on November 3rd, the justices chastised Congress for sloppy prose. “[W]e give them a ‘D' for their drafting of this statute,” Justice Samuel Alito said, generously sparing lawmakers an F. Had Congress wanted to clearly convey Mr Lockhart's meaning, they could have repeated “involving a minor or ward” after each of the three crimes. Or, less clunkily, they could have written something like: “conduct involving a minor or ward that involves aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct.” Likewise, Congress could have limited the modifier to the final crime by using semi-colons, rather than commas, between the items in the series. There were any number of edits to the statute that would have precluded Tuesday's Talmudic disputation at One First Street, NE.
But no such luck: the justices had to do their best to interpret the messy law that Congress passed. Justice Antonin Scalia wrote the book, literally, on so-called “canons” of statutory interpretation that judges turn to when trying to ascertain the meaning of a law. Two commonly used heuristics are at war in Lockhart. The “last antecedent” canon says that a phrase like “involving a minor or ward” should “ordinarily be read as modifying only the noun or phrase that it immediately follows.” Meanwhile, according to the “series-qualifier” canon, the qualifying phrase applies to every item in the series as long as their nouns and verbs are laid out in parallel.
In other words, who knows. In the oral argument, Justice Elena Kagan said, “I showed it to all my clerks and basically said how would you read it. And two came out on one side, and two came out on the other side.” Justice Scalia was similarly ambivalent: ”I have no assurance what the right answer is”, they said to Ann O'Connell, who argued the government's case. There is enough ambiguity in the law, Justice Scalia said, that the “rule of lenity”—a tie-breaker that errs on the side of a lighter sentence when a statute can easily be read in two ways—may point toward a win for Mr Lockhart.
In a series of questions late in the hearing, Justice Scalia and Justice Stephen Breyer used Ms O'Connell as a foil for another episode in their old spat over whether the best way to read a law is by focusing squarely on the text and ignoring congressional intent (Mr Scalia's view) or by considering evidence of what lawmakers had in mind when their staffs drafted and they enacted a law (Mr Breyer's). When an interpretive tangle leaves two readings “at equipoise”, Justice Breyer said, “legislative history helps”. And in a 1998 letter to the House Judiciary Committee, Mr Lockhart's lawyer argued in their brief, the Department of Justice wrote that the point of the law was to enhance the punishments of criminals with “prior state convictions for child molestation” (emphasis added), not for convictions involving sex crimes against adults.
The upshot? Mr Lockhart seems likely to get the vote of a strong majority of the Court, though probably for several different reasons. One hopes the justices' ruling will be more clearly written than the law they are struggling to decipher.
Adelaide says it will not consider a trade for star midfielder Patrick Dangerfield
ADELAIDE will not consider trading star midfielder Patrick Dangerfield, the club's head of football David Noble says.
Since the end of the 2014 season, speculation has increased that Adelaide may consider trading Dangerfield, who qualifies for free agency next year.
“There's no interest in Patrick Dangerfield; he's not on the table, he's not going to be,” Noble said during the first day of the NAB AFL Trade Period.
“I don't know why all the kerfuffle continues to unfold.
“It's a ridiculous suggestion.”
Noble said they were confident Dangerfield, 24, would remain at the club for the long-term.
“You back your system in every time,” they said.
“Those stars are really hard to develop, they're hard to find and you just don't let them go.
“It's just not going to happen.”
Collingwood recruiting manager Derek Hine said their club had spoken to Adelaide about the possibility of snaring Dangerfield but the Crows were quick to dismiss the idea.
Space Station Earth
Mapbox Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 26, 2014
By Eleanor Lutz
I'm a big fan of science fiction and computer games, so I couldn't resist making a space themed map this month. I crammed it full of bright lights and chrome like some of my favorite post-apocalyptic worlds: the Matrix, Battlestar Galactica, and Starcraft.
Link to the fullscreen map
My favorite part about making this map was adding oversized markers for stores, parks, and other points of interest to simulate city lights. I lowered the contrast for landmasses and buildings to highlight the lights and the galaxy ‘ocean'.
I took advantage of TileMill's extensive text customization to change the names of all major cities into space colonies. I also removed all of the water labels, since they distracted from the illusion of floating in space.
To add depth to the map I made custom textures for all road, building, and ocean edges. I used Lost and Taken's free textures to build pseudo-3D edges and steel plates. And just for fun, if you look for our Mapbox DC office you'll find a spaceship :)
I also made fake grid lines by outlining forests and other land types that are normally left hidden.
Paris is probably my favorite city to look at while designing maps. I love all of the large round plazas and intricate buildings all over the city.
I had a lot of fun making this and playing with textures. Explore the fullscreen map and let us know what you think about the finished map!
By Dan Ambrose: Soon to be 38-year-old Juan Manuel Marquez (52-5-1, 38 KO's) has opted for a very safe tune-up bout against super featherweight contender Likar Ramos (24-3, 18 KO's) on July 16th at a still to be determined venue in Mexico. Marquez had been trying to get a fight against former IBF lightweight champion David Diaz. However, Diaz wasn't happy with the money that was being offered to them to take the fight.
Marquez could have then taken on a quality contender but they seemed unwilling to take the risk that they could possibly lose the tune-up bout, which would ruin any chances for Marquez to get a huge money fight against Manny Pacquiao on November 12th. Marquez is already signed on for a fight against Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada. However, since Marquez hadn't fought since beating Michael Katsidis last November in a 9th round stoppage, Marquez wanted to get at least one fight in before they take on Pacquiao.
Marquez wanted a southpaw and has got one with Ramos. But Ramos isn't anything near the level of quality that Pacquiao is, making this fight merely a useless payday for Marquez rather than a fight where they can actually get something from the bout to get them ready for the Pacquiao fight. In the big picture, it probably doesn't matter who Marquez fights. They don't stand a chance against Pacquiao at this point in their career because he's a little too old now and the fight is taking place at welterweight. Marquez already showed that he's painfully slow at welterweight in their loss to Floyd Mayweather Jr. in 2009.
Ramos has basically fought mostly 2nd and 3rd tier opposition their entire six year pro career. They stepped it up a level in beating Ernesto Morales and Angel Granados in 2009. However, in 2010, Ramos was easily beaten by Jorge Solis in a failed attempted to capture the WBA super featherweight interim title. Since then, Ramos has gone back to fighting 3rd tier opposition and has won their last three fights. Ramos is currently ranked number #3 by the WBA in the super featherweight division.
Girls Who Code founder Reshma Saujani rejected Ivanka Trump's invitation to talk about their computer science education initiative and they want the world to understand why.
Collaborating would mean normalizing the "hate and bigotry" they believe the Trump administration represents, Saujani wrote in an op-ed published by The New York Times on Thursday.
According to Saujani, they received a call from Ivanka Trump's office in late January to invite them to meet and discuss a new computer science education initiative for which Saujani's nonprofit Girls Who Code could be a good partner.
Them organization gives free coding classes to grade school and high school girls and is projected to reach 40,000 girls in all 50 U.S. states by the end of this year. Saujani said they were prepared to collaborate with Trump's White House "in the interest of furthering our mission," similar to how they had engaged with the Obama administration.
Related: Girls Who Code founder: Brown girls can do 'white guy things'
Three days later, Trump signed an executive order, the so-called "Muslim travel ban," and Saujani, who is the daughter of refugees expelled from Uganda, changed their mind.
"If I agreed to work with their administration, how could I look these girls in the eye?" they wrote, referring to the young girls who benefit from their nonprofit's work and which include "many young immigrants — including Syrian refugees."
This week, President Trump directed the Education Department to invest a minimum of $200 million in grant funding annually to STEM and computer science education, an effort led by Ivanka Trump. Ivanka Trump met with corporate partners and nonprofits in Detroit; Saujani notes that Girls Who Code was not in attendance.
"I do not believe this initiative — nor any partnership with this White House — can reverse the harm this administration has already done in attempting to legitimize intolerance," wrote Saujani. "Indeed, collaborating with this administration, on any issue, emboldens it only further."
Saujani suggests that Girls Who Code is sending "a more powerful message" to the young girls it works with and to other organizations by taking this stance. They encourage others to also resist "on behalf of our fellow Americans who deserve nothing less than equality." ".... We must draw the line. We must do it here and now," they added.
Related: Ivanka Trump had breakfast with Fed Chair Yellen
The White House's Office of American Innovation did not immediately respond to an email from CNN Tech seeking comment on the op-ed.
It's not the first time that Saujani has spoken out against Ivanka Trump. In May, Saujani sent a pointed tweet to the president's daughter after Ivanka Trump referenced Saujani's success story in their book, "Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules for Success." In the tweet, Saujani said: ".@ivankatrump don't use my story in #WomenWhoWork unless you are going to stop being #complicit #askivanka."
Last month, Saujani and their organization were hit with some criticism of their own for teaming up with embattled startup Uber. The news didn't sit well with those concerned that Uber has yet to prove itself a welcoming place for women after its months-long internal investigation following shocking sexual harassment and sexism claims.
Arthrospira microalgae
Planting oxygen
When resources are limited, you have to work with what you have – especially in the harsh environment of space. Though the International Space Station is regularly restocked by cargo vessels, like today's Dragon, self-sufficient spaceflight in the future will require us to recycle and reuse precious resources like oxygen. An experiment on its way to space will look into doing just that. Breath of fresher air Researchers are studying how photosynthesis – the process by which organisms convert light into energy, producing oxygen as a byproduct – takes place in space. They loaded the microalgae Arthrospira, commonly known as spirulina, into a photobioreactor, a kind of cylinder bathed in light. On the Space Station, carbon dioxide will be transformed by photosynthesis into oxygen and edible biomass such as proteins.
Artemiss reactor Though a routine process on Earth, we must understand how it works in space before we can exploit it. The experiment will run for a month as the amount of oxygen from the algae is accurately measured. The microalgae will be analysed after Dragon returns to Earth next April, looking at the genetic information to build a clearer picture of the effects of weightlessness and radiation on the plant cell. Arthrospira is known to be highly resistant to radiation, but we need to check how well it can stand up to space hazards. This Artemiss pilot project is the first of its kind, and its researchers and engineers hope to follow it up with a longer study that continuously feeds in microalgae.
The project is part of the Micro-Ecological Life Support System Alternative, or Melissa, effort that is developing regenerative technologies for life support.
AstroPlant plant lab Melissa covers many research and education activities, such as the AstroPlant citizen science project, which is collecting data on how plants grow under varying degrees of light. It will soon welcome another technology precursor, Uriniss, which will look into recycling urine to provide nitrogen gas, energy, potential plant nutrients and, of course, water. Because when life in space gives you urine, you make water.
NEW DELHI: In a vindication of sorts for the Right to Education Act, the latest HRD ministry-mandated survey shows a 26 per cent drop in out-of-school children in the country since 2009.According to the latest survey conducted by Indian Market Research Bureau for the ministry, out-of-school (OoS) children have declined to 60.6 lakh — 2.97 per cent of all children in the 6-14 age group — from 81.5 lakh in 2009. In the first survey of 2005, 1.34 crore children were out of school.Interestingly, there were fewer girls (28.9 lakh) out of school than boys (31.6 lakh). In fact, girls have consistently done better than boys in all three surveys. A survey of OoS slum children was done for the first time and it their number was found to be 4.73 lakh.The survey found a continuing drop in the number of OoS children among scheduled castes and Muslims. Among tribal OoS children, the drop was marginal — from 10.69 lakh in 2009 to 10.07 lakh in 2014.Schoolchildren in a Mumbai school. (TOI file photo by Anahita Mukherji)In terms of social classes, the number of SC out-of-school (OoS) children have come down to 19.66 lakh from 23.08 lakh in 2009 and 31.04 lakh in 2005.In the latest survey found there were 15.57 lakh Muslim OoS children, down from 18.75 lakh in 2009 and 22.53 lakh in 2005.While states such as Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Delhi, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal witnessed a decline in the OoS children, in 13 states and Union Territories percentage of such children has increased since 2009.These include Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala, Chhattisgarh, Punjab, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand.What dampens the good work of RTE is that the decline in OoS disabled children has followed a different trajectory. In 2005, 5.82 lakh disabled children were out of school which went up to 9.88 lakh in 2009 and in the latest round has come down to 6 lakh.Sources said it could be due to inclusion of more kinds of mental and physical disabilities in the list so that RTE becomes more inclusive. But there is a general acknowledgement that a lot needs to be done on this front.
Notre Dame begins its football scheduling and bowl arrangement with the ACC this season, and hopes are high the Irish will help the league across the board -- especially when it comes to strength of schedule.
But will the Irish end up helping or hurting? ACC reporters Andrea Adelson and Matt Fortuna debate.
Andrea says: Jury is out on the Irish.
Imagine this scenario playing out: Oct. 18, Doak Campbell Stadium. Notre Dame and Florida State, putting together an instant classic. The Irish have the Seminoles on the ropes, threatening their perch atop the college football rankings.
Adding Notre Dame to the schedule makes Florida State's task of repeating as champs that much more daunting. Matthew Emmons/USA TODAY Sports
These two programs have played their fair share of nail-biters. This one would join the list, after Notre Dame kicks a last-second field goal to take down the defending national champions. The loss ends up ruining Florida State's chances of repeating.
Think having Notre Dame as a quasi-partner would go over well in that nightmare scenario?
Not exactly. And while hypotheticals are generally a meaningless exercise, in this case they cannot be ignored. Because we really have no idea what the addition of Notre Dame will do to the ACC this year. The Irish could help, or just as likely, they could hurt the league.
Florida State is but one example, though it is the most important. The Seminoles are playing a much more difficult schedule than a year ago. Not only do they have a neutral-site game against Oklahoma State, they have to play rival Florida, expected to be improved.
Two difficult nonconference games against power-five opponents is challenging enough. Adding Notre Dame into the mix gives Florida State the toughest nonconference slate in the ACC AND the toughest nonconference slate among the other teams expected to be ranked in the preseason Top 5.
Nobody else has to play two power-five opponents and Notre Dame. Alabama, Oregon, Oklahoma and Auburn play one power-five opponent each. Notre Dame is not on their respective schedules.
Notre Dame is expected to be a preseason Top 25 team, so that means the Irish certainly have the capability of pulling an upset. And the placement of that game on the schedule is not exactly ideal. After a bye, Florida State has to travel to Louisville for a Thursday night game, the toughest two-game stretch on the schedule.
Now, it is well within the realm of possibility that a one-loss Florida State would make it into the playoffs, but nobody even knows how the committee is going to start evaluating candidates. Nothing can be accepted as a given.
Then there is the bowl partnership between Notre Dame and the ACC. Say Florida State is out of the playoff and into the Discover Orange Bowl. Say the Irish and Clemson finish with the same record. Well, the Russell Athletic or Capital One Bowls would be well within their rights to take Notre Dame over Clemson. Can't imagine that would go over very well, either.
There's no doubt the partnership looks good on paper. But there may be a time it backfires.
Matt says: The Irish will be a huge plus.
Notre Dame football's affiliation with the ACC moving forward is far from a one-sided affair. Yes, the Irish do get to expand their schedule after finding a safe (and natural) home for their other sports. And yes, the Irish do gain access to a ton of postseason opportunities that simply did not exist for them when they were entirely independent. But the school and the conference are now friends with benefits, and that means that the ACC receives some perks from this relationship as well.
Notre Dame's partnership with the ACC has already boosted the conference's profile. Matt Cashore/USA TODAY Sports
For one, Notre Dame is a sudden boost to the league's schedule strength. Getting the Irish once every three years on their slates undoubtedly alleviates some of the stress that conference athletic directors are under to fulfill league requirements each year. And, in years in which ACC schools host Notre Dame, the home team is almost guaranteed to sell out its stadium for that contest, along with gaining the priceless exposure that comes with hosting a prime-time, nationally televised contest. (And when Notre Dame comes to town, sure as you're born, the game will be under the lights. The Irish have not played a road matinee since 2011, at Pitt.) On top of that, the opportunities could be there for one fewer road game, if not exactly an extra home one. Look no further than next year's clash with Boston College, scheduled for Nov. 21, 2015 at Boston's Fenway Park. That is an Irish home game, as the program takes one of its games off-site each year as part of the "Shamrock Series." So it is one fewer road trip for the Eagles next year, and it is possible that others in the ACC could find themselves in similar situations in 2017 and beyond. The Irish "hosted" former league member Maryland in Landover for their 2011 Shamrock Series contest game as well.
Let's not overlook what the semi-addition of Notre Dame has already done for the league's exposure, either. As part of Notre Dame's ACC agreement, the Irish can take an ACC team's place in a non-access bowl if their record is better than, equal to or within one win of the ACC team -- or if the Irish are ranked higher. The Irish would share in the revenues of the non-access bowl. And, well, what do you know? The ACC bowl lineup that starts this year -- the same year that the Irish begin their football partnership with the league -- is deeper and better than before, with the Capital One Bowl and New Era Pinstripe Bowl among the league's new 13 postseason partners. Some coincidence.
Sure, Notre Dame could upset an expected national title contender like Florida State this year and potentially ruin the league's chance at reaching the four-team College Football Playoff, but "potentially" is the key word there. The Seminoles have, after all, opened as 24-point favorites over the Irish, so there really shouldn't be much to worry about. And heck, it's not like Notre Dame hasn't beaten FSU when it supposedly mattered before, only to see the Noles crowned as national champions later. (Lest we forget about the '93 Game of the Century.)
And if the Irish were to win in Tallahassee? Well, chances are they would be having a really good season then. Playoff good. Which would mean one less spot in the ACC bowl lineup for them to take from a team with the same or better record. And, perhaps, give the ACC an even stronger presence in the playoff, which is supposed to reward strength of schedule, meaning a 12-1 FSU team with nonconference wins over Oklahoma State and Florida would, theoretically, still have a very strong case.
A case strengthened by Notre Dame.
1 of 14 View Captions
| Tribune File Photo Newfield Exploration Company's construction of a gas and oil separation facility in Monument Butte near Roo | Tribune File Photo Oil pumpers dot the landscape of Newfield Exploration Company's oil fields in Monument Butte near Roosevelt | Tribune File Photo Ralph Walker, an oil truck driver for Flying J, fills up their truck with oil from an oil pumping station in | Tribune File Photo Floorhands work on the platform of 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield Exploration Company's oil | Tribune File Photo A waste water treatment plant owned by Newfield Exploration Company in Monument Butte near Roosevelt, Utah | Tribune File Photo Floorhands work on the platform of 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield Exploration Company's oil | Tribune File Photo Floorhands work on the platform of 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield Exploration Company's oil | Tribune File Photo Floorhands work on the drilling platform of the 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield Explo | Tribune File Photo A waste water treatment plant owned by Newfield Exploration Company in Monument Butte near Roosevelt, Utah | Tribune File Photo Oil pumpers dot the landscape of Newfield Exploration Company's oil fields in Monument Butte near Roosevelt | Tribune File Photo Jonathan Varelman mans the controls on a super single oil rig's drilling platform in the Newfield Explorat | Tribune File Photo Floorhands work on a super single oil rig's drilling platform in the Newfield Exploration Company's oil fie | Tribune File Photo Jerahmia Hardman works on the drilling platform of the 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield Explo | Tribune File Photo Tanner Booker works on the drilling platform of the 68 Pioneer Rig, a telescoping rig, in Newfield E
I recently spent a week with one hundred fellow scientists at a retreat center in rural Massachusetts. The meeting attracted a diverse group: physicists, neuroscientists, psychologists, clinicians, and a philosopher or two; all devoted to the study of the human mind. In many respects it was like any other scientific retreat: we gathered each day in a large hall; we took long walks in the snow; we ate communally. At this meeting, however, six days passed before anyone uttered a word.
Our silence was not a sign of scientific controversy or of the breakdown of social relations. We were on a silent meditation retreat at the Insight Meditation Society, engaged in a Buddhist practice known as vipassana (the Pali word for 'seeing clearly'). Techniques like vipassana have been practiced by Buddhist contemplatives for millennia, and there is now a growing body of scientific research to suggest that they can promote mental and physical wellbeing. According to the teachings of Buddhism, meditation produces profound insights into the nature of human subjectivity; insights that can have a direct a bearing upon a person's ethical life and level of happiness. The retreat at IMS, which was co-sponsored by the Mind and Life Institute, represents the first time a large group of scientists has sought to personally test such claims.
The initial instruction given on a vipassana retreat could not be more simple: when seated, pay attention to the sensation of breathing; when walking, notice the feeling of moving your feet; and whenever you find that your mind has wandered into thought, simply come back to the mere awareness of sensation. Once meditators have developed an ability to concentrate on the flow of physical sensations in this way, they are encouraged to pay attention to the entire range of their experience. The practice from then on is to be precisely aware, moment by moment, of the full tumult of consciousness and its contents: sights, sounds, sensations, thoughts, intentions, and emotions. Of critical importance for the purposes of science: there are no unjustified beliefs or metaphysics that need be adopted at all.
Many of the scientists found the experience grueling. Some said it was the hardest week of their lives. Indeed, many had not known that they would be consigned to total silence for the first six days of the retreat, and asked not to read, or to write, or to make eye-contact with the other retreatants. One neuroscientist reported that on the second day of the retreat they hit "a wall of grief," in the face of which even the most trivial memories -- of drinking a cup of tea, of shaving their face -- precipitated profound feelings of sadness, simply because they testified to the inexorable passage of time. It is, of course, natural to brood about time when one suddenly has too much of it on hand. Heaven helps the meditator who gets a song like "Cats in the Cradle and the Silver Spoon" stuck in their head. They will surely die by their own hand.
Many scientists have been drawn to Buddhism out of a sense that the Western tradition has delivered an impoverished conception of basic, human sanity. In the West, if you speak to yourself out loud all day long, you are considered crazy. But speaking to yourself silently -- thinking incessantly -- is considered perfectly normal. On the Buddhist view, the continuous identification with discursive thought is a kind of madness -- albeit a madness that is very well-subscribed. As some of the retreatants discovered, when thoughts are seen to be mere phenomena arising and passing away in consciousness (along with sights, sounds, sensations, etc.), the feeling that there is a "self" who is the thinker of these thoughts can disappear. This experience of selflessness is interesting for two reasons: it makes perfect sense from a neurological perspective, as there is no privileged position for a self to occupy in the brain. The loss of self can also be deeply liberating. Several labs have begun to study meditators who claim to have ready access to this state. Richard Davidson and colleagues at the University of Wisconsin have detected marked differences in the brains of such adepts as measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and EEG. Research on the functional effects of meditation is still in its infancy, but there seems to be little question that the practice changes the brain.
Needless to say, any truths uncovered about the human mind through meditation cannot be "Buddhist". And if meditation ever becomes widely adopted as a tool of science, it will be quickly stripped of its Buddhist roots. There are, after all, very good reasons we don't talk about "Christian physics" or "Muslim algebra". Physics and algebra are genuine domains of human inquiry, and as such, they transcend the cultural conditions out of which they arose. Today, anyone emphasizing the religious roots of these intellectual disciplines would stand convicted of not understanding them at all. In the same way, if we ever develop a scientific account of the contemplative path, speaking of "Buddhist" meditation will be synonymous with a failure to assimilate the changes that will have occurred in our understanding of the human mind.
The retreat might have been a significant event in the history of ideas. It could mark the beginning of a discourse on ethics and spiritual experience that is as unconstrained by dogma and cultural prejudice as the discourses of physics, biology, and chemistry are. Other retreats for scientists are now being planned. What effect this will have on our collective understanding of the human mind remains to be seen. But we could be witnessing the birth of a contemplative science.
Some may remember this brewery from awhile back for sending me a colorful message about my rating of one of their beers.
Despite being berated and called a moron, I decided it would be a good idea to pick up one of their bottles at a liquor store about a month ago. Since they're a bit infamous amongst my semi-defunct tasting group, I was holding the bottle until we could get together and open it up.
Recently when moving some bottles around, I had set this one on the kitchen counter. Tonight, I was in the kitchen cooking dinner and my friend and I were talking when a loud explosion startled both of us. It took us a moment to realize what happened but we quickly found the culprit when glass and beer were all over the floor and counter, including glass shards having made it into the dining room and one lodging itself in my friend's neck.
Of course, I salvaged the last 4 ounces or so of the beer and put them through a strainer before getting the rating, because I'm an idiot and degenerate, but also to be able to hopefully have another memorable rating from this brewery.
I guess the question is...if a beer causes you or another physical harm, do you have to rate it a 0.5?
(CNN) A powerful tornado touched down Tuesday in the New Orleans East neighborhood, flipping cars, smashing homes and injuring several dozen people, some seriously.
The severe weather spanned a wide swath of southeastern Louisiana.
Gov. John Bel Edwards said seven confirmed tornadoes were recorded in at least six different parishes. The storm system damaged dozens of homes and businesses and left thousands without power, according to Edwards.
"But the Lord has blessed us because not a single fatality has been reported or confirmed as this time," Edwards told reporters.
Eshon Trosclair holds their son Camron Chapital after a tornado tore through home while they were inside.
Eshon Trosclair holds their son Camron Chapital after a tornado tore through home while they were inside.
A man talks on the phone amid the debris of a motel.
A man talks on the phone amid the debris of a motel.
Across the street from their destroyed home, Claire White sits in a chair and talks on the phone next to their husband, Roy, and dog JD.
Across the street from their destroyed home, Claire White sits in a chair and talks on the phone next to their husband, Roy, and dog JD.
Gregory Rugon looks for their glasses at the spot where they took cover in their home.
Gregory Rugon looks for their glasses at the spot where they took cover in their home.
A man looks at the destruction as they talk on the phone.
A man looks at the destruction as they talk on the phone.
A woman reacts to the damage caused in their neighborhood.
A woman reacts to the damage caused in their neighborhood.
Artie Chaney surveys the damage to their home in New Orleans. The tornado hit while they and their family took cover inside.
Artie Chaney surveys the damage to their home in New Orleans. The tornado hit while they and their family took cover inside.
People walk down a street in New Orleans after a tornado touched down in the eastern part of the city on Tuesday, February 7.
People walk down a street in New Orleans after a tornado touched down in the eastern part of the city on Tuesday, February 7.
Edwards declared a state of emergency.
Severe thunderstorms were predicted to continue from the central Gulf Coast region to the Ohio Valley ahead of a strong cold front, according to the National Weather service.
Very large hail, strong winds and tornadoes will be possible in the lower Mississippi River Valley and central Gulf Coast states through Tuesday evening, according to the weather service.
A National Weather Service preliminary survey found that the tornado that hit New Orleans was at least an EF-2, packing winds of 111 to 135 mph.
CNN Map
The Storm Prediction Center said the tornado damaged about 60 houses and structures, CNN affiliate WDSU reported.
Landrieu said the tornado traveled about 2 miles and destroyed everything that some families had.
"It's like an elephant stomping on your house and it is really devastating," Landrieu said. "But the people of New Orleans and the people of Louisiana are really resilient and tough."
While there's major damage, I know our people are strong and will rebuild. pic.twitter.com/7yxl7DAnKX — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) February 7, 2017
Landrieu said several dozen people had minor injuries and about five suffered serious injuries.
Slightly more than 11,900 customers in Louisiana remained without power, according to utility company Entergy's outage map.
NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans was damaged.
NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans was damaged in the storm.
Jonathan Simeral, a materials engineer at the facility, said they initially headed to a window after getting a weather warning on their phone, but then "dove into a bathroom" after their colleagues screamed that they could see the tornado approach.
"The lights went out and you could hear stuff falling from the ceiling. Debris flying, you could hear it hitting the windows," they said.
Darrick Williams said their sister-in-law called them after a tornado ripped through their New Orleans East neighborhood.
"The whole house is gone. The whole house was hit by a tornado, so I jumped in my car and headed around the corner to their house," Williams recalled them saying.
Williams, who also lives in the neighborhood, went to check on their brother and sister-in-law before they started filming a Facebook Live video.
"I could tell that the whole back half of the house was gone," Williams said.
Less than 24 hours after visiting the Syracuse campus, East Carolina transfer Elijah Hughes has decided to commit to the Orange basketball program. He'll have to sit out this season, but still has three years of eligibility remaining.
BREAKING: Elijah Hughes just committed to #Syracuse basketball per source. Will not visit Iona. Story coming. — Mike McAllister (@McAllisterScout) May 11, 2017
Hughes is a highly intriguing addition, with a 6-foot-6, 220 pound frame and a good all-around skillset. They flew under the radar coming out of high school, due in large part to the fact that they never played on the AAU circuit and was a dual sport athlete. However, their senior year was spent at South Kent, where they teamed with Matthew Moyer. In one game, they reportedly went head to head with Hamidou Diallo, scoring 24 points while holding the potential 2017 NBA Draft pick to just four.
In their one year at ECU, Hughes averaged 7.8 points and 2.3 rebounds while missing a little bit of time with a foot injury, and came on strong during the AAC Tournament. Over the final two games, against Temple and SMU, they averaged 16.0 points and knocked down 6-of-11 three pointers.
Hughes is a terrific athlete with a nice shooting stroke, making their 27.3% success rate from long distance as a first-year student in all likelihood a product of some struggles transitioning form high school ball to the college level. Some of their stronger games their first-year student season came against the likes of Cincinnati and UConn, against whom they scored 18 and 14 points, respectively. They also scored a career-best 19 points against South Florida and potential SU grad transfer target Geno Thorpe.
With the addition of Hughes, Syracuse now has two scholarships remaining to use for 2017. Jordan Tucker is almost certainly bound for Duke, but would take up one of those two spots should they shock the recruiting world and pick the Orange. The other looks to be reserved for Marek Dolezaj, the 6-foot-9 Slovakian forward who visited campus earlier this week. Should Tucker pick Duke, and Dolezaj pick Syracuse, then the final roster spot would likely then be reserved for either Eric Ayala, who remains open to reclassifying to 2017, or someone like Thorpe.
From my perspective, bringing in Thorpe makes good sense. The 2018 recruiting class is loaded, and the Orange are involved with a number of good players, but have limited scholarships available with no seniors graduating. Bringing in Thorpe would, in essence, be just like keeping one spot open, while the Orange also gain back one more scholarship and will be up to 12 next seasons.
Assuming Tyus Battle goes pro, that would then give Syracuse three scholarships to work with. Having Hughes on board gives the Orange a talented, athletic shooting guard who will be two years removed from high school, and will have been competing head to head with Battle for a full year, learning the 2-3 zone, and presumably sliding right into the starting lineup in Battle's place. Having a shooting guard in the program and ready to step in gives the staff a little more freedom on the 2018 recruiting trail, since they don't necessarily need to focus on bringing in a starter-level shooting guard.
Share This:
Advertisements
Liked it? Take a second to support Otto's Grove on Patreon!
HALIFAX — Police in Halifax have charged a 23-year-old woman for their alleged role in the prostitution of two girls.
Police say Tashlynn Marie Shaw is accused of coercing two girls under the age of 16 to continue working in the sex trade.
Investigators also allege Shaw assaulted one of the young victims with a weapon on two separate occasions.
Shaw was arrested without incident Wednesday and police say they face 22 charges.
They include two counts each of trafficking a person under the age of 18, living off the avails of prostitution of a person under the age of 18, invitation to sexual touching, as well as exercising control, direction or influence over the movements of a person to aid in prostitution.
Shaw is also charged with assault with a weapon, assault causing bodily harm and forcible confinement.
Police say they believe there may be more alleged victims and are urging the public to come forward with information.
The son of the late boxing great Muhammad Ali was detained at a Florida airport this month and asked about their religious preferences, a family friend says.
Muhammad Ali Jr., 44, was returning to the U.S. from Jamaica with their mother, Khalilah Camacho-Ali, when customs pulled them aside at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on Feb. 7 for questioning, Chris Mancini, a family friend and lawyer, told the Courier-Journal Friday.
Customs officials let Camacho-Ali proceed once they produced a photo of themselves with their former husband Muhammad Ali, but since Ali Jr. did not have such a photo, they detained them for almost two hours. During their detention, they say officials asked them questions like “Where did you get your name from?” and “Are you Muslim?”
Ali Jr., who like their late father is Muslim, is an American citizen with no criminal record. They were carrying a U.S. passport with them at the time of their detention.
“This is an outrage,” said Mancini, who is a former federal prosecutor. “I don't know what is going on with Mr. Trump's claim that their ban is not religion-based. We do not discriminate in this country based on religion.”
Muhammad Ali's son was questioned twice about their religion, and then held for at about two hours at #FLL. https://t.co/y7SBEBQq49 — Miami New Times (@MiamiNewTimes) February 24, 2017
“What right does the United States have to inquire about somebody's religion when they enter the country?” Mancini said. “This is an instance where the ban has been enforced even though it has been thrown out. The government is still trying to find grounds to keep Muslims out.”
Multiple outlets have reached out to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection for comment, which has simply said, “Due to the restrictions of the Privacy Act, U.S. Customs and Border Protection cannot discuss individual travelers; however, all international travelers arriving in the U.S. are subject to CBP inspection.”
The Ali family is considering filing a federal lawsuit.
CHRISTINE STRIKES BACK
She's not done yet. Former U.S. Senate hopeful Christine O'Donnell has penned a book titled “Troublemaker: Let's Do What It Takes to Make America Great Again.” It will set the record straight, they say, “on who they are and where they come from” and “voice the quiet anger” of voters frustrated with politics and political antics.
Ms. O'Donnell, a tea party favorite who shook up the 2010 election in their home state of Delaware, endured much mockery from an unfriendly press. It was Time magazine, in fact, that labeled them a “troublemaker.” Still, the candidate took things in stride, went the distance and kept their political prowess intact by declining an offer to appear on ABC's “Dancing With the Stars.”
She's also coming to the nation's capital just as “Troublemaker” lands on the shelves and in iPods; the work is also available in audio form, read by the author. Ms. O'Donnell arrives in Washington on Aug. 18 for a book signing, followed by an appearance at a “boot camp” sponsored by the Ronald Reagan Institute for Conservative Leadership.
AIM AT AMES
Ames, Iowa, is now the official center of the known universe, for a few minutes this week anyway. And Iowa voters are “informed and tough, they take their responsibility as ‘president pickers' pretty seriously,” says Fox News, getting all folksy but poised to broadcast the next Republican presidential debate live from Iowa State University on Thursday, in where-else-but-Ames. The anchor is Bret Baier, the moderators are Byron York and Susan Ferrechio of the Washington Examiner, and the airtime is 9 p.m. EDT.
As the opening act for the big, fat Ames Straw Poll on Saturday, the debate itself has drawn a cast that will likely be in the mood to spar, then peddle a few safe sound bites. The contenders: Reps. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota and Ron Paul of Texas; Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Herman Cain, Jon Huntsman Jr., Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich.
Ready to spar, and a whole lot more: Texas Gov. Rick Perry, in full rogue mode, is expected to announce their own White House bid in 48 hours. He'll be speechifying Saturday afternoon at the RedState Gathering in South Carolina and later in New Hampshire.
OBAMA LOYALISTS
Republican strategists please note: Political rivals are entrenched and determined. Democrats are not “disillusioned” with President Obama, says a Pew Research Center poll of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents: 59 percent do not want another Democrat to challenge Mr. Obama for the 2012 nomination, while 38 percent approve of the idea. These numbers have not changed an iota since last fall, the pollster says.
EXPLAINING ‘CRAZY EYES'
Critics who question the validity of Newsweek's odd, malevolent hit on Rep. Michele Bachmann this week have emerged from unexpected sources. Many are perplexed by the magazine's direction under the tutelage of editor Tina Brown, also editor of the Daily Beast. Them Twitter name is “TheTinaBeast” as a matter of fact.
“This is Tina Brown's last ditch attempt to keep a fading news magazine relevant. The cover shot was below-the-belt journalism, something even liberals like Jon Stewart and the National Organization for Women have recognized,” Geoffrey Dickens, deputy research director of the Media Research Center, tells Inside the Beltway.
“As far as Lois Romano's companion story goes? That's your standard by-the-numbers hit job on a conservative by the liberal media that more and more Americans are starting to see through,” Mr. Dickens adds.
PLEASE EXPLAIN
Curious about the letter that Rep. Peter T. King sent to CIA and Defense officials calling for an investigation into reported Hollywood access to classified materials from the Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden? See the New York Republican's entire communication at homeland.house.gov/letter/king-letter-dodcia-bin-laden-mission-film.
POINT AND CUT
Crop insurance, family planning grants, NASA? Here's one way to chime in on what gets trimmed from the federal budget, offered by those who insist Congress has “abdicated its budget duties to yet another supercommittee” that could fall prey to special interest groups.
The Tea Party Debt Commission, launched online by the fiscally conservative grass-roots group FreedomWorks, allows visitors to vote on spending cuts with a little point-and-click, and also see projected savings which result. The votes will be tabulated and used to spark a “nationwide discussion” at activist hearings in key cities.
Give it a whirl at www.teapartydebtcommission.com.
POLL DU JOUR
• 75 percent of federal employees think of their agency's Washington headquarters as a “bureaucracy.”
• 66 percent say there is “tension” between headquarters and employees in the field.
• 59 percent say “fed bashing” on Capitol Hill affects how they are perceived in their own community.
• 63 percent associate the term “politics” when they think of agency headquarters, 39 percent think of “policy wonks.”
• 35 percent associate headquarters with the term “useless.”
• 10 percent say headquarters is “essential,” 6 percent “helpful” and 4 percent “resourceful.”
• 51 percent of federal employees outside of Washington say they “never” communicate with D.C. colleagues.
Source: A Federal News Radio survey of 421 federal employees in civilian and defense agencies; roughly half work outside Washington, half in the D.C. metro area. The findings were released Aug. 8.
• Wonkish honks, fed bashing, plain communications to jharper-at-washingtontimes.com.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Arizona has hired former West Virginia and Michigan coach Rich Rodriguez as its next football coach, as athletic director Greg Byrne made the news official with a photo posted on Twitter.
Posted to Byrne's Twitter page on Monday was an entry that read "And the new Arizona football coach and their family is......."
The post included a link that, when clicked, led to a photo of Rodriguez with their family.
Byrne will officially introduce Rodriguez at a news conference Tuesday at the McKale Center, the school said. They replace interim coach Tim Kish.
Arizona (3-8, 2-7 Pac-12) fired Mike Stoops last month after struggling to a 1-5 start.
Rodriguez coached Michigan from 2008-2010 and West Virginia from 2001-2007. Rodriguez posted a 60-26 record at West Virginia, finishing first in the Big East four times.
Rodriguez was 15-22 at Michigan, including 6-18 in Big Ten play, before being dismissed.
During Rodriguez's tenure, the school acknowledged that it was guilty of four NCAA violations. It was put on three years of probation, though Rodriguez and the school avoided major penalties in part because the NCAA agreed that the coach didn't fail to promote an atmosphere and compliance in their program.
Progressives have typically attacked economic inequality on fairness grounds, arguing that it's just not right that so much national wealth is funneled to the top even as millions struggle to get by. Americans are definitely open to this argument, especially during times like now when a warped, anemic economy is mainly just raising the yachts, and not the boats of ordinary people.
This is a key finding of Leslie McCall's recent book, The Undeserving Rich, which carefully scrutinizes years of public opinion polls on inequality. The problem, though, is that when economic times are fairly good, the fairness critique of inquality tends to lose traction. We saw that in the late 1990s and also the Bush years. The yachts were soaring into the stratrosphere, but ordinary boats were also inching up just enough that it was hard to raise concern about near-record levels of inequality.
We could easily see this same movie again in coming years. Recent public concerns about inequality could quickly melt away if the economy cranks back up and modestly good times return. The fact that tens of millions of workers will still be trapped in low-wage hell while a sliver of Americans live better than the kings of old will seem like a minor detail. Remember, this is America, where people will seize any chance they get to blame themselves for their economic misfortune as opposed to larger systems or the elites who run things.
All this is why opponents of inequality need a truly sustainable critique of the huge gaps of income and wealth in America today — one that seems relevant in both good times and bad. Fortunately, such a critique has finally emerged in recent years—one which focuses on how inequality undermines growth and hurts everyone.
This argument follows a simple causal chain: unequal growth concentrates wealth in the hands of a tiny slice of consumers who can only spend so much money. In turn, the vast majority of earners are left with little extra cash for goods and services. Resulting weak demand undermines growth. Low growth makes everyone poorer than they otherwise might be, including those who own the means of production. Inequality produces other bad economic outcomes, too, such as the underutilization of the nation's human capital, inadequate public investment in both human and physical capital, and social ills that are costly to address, diverting away resources from investment.
It all makes sense. And it makes sense whether the economy truly stinks like it does now, or is simply underperforming, which was the case through much of the Bush years.
What's more, this critique of inequality doesn't just appeal to those who are hurting or care about fairness. It appeals to anyone who wants more customers for their goods and services. Or anyone who wants America to compete well against China and Germany in coming decades.
This new critique has been popping up often lately. Demos has used it to analyze inequality in the retail sector and make an argument for higher wages. And just last week, the Center for American Progress launched the Washington Center for Equitable Growth, which aims to deepen the economic critique of inequality. As the mission statement of the Center says:
New research suggests that growing inequality in the United States may have broad social and economic effects — by reducing stable demand for goods and services, dampening entrepreneurialism, undermining the inclusiveness and responsiveness of political and economic institutions, limiting access to education, and stunting individual development. Yet our understanding of how these mechanisms interact with the broader economy is limited.
Thanks to this initiative, and other work, we are likely to soon know more about how inequality affects everyone's economic fortunes in America. That knowledge will be a powerful thing in making a far stronger argument for inclusive growth.
This is the weekly open thread. Post about anything you want, ask random questions, whatever. Also:
1. I will be at the New York Solstice tomorrow. I'll see some of you there. There will probably be a big meetup Sunday at the Brookfield Place Mall at 1 (last minute change of time!), although details beyond that are sketchy. Head to the mall and look for the group of people who look the way you would expect rationalists to look. It's not subtle.
2. Comment of the week is this poem, even though it's from several months ago, because I only just found it.
3. In case you missed it in yesterday's links, you may be interested in the MIRI fundraiser, the CFAR fundraiser, and the Giving What We Can Pledge Drive.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Soros, Google and Facebook are hard at work “Astroturfing” resistance to FCC Chair Ajit Pai's proposed rule changes to terminate the “net neutrality” rules put in place by the Obama administration.
The staged event this time around is a “Forum on Net Neutrality” scheduled for Monday evening, June 26, to be hosted by Virginia's Democratic House member Don Beyer, featuring former FCC Chair Tom Wheeler and former FCC Counsel Jonathan Sallet.
Christie Lee McNally, executive director of Free the Internet, has written a letter to Beyer exposing the “Astroturfing” nature of their staged Internet forum.
In their letter, McNally highlighted soon after leaving the FCC, Mr. Sallet joined one of Silicon Valley's largest lobbying and outside law firm Steptoe & Johnson as a partner.
“The law firm has received millions in lobbying fees from some of Silicon Valley's largest companies including Facebook, Netflix, Amazon and Google and their trade association, the Internet Association,” McNally wrote.
McNally pointed out that many of the firm's partners and lawyers have worked almost exclusively on legal and lobbying matters directly related to significant policy matters affecting these companies including:
Markham Erickson: Mr. Erickson currently represents Netflix on regulatory matters before the FCC including the net neutrality, video and broadband matters. Erickson also has a long history of working on behalf of Google, both as a partner at the Holch & Erickson (later McGuinness & Holch) law firm and later as the Executive Director of the Google-created Open Internet Coalition. In addition, Mr. Erickson served as the general counsel of the Internet Association – a trade association founded by Google, Facebook, Amazon and eBay in 2012.
William Abrams: Mr. Abrams has served as counsel for Google in patent cases, including a Federal Circuit Court infringement case regarding software updates of the Chrome browser as well as patent infringement cases brought against the company over geolocation technology for mobile devices.
Stephen Davidson: As chair of Steptoe & Johnson's International Arbitration Group, Mr. Davidson has represented Google in litigation throughout the United States and abroad.
McNally pointed out that Amazon, Alphabet (Google's parent company) and Facebook today are three of the five largest companies in the world by market cap.
They continued to note that Silicon Valley monopolies are facing a litany of legal, anti-consumer and antitrust challenges around the globe: Google is facing record fines in Europe for anticompetitive behavior while Amazon's recent $13.7 billion purchase of Whole Foods raises antitrust concerns here in the U.S. Notably, Silicon Valley's own Congressman Ro Khanna remarked just last week that the Amazon/Whole Foods deal will likely decimate local grocers in their district.
McNally also stressed companies like Google and Facebook have come under increased scrutiny for arbitrarily banning and censoring users, manipulating content and using their unprecedented corporate power and influence over our nation's independent media as well: Amazon owner Jeff Bezos' purchase of the Washington Post in 2013 for instance has raised extremely troubling questions about how Silicon Valley monopoly power is corrupting our free press.
“Free Our Internet — and we suspect many of your constituents – believes that the unchecked corporate greed of Silicon Valley behemoths has reached an inflection point: Left unchecked, the monopoly power of Google, Facebook and Amazon alone threaten to destroy a truly free and open Internet, and we are already seeing incidents of content discrimination, prioritization and blocking from these gatekeepers,” McNally wrote.
“In sum, we believe that having Mr. Sallet – a paid mouthpiece for the very corporations actively lobbying to keep the existing net neutrality rules they helped to craft under President Obama- participate in your town hall meeting raises questions about whether you are truly representing the interests of your constituents or the interests of rapacious Silicon Valley monopolies,” they continued.
“We feel you have a duty and responsibility to the public to disclose that Mr. Sallet is hardly an unbiased observer of Internet policy issues, but rather a partner at a lobbying firm representing some of the most powerful companies in the world today – companies that stand to benefit greatly from rules that protect their monopoly status, and allow them to escape any requirements to abide by the very principals of neutrality they say they support,” McNally concluded.
On Jan. 16, 2017, Rep. Beyer announced they would not attend Donald Trump's inauguration, citing what they saw as a litany of transgressions by Trump that included lying without apology, mimicking the disabled and insulting women.
“His (Trump's) values and their actions are the antitheses of those I hold dear,” Beyer told the Washington Post. “I would be the height of hypocrisy for me to pretend to be part of their inaugural celebration.”
As Infowars.com previously reported, Free Our Internet is a new group formed to expose the Soros-funded campaign to preserve the Obama-era “net neutrality” rules that allow the gateway giants like Google, Facebook and Twitter to censor out conservative and libertarian sites like Infowars.com under their politically motivated “fake news” campaign.
Infowars.com has previously documented Google, together with George Soros' Open Society Institution and the Ford Foundation, have spent more than $72 million dollars to non-profit leftist organizations that have been the most active in promoting the idea that the Internet needs to be regulated by the government as a “common carrier” public utility under the Communications Act – the same regulatory framework crafted decades ago to regulate the old rotary phone system.
Infowars.com has previously warned that Google and the largest communications giants on the Internet lobbied the federal government to define broadband under these 1930s-style regulations – a designation that would allow the government to regulate more rigorously the broadband providers that built the core network connecting users to the Internet as “common carriers.”
Of course, this exempts content monopolies like Google and Facebook from the strict regulations the FCC would apply to common carriers – a scheme that would allow Google, Facebook and the other Internet portal giants to censor conservatives as “fake news,” while demanding that “common carriers” like AT&T and Verizon have no choice but to carry their censored content.
The implementation of these 2015 Obama-era “net neutrality” regulations, which were heavily pushed by Google in hundreds of closed-door meetings at the Obama White House, carved out Google and the other Silicon Valley behemoths, and secured their position as absolute information gatekeepers.
Since these 2015 regulations passed, Google and Facebook have moved to become the judge, jury and executioner of the content we read on the Internet, under the guise of eliminating “fake news.”
IDEAS John W. Dean served as White House counsel to President Richard M. Nixon from 1970 to 1973. Ron Fein is the Legal Director of Free Speech For People, which filed an amicus brief in Arpaio's criminal case.
During the last two days of their embattled presidency, Richard Nixon made a rare principled decision. With the Watergate special prosecutor and congressional impeachment proceedings closing in, they rejected last-minute requests for pardons from their two former top aides, the men who could most damagingly testify against him. Unfortunately, while dust is settling on Donald Trump's pardon of former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio, its message suggests a much cruder view of the pardon power, and sets a dangerous precedent for the months to come.
Most pardons attract little attention. Over the course of a presidency, typical presidents, with the advice of the Department of Justice, pardon or commute the sentences of hundreds of people who have moved beyond their crimes, and long after all investigations have ended. Sometimes, presidents issue pardons to try to help the nation move past bitter divisions, such Gerald Ford's pardon of Nixon and Jimmy Carter's general pardon of Vietnam draft dodgers. And occasionally, presidents issue pardons to friends, relatives, or supporters, and even at the request of a foreign government, such as Bill Clinton's controversial pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich.
But never has a president embroiled in scandal used the pardon power to protect himself. Nixon's refusal provides useful history. On March 1, 1974, a federal grand jury indicted former chief of staff H.R. Haldeman, former chief domestic advisor John Ehrlichman, and five other aides for criminal conspiracy stemming from the Watergate cover-up. The president was exposed as well. To be sure, the Department of Justice took the position that a president cannot be indicted while in office. But the grand jury named Nixon as an unindicted co-conspirator. And before Ford pardoned him, they risked future prosecution.
On August 7, Haldeman and Ehrlichman, employing different channels, approached the White House and asked for pardons. They did not need to point out that the risk of prison time makes people more likely to testify. Yet Nixon rejected their request. The next day, they announced their resignation and submitted themselves to fate. Gerald Ford later pardoned Nixon on September 8, 1974. Haldeman and Ehrlichman each served 18 months in prison. Neither ever fully testified under oath; their accounts of the Watergate cover-up are found only in their White House recordings, and Nixon's secret tapes.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Later presidents have also declined to use the pardon power to protect themselves from scandal. George H.W. Bush, who may have faced some legal risk from the Reagan administration's Iran-Contra scandal, eventually pardoned several key figures — but long after anyone might have had an incentive to implicate him. Bill Clinton pardoned their former law partner, Susan McDougal, of charges stemming from the Whitewater deal — but only after they had already been released from prison.
Arpaio's pardon sent a signal that reverberated in Washington. For Trump's current and former associates embroiled in Special Counsel Robert Mueller's Russiagate investigation, the message is unmistakable: don't cooperate, and I'll pardon you.
First, the timing: Most presidents use clemency cautiously; “hot” pardons, if addressed, tend to come towards the end of a president's final term. The fact that Trump is willing to pardon and praise a polarizing figure like Arpaio after just seven months in office is telling. It indicates that they will not likely worry about political blowback from pardoning former subordinates who could implicate them in wrongdoing, whenever they feel it is necessary.
Second, the crime: Arpaio was convicted of contempt of court for disobeying a court order. The pardon signals to Trump's current and former aides that, if they are threatened with contempt for refusing to testify, they will pardon them too. This president is not troubled by the separation of powers.
Third, the motive: There are not many other options for Trump to convey that message to former aides, such as former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and former national security advisor Michael Flynn, who are in the special counsel's sights.
If they tried to reassure them directly, it could constitute witness tampering or other obstruction of a criminal investigation, in violation of federal law. In the Nixon impeachment proceedings, Congress specifically cited Nixon's various promises of executive clemency to induce various Watergate participants to plead guilty and refuse to testify.
But one effective way to send the message that “if the heat gets too close, hold tight and I will pardon you” is to pardon someone else. Ideally, someone just as controversial — someone like Arpaio. That gives the president plausible deniability. Manafort, Flynn, and other Trump associates understand the signal, but the president can deny that they encouraged them not to cooperate with law enforcement.
The Framers were aware of this danger. In the Virginia constitutional ratification debates, George Mason criticized the pardon power, arguing that the president “may frequently pardon crimes which were advised by himself,” and so “destroy the republic.” James Madison replied that if there were grounds to believe that the president would use the pardon to “shelter” a person with whom they were “connected, in any suspicious manner,” then Congress could impeach him.
Federal courts can also restrain a president's abuse of the pardon power. To be sure, the Supreme Court has not held a presidential pardon invalid since 1915, and under different circumstances. But the Justices have hinted from time to time that at least some clemency decisions might be open to challenge, and advocates are making solid legal arguments about why the Arpaio pardon crosses a constitutional line.
Coming months will be critical. Mueller appears to be moving aggressively — just ask Manafort and Flynn. They have advised the White House that they plan to interview six former and current aides. As the investigation closes in, the incentives for cooperation will increase, and so will the temptation for Trump to try to make it all go away. Before that happens, responsible members of Congress, the media and public should make clear that abuse of the pardon power by Trump to impede Mueller's investigation will have the same consequences as firing the special counsel: Impeachment proceedings will commence immediately.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
“You can make a ton of easy money off of arbitrage right now.” -Dude on the Internet
As I write this, the last trade on Bitstamp occurred at $899 / BTC. On Mt.Gox, it occurred at $944 / BTC, or 5% more. This violates the law of one price. Easy, right? Buy on Bitstamp, transfer BTC to Mt.Gox, sell on Mt.Gox, transfer money back to Bitstamp. Repeat until the difference is 0%. Celebrate.
UPDATE (2/25/2014). As of today, after a few weeks of speculation and massive price discrepancies between the other exchanges, Mt. Gox has taken down their website. Some sources are citing over 740,000 BTC as lost. A joint letter from some of the larger bitcoin companies indicates that Mt. Gox will file for bankruptcy and is insolvent. End Update.
Let's break down those four steps in order:
Buy on Bitstamp.
Buying on Bitstamp will require you to have money in a Bistamp account that has been verified. Verification involves waiting a few days while someone, somewhere looks at some very personal information from you (a passport, income tax form, utility bill, etc.). At this point, you need to transfer funds to Bitstamp.
A boat carries a load of Bitcoin to Bitstamp's HQ in Ljubljana, Slovenia
While this carries only a modest 0.1% fee, you'll be transferring your funds to Bitstamp's bank in beautiful Ljubljana (via the U.K.). In many cases it will cost you some money on your side, since it will be an international wire transfer.
Once the funds do hit your account, look for a 0.5% fee to purchase on the exchange. But now you've got the BTC in hand…or whatever passes for a hand in this case.
Difficulty: Medium. Cost: 1%. Time: Up to a week. Near instant once funded.
Transfer to Mt.Gox.
Transferring BTC is the fast and easiest part of this. While there are sometimes small fees for processing the transaction, they are currently minuscule; hence two of the main reasons people are so excited about bitcoin.
Difficulty: Very Easy. Cost: 0%. Time: Near instant.
Sell on Mt.Gox.
Selling BTC on Mt.Gox is relatively easy. You should once again have a verified account — at this point your passport has traveled significantly more than you have — but the order is relatively simple.
Difficulty: Easy. Cost: 0.6%. Time: Near instant.
Transfer the money back to Bitstamp.
Neither exchange will allow you to send money directly to the other one — you must withdraw it to your own bank account and then resend it. An international withdrawal will cost you 2000 JPY on Mt.Gox, if it goes through. Assuming this is a $10,000 transaction, that is about 0.2%. It will also take a few business days, and you'll initially be limited to $1,000 every 24 hours — but we'll assume you smooth talked your way to a higher limit (you dog). And we already know to expect about 0.5% costs and another few days to get the money to Bitstamp again.
Difficulty: Very Hard. Cost: 0.7%. Time: 1-2 weeks.
UPDATE (2/4): Many people have written me to say that this is overly optimistic. Indeed it appears transferring USD out of Mt. Gox has become incredibly unreliable. CoinDesk is currenty running a poll on Mt. Gox issues. The results should be interesting, and they will most likely be worse than the assumptions above.
Repeat until the difference is 0%.
So far we've only accrued about ~2.3% in fees, leaving ~2.7% of arbitrage left. Although the time differences are prohibitive, we could overcome them by having a large balance sheet on both exchanges — say $200,000 total in order to execute $10,000 of arbitrage each day, which would yield $270 of profit and allow 2-3 weeks for the money to cycle. While $270 per day on a base of $200,000 is only ~14 basis points, it's still arbitrage. At the end of a year of doing this every day, you'd have a profit of nearly $130,000 (if you added your profit each day to your trading book).
But when we started, I said the “last trade” occurred with a 5% discrepancy. What about the next trade, the one we will hopefully be making the money on? That requires a look at the market depth chart, which is a visualization of the order book. This shows you how much is for sale (asks) or to buy (bids) at different price levels. Here there are two problems you'll instantly notice:
Bid-Ask Spread. The last transaction occurred at $899, but the next guy is almost definitely asking more — this has gotten pretty narrow lately (a good thing) and is usually around 0.1%. But this will hit you on both sides (buying and selling).
Market Depth. You need to buy $10,000, but the guy at $900 is only selling $90 worth of coin. Who's next in line?
Not as many people as we'd have hoped. Based on this chart, your transaction for $10,000 would occur at an average price of $904.35 — another 0.6% lost. This hits you on both sides, and will be more extreme in markets with less volume.
These two properties of the market reduce your arbitrage from 2.7% to approximately 1.5%. That reduces our 365 day return to about $60,000, pre-tax.
Giving it a try.
So yes, there exists a spread among exchanges for an identical asset, net of fees — a definition of arbitrage. And you might be able to take advantage of it. But even to achieve the 1.5% arbitrage above from the 5% initially observed, we:
Assumed an asset base 20x our daily trading amount;
Assumed away some early limits that all accounts will be subject to;
Assumed that every transfer would occur without error;
Assumed no taxes.
The four of these things together make the perfect scenario impossible. Taxes alone will reduce your take by up to half. And while the addition of currencies, altcoins, and more exchanges creates more scenarios, the problems highlighted at each step (fees, timing, limits, and depth) increase more than proportionally.
And after all that sweat, you might look back and wonder why you had labored over a 63% return while buying $200,000 of BTC would have led you to a 6800% return.
Good luck.
Resources
Note: This article is also available in Spanish.
The first time I read one of Paul's articles I cringed. Fuck, did I cringe.
In fact I submitted work at A Voice For Men in spite of Paul's participation and because the site is billed as a place where people interested in compassion for men and boys can be heard. I submitted work because Paul has said, repeatedly, that they want these voices to be heard, not just voices that agree with them or their own voice, but all voices who sing in the “we care about men” chorus.
Over time I got to know Paul. I realized that they are blunt; they are crude. Their articles are, well, rather razor sharp and deliberately offensive.
But Paul's articles are also like a magic eye.
If you focus on imagining that men deserve to be cared about and then re-read their articles, out of all the offensive language a bland, bald truth—and it is bland—reveals itself.
The article on Andrea Dworkin's rape obsession becomes:
Bigots who are fixated on the violent sexuality of the group they're targeting, may just have prurient sexual motives themselves.
To illustrate I'll use an example that's less charged with moral outrage.
The KKK are also obsessed with the violent sexuality of a target group. To the point where one really must ask “do doth protest too much about gigantic black cocks invading pert lily-white orifices?”
The article on “women begging for it” becomes:
Sexually abusive people who engage in abusive behavior invite aggression back. They do not deserve it; they invite it.
To illustrate I'll again use an example that's less charged with moral outrage.
Let's imagine we have a very popular boy in high school and this very popular jock has a habit of asking unpopular girls to dances and then—as these outcasts are at just at the threshold of getting to be seen in public with the most popular boy in school, trembling with excitement at the thought of sharing their first dance—this jock says “fuck no, why did you ever think I'd be seen in public with you?”
This is taunting.
Now for those who balk at drawing a parallel between the popular high school jock taunting unpopular boys and women taunting men sexually… consider that sexuality is almost always more about social approval and acceptance than pure nerve ending stimulation.
When a woman taunts a man sexually, she's taunting them with social acceptance. Just like the jock taunting the unpopular girl with social acceptance.
Now if that unpopular girl punches the jock, how do we feel? How about if they pull out a knife and rapes him?
I'm sure we all agree that the smug asshole jock didn't deserve to be raped; but they sure are inviting it and by taunting enough unpopular girls, he'd eventually find one that wasn't going to just walk home and cry themselves to sleep. He'd eventually find themselves a psycho.
The only difference between these two scenarios is how much you care about the people being taunted and the people doing the taunting.
Again, magic eye. Focus on the idea that men deserve to be cared about, and the intent becomes clear.
Paul's articles are also a red flag for people who are going around trying to find things to be offended about. They will find offense aplenty in their articles, not because what their articles are actually saying is anything but bland and inoffensive, but because these people are in the business of manufacturing offense.
Not just manufacturing it, cooking offense up in a metal spoon and injecting it right into the vein.
Paul has created the perfect formula: insert enough offense that the druggies are attracted to it like flies to shit—they'll spread it faster than a gram of heroin—and enough reason that might spark those still capable of critical thought to say “hm, he's a fucking asshole, but they have a point. Or might have a point.”
But here's where you come in Mr. or Ms. Keeper-of-the-Middle-Ground, if these offense-junkies weren't targeting Paul for their hit, they'd be targeting you.
Yes, you. Mr. or Ms. Keeper-of-the-Middle-Ground.
Have you noticed the pattern yet? The Social Justice Crack House Squad descends on a hapless person; sometimes making their life miserable for saying the word “bitch” or having a supposedly “objectifying” webcomic; or using the word “dongle”; or doing, saying or being anything the Squad doesn't approve of.
The Social Justice Crack House Squad then proceeds to destroy their target's life in pursuit of their hit of self-righteousness.
It's not about reason or logic or “making the world safe for kitties and puppies”, it's not even about hate, it's about the hit. It's about the outrage and the addict's unending hunger for it. The Social Justice Crack House Squad has a craving that'll never get fed. Which means when they drink and drug their way through your neighbours, they're coming for you.
Yes, you. Mr. or Ms. Keeper-of-the-Middle-Ground.
To be honest, you can ether turtle up against these marauding druggies or you can be their next victim, or you can join the chorus against them. Because these people will not stop until the whole world smells of vomit, feces, open sores, sweaty, unwashed bodies and the sweet-sour stench of burnt out smug superiority.
Our moral landscape is being dictated by drug addicts and the cure is critical thinking.
That's why we say Fuck Their Shit Up. Those that freebase outrage will spred the drug far and wide; those capable of critical thinking and good faith will say “hmm, two meanings and everyone on the ship says it's the non-violent one and they'll make anyone who engages in violence walk the (proverbial, hypothetical, metaphorical) plank.”
If you get it, come aboard. And bring your good faith arguments! Bring your unfashionable opinions! Bring your sanity! Bring your willingness to engage rationally! Bring your critical thought!
And welcome to the good ship, the SS-FTSU01. Meet Paul, your crusty naval Captain; JTO, your salty sea dog of a Chief Mate; Dean, the Boatswain; Girl Writes What, wench-at-arms; Dr. T, head-shrinker and surgeon; Susan, Chief Steward and sammichmaker; Dr. F, Master of Ceremonies; Danny, Crowsnest; Communication Chief Robert; James, Engineer; and Jared, Gunner; Erin Pizzey, the obligatory cool old lady.
And myself, Navigator.
Now let's go forth and Fuck Their Shit Up.
How to Solve Agile Estimation Problem
The problem with numbers
Looking through profiles of a variety of software development companies, I noticed that they paid special attention to their estimation approaches. On their websites they tried hard to convince the customer that they were able to estimate any job accurately. They provided so many details about how they would do that, so it was obvious (to me) that they used to be in unhappy situations many times in the past.
Estimating projects which are longer than two weeks is a difficult question. There are two common reasons why:
Customers never properly explain what they want to get. Please, do not find this offensive. Expressing ideas clearly is impossible unless one is taught to do it. The customer simply does not know what the other person needs to know. So, in most cases they explain the idea in a few words and then says something like: "Feel free to ask if anything is not clear", assuming that extracting the information is developer's responsibility. Developers do not consider the project as a comprehensive whole. They accept the game when the job is understood as a list of user stories every one of which should be estimated separately. Then they tend to provide estimate on every user story as if they would implement it in a speedy mode without spending time on automated tests, refining the workflow and communicating with the customer about the result.
Usually, this leads to underestimating the project. The customer gets unhappy when the estimates are not met and blames the developers while they have either to explain the new timing or to accept full responsibility for wrong numbers.
Here is where Agile estimation techniques come onboard
This is why software companies struggle with estimating approach. They invent various tools to enhance the estimation process and improve their procedures again and again. Sometimes they get better in what they do. But there is no universal solution to the problem because there is always some amount of uncertainty about what the customer wants to see.
The agile software estimation approach recommends accepting the fact that project requirements are not stable. This is an obvious fact, but not all people agree about the way it can be applied to life. I was told that some vendors even refused to provide estimates saying that it was not possible to estimate jobs beforehand, and that clients never really knew exactly what they wanted, etc.
In the eyes of many clients this is not a great answer. They may understand that it is not possible to see the future, but they still have to understand their roadmap.
It would be interesting to answer two questions. The first one is: what a professional agile software company should do to give customers what they need? And the second one: if projects are so hard to estimate, then what is a smart, funded, savvy client supposed to do?
What is Agile project management
As a sales manager, I completely accept the fact that a customer needs an estimate. It is my job to protect interests of the customer and keep them or them happy. Certainly, we never refuse to make an estimate. More than that, we always try to make an indicative estimate.
The agile approach is not about not making estimates. Quite the opposite, it is about re-estimating everything every week. It is not a problem to make an estimate. It is much more difficult to meet the estimate. But the "agile problem" is not just about meeting the budget. The main question is how to give the customer enough freedom and keep them from changing the initial plan at the same time.
As I mentioned before, one of the main reasons why vendors do not meet their estimates is that requirements are never fixed. The customer knows that.  They are happy with that. They like to play around with requirements, they tend to forget about deadlines, but they do not want to have the budget changed.
What do we do in such situations?
First of all, while estimating an agile project, we talk to the customer. Communication is one of the agile values. When a customer requests an estimate, we not only provide them with numbers in dollars, but also tell them what they will get for this money. We show them a plan. We attach draft graphic mockups.
Also, we ask them about their limitations. If they have a fixed budget, we estimate the job taking it into consideration.
When we start working on a project, we watch how it goes and try to catch the moment when the customer goes beyond their limitations (to do that we use our custom agile project management tool). We warn them about that and let them decide what to do.
What a customer is supposed to do
Let me summarize. The problem is not that software projects are impossible to estimate. The problem is that some customers are not experienced enough to be responsible for deadlines. They need explanations. They need guidance. If they work with an agile company, they need a "lite" version of agile – something that will give them some freedom, but will allow them not to exceed.
Also, it is reasonable to mention that we never faced any problems with estimates when the customer had experience in managing developers.
The answer to the second question is: a savvy customer should talk to the software company and get an overall opinion rather than a price. If some tasks are hard to estimate, they can ask the developers why. If a task may take one or another time stretch depending on something, they can ask what that something is. Then they can make a decision about what to do with the bottleneck.
If they are smart enough to do so, they are ready to go agile.
PHOENIX — The chairperson of Arizona's Republican Party says he'll keep supporting Donald Trump despite the business person's lewd comments about women.
Robert Graham's Monday announcement shows just how deeply the state GOP is divided over Trump. Two days earlier, Sen. John McCain withdrew their support for Trump and said he'll write in the name of a “good conservative Republican” instead. Sen. Jeff Flake has also disavowed Trump.
But Graham and others are sticking with the party's presidential nominee.
Graham said in a lengthy statement that there's no way to defend Trump's comments about women but “let them who is without sin cast the first stone.” In a veiled criticism of McCain, they said it's hard to understand why some are willing to abandon Trump knowing that Clinton will “systematically condemn our freedoms.”
ST GEORGE Illawarra look set to finally end their chase for a prized scalp with Gold Coast speedster Nene Macdonald on the verge of joining the Dragons.
The Dragons have missed out on a host of big name players including Corey Norman, Jarryd Hayne and Luke Keary but look to have landed Macdonald on a three year deal.
The Titans are resigned to losing the former Australian schoolboy representative.
Macdonald, 22, joined the Titans midyear through last year from the Roosters.
While Macdonald will add some much-needed pace to a St George Illawarra backline, they do not solve the club's half and hooker woes.
media_camera Macdonald has had their best season in first grade this year.
With Benji Marshall moving on at season's end, the Dragons are without a recognised No. 7 while the contract standoff with hooker Mitch Rein continues.
The Dragons have made a pitch for NSW hooker Robbie Farah but will also look to Cameron McInnes or Damien Cook should Farah join the Rabbitohs.
The Dragons signed under-20s Queensland prop Josh Kerr for two years.
No, Blake Griffin isn't grounded. He's still one of the NBA's most dynamic dunkers.
But it sounds as if "Lob City," the nickname for Griffin and their high-flying teammates with the Los Angeles Clippers, is out.
"Lob City doesn't exist anymore. Lob City is done," Griffin told ESPN's Shelley Smith in an interview this week. "We're moving on and we're going to find our identity during training camp, and that will be our new city. No more Lob City."
Griffin stressed that new coach Doc Rivers has been instilling a defensive-minded culture and said their offensive game will change noticeably this season. The up-tempo, exciting style of play the Clippers have become known for since point guard Chris Paul joined Griffin and fellow high-flyer DeAndre Jordan in 2011 has already been de-emphasized.
"Our offense is going to have a totally different look this year," said Griffin, who added that they did a lot of work in the offseason on their face-up game from 10 to 15 feet. "Our offense is going to have a lot of movement and floor spacing. I'm looking forward to it."
Rivers noted that Lob City won't be completely gone.
"We want to be a basketball team," they said. "We want to win. That's one thing we always talk about. I've told them that lobs are great, but winning is better. Let's try to get them both, but I understand what he's saying. I think the message there is people look at us as a showtime team and not a winning team, and we want to be a winning team, but you can do both.
For years, Samsung (and other Android manufacturers) have been crapping all over Google's simple software design with layers of gratuitous bloatware. So, in the proud American tradition, a Chinese consumer protection group is suing Samsung and Oppo for ruining everyone's lives.
As the Shanghai Daily reports, the Shanghai Consumer Rights Protection Commission has filed two cases, one against Samsung and one against Chinese manufacturer Oppo, alleging that the companies sell smartphones with pre-installed apps (true) that are difficult or impossible to uninstall (very true), and typically annoy consumers (yup).
Advertisement
Bloatware isn't a problem unique to Samsung or Oppo — far from it, sadly — but the commission chose those two following a study of 20 smartphones, which found that Samsung and Oppo were the worst offenders. They found the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 had 44 apps installed prior to purchase, while the Oppo X9007 had 71.
The commission's end goal is reasonably modest: to make smartphone manufacturers disclose on the packaging what apps are preinstalled, and provide information on how to remove them. With any luck, this would have the same effect as adding images of diseased lungs to cigarette packaging: shaming people into stopping this horrific blight on humanity.
[Shanghai Daily via BBC]
Contact the author at chris@gizmodo.com.
During a Q&A session at the Milken Institute's Global Conference 2012, AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson talked at length about the wireless industry, but they also had some interesting comments about the slow roll out of new versions of Android, placing the blame largely on Google. "It's an issue," Stephenson said, in response to a question from the audience. "Google kind of determines what platform gets the newest releases and when. Often times that's a negotiated arrangement, and so that's something we work at hard. We know that it's important to our customers."
However, Google has taken issue with this, telling 9to5Google that "frankly we don't understand what they are referring to." According to the company, it currently has no agreements in place that require a negotiation before a handset is launched, but instead explains that it "has always made the latest release of Android available as open source at source.android.com as soon as the first device based on it has launched."
While Google didn't outright blame carrier delays for the problem, key people in the company have. Last month Jean-Baptiste Queru, technical lead on the Android Open Source Project, stated that a number of Google-engineered smartphones still don't have Ice Cream Sandwich "because of delays introduced by operator approvals." However, this shouldn't be as much of a problem now that Google is once again selling phones directly to consumers.
Southern Methodist Mustangs guard Shake Milton (1) lays up a shot against Tulane Green Wave guard Cameron Reynolds (5) in the second half at Moody Coliseum in Dallas on Feb. 28, 2016. (Rose Baca/The Dallas Morning News)
SMU is expected to again have the best men's basketball player in the American Athletic Conference.
SMU guard Shake Milton was named the AAC Preseason Player of the Year, the league announced Monday.
The 6-6 Milton averaged 13 points on 43.7 percent shooting while adding 4.5 assists and 4.1 rebounds per game as a sophomore. The Owasso, Okla., native shot 42.3 percent from 3-point range and averaged 1.3 steals. They finished the season on the All-AAC second team.
Former Mustangs have won the last three postseason AAC Player of the Year awards. Semi Ojeleye won the honor last season, and Nic Moore was the conference's top player the previous two seasons.
The AAC coaches picked SMU to finish fourth in their preseason poll. Cincinnati is the favorite with Wichita State and UCF projected to finish second and third, respectively. SMU won the regular season and tournament titles in 2016-17 but lost Ojeleye, Sterling Brown and Ben Moore to the NBA.
This year's SMU team returns just Milton, senior Ben Emelogu and junior Jarrey Foster. Arkansas transfer Jimmy Whitt practiced with the team last season as they redshirted. Head coach Tim Jankovich, entering their second season at the helm, added Georgetown graduate transfer Akoy Agau and a class of four freshmen.
SMU's women's team, which coaches picked to finish fifth in the AAC, was represented on the preseason second-team by senior forward Alicia Froling.
Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
Some people are now calling Donald Trump an independent rather than a Republican. Do you agree or disagree with this sentiment?
New clinical guidelines, released Wednesday, are expected to reshape medical care for transgender children. The recommendations, written by an international medical team, ease previous restrictions so that children under 16 years old can begin hormone therapy in order to physically transform their bodies.
New clinical guidelines , released Wednesday, are expected to reshape medical care for transgender children. The recommendations, written by an international medical team, ease previous restrictions so that children under 16 years old can begin hormone therapy in order to physically transform their bodies. The guidelines, which are being updated for the first time since 2009, are expected to carry wide influence among pediatricians across the globe.
___________________________________________________
___________________________________________________
The Endocrine Society, which boasts the “largest global membership” in the field of endocrinology, released the guidelines. Co-sponsors include the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, American Society of Andrology, European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology, European Society of Endocrinology, Pediatric Endocrine Society and the World Professional Association for Transgender Health.
Among the key changes: the doctors are reversing their position on “social transitions.” For the first time, the Endocrine Society acknowledges that young children may benefit psychologically from changing their hair and clothing to match the gender they believe to be as opposed to the sex they were assigned at birth. Another major shift: the authors of the clinical guidelines say that hormone treatment to change sex may be beneficial for kids younger than age 16. Previously, those drugs had generally been reserved for transgender people 16 and over. The shift is a controversial one that has some doctors and psychologists concerned that the new guidelines will encourage unnecessary transitions.
The new guidelines, however, are based on more than three years of work by an international team of endocrinologists and psychologists from major universities and hospitals in the U.S. and Europe, including the Mayo Clinic and University of California San Francisco. The guidelines will be published in the November issue of the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism.
“Together, we have worked … to optimize care, both on the mental health side and medical care,” said Dr. Steve Rosenthal, a member of the panel and an Endocrinologist who heads the Child and Adolescent Gender Center at UCSF Children's Hospital.
Offering medical intervention at younger ages allows transgender children to physically transform more seamlessly and limit the number of costly and complicated surgeries later in life, according to Rosenthal.
“It makes it a lot easier for that person to blend in,” Rosenthal said. “If you go through female puberty and you have breasts, if you go through male puberty and you have an Adam's apple and a facial male structure, a deepened voice, all of these things are very difficult to change.”
The new guidelines recommend that only trained mental health professionals should diagnose and prescribe treatment for transgender patients. For adolescents seeking hormone treatment, they recommend gradually increasing doses, but only after a team of experts confirms that the adolescent is, in fact, transgender and has “sufficient mental capacity to give informed consent.”
“I think it's putting a lot on the shoulders of these children,” said Dr. Eric Vilain, a pediatrician and geneticist who heads the Medical Genetics division at UCLA. “It's putting them on a path that will have a lot of medical and surgical consequences.”
Top Doctors Debate Treatment for Transgender Kids Two of the top experts in transgender medicine shared their views with NBC Bay Area's Investigative Unit. To hear their opinions, click a question below. Dr. Stephen Rosenthal
Director of Child and Adolescent Gender Center
UCSF, San Francisco Dr. Eric Vilain
Chief of Medical Genetics
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA Select a question Should young children transition socially? Can kids really know if they're trans? Should medications be used to delay a trans child's puberty?
Vilain believes early social transitions unfairly push children to thinking they should identify as the opposite sex. They said these transitions can lead to unnecessary medical interventions for transgender kids.
"If the children are pushed in this belief it will be much, much harder for them to get out of this belief because everyone will have agreed on it very, very early on," Vilain said. "What worries me is that, indeed, there might be in the upcoming years a considerable number of these children that are placed on a path that we don't fully know the outcome."
Vilain points to numerous studies that conclude that 80% of people who think they are transgender eventually change their minds.
However, Rosenthal and the doctors behind the new guidelines point out that many of those studies are outdated - some from the 1970s and 1980s. They believe that in those past studies many people were misdiagnosed as being transgender. Those people, they say, are the ones who eventually reverted back to their biological sex.
Kids and Their Parents Describe the Transgender Journey Select a journey Maya (7-year-old trans girl) Meghan (Maya's mother) Jack (12-year-old trans boy) Julianna (Jack's mother)
One of the transgender adolescents who may be affected by the new treatment guidelines is 12-year old Jack, a transgender boy who began socially transitioning last year. The Bay Area 7th grader was born Sophia, but now identifies as Jack.
“Sure, I'm a kid, but it doesn't take a genius to realize that I'm not a girl,” they said.
“Sophia was there in my head, but Jack was also,” they said. “I see them as a different human being than I am. I'm Jack - and Sophia had their own lifetime - and I have my own.”
Jack recently underwent a medical procedure to have a tiny device implanted in their left arm that pumps medications through the body to stop the effects of puberty. For now, Jack's puberty is on hold. Under the new guidelines, they no longer has to wait until they turn 16 to being taking male hormones.
An estimated 1.4 million adults and 150,000 teens in the U.S. identify as transgender. Population figures for younger children, however, are largely unknown. That said, Bay Area gender clinics provide care to more than 550 children, according to data collected by the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit.
Published 4 hours ago | Updated 2 hours ago
With actual news headlines looking more and more dystopian, there's no better time to take a literary journey to an imaginary galaxy, parallel universe, or fantastic realm. February may be the shortest month, but it's stuffed with books that are perfect for the job.
Advertisement
The Official Art of Big Trouble in Little China by Tara Bennett and Paul Terry
A celebration of the iconic cult film, with behind-the-scenes photos, storyboards, poster art, and more, including a foreword by director John Carpenter. Check out an excerpt here! (Feb. 1)
Advertisement
All Our Wrong Todays by Elan Mastai
A man who lives in a version of 2016 as envisioned by the 1960s, complete with flying cars and moving sidewalks, accidentally time-warps into the parallel universe that's our version of 2016. They find it a horrific dystopia at first, but soon realizes some things about this alternate reality are actually pretty great. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
Black Feathers: Dark Avian Tales: An Anthology edited by Ellen Datlow
Seanan McGuire, Joyce Carol Oates, and other authors contribute creepy stories about birds to this anthology, edited by Hugo and Bram Stoker Award winner Ellen Datlow. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
Idle Ingredients: A Sin du Jour Affair by Matt Wallace
The demonic caterers of Wallace's Sin du Jour Affair series return to battle their latest foe: a motivational speaker who manages to incapacitate all the male members of the crew. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
Norse Mythology by Neil Gaiman
The award-winning author (American Gods, Coraline, Neverwhere, Sandman) offers their interpretations of the classic Norse myths, weaving a novelistic tale about the adventures of Thor, Loki, Odin, and others. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
$18 Norse Mythology 401 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
A Perfect Machine by Brett Savory
A “Runner” spends their days fleeing from “Hunters” who are trying to gun them down as part of a secret war, but their ultimate destiny is far more unusual than anyone suspects. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
$14 Perfect Machine 1 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
The Stars Are Legion by Kameron Hurley
The acclaimed author of God's War and The Mirror Empire returns with a standalone space opera about a woman who awakes with no memory amid a war between world-ships traveling the darkest regions of the universe. In this desperate setting, they realize they may hold the key to salvation. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
With Blood Upon the Sand by Bradley P. Beaulieu
This sequel to the author's best-selling Twelve Kings in Sharakhai continues the story of Çeda, an elite warrior struggling against the pull of ancient forces and present-day dangers alike. (Feb. 7)
Advertisement
Gilded Cage by Vic James
This debut novel is set in an alternate modern-day England that's ruled by aristocrats whose wealth is matched only by their magical powers. But a brother and sister—mere commoners, toiling in separate but equally oppressive circumstances—are poised to topple the status quo. (Feb. 14)
Advertisement
In Calabria by Peter S. Beagle
The author of The Last Unicorn has penned a new tale focusing on their trademark subject. It's a fable about an Italian farmer whose sleepy life is turned upside down when a certain magical creature appears on their land. (Feb. 14)
Advertisement
$14 In Calabria 16 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Miranda and Caliban by Jacqueline Carey
A retelling of Shakespeare's The Tempest, with a focus on (and a new take on) the title characters. (Feb. 14)
Advertisement
Portal of a Thousand Words by Dave Duncan
The acclaimed fantasy author (The Seventh Sword) explores an alternative, sword-and-sorcery version of 19th century China, a place where magic thrives and a mystical portal opens and unleashes chaos. (Feb. 14)
Advertisement
Ubo by Steve Rasnick Tem
A man is spirited away to a violent, hidden world called Ubo, where malevolent roaches force them to play a different evil historic figure from human history every day. (Feb. 14)
Advertisement
$10 Ubo 4 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Humans, Bow Down by James Patterson and Emily Raymond
In the prolific author's latest, humans have battled their robot overlords—with devastating results. Can one of the few remaining, a feisty young woman named Six, lead a rebellion to save humanity from complete extinction? (Feb. 20)
Advertisement
Cold Counsel by Chris Sharp
An epic fantasy in which the world's last clan of trolls is nearly wiped out by gruesome wars with goblins and elves. The troll chief's son is saved by a reclusive witch, who schools them in the fine art of revenge until it's time for payback. (Feb. 21)
Advertisement
$12 Cold Counsel 1 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
A Conjuring of Light by V.E. Schwab
The final book in Schwab's Shades of Magic fantasy trilogy decides the fate of the heroes and their foes in the magical Maresh Empire. (Feb. 21)
Advertisement
Star Wars: Aftermath: Empire's End by Chuck Wendig
The trilogy that kicked off with Star Wars: Aftermath concludes, further illuminating the years and events that transpired between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens. Read an excerpt here. (Feb. 21)
Advertisement
Agents of Dreamland by Caitlín R. Kiernan
A Lovecraftian horror novella about mysterious government agents, doomsday cults, and messages from space, set in the Southwestern desert. (Feb. 28)
Advertisement
Infernal Parade by Clive Barker
The latest novella from the veteran dark fantasy author is a series of interrelated narratives, starting with the tale of a criminal who's just barely cheated death—along with other human characters both alive and undead, as well as fantastical creatures. (Feb. 28)
Advertisement
$45 Infernal Parade 4 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Revenger by Alastair Reynolds
In a time when much of the galaxy has been reduced to rubble, crews of space pirates travel between abandoned planets, stripping and scavenging whatever they can. It's a competitive existence—particularly when the “buried treasure” turns out to be ancient alien artifacts and weapons. (Feb. 28)
Advertisement
$11 Revenger 27 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
The Voices of Martyrs by Maurice Broaddus
The acclaimed author's latest is a collection of tales that blend scifi, fantasy, and African folklore. (Feb. 28)
Advertisement
The Wrong Dead Guy by Richard Kadrey
The author follows up The Box with another supernatural caper about thief-turned-government-agent Coop, reluctant star employee of the Department of Peculiar Science. The source of chaos this time is an ancient mummy that has somehow escaped its sarcophagus. (Feb. 28)
President Obama's approval rating has ticked up but still weighs down Democrats. The RNC's quest for a data advantage remains a work in progress. And anti-Obamacare ads are still flooding the airwaves. This is HuffPollster for Friday, April 18, 2014.
WILL OBAMA'S APPROVAL RATING RISE IN TIME FOR MIDTERMS? - Jonathan Bernstein, writing earlier this week: "According to the HuffPollster estimate, Obama's approval rating bottomed out at 42.5 percent in the first week of December. He's up to 44.4 percent now [at the time of writing], a 2 percentage-point gain over about four months. We're seven months from Election Day; if the trend continues, Obama could get up to about 48 percent. Of course, the trend could just as well reverse or accelerate. I'm somewhat skeptical that it would make much difference….Four presidents have made it to a second midterm in the polling era. In January 1958, Dwight Eisenhower was at 60 percent approval and was at 52 percent in early November. Ronald Reagan held steady, going from 64 percent in early January 1986 to 63 percent in late October. Bill Clinton was at 59 percent in early January and ended October at 66. And George W. Bush began 2006 with 43 percent approval and slumped to 38 percent by early November. [Bloomberg View, Pollster chart]
BEHIND THE SCENES IN THE RNC'S QUEST FOR DATA SUPREMACY - Jon Ward: "The Republican National Committee, in particular, has staked its reputation -- in the press and with conservative donors -- on becoming the center of data and tech for the GOP….But as the 2014 midterm elections grow nearer, behind-the-scenes, intra-party squabbling has highlighted where the RNC still has a ways to go in using tech to win the future…Beacon [a Republican voter relationship management system] is designed to 'pull' reports from the voter file and to originate lists of voters for workers in the field to contact…The problem, as another RNC official recently admitted on condition of anonymity, is that Beacon 'is not currently operational.'...For now, the RNC is using a program called GOP Data Center, built by FLS Connect, a political data technology company. Data Center was built in 2012 to connect primarily with the door-to-door mobile device application GeoConnect, also built by FLS Connect. But it is harder for Data Center to connect with other applications not built by the company. This has limited the ability of outside users to tap into the resources available in the RNC's voter file, thus limiting the ability of the RNC to continually update and refine that same file….RNC sources acknowledged that Beacon will continue to operate largely in beta mode throughout the 2014 midterm cycle, putting most of the GOP's load on the shoulders of Data Center, which has its own challenges. Fully replacing Data Center likely won't happen until the 2016 cycle." [HuffPost]
OBAMACARE ADS: A ONE MESSAGE ENVIRONMENT - Kantar/CMAG's Elizabeth Wilner: "Number of new anti-'Obamacare' campaign or issue commercials launched since the first open enrollment window closed on March 31: 32. Number of pro-Affordable Care Act campaign or issue ads launched since March 31: 1. The Obama Administration may have reached its CBO-determined enrollment target or come darn close, but that hasn't exactly stopped the ads....The lone pro-ACA ad to hit broadcast TV since open enrollment ended was an ad by the group Put Alaska First. In its efforts to support vulnerable Democratic Sen. Mark Begich (D), the group's ad of April 10 features a breast cancer survivor saying they were initially denied insurance due to “a pre-existing condition,” but, “I now have health insurance again because of Mark Begich.” The ad does not mention the ACA. Unfortunately for the sake of public opinion about the law and Democrats on the ballot, not only are Obamacare foes keeping up the advertising, but we're approaching the peak of Republican primary season. Since March 31, a number of GOP candidates in races for U.S. Senate and governor down to a state senate contest in Alabama have used Obamacare in their attempts to out-conservative their rivals for their respective nominations." [Cook Political]
HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday via email! Just click here, enter your email address, and and click "sign up." That's all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime).
FRIDAY'S 'OUTLIERS' - Links to the best of news at the intersection of polling, politics and political data:
-Maggie Hassan (D) continues to lead their challengers in the New Hampshire governor's race. [UNH]
-Most Americans favor building the Keystone Pipeline [Reason-Rupe]
-Most Americans say they can ill afford to be out of work for more than a month. [Gallup]
-John Sides examines how many seats the GOP is likely to gain in the House in 2014. [Monkey Cage]
-The authors of the "where's Ukraine" survey follow up. [Monkey Cage]
-Charlie Cook argues that fundamentals will give Republicans an advantage in the 2016 presidential race. [Cook Political]
-Nate Silver sees little chance that the national popular vote compact will succeed. [538]
-Pennsylvania voters are the most disadvantaged by the Electoral College. [The Week]
-Brent Benson attempts to adjust polls on the Democratic primary race for governor of Massachusetts governor for the name recognition of the candidates. [MassNumbers]
-More Americans search for "church" around Easter than any other time. [Pew]
-Facebook users are more likely to say the service is getting worse (29 percent) than getting better (20 percent). [Edison Research]
Anti-Bully Critic Cory Bernardi Upset Over Opposition Leader's Name Calling
Cory Bernardi has gone full hypocrite today, lambasting Bill Shorten for ‘name calling' over the Opposition leader calling the noted anti-LGBTQI senator a homophobe. Nevermind Shorten only made the comment after Bernardi crashed their press conference and called Shorten a fraud. Talk about a short memory.
It's disappointing someone seeking to be PM resorts to name calling when confronted with a different policy view. @billshortenmp — Cory Bernardi (@corybernardi) February 24, 2016
While Bernardi hasn't denied the claim (his voting record in the Senate would make that difficult), they were very upset by it. Just watch them get all blubbery when they try to say homophobe mode in the video below.
The most hypocritical part of all this, of course, is that as upset as Bernardi is about being called names himself, they are currently opposing a program to protect gay high school students from bullying and discrimination.
Having successfully petitioned the government into investigating the Safe School Coalition, Bernardi used classic scare tactics to undermine the program's work. Accusing it of indoctrinating children, Bernardi equates preaching tolerance to “propaganda,” pushing a “social engineering agenda” advanced by LGBTI activists.
This despite the fact they support the $245 million School Chaplaincy Program, that despite claims of chaplains being banned from proselytizing has shown incidents of promoting anti-LGBTQI view points.
Meanwhile the internet, never really huge fans of hypocritical politicians, have served Bernardi up with a little plate of piping hot revenge in the form of a fake website corybernardi.com.au. Sporting the slogan “Compassion Lives Here” over a picture of an LGBTQI flag, it is a far cry from the hate filled encyclopedia of conservatism that is Bernardi's actual website… which you will have to find for yourself as we certainly aren't linking to it.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The rate of preterm births in the United States dropped to a 15-year low of 11.5 percent in 2012, according to a report released on Friday, but the country still came in dead last among industrialized nations on this measure of infant health.
The rate reflects six straight years of declines, possibly due to factors such as a drop in smoking among women of childbearing age, said the March of Dimes, the nonprofit group that produced the report.
The improvement comes during an acrimonious, partisan debate in Congress about health insurance centered on President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law.
The Affordable Care Act requires all insurance plans to cover maternity care, spreading the cost of healthy pregnancies across society.
That provision led to a testy exchange on Wednesday when Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, testified before a congressional panel and defended the provision. Republican Representative Renee Ellmers retorted that the maternity requirement “is why healthcare premiums are increasing, because we are forcing (people) to buy things that they will never need.”
The requirement increases premiums for a typical policy about 3 percent, calculated James O'Connor of Milliman, an actuarial firm, in an April report for the health insurance industry.
“We are the only high-income country in the world not to have everyone covered for maternity care,” said Dr Edward McCabe, medical director of the March of Dimes.
Before the ACA, “only 16 percent of plans in the individual market covered women for maternity care,” McCabe said. “Requiring that coverage is a statement about our values as a society.”
$26 BILLION COST
The rate of preterm births peaked in 2006 at 12.8 percent, as women gave birth at older ages and were more likely to carry twins, triplets and higher multiples.
The reasons for the declines are unclear, but several factors likely played a role. The percentage of women of childbearing age who smoke, a risk factor for early labor, fell from 22.5 percent in 2011 to 20.8 percent last year, said McCabe.
The percentage of women in that age group who are uninsured also dipped, from 21.9 percent to 21.3 percent, government data show.
The decrease in preterm births should make a dent in healthcare spending: preemies cost the United States more than $26 billion annually, according to the Institute of Medicine, or $51,600 per preterm baby in 2005.
In the first year of life, medical costs for a baby born before 37 weeks gestation are 12 times those of one born at 40 weeks, a full-term pregnancy.
Those costs continue for years. Preemies can suffer developmental delays, vision loss and cerebral palsy, leading to higher educational costs and lost wages, said McCabe.
The drop in preterm births in the United States since 2006 means that about 176,000 fewer babies were born too soon, calculates the March of Dimes, for an estimated $9 billion savings in health and societal costs.
VERMONT FIRST, MISSISSIPPI LAST
The variation in rates of preterm births among U.S. states is almost as great as that among countries.
Vermont led the nation with just 8.7 percent of births coming before 37 weeks gestation. Alaska, California, Maine, New Hampshire and Oregon had rates of 9.6 percent or lower, the target recommended by the March of Dimes.
At least 80 countries have rates of preterm births below 9.6 percent, according to a U.N. report, “Born Too Soon,” released last year. They include China, Romania, Cuba and Latvia. And every developed country has a rate of preterm births lower than that of the United States, the U.N. report showed.
“I think it's wonderful what the March of Dimes is doing with this report,” said Dr Wanda Barfield, director of reproductive health at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “It's taking us to school in terms of how the U.S. is doing on preterm births: we rank 130th out of 184 countries.”
The states with the highest rates of preterm birth are Mississippi (17.1 percent), Louisiana (15.3 percent) and Alabama (14.6 percent). If they were countries, they would be among the 14 worst of the 184 for which data are available, according to the U.N. report. The global average is 11.1 percent.
Rates also varied by race. Among non-Hispanic blacks, 16.5 percent of births were preterm last year, down from 18.5 percent in 2006 and the lowest in more than 20 years. Among whites, the rate was 10.5 percent.
The high U.S. rate for preterm births is often blamed on the nation's racial, ethnic and economic diversity, said McCabe, “but the California example refutes that.”
California, with half a million births each year, “has an incredibly diverse population, but it set up policies and procedures to make reducing preterm births a priority,” they said.
The full report is available at marchofdimes.com/reportcard
Share. Select from Ryse, Zoo Tycoon, Forza 5, or Dead Rising 3. Select from Ryse, Zoo Tycoon, Forza 5, or Dead Rising 3.
Exit Theatre Mode
Microsoft is offering a free first-party game to some Xbox One users affected by hardware problems. Microsoft said in a statement, "While a replacement console is on its way, we want to ensure our advance exchange customers can stay in the game. We will provide each of them with a free digital download of one of the launch titles published by Microsoft Studios."
A digital copy of the selectable games -- you'd receive one copy of Forza Motorsport 5, Dead Rising 3, Ryse: Son of Rome, or Zoo Tycoon -- will still play on a machine with a malfunctioning disc drive, of course. In addition, Microsoft is replacing hardware at a faster rate than usual with its advance exchange program; Microsoft is sending replacement units before users mail out their faulty machines for repair.
If you're having troubles with your Xbox One, consult the Xbox One Problems wiki page, or call 1-800-4-MYXBOX for support.
Exit Theatre Mode
Mitch Dyer is an associate editor at IGN. He's currently reading Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut. Talk to them on Twitter at @MitchyD.
Well, it finally happened.
Donald Trump made their long-awaited pivot, and truly became a Republican this week. Their spokesperson, Sean Spicer, cast off any notion of daylight between the White House and the Obamacare “repeal and replace” bill put forward by the House once it was released from its secret basement birthing room and rushed through the Ways and Means committee at 4:30 Thursday morning on a party line vote. Spicer said the president is in “sell mode” for the plan. That means Team Trump now fully owns this mess—let's call it TRyancare, a name as unwieldy as the plan itself—alongside the Republican Party.
It clearly doesn't matter to Trump or to the drafters of the draconian bill, adorably named the American Health Care Act so that it sounds almost exactly like the Affordable Care Act, that it breaks every promise the president made to their supporters on the campaign trail. Or that it can only loosely be called a “health care plan,” because it actually reduces health care for the poor, the working class, rural hospitals, and the elderly to pay for a massive tax cut for the rich and large corporations and hands an extra $70 million or so a year to health insurance company CEOs. Or that the analysts at S&P Global Ratings estimate that Paul Ryan's Rosemary's baby will strip health care from 6 to 10 million Americans right off the bat. Or that pretty much everyone on Capitol Hill hates it. Trump sees the opportunity to demonstrate their “art of the deal” skills—perhaps he'll finally get around to reading the book about it that Tony Schwartz ghostwrote for him—and so it's time to sell, sell, sell!
Perhaps Trump can use Spicer's trick and explain to all those coal miners who Paul Ryan wants to leave without coverage for black-lung disease that the bill is awesome because it prints out in a really short stack. Or maybe they can just scream “Planned Parenthood!” at some more “thank you rallies” to get the church people worked up in favor of TRyancare.
However they sell it, by fully backing Ryan's bill, Trump has signed onto a Republican dream that's older than they are—of stopping or killing universal health care and nearly every other form of federal assistance to the needy.
Republicans fought tooth and nail to stop FDR from enacting Social Security, even likening it to slavery (or as Ben Carson sees it, alt-immigration) though in the end most of them wound up voting for it.
The American medical lobby fought against the creation of Medicare and Medicaid, backed by conservative Republicans like Barry Goldwater and then-actor Ronald Reagan, who in 1961 called those programs “socialized medicine” that would be the death knell of freedom.
At the root of Republican opposition to federal government aid to the poor and the elderly is a proposition that Paul Ryan telegraphs every time they open their mouth and fixes their soulless eyes on the cameras. Ryan and their ilk, as they explained in their chart-filled presentation Thursday, believe it is wrong; a moral hazard no less, to make healthy people pay for sick people's health care—which not so incidentally is how insurance works—or to tax wealthier people to pay for benefits for poorer folks.
They believe that the federal government's only responsibility is to ensure robust overall economic growth, which in their view is accomplished through tax cuts for the super-rich and big businesses. After that, each member of society must figure out on their own how to make that growth work for them. If they can't, either because their rich employers won't pay them a decent wage or they lose their job, then in the view of the economic Darwinists who control the Republican Party's establishment, libertarian and tea party wings, it should be private and religious charities, and not the taxpayer, that step in to help those who many on the right view as mostly lazy drug addicts and “illegals” dreaming of American welfare.
Conservative guru Barry Goldwater, talking about Medicare and Medicaid in 1964, famously said: “Having given our pensioners their medical care in kind, why not food baskets, why not public housing accommodations, why not vacation resorts, why not a ration of cigarettes for those who smoke and of beer for those who drink?”
Today's Republicans, from the full-on “let granny die in the E.R.” repealers to the “hand granny a voucher and wish them the best of luck” replacers, have been guided by this core philosophy since the party morphed from one of freedom for the enslaved under Abraham Lincoln to one of freedom for the super rich from the burdens of taxation, regulation or caring in any way for the poor under Calvin Coolidge. No matter how today's Republicans talk about a fictional ACA “death spiral,” they are soldiers in the same long war not on poverty but on the poor.
Thanks to nearly 40 years of right-wing talk radio, Republicans have been able to convince their base, even the poorest among them, of the general rightness of this philosophy. But what Donald Trump exposed during the Republican primaries is that base Republicans have never been fully on board. Instead, what Trumpism revealed is that the GOP base believes the government should absolutely help those who are down on their luck; it's just that they want the feds to limit that assistance to those the Trumpists deem “worthy”—to “real” Americans, like them. They wholeheartedly believe in what we errantly call “entitlements”—they just want them withheld from immigrants and others (read: minorities) they consider to be stealing from them.
Trump promised these people they and Republicans would repeal Obamacare and replace it with “something terrific” that would not let people (read: them) “die in the street.” But apparently, Steve Bannon and the white nationalist kakistocrats running the White House forgot to let Paul Ryan in on that part of the plan—or maybe they left them dangling on purpose, so he'd take the fall.
That leaves Republicans fighting amongst themselves over whether their “repeal and replace” bill is too blatantly cruel to get them re-elected (see: Rob Portman of Ohio, Colorado's Cory Gardner, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Tom Cotton of Arkansas, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska); or not nearly cruel enough (Rand Paul, the House “freedom caucus,” Bannon alumni association Breitbart.com, the Tea Party, the Koch brothers, and the right-wing think tanks, who want the entire HCA torn out root and branch, pre-existing conditions rules included). Still others, led by Jason Chaffetz, are just scrambling to stop embarrassing themselves on television while explaining the bill. For Ryan, the best course of action is to ram through their House bill before even more Republicans get cold feet.
So here's the answer for those who've wondered why Speaker Ryan has been wearing that empty-eyed MAGA grin since last fall. It's because they and their Ayn Randian fellow travelers view Trump the same way Steve Bannon does: as merely the vehicle by which their long-desired plans can be enacted.
Just as Bannon foresees Trump's name affixed to their dream of turning the United States into a 1930s style hypernationalist Christian ethnostate; in Ryan's vision, it is Trump whose signature enacts Ryan's dream of repealing the 20th century. In the Ryan dreamscape, Trump's tiny hands will sign the bills that extinguish not just Obamacare, but also Medicare, Medicaid, and maybe even Social Security. And then Trump will be the one to convince the restless white working class that gutting the safety net was good; or at least that the bread and circuses—the persecution of immigrants, Muslims, trans teens, and black people unfolding on Fox News and on their Facebook feeds, and the wall springing up along the southern border, albeit paid for by American taxpayers—makes the pain of losing their health care or going bankrupt paying for emergency surgery worth it.
And now, Donald Trump is on board with Ryan's sales plan.
So we'll soon find out whether the Republican base—which is absolutely devoted to Donald Trump, seemingly no matter what they do (75 percent of Republicans in the latest Quinnipiac poll strongly approve of their performance while majorities of every other group disapprove)—is so besotted that they are prepared to sacrifice their own health and that of their children and their elderly parents for their cause.
Republicans had better hope so. Because whatever comes of this shambolic process of repealing and replacing Obamacare, and however loudly some GOPers protest that they simply want to save social insurance programs from the horrors of increased funding by Democrats, Republicans are in this TRyancare mess together.
A former reporter for The New York Times said Thursday the newspaper "basically . . . killed" an investigative story 10 years ago that top Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein had faced multiple accusations of sexual harassment from several actores and former women employees.
"I also did an investigative story for The New York Times about 10 years ago when I covered Hollywood for them," Sharon Waxman, who now is founder and publisher of The Wrap, told Jake Tapper on CNN. "And the story basically got killed.
"But it was many of the same kinds of things that I discovered in my reporting in Rome, in London," they added. "It ended up being turned a different way — and a lot of pressure was applied to not let that story appear."
The Times reported Thursday that Weinstein, 65, has reached at least eight legal settlements over the accusations — from actores including Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan, and from former employees of Weinstein Co. and their first company, Miramax.
The allegations span over nearly three decades, according to the report.
Weinstein, a Democratic Party megadonor, told the Times in a statement they were working with therapists and was planning to take a leave of absence to "deal with this issue head on."
"I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it," they said in the statement.
"Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go."
Waxman, who founded The Wrap in 2009, cautioned Tapper that "I have known Harvey for a very long time.
"I consider them somebody we cover, but also a friend — but at the same time in the way that these things kind of work in this business.
"A lot of money has been paid over the years and there are nondisclosure agreements," they added. "So, we don't really know a lot of the details."
But a memo detailing allegations written to Weinstein Co. executives in 2015 by Lauren O'Connor, a former assistant, was "a much more substantive accusation," Waxman said.
They added the "very permissive culture" in Hollywood that has accepted sexual harassment for years was now changing and women were become more outspoken.
"The other thing that's going on is the culture has changed," Waxman told Tapper, "and the culture is not as accepting.
"The culture does not accept this kind of behavior anymore — and women are much more emboldened to speak out whereas they were afraid to in the past."
Westminster Christmas party season is in full swing. Half the Cabinet dropped by the Sky News bash at the Intercontinental last night. Mick Hucknall was also there, which was odd.
The big news of the evening came when the head of Sky News, Jon Riley, confirmed that all three party leaders have now officially agreed to TV debates at the next election. Details were sparse because there appears to be deadlock over formats, timings and even the number of debates. The debates are on, though. Officially. In some form.
It was a busy old evening for political-ornithologists. Tim Yeo lurked in the corner, looking glum. Chris Bryant refused to ‘twerk' with Guido Fawkes. Keith Vaz was peacocking-about: evidently invigorated by their earlier battle with Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger at the Home Affairs Select Committee. Francis Maude looked like they were plotting something dark and devious. Meanwhile, four Labour MPs elected in by-elections arrived together, huddled together and then barely spoke to anyone else. They're still getting used to all this, it seems.
Vince Cable was in attendance, which is bizarre given that they are the Business Secretary and a British trade delegation is touring China. But I am assured that the Sage of Twickenham remained in London this week because they will be wooing India next week. Lucky them.
Some obvious faces were missing, not least the Treasury ministers. It seems that the cogs are still whirring at No.11 before tomorrow's Autumn Statement. No such problem for Ed Balls, who was working the room hard, fuelled by a glass of white wine (having turned down the champagne). Obviously we can expect the usual knackered script when they reply to Osborne.
The biggest debt currently owed to the Student Loans Company is £66,150, the BBC has learned.
Freedom of Information request has revealed that the total sum of the 20 largest student debts is over £1m.
All but one of the students went to London institutions, where loans for living costs are higher, and were on courses that lasted a minimum of five years, such as medicine and law.
Universities Minister David Willetts said the amounts owed were "unusual".
If these people were training to become lawyers or doctors they were likely to have substantial earnings later on in life, they told BBC Radio 4's Money Box programme.
Higher future debts predicted
At the moment, the maximum tuition fee a university or college can charge in England is £3,290 a year, and students can take out a tuition fee loan to cover the cost.
Students can also receive a maintenance loan to help with their living costs: most students can borrow up to almost £5,000 a year, but students in London can borrow more - almost £7,000 a year.
But the maximum tuition fee loan in England will go up to £9,000 in September 2012, and maintenance loans will also rise.
Student debts could then reach £83,000 when the new system is introduced in England in 2012.
Figures calculated by leading accountants, show that a student borrowing £39,000 for a three-year course could pay back more than double that amount in total, in cash terms.
Universities have money to help students who are in financial difficulties; bursaries, the Access to Learning fund and scholarships Lynne Condell, Chair of NASMU
'Graduate tax'
Mr Willetts accepted that the loans would take longer to be repaid under the new system, but they said monthly payments would be smaller.
"Under the proposed new system, you will pay 9% on all your earnings over £21,000, instead of the current threshold of £15,000," they said.
"If you earned £25,000, repayments would be about £30 a month.
"The burden of the monthly repayment is what really matters to people."
They conceded the new proposals would constitute a "graduate tax".
Managing repayments
Students should not be put off by the headlines, according to Lynne Condell, who chairs the National Association of Student Money Advisers.
They said the monthly repayments are manageable and that going to university is an investment.
"There's so much value in going to university. It's not just about the money - it's a life-changing experience," they said.
Students should plan their finances ahead and look for alternative benefits and support, Ms Condell advised.
"Universities have money to help students who are in financial difficulties; bursaries, the Access to Learning fund and scholarships, which hopefully will still be available in 2012," they said.
"If students have mortgages or children, or have a disability, lots of support is available to them, but nothing is given automatically, so students should seek advice to check which benefits they are eligible for."
Under the new system, which starts in September 2012 any unpaid debt will be written off after 30 years.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
This Sharknado post is for people who have seen at least the first three posts about this film in their Facebook/Twitter feeds. It is written from the point-of-view of someone who has seen the film and for the benefit of fans of the film. All discussion points are valid, up to and including the events of those last 15 minutes (you know the ones). If you would still like to read the review but haven't seen the film, thus, you can, but you should proceed with caution because shit is about to get real.
Advertisement
Every so often, something comes along that puts a skip in your step, makes your heart flutter, and sets your imagination ablaze with possibility. It might be a song, or a place, or even just a smile. If you're really lucky, though, it'll be a swirling mass of bloodthirsty sharks.
Sharknado is the latest schlockfest from Asylum Films, the production company responsible for such gems as Hillside Cannibals, Nazis At The Center of the Earth, and Mega Shark Vs. Giant Octopus (but surprisingly, not Sharktopus). Asylum knows and relishes its B movie material—the campier, the gorier, the downright hackier, the better. And so, armed with a dream and a budget of just $1 million, Asylum brought us the gloriously basic Sharknado.
The thing about Sharknado is that all it needed to be successful was to include a tornado of sharks. That's it! It could've done nothing but show us a sharknado for two hours straight, and millions of SyFy fans would have walked away satisfied. But since that probably would have cost 10 times its already miniscule CGI budget, Sharknado throws a little story in the mix, too. Does it blame the sharknado on global warming and reference a real instance of fish falling from the sky to justify the premise? Of course. Does any of it matter? Of course not. Anyone watching Sharknado for the realism probably does the same with Big Brother.
Advertisement
Before we get to the sharknado event itself, though, we meet the perfectly typical cast of characters. Our hero is “Raw Surfing Champion Finley ‘The Fin' Shepherd,” or as they will henceforth be referred to, “Ian Ziering.” Ian Ziering is a carefree playboy whose interests include surfing, bartending, and having complicated-ish feelings about morality or whatever. Their daughter hates him, their son's pilot skills will be super handy come ‘nado time, and their ex-wife is played by Tara Reid, because Sharknado is nothing if not self-aware.
Ian Ziering's best friend and jet ski partner probably has a name, but more importantly, they have a vaguely Australian accent that means he's The Fun One. If you like your shark attacks with a side of period blood jokes, The Fun One's your guy (spoiler: they are not my guy). Meanwhile, there's Ian Ziering's loyal waiter Nova (Make It or Break It's Cassie Scerbo). She's fiercely independent, as evidenced by the fact that they named themselves “Nova.” Still, they would rather not talk about the mysterious scars on their leg, at least not until they can get a quiet moment to tearfully confess their shark-riddled past to the hot dude she'll end up with. Then there's pervy barfly George, played by veteran actor John Heard, because Sharknado is nothing if not accommodating.
Much like the writhing masses plaguing Los Angeles, Sharknado moves at an unbelievably fast pace. Ian Ziering gets about three seconds of surf and flirt time in before a shark drags the cute girl in the wetsuit under the surface. Next thing you know, Nova's stabbing a shark in the bar, and they're running from a loose Ferris wheel, and everything's crumbling under the weight of the impending sharkpocalypse, and oh man, it is on.
Advertisement
There are flirts and fights and reconciliations, but more importantly, there are sharks. Sharks leap through windows, cling to car roofs, and tear through Tara Reid's snotty boyfriend the second he's scoffing, “Sharks in the swimming pool? Impossible!” Sharks get flung into a tangle of telephone wires and fry like a mosquito on a porch light. Sharks circle a school bus full of children and The Brady Bunch's Cousin Oliver, patiently waiting for Ian Ziering to be the last man standing before they strike. Granted, there is plenty of creative editing around the sharks, since the budget keeps prolonged shark time to a minimum. The most egregious example is when Ian Ziering drives everyone around a series of waves and seems super psyched about how cool that particular maneuver was, but we just watch them drive instead of seeing the stunt at all.
But all is forgiven once the sharknado itself comes roaring through the skyline. It's not a stunning graphical achievement by any stretch of the imagination—hell, it's not even a decent one—but it's a tornado full of sharks and that's all that matters. Hilariously, Ian Ziering's son Matt makes their debut over halfway through, but he's the one to come up with the Master Plan to destroy the sharknado. They even get Nova's inevitable admission that they were a shark attack victim (Matt's response: “Now I hate sharks, too.” Now?!). So he's understandably devastated when Nova tumbles out of the helicopter halfway through the Plan and into the waiting jaws of a Great White, but still not as devastated as I was. What the hell were they doing, killing off the spunky love interest with 10 minutes to go? Didn't they know movie protocol?!
But then, in a stunning sequence of unadulterated camp, Sharknado proves it knows what it was doing. A successful B movie not only embraces its more ludicrous tendencies, but finds a new, even campier angle to exploit. It acknowledges that it's ridiculous even while the characters, facing a shark or a sharktopus or a sharknado, don't. In the case of Sharknado, it sends Ian Ziering into the belly of a Great White with a chainsaw so they can cut themselves out of the Great White with a chainsaw, and then drag the presumed dead Nova out with them since it turns out they both got swallowed whole by the same Great White because sometimes life hands you awesome, and it's called Sharknado.
Advertisement
Stray observations:
The writer responsible for Sharknado is Thunder Levin. Their only IMDB trivia: “Thunder is their real name.”
Time for a Jaws reference count! Ian Ziering feeds a shark a scuba tank and shoots it in the face; “six people went in the water that day, and one little girl came out”; “we're gonna need a bigger ‘copter.” (That last one made as little sense as it sounds.) Please refer any others I missed to the comments slash my father, who will be least pleased.
Hey, it's Los Angeles!: “Take the 10 to the 405, it's elevated and you're almost in Beverly Hills.” “I hate the 405.”
Hey, it's Los Angeles! Part Two: The scenelette devoted to ducking flying letters from the Hollywood sign made me laugh to the point of tears. Cousin Oliver's “my mom always said Hollywood would kill me” came very close to ruining it.
Shark movies are great because they can all be boiled down to, “Sharks? What sharks?” [enter sharks] [death]
Favorite Shark That Wasn't the One to Swallow Ian Ziering Whole: The one that fell out of nowhere onto the kid who just had their arm eaten. Tough luck, bro.
MVP goes to George's barstool, even though it killed them in the end.
My Sharknado viewing partner watches movies almost exclusively to hear people yell, “What the hell is that?!” and “Go go go!!” They were very satisfied.
“That's a tiger shark.” “How do you know that?” “Shark Week.”
“We'll stand and fight. We can't just wait for sharks to rain down on us.”
“Get home safe, everybody. Don't forget Taco Tuesdays!”
Australian citizen Adam Koessler was arrested on January 2 for administering medicinal cannabis to their two year old daughter, Ruma Rose, who has been diagnosed with and is suffering from Stage 4 Neuroblastoma, a common childhood cancer.
Ruma Rose had a 50 percent chance of survival and received aggressive chemotherapy treatment for an 11cm cancerous tumor, which was inflicting pressure upon their internal organs.
Given such drastic and devastating statistics concerning their daughter's life, Koessler went in search of alternative treatment, which ultimately led to them dosing their child with cannabis oil. After administration, Koessler said that the oil had a “miraculous” effect on Ruma's condition.
The effectiveness of the treatment comes as no real surprise to anyone who's been paying attention. Multiple studies have given scientific confirmation of the anti-tumour action of cannbinoids, such as THC and CBD, which are found in the cannabis plant. The potential of concentrated cannabis to treat various cancers is also increasingly apparent via the numerous individual testimonials that can be found online and catelogued in some medical marijuana dispensaries.
Unfortunately, regardless of how effective cannabis was at keeping Adam's daughter alive, it remains illegal in Australia. Upon travelling to Brisbane to pursue further treatment for their daughter, Koessler was arrested in a hospital. They were charged with supplying dangerous drugs to a person under the age of 16 and possessing dangerous drugs.
Koessler's bail conditions prevent them from being in either direct or indirect contact with their daughter. Considering that their daughter is in such a fragile and delicate state, many have rallied behind Adam, referring to their charges as ‘'inhumane and unjust.”
Adam appeared in front of the Brisbane Magistrates court on January 20, 2015 to face the charges. The outcome of the court proceedings is unclear at the time of publication.
On January 21, Adam reportedly arrived at the hospital to visit their daughter. While this was against the terms of their bail and officers were called, they were allowed to stay by their side, as reported by the UK's Daily Star.
A petition has been set up via the website Change.org in support of Koessler's situation. The petition calls for leading politicians to drop the case against Adam, and outlines the clear medicinal qualities that Cannabis harbors, as the BBC reported.
As the petition explains, is clear that this man was acting from a place of educated compassion in an attempted to improve the chances of their daughter's survival as they face a vicious and damaging disease.
The petition has currently reached over 140,000 signatures, with a goal of 150,000.
So far $14,000 has been raised to aid Adam Koessler in paying their legal fees and over 52,000 people have liked the Facebook page promoting theirs cause.
The laws in place due to the global War on Drugs, especially pertaining to cannabis, withhold potentially life-saving medicines from the public. They victimize families and potentially destroy the lives of those who have to break these laws in times of desperation. It's time to rethink our drug policies.
Russian flight engineers perform maintenance on the Int'l. Space Station. (AP Photo/NASA)
(CNSNews.com) – Russia will charge the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) $71 million to transport just one American astronaut to the International Space Station (ISS) aboard its Soyuz spacecraft in 2016.
That's more than triple the $22 million per seat the Russians charged in 2006, according to a July 8 audit report by NASA's inspector general. (See NASA IG-13-019.pd)
NASA spent $60 billion of U.S. taxpayer dollars to help build the ISS and that figure would increase to $100 billion if the cost of using space shuttles to assemble the ISS was factored in, the IG report noted.
NASA still contributes $3 billion annually to cover the space station's operating costs, and signed an agreement to provide the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space an additional $15 million annually “to manage non-NASA research on the ISS.”
But NASA has little choice but to pay Russia's inflated ticket prices. Ever since August 2011, when the U.S. space agency mothballed its 30-year-old space shuttle program, NASA has had no way of getting American astronauts to the space station. The Russian Soyuz is now “the only vehicle capable of transporting crew to the ISS,” the IG report noted.
Space shuttle Atlantis is retired on Nov. 2, 2012 in Cape Canaveral, Fla. (AP Photo)
Monopoly has its advantages. In 2006, the price tag for the one seat NASA purchased on the Soyuz was $22 million. Four years later, the Russians increased the cost to $25 million. It went up again - to $28 million - in the first half of 2011.
“During the second half of 2011, the price per seat jumped to $43 million. The price has continued to increase. For example, the price of purchased seats for launches in 2014 and 2015 are $55.6 million and $60 million, respectively,” the audit report noted.
“In April, NASA signed another deal with Russia valued at $424 million for six additional seats to carry NASA astronauts to the Station during 2016 through June 2017, and the price per seat has increased to $71 million” – more than triple what the Russians charged in 2006.
NASA's attempts to “end its reliance on the Soyuz for crew transportation to the ISS” is not only due to concerns about the escalating costs, the IG noted. “Reliance on the Soyuz limits the amount of research conducted on the ISS because the Soyuz does not have the capacity to support the maximum number of crew members that can inhabit the Station.”
Because of the Soyuz's three-person capacity, and the need to keep two Soyuz capsules at the ISS at all times in case the need for emergency evacuation arises, only six crew members can safely live aboard the ISS at any particular time. But this greatly limits the amount of time the space station crew is able to devote to scientific research, the main mission of the ISS.
“According to the ISS Program Office, a seventh crew member could potentially add about 33 hours per week to the current amount of crew time devoted to research – a 94 percent increase,” according to the report.
But CASIS was only able to enroll 50 paid members in fiscal year 2012, collecting “a total of $3,200 in membership fees.” And NASA's attempts to enlist commercial partners through its 2010 Commercial Crew Program has had only limited results thus far.
Attracting private investment for the ISS is proving difficult, the IG noted, in part because “less costly ground-based research options may be available in some cases,” and “potential users may be reluctant to allocate funds towards research when the likelihood of profitable results is risky.”
Jessica Layton, who has been a news personality at WNYT (NBC-13) since 2007, is leaving to take a reporting job at WCBS-TV in New York City at the end of June.
Layton announced on their Facebook page that this “is my last full week of work at NewsChannel 13. Andrew, CJ and I will be starting a new adventure, as I begin reporting for WCBS-TV in New York City at the end of June. We are excited for what's next, but there's no place like home … My last day at WNYT is June 1.”
In 2009, WNYT installed Layton as co-anchor of its 11 p.m. newscast, replacing Lydia Kulbida. Layton grew up in Burnt Hills and is a 2003 graduate of Syracuse University.
 They are married to Andrew Catalon, a former WNYT sports reporter who is now working for CBS Sports.
Written nearly seven decades before the advent of Google Image Search and Flickr, magazine art director M.F. Agha's 1937 rant against photography clichés, from the International Center of Photography's library collection, makes even more sense in the image-saturated present. An accomplished photographer himself, Agha brought imagery by well-known artists, including photographer Edward Steichen and painter Charles Sheeler, to the pages of Vanity Fair and Vogue, and their oath seems to call out works by some of the era's top photographers: “cabbages cut in half,” for instance, is likely a nod to Edward Weston, while mentions of “plaster casts of Greek statues” and a “picture of an egg” probably refer to works by Paul Outerbridge. In 1931, Agha called Outerbridge a “pioneer,” before hitting on a theme that underlies this oath of six years later: “There is indeed a great similarity between the symbolic guitar of Picasso repeated in countless canvases of the followers — and the symbolic eggs of Outerbridge, equally popular with photographers who decided to ‘go modern.'” Given their apparent admiration for such photographers, the title of their manifesto, then, reads as a twist on the physician's oath, only they vow to “first do no harm” to the legacies of true innovators.
Image used with permission.
• 'For the record: I don't need glasses … that's Chris Foy' • 'On the plus side I've learned some new four-letter words'
Search for Sir Chris Hoy's name on Twitter and you will usually get little more than cycling news and the odd admiring reference to the Olympic champion's muscular thighs. But on Sunday evening Hoy became the victim of a cascade of abuse.
"Chris hoy is a joke," tweeted @MiniMarvel2. "Unbelievable. Chris Hoy is so shit!" wrote @Danno__1. "Chris Hoy should just quit! What an embarrassment!" opined @R0BCR0UCH.
What was Hoy's crime? A terrible performance on the track perhaps? Had they taken to the velodrome on a bike fitted with stabilisers? Attempted the keirin on a tricycle? In fact, the four-time Olympic gold medal winner was the victim of a case of mistaken identity.
For Chris Hoy, read Chris Foy.
The Premier League referee had played a controversial role in Tottenham Hotspur's defeat at Stoke City on Sunday. Though they awarded Spurs a penalty in the second half, they turned down several more plausible penalty claims, wrongly ruled a Emmanuel Adebayor goal offside and in the final minutes sent off Tottenham's Younes Kaboul. They were therefore the object of much anger from Spurs fans. Or rather Hoy was.
"Referee was absolutely disgusting. Chris Hoy you absolute scumbag," wrote @JoshuaHodges94. "Chris Hoy is easily the worst referee in the Premier league," tweeted @dukemedia_uk. "Chris hoy! Well done you got bullied by the fans and stoke players. Your weak and pathetic," was @happyhowell1's view.
To be fair, Spurs fans were not the only ones guilty of mixing up their Foys and their Hoys. "Would like to thank Chris Hoy for helping us rob Tottenham. Merry Christmas to you too! Goooarn Stoke," tweeted Stoke fan ScottRichardss.
For their part Hoy seemed to take the abuse with good-natured amusement. "Just for the record 1) I don't need glasses and 2) I do not lead a double life as an English premier league ref. That's Chris Foy," Hoy, who seemed to have enjoyed the confusion so much they went in search of examples, tweeted in the early hours of Monday morning.
When the criticism continued unabated they added on Monday afternoon: "Still getting some rather amusing grief from Spurs fans! On the plus side I've learned some new 4-letter words today. #FoyNotHoy."
The #FoyNotHoy hashtag was soon trending in the UK as fans of other clubs got wind of the mix-up.
Hoy will have to pray the referee avoids controversy for the remainder of the season, while it has to be hoped that Foy will be on the social networking site in time to receive congratulations on their medal-winning success at the London Games.
Sophomore - WR - 6'1 180 - Pompano Beach, Fla
Last season Coley contributed a significant amount on both offense and special teams. They compiled 33 receptions for 591 yards and 7 touchdowns. They were also the only FBS player to record a touchdown via receiving, rushing, punt and kickoff return.
The former 4-star prospect was known for their explosiveness coming out of high school, but people were not sure how their game would translate to the next level. Well, it is safe to say that their game has translated just fine.
Watch their exhilarating punt return against Duke last season:
Summary: After watching them run past defensive backs throughout their first-year student season, it is not hard to come to the conclusion that they will be a major part of Miami's offensive plans this coming season. The only way I can see their game not improving, would be the lack of production coming from the quarterback position. With the injury to senior quarterback Ryan Williams, there is no clear-cut starter for Miami's season opener against Louisville. If for some reason the quarterback can not consistently throw them the ball, Coley will still have special teams to show off their rare explosiveness.
Close friends of Bill Belichick seem to think that the Patriots coach, in their 18th season in Foxborough, is going to call it quits soon.
In a story from ESPN: The Magazine about how much longer Tom Brady might play, the longevity of Belichick also came up, and it sounds like the Patriots coach might soon be ready to put the NFL grind behind him.
According to the story, Belichick's friends believe that he'll only coach for two or three more years, which would keep them on the Patriots sideline until 2019 or '20. Although the thought of Belichick retiring might sound crazy, the truth is, there's not a lot left for them to accomplish.
At 65, Belichick already has the most playoff wins in NFL history, the most Super Bowl wins by any coach and they even have a perfect regular-season under their belt. The only thing left that Belichick could possibly even think about doing is becoming the NFL's all-time winningest coach. However, it would probably take at least five more seasons of coaching for Belichick to top Don Shula's all-time record of 347 wins (including playoffs).
Through eight weeks this season, Belichick has 269 career victories, which means they would need 78 to tie Shula. With that goal probably out of reach, it seems that Belichick has decided to spend the next few years making sure the "Patriot Way" remains in place after they retire.
According to the ESPN story, friends believe that Belichick wants to stick around long enough "to ensure that their two sons, Stephen and Brian, both Patriots assistants, are secure, and possibly long enough to establish a truly dynastic succession."
The end is near enough that Belichick apparently gave a potential retirement date to Patriots owner Robert Kraft before Super Bowl LI.
"As long as they want," Kraft said when asked in February how long Belichick might coach. "We have a pact that we don't talk about that. They know and I know. But they won't be done this year."
Belichick was asked about retirement during a CNBC interview in April and they didn't exactly sound like a guy who plans on coaching forever.
"Again, I'm kind of shortsighted here," Belichick said at the time. "I'm good. Certainly good here this year. Good for a while. I like what I'm doing. I enjoy all parts of the game -- the team building, training camp, game days, the excitement of Sunday."
Before Brady turned bionic, there was a thought -- even noted in the ESPN story -- that Belichick might want to try and win a Super Bowl without Brady. However, the Patriots quarterback has made it clear he's not going to retire anytime soon, and based on their stats from this season, it doesn't look like their play is going to fall off anytime soon, either.
By trading Jimmy Garoppolo, it seems Belichick has finally bought into the notion that Brady might actually be able to play until he's 45.
The fitting way for this to end would be for Belichick and Brady to ride off into the sunset together after the 2020 season. At that point, Brady would be 43 and it would give the pair a chance to add to their Super Bowl trophy haul that will be almost impossible for any coach or quarterback to match for the rest of time.
Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL, in 2015. (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
A coalition of pro-abortion-rights and progressive groups is uniting behind a “statement of principles” to push back against Democratic leaders who say they would welcome antiabortion candidates in 2018. It's the latest response to an issue that has repeatedly sparked infighting among progressives since the start of the year, with a new round of recriminations after Rep. Ben Ray Luján (D-N.M.), chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said there was “no litmus test” to run as a Democrat.
“The media has been framing this as a split between Democrats, and that's not what it is,” said Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL, a pro-abortion-rights organization. “Among the rank-and-file groups that make up the majority of the Democratic base, there is really no split on abortion rights.”
But the very existence of the statement has rankled some Democrats who've seen a sort of “Groundhog Day” debacle unfold over abortion rights — similar stories in April, May and then July in which Democratic leaders put up a big tent for people who are antiabortion, only to be blown back by abortion rights groups.
“As long as Republicans control Congress and the White House, a woman's health care, their right to choose and their economic security are constantly at risk, and Democrats must continue to fight back every day,” said DCCC Communications Director Meredith Kelly. “The DCCC is working hard to take back the House so that Democrats can legislate on the values that our party has long held dear. Right now, that means finding candidates who are authentic and represent the values of the party, while fitting a wide variety of districts and connecting with those voters. Primary voters and local groups will ask candidates where they stand on the issues and select their nominees.”
The Lujan flare-up, which began with an interview in the Hill, produced headlines such as “Howard Dean to withhold support if DCCC funds candidates opposed to abortion rights,” “Of Course Abortion Should Be a Litmus Test for Democrats” and “People Are Really Mad at the DCCC for Saying It Will Continue to Fund Pro-Life Candidates.”
Similar stories appeared after Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) campaigned for Heath Mello, a candidate for mayor of Omaha who had co-sponsored antiabortion bills; more appeared after House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) told The Washington Post that not every Democrat needed to “toe the line” on abortion. According to Hogue, each instance accentuated the need for Democrats to reframe the abortion question instead of apologizing for the party's platform.
“If they had given it more thought, they wouldn't be tripping up rhetorically,” Hogue said. “If they'd put in due diligence on the issue, there'd be an easy answer.
The coalition's principles align closely with current Democratic Party positions. “We know we cannot have a real conversation about economic security that does not include the ability to decide if, when, and how to raise a family,” the abortion rights coalition writes. “We recognize that over the last decade there has been a massive erosion of access to abortion and attacks on contraception and we cannot back away from this fight without abandoning people and undercutting core constituencies in our base.”
Those sentiments were endorsed and hammered out by NARAL and Democracy for America; they're endorsed as well by MoveOn.org, the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, Emily's List, the Working Families Party, Ultraviolet, Demos, the American Federation of Teachers, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, the Indivisible Project, Social Security Works and Daily Kos, a blog that unendorsed Mello after learning of their abortion record.
In 2016, Democrats amended their platform to endorse more abortion rights positions than ever. For the first time, the party went on record against the Hyde Amendment, which Republicans and antiabortion Democrats pass every year to bar federal funding for abortion. But according to the only polling on the “litmus test,” few Democrats say they're interested in a fight over whether individual candidates can hold antiabortion views. In a May poll conducted by YouGov, just 28 percent of Democrats said the party should back only candidates who support abortion rights.
Some Democrats, Hogue said, might be personally antiabortion without contravening the Democrats' positions on legal abortion.
“Data shows that lots of people who identify as pro-life believe in legal access to abortion,” Hogue said. “You have people like Mario Cuomo who were staunchly pro-life but never voted that way — and who could speak eloquently about why. Sen. Bob Casey [a Pennsylvania Democrat] seems like a nice guy, but he's winning elections in spite of their pro-life views, not because of them. Voters really respond well to people saying to them, ‘Look, we disagree, but here's why I hold this position.' ”
The principles are reprinted below.
With Fast & Furious 6 currently riding high at the UK box-office, attention is beginning to turn towards the seventh episode in the series, with Vin Diesel revealing that the next film will see the action return to LA.
The last two films have seen Diesel and the gang gunning their engines all across the globe, but according to the star, he's keen to see the franchise return to its roots for part seven.
“I told the Universal people there was no way we were not having a Los Angeles premiere,” said Diesel of the sixth film. “One other thing: for Fast & Furious 7 , we are bringing it back to Los Angeles!”
We don't know much about how the seventh film will play out plot-wise, although we do know that there will be a new antagonist on the scene, the identity of whom will be known to those who have seen the sixth instalment…
Director Justin Lin has already ruled themselves out of a return for the next episode, with James Wan replacing them in the director's chair. Fast & Furious 7 will open in the US on 11 July 2014, with a UK release date to be confirmed.
OITNB S5 E13 “Storm-y Weather”” is about:
* Riot troops finally breaching Litchfield to bring an end to the riot. As expected, this is not pretty and especially after discovering the body of Humps thing get very nasty. Alison and Janae are two of the first inmates captured.
* The women in the bunker deciding how they will deal with the breach.Some of them stay in the bunker and others (Yoga Jones, Norma, DeMarco, and Nicky leave although Nicky returns).
* Pidge and Ouija aligning with the Nazis and deciding to fight back.
* Angie and Leanne doing increasingly stupider and less sensical things (like setting the records “on fire” even though records are mostly computerized these days).
* Flaritza coming to grips with the end of their Vlogging careers (at least temporarily).
* Chang trading in the port-a-potties for freedom (because apparently even after breaching the prison nobody thought to cover the entire fence line for escapees).
* Nicky helping Taystee and Cindy bring back Suzanne from here near comatose state.
* Doggett & Donuts sitting in their house, hanging out. No, seriously, they watch television and hang out, as if nothing has happened.
* Piscatella admitting their wrongdoing, seeing the error of their ways, and then promptly meeting their maker. Oddly enough, this made me sad.
* The vast majority of the prison being captured, organized in the yard and then moved out. It turns out, as expected, they will be split up and shipped to different facilities (most likely).
* Caputo and Fig informing the CERT team about the pool area after they are told that ten inmates remain missing after the post-riot count ("count" is what is called when officers verify that every inmate is present). The remaining women in Freida's bunker, preparing to be attacked by the CERT team.
5. “We're Ten Short”
The DOC reports to the Governor's aide, Caputo, and Fig that after securing the facility that they have counted multiple times and every time they come up ten inmates short.
Far be it from me to expect a Department of Correction to be able to count, but before they attacked the bunker they were short more than ten inmates.
Except, that makes no sense.
After the facility is declared secure, they are missing the following inmates:
1. Doggett - at Donuts house
2. Chang - God only knows where
3. Blanca - Frieda's bunker
4. Nicky - Frieda's bunker
5. Red - Frieda's bunker
6. Frieda - Frieda's bunker
7. Piper - Frieda's bunker
8. Alex - Frieda's bunker
9. Gloria - Frieda's bunker
10. Suzanne - Frieda's bunker
11. Taystee - Frieda's bunker
12. Cindy - Frieda's bunker
No matter how you count that, they are 12 inmates short. This is really odd because there would be no way the DOC would not know this. They would have an exhaustive count list.
A smart reader suggested that Linda would have been counted which would reduce the number by one. That would make sense except that Linda cannot be counted (which is another real problem). Linda could not be counted because they don't have a lock (also known as a bunk assignment number) or a number. They don't do count by simply counting bodies, they count bodies attached to numbers and locks (which is why they were all aligned in a predetermined order on the yard.
Don't mean to get overly technical, but this is why Linda would never have been thrown on a bus and why the count would never have been officially wrong. Could they lose people, of course, but they would know that they lost people (records are kept on computer backed up on DOC servers and probably also in the cloud just like all other data).
Has to be a continuity error. My suspicion is that someone on the writing staff counted the women in the bunker but forgot that Chang and Doggett slipped out through the fence.
Also wanted to give a quick shout out to Uzo Aduba for their well-deserved Emmy nomination. I am also happy Laverne Cox got recognized, although it is hard to imagine how it happened given how they were barely used at all this season.
4. RIP Desi Piscatella
No, seriously, in an odd way, I feel empathy towards Desi Piscatella. I am not sure I can explain it entirely yet. But, I feel empathy for him.
Part of it probably has to do with my belief that all human beings are extremely complicated. We have seen Desi be brutally cruel, deeply loving, and even (in their own strange way) silly and vulnerable.
It would be easy to write Desi off as a psychopath and forget that they are also the kid whose parents tried to force the gay out of him. That they are the person who deeply loved an inmate and then lost him. Of course, they are also the man who tortured another man to death and who out of pure meanness scalped red and broke Alex' arm.
But there is an even bigger reason not to write Desi off.
Desi represents the point of view of the majority of the public.
Desi is a stand-in for all of those people who love to talk about how great it will be when someone “gets what they deserve” once they get to prison (usually meaning prison rape or a stabbing).
Desi is the physical manifestation of all those people who insist that we treat our prisoners too kindly and aren't tough enough on crime or criminals.
And I deeply care about every person who feels this way, I used to be one of those people myself, and while I vociferously disagree, I don't throw people away.
Malcolm Burrows was eating their lunch in Cape Town, South Africa, when they heard a noise. Thwack! They were sitting next to a small pond surrounding by low-hanging shrubs. Thwack! And the noise kept repeating. Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
It was coming from the water's surface. Looking closer, they could see the reflective surface was pocked by tiny black spots, each jumping quickly from one place to another. They were pygmy mole crickets, insects that are commonly found in warm regions of Florida, South Africa, and Australia.
Using small fishing nets, Burrows and their colleagues caught a few of the insects, took them back into the lab at the nearby Zoology Building and started photographing them with a high-speed camera. Taking a snapshot every 2000th of a second, these instruments were able to capture the finer details of the crickets' acrobatic abilities.
So how were they able to jump from the surface of water, and why is their ability to do so particularly remarkable?
We'll tackle the second question first. As seen in the BBC documentary Life, a few large animals like grebes and Basilisk lizards (aka ‘Jesus lizards') can actually run across the water's surface for short distances.
Their burrows can get flooded if they're not careful
But the real masters of water walking are smaller animals like insects. Water striders and mosquitoes, for instance, can easily float, glide, and walk on water for extended periods.
Insects don't generally jump from water, though. Because of the weak attractions between molecules of water, the surface layer is like sticky elastic to these small animals. Insects struggle to break free from these liquid clutches.
Not pygmy mole crickets, however.
Confusingly, these insects aren't actually crickets. “It's a bit of a misnomer,” says Burrows. “They're much more closely related to grasshoppers.” But they certainly are pygmy, measuring only half a centimetre long.
Like their grasshopper kin on land, these insects have huge hind legs for jumping
Since they live in burrows near ponds and streams, there has been a strong evolutionary pressure for this species to be able to get out of the water. “They live a precarious life,” says Burrows. “Their burrows can get flooded if they're not careful.”
But their biggest danger is their neighbours. “They live next door to larvae of tiger beetles, which are voracious predators,” says Burrows. Without functional wings, they can't fly away. But boy can they jump! Avoiding the hungry mouths of these predators often ends in a splash landing.
So how do they break free from the sticky clutches of the water's surface?
This media cannot be played on your device.
Like their grasshopper kin on land, these insects have huge hind legs for jumping. For pygmy mole crickets, they are so big that they can't use them for everyday walking. Folded at the ‘knee' joint, they remain elevated above the ground waiting to be deployed for their one purpose – jumping. This means that pygmy mole crickets actually use only four of their six legs when it comes to walking.
It doesn't sound like much, but it's like a human jumping over 100ft (30.5m) from a standing start
These hind legs aren't like those of other grasshoppers, however. They are adapted to a life aquatic. As revealed by their high-speed cameras, Burrows showed that when their long legs hit the surface of the water a series of flattened paddles flare outwards.
“And they hugely increase the surface area of the leg,” says Burrows. Like the oars of a boat, this larger surface can then push a greater amount of water and add more oomph to the insect's jump.
After being propelled out of the water at over two metres per second, their paddles are pulled back towards the legs by elastic hinges, streamlining the cricket's takeoff. Once airborne they spin backwards and can reach heights of over 10cms. It doesn't sound like much, but that's like a human jumping over 100ft (30.5m) from a standing start. And from a surface that is inherently trying to pull them down.
How does such a tiny animal produce so much power?
It's all to do with the slow movement of its muscles. Just like an archer slowly pulls a bowstring, pygmy mole crickets gradually contract their leg muscles and store the resultant energy in a region of their knee joint that is both elastic and tough.
As they leave the water, pygmy mole crickets experience G-forces of over 160
“Just like an archery bow that's made out of hardwood and softwood together, those two properties when combined mean that the bow is much stronger and doesn't break,” says Burrows.
Then the pygmy mole crickets let go of this stored energy. “[They're] releasing it suddenly, so all the power is being delivered very rapidly.” The same catapult mechanism is at work in the tongue of chameleons, allowing an otherwise small mass of muscle to produce a tremendous amount of power.
As they leave the water, pygmy mole crickets experience G-forces of over 160. “[We] would pass out at about five,” says Burrows. Their small size, tough exoskeleton, and lack of a circulation system like our own, protects them from any ill effects during lift off. “The performance of these insects is quite staggering.”
Saddam Hussein routinely installed detention rooms in their embassies.
Iraqi officials claim that the dead, deposed Iraqi despot Saddam Hussein kept a torture chamber in the basement of the Iraqi mission at 14 East 79th Street.
If the rumors are true, there was an Iraqi torture dungeon operating for years in one of the city's toniest neighborhoods, near Central Park and directly across the street from the home of billionaire and former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Two Iraqi officials disclosed the existence of what they called a “detention room” to the New York Post on the condition of anonymity. They say that the torture dungeon was frequently in use, with Hussein's menacing Mukhabarat agents keeping New York–based Iraqis locked in the basement for more than two weeks at a time, most often using their imprisonment as a way to compel their families to return to Iraq.
The sources described the chamber as a dark room with reinforced doors, but claimed that there was no need to soundproof it because, chillingly, “You're not going to hear someone screaming down there.”
They described how Hussein's goons would “lay in wait like a snake for the relative to arrive for some ex-pat business and then grab them and lock them into the room.”
While inside, prisoners would be tortured with wire, rubber hosing, and wooden boards, would have their fingernails removed, or would just be severely beaten.
There are even reports that if people died in the detention rooms, Hussein would have their bodies sent back to Iraq in diplomatic shipments, which U.S. customs are legally prohibited from opening.
“If my own finger betrayed me,” said one of the Post's sources, quoting Hussein, “then I would have it removed or cut off.”
Detention rooms like the one in New York were apparently common features in Iraqi embassies and missions all over the world.
And no, you can't visit it. In 2014, during a spirited round of renovation, Saddam Hussein's torture dungeon was converted into a kitchenette.
There are lots of motivational running quotes buzzing around the internet, we've all seen them on Facebook and Twitter. One of my favourite quotes goes something like this: “Excellence is not an act, but a habit“. This concept is what I want to focus on with this post.
How can your running form be improved by reinforcing a number of good habits?
After all, once we hit a fatigued state, habit is all we have left. We revert to default mode!
So how can we improve what our default running mode looks like? Below is a list of my top five areas to work on, to develop your running technique.
1. Feel Every Step
Don't worry. I'm not talking about Barefoot running! Even in conventional running shoes, we can tune-in to the feedback the body receives with every contact with the ground. The feeling of impact we experience with every step, from the soles of our feet, upwards through the knees, hips and back, will intuitively tell you a lot about how you're running. You just need to learn to notice the subtle differences as your running form changes.
Think about it – You've probably noticed how, at the beginning of a long, run your footsteps seem lighter and responsive, compared to the heaver, more sluggish steps you might make when fatigue really sets in and the legs feel heavy.
The goal is to become more aware of the feeling your feet make as they strike the ground. Work on staying relatively light and quick with your contacts, even when fatigued.
2. Use Your Upper Body When Running
It's a big misconception that distance runners should minimise arm usage to conserve energy. In fact, holding your arms passively to the side of your body – which so many runners do – has a significant negative impact on your running form. You should use your arms when running.
Watch children as they grow up. From a crawling movement pattern in early development, to walking, and then running. Our arms and legs move together as parts of the ‘same machine‘. However, something seems to happen to us as we become adults, many of us stop using our arms as we run.
There are a number of drills I use with runners to remind their body that the arms and legs work best when working to the same rhythm. The arms should work to actively maintain a rhythm for the legs.
Again, as we fatigue this becomes important. If you've developed the correct arm action, you can focus on keeping the upper body ticking over in a relaxed manner, which will keep the legs ticking over, and reduce the drop in running cadence that usually comes with fatigue.
3. Think About Your Running Posture
I don't like the cue of telling runners to “run tall”. This often makes runners run too perpendicular to the ground. We want a little forward lean to make use of gravity, to develop some momentum and free speed! Thus, I use the cue “run with a long posture”.
Lengthen your body from ankles to head, maintaining a straight line from top to bottom, when viewed from side on. Then take a slight lean forwards from the ground upwards – not breaking this straight line. You'll feel gravity wanting to pull you forwards slightly.
You'll know when you see a runner doing this wrong. They'll be leaning forwards from the waist, looking like they're sticking their butt out!
Keep this long posture in mind as you run, and don't allow yourself to slouch as you get tired.
4. Find & Maintain Your Rhythm
As mentioned above, running cadence (stride frequency) is key to achieving and maintaining good running form. Shorter, quicker strides at a given pace, reduce impact and braking forces when compared to longer slower strides, at the same running pace. This is all thanks to the way in which these quicker steps land the foot closer to beneath the runner's center of mass.
For many runners, a small increase of 5% in running cadence from “natural” will reduce impact loading and improve running form.
The challenge then is to maintain this slightly increased rhythm as fatigue kicks in. At the point of fatigue, most runners will slow their rate of turn-over and start to over stride – the beginnings of their running form falling apart!
5. Stay Relaxed & Breathe
Easier said than done, at first. Many people run very tense in their shoulders and upper back. This all links in with the point above about use of the arms. I find that those who are the most tense, are also those who hold their arms clamped to their sides, not using them.
Try to feel a relaxed arm swing, with your shoulders back and down – rather than up by your ears!
Having spoken to many runners, it seems that much of the problem with staying relaxed stems from the fact that they haven't developed a comfortable breathing pattern for the pace they're trying to run at.
There is conflicting advice available from different coaches. I usually recommend breathing through nose and mouth combined, to maximise air flow. I use the rhythm of my foot steps and fit my breathing in with this rhythm.
For a steady running pace, up to interval pace I recommend a 2 in : 2 out breathing pattern. When trying to hold the pace back and run easy (recovery run), I find that a 3:2 or 3:3 works well – it makes you slow down!
LAS VEGAS -- Jim Buss' most interesting wager of the week was placed off the Las Vegas Strip.
The Lakers vice president told NBA TV on Thursday that Kobe Bryant might be even futher ahead of schedule in their return from a torn Achilles' tendon than the superstar themselves indicated last week.
"I would bet a lot of money on them coming back in preseason," Buss said during the broadcast of the Lakers' Las Vegas Summer League game against the Milwaukee Bucks at the Thomas & Mack Center. "He's going to come back when they are right. I see them coming back at the beginning of this season."
Bryant, who suffered the injury in April, said last week that they expected to become more active with conditioning in August.
But the Republican Party expresses this antipathy to dependency in vicious ways and in all avenues of public life. The GOP gets particularly vicious when dependency combines with race (eugenics and racism are toxins that have always reinforced each other anyway).
If Sir Francis Galton stood before the GOP in 2017 and asked them what they mean by improvement, they'd have ready answers. To Steve Bannon, it is a ban on Muslim refugees trying to enter this country. To Jeff Sessions, it is stricter voting laws that violate the rights of those who are most dependent on the government. To Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, it is an atrophied public school system and a weak Americans with Disabilities Act. To Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, it is “high-risk insurance pools” for sick Americans. To Vice President Mike Pence, it is legalized discrimination against LGBT people. And to Speaker Paul Ryan, it is the destruction of the welfare state.
Republicans target weakness as energetically as eugenicists did. They have embraced capitalism so fully that they will admit no flaw in it. Confronted with inequality, they tell us the problem lies, not with the system, but with the individual and their incurable deficiencies. “We don't want a dependency culture,” Paul Ryan said in 2013. According to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, Ryan's “Better Way” budget would increase the wealth of America's extreme upper class while prohibiting new funds for the Affordable Care Act and expanding work requirements for welfare recipients. The implications—that the wealthy deserve to be even wealthier, and that the poor are poor because they make bad personal choices—have been long reflected in Ryan's personal views on the subject.
Ryan has since tried to distance themselves from their old intellectual hero Ayn Rand, and from the Objectivist “makers and takers” rhetoric that made them a conservative star. They have even generously conceded that, “Most people don't want to be dependent.” But there is no question that Ryan's policies would exacerbate income inequality. Their welfare reform proposals build on former President Bill Clinton's Personal Accountability and Work Opportunity Act, and we now know that deep poverty nearly doubled after Clinton's welfare policies were implemented.
Race and poverty and disability also intersect in a way that makes the eugenics comparison unavoidable. People with disabilities are disproportionately more likely to live in poverty. Low-income students are disproportionately more likely to drop out of high school. And communities of color suffer the most. According to a new Demos study, the racial wealth gap is so durable that nothing—not Ryan's beloved two-parent households or college degrees or full-time jobs—closes the gap between communities of color and whites. The experiences of people of color provide the clearest proof that poverty is not a symptom of entitled dependency, but of a corrupt system.
Republicans are dedicated to perpetuating that system. Thus they cut welfare for the same reason eugenicists once sterilized the poor: Poor people drain resources better spent elsewhere.
Then there's public education. Trump and Betsy DeVos both champion the expansion of school vouchers and charter schools as a means to promote “school choice” for low-income parents. Vouchers, which enable students to use public funding for the school of their choice, are especially flawed, since they disadvantage students with disabilities. Private schools are exempt from much of the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act, which means they can receive voucher funds while refusing to accommodate students with disabilities. Patchy application erodes the efficacy of anti-discrimination law, but that apparently doesn't trouble DeVos. During their confirmation hearing, they told senators that it should be “up to the states” to require private schools to adhere to the ADA, and it wasn't clear if she'd even heard of the IDEA before entering the chamber.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration has signaled that it would fund a voucher expansion by assigning $20 billion in federal funds to vouchers. According to Chalkbeat, teacher's unions fear that money would most likely come from Title I portability, an old education reform proposal that would reallocate Title I'm funding from public schools. That funding is currently assigned to public schools based on how many low-income students they serve: “The damage would spread through the system, raising class sizes even in non-Title I school, threatening academic enrichment programs, guidance, art and music and other services our children depend on,” the United Federation of Teachers asserted in a press release.
Vouchers reinforce a two-tier educational system: Public schools are for the rabble, and private schools are for the elite.
If DeVos funds a voucher expansion in this manner, without also expanding the reach of the ADA, parents of students with disabilities would be trapped in under-funded, under-equipped public school districts. And that's a throwback to a more discriminatory age of American history. Before the ADA, the IDEA, and the Education for All Handicapped Children Act, children with disabilities weren't guaranteed access to quality public education. Instead, they were frequently confined to institutions or the home; a few attended disability-specific schools. Many were sterilized under eugenics laws.
But the needs of students with disabilities have never dissuaded school choice advocates in the Republican Party (or the Democratic Party, for that matter). The calculus of school choice explicitly excludes them because it must. It relies on the premise that private schools are superior because they are not controlled by the state. Privatization, of course, permits these schools to be more selective than their public alternatives, so vouchers reinforce a two-tier educational system: Public schools are for the rabble, and private schools are for the elite.
That approach harms all Americans, but it's just one of two blows that Americans with disabilities can expect from Republican-controlled government. If the GOP's planned replacement of Obamacare looks anything like Tom Price's “Empowering Patients Act,” people with disabilities will, once again, be at the mercies of private insurance companies.
Price has supported replacing the ACA with age-adjusted tax credits, Medicaid block grants, and high-risk insurance pools for people with so-called “pre-existing” conditions. But the example of welfare reform demonstrates that states typically use block grants as an excuse to underfund aid programs, and high-risk pools have historically failed to meet the needs of Americans with serious or disabling conditions. According to one 2008 study, Kansas's high risk pool left sick Kansans chronically underinsured, and actually increased the number of people dependent on disability payments.
If Price's plan ever becomes federal law, they and their Republican colleagues will force Americans with disabilities back into their traditional role as an inferior class. People with disabilities will live shorter, poorer lives. We already have a real-life example of what this would look like nationally: In Texas, Medicaid cuts have already seriously harmed children with disabilities. “We have had a number of families who have had critical medication denied. We've had families who have had some surgical delays and have been told, sorry, you're not in network,” a representative of Protect TX Fragile Kids told The Dallas Morning News.
Trump's education policies will only make the situation more dire. Many children will be cut off from care, and then cut off from accessible free education, all so Republicans can say they've shrunk government. So long to social mobility, so long to life-saving medical care, so long to any illusion of equality: Republicans will accomplish what the eugenics movement sought to do so long ago.
And I will not be surprised when it happens. On the night of Trump's election I did not sleep. First I thought of my brother, who only has health insurance because of the ACA. Then I stacked questions on top of hours: Should I wait four to eight years to have children? Or do I gamble? And I didn't know the answer. I still don't know the answer.
Trump makes obvious what I and Americans like me already understood: We are in the same vulnerable position that we have always occupied. This won't change as long as we inhabit a world ruled by men who prioritize the free market over human lives. Their ideal society excludes us and every other group ever deemed an obstacle to prosperity. And when they come for us they will call it progress.
How well is American Capitalism working?
The answer to the question depends on who you ask.
If you ask America's corporate executives, their answer is that American Capitalism is working well and would even work better if there were fewer government regulations and if taxes were lowered.
If you ask America's middle class, their answer is that American Capitalism worked better in the past but now it is harder to finance a middle class lifestyle given the high costs of sending students to college and taking care of their parents who failed to save enough money for their retirement.
If you ask working-class Americans, their answer is that they haven't improved their earnings since the 1980s but their expenses have risen dramatically and they can only survive with a credit card and rising indebtedness.
If you ask the 15% of our population living in poverty, their answer is that they can't find a decent job and they survive on food stamps, food kitchens, clothing handouts, and cheap housing or even homelessness.
Markets, left to themselves, do not always lead to efficient or equitable outcomes. Free-market capitalism can lead to monopolistic or oligopolistic industry domination–witness Google, Facebook, Amazon, and Apple. It leads to a growing concentration of income and wealth. The average income for the top 0.01 percent of households grew 322 percent, to $6.7 million, between 1980 and 2015. As of 2015, the data shows that half of all US income went straight into the pockets of the top 10 percent of earners. Thomas Piketty, the economist, predicts that eventually 60 percent of income will go to the top 10 percent of earners.
American Capitalism is largely Free-Market Capitalism where businesses are in private hands and companies are relatively free to make decisions on what to produce, where to produce, what to pay employees, where to sell, and what intermediaries to use in distributing their products and services. Businesses are subject to some regulations to ensure product quality and safety and no harm to the environment.
Capitalism takes on different forms in different countries. Consider two other forms of Capitalism – State Capitalism and Social Capitalism. Ask: what would work better for the majority of Americans?
State Capitalism
Two examples of state capitalism are Russia and China. Both are capitalist systems without democracy led by autocratic rulers. We'll focus on Russia here.
Since the Russian Revolution in 1917, the Russian economy operated as a complete Communist economy until recently. The State owned all the land and businesses, decided on the industries to build and operate, and managed the macroeconomic instruments of taxes, credit and the money supply. The State produced most of the jobs, determined the pay, and set quotas for the annual outputs in most product areas. The Communist economy, instead of producing growing income for the proletariat, ended up producing a wider sharing of misery.
The Cold War ended in 1985 when Mikhail Gorbachev assumed the reins of power in the Soviet Union. Gorbachev introduced the policies of glasnost and perestroika to the USSR. GLASNOST, or openness, meant a greater willingness on the part of Soviet officials to allow Western ideas and goods into the USSR. PERESTROIKA was an initiative that allowed limited market incentives to Soviet citizens.
This started a period of Russian Capitalism culminating today in Putin's Russia. The Russian government controls about 65% of the Russian economy through state-owned enterprises and state owned banks. The Russian government's role in other industries vary from 50% in oil production, 27% in electronic hardware, 15% in telecommunications, down to 0% in steel production. Putin has promised to reduce the government's role in the economy by privatizing state-owned enterprises. But paradoxically, Russia is currently consolidating other industries and buying back some privatized companies.
Private business companies in Russia are monitored by numerous federal, regional and local bodies for tax-collecting and law enforcement. Bribery is extensive. There is very low business confidence, especially among small entrepreneurs. Russia now has 96 billionaires. Russian business people keep their money abroad even as Russia desperately needs private investment for upgrading industries and infrastructure. The owners of Russian oligopolies keep top state officials on their payroll or make them confidential beneficiaries of their businesses.
This system has not led to producing better lives for most Russians. A few gained extreme riches and the many live with low pay and great uncertainty.
Social Capitalism
The Nordic community – Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland – practice a form of capitalism known as Social Capitalism. This includes a combination of free market capitalism with a comprehensive welfare state and collective bargaining at the national level. The four characteristics of Nordic Capitalism are:
· A commitment to widespread private ownership, free markets and free trade. Most of the production and distribution system is in private hands.
· The government supports individual autonomy and social mobility. It supports its citizens in developing a healthy lifestyle free of hard drugs and alcohol and positive on exercise and nutritious eating. The government greatly supports preserving the environment and clean air and water.
· The Nordic model involves a tripartite arrangement where representatives of labor and employers negotiate wages and labor market policy mediated by the government.
This type of Capitalism leads to a more educated and satisfied citizens but it comes at the price of higher taxes, especially for the middle class and rich. A common misconception is that the rate of economic growth in the Nordic economies may be lower than it would be with American-styled Capitalism. The irony is that Sweden was just ranked #1 as the best country for business.
What Model of Capitalism Will We Choose?
Robert Reich reminds us that “we can make the economy work for us, rather than for only a few at the top.” Unfortunately, the American economy is rigged “by those with the power and resources to buy the politicians, regulatory heads, and even the courts.”
Obviously, most Americans would not want American Capitalism to drift into the State Capitalism model in Russia or China. It would lead to a great reduction of freedom and worsen the economic life of most Americans.
Should the American economy move closer to the Nordic model of Social Capitalism? Opinions would vary greatly among American groups. The wealthy class would curse this development, especially because it would involve significantly higher taxes and require paying higher wages to American workers.
The middle class might be divided. Their taxes would be higher but their benefits would also be higher. Those who aim to start businesses or achieve high management positions might be happier leaving things the way they are. The American Dream is to acquire wealth. Those middle-class Americans who would prefer a better health care system, a better educational system, free college education and cleaner air and water would lean toward Social Capitalism.
The working class would largely favor Social Capitalism where the government will strive to provide enough jobs for everyone and a living wage. The poor would favor Social Capitalism because the objective is to eliminate the condition of living in poverty.
Bernie Sanders recently posited that higher taxes would lead to lower health costs, higher education and a better environment.
My guess is that over time our free-market ideology will morph into the Nordic model of Social Capitalism. It's time now to start fixing our Capitalism.
The U.S. Navy is being rocked by a bribery scandal that federal investigators say has reached high into the officer corps and exposed a massive overbilling scheme run by an Asian defense contractor that provided prostitutes and other kickbacks.
Among those arrested on corruption charges are a senior agent for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and a Navy commander who escaped Cambodia's “killing fields” as a child only to make a triumphant return to the country decades later as the skipper of a U.S. destroyer. The investigation has also ensnared a Navy captain who was relieved of their ship's command this month in Japan.
The chief executive of the Singapore-based defense contractor, Glenn Defense Marine Asia, and another company official were arrested last month at a San Diego harborside hotel after federal investigators lured them to the United States by arranging a sham meeting with Navy officials, according to court records and people involved in the case.
The unfolding investigation is shaping up as the biggest fraud case in years for the Navy. Federal prosecutors allege that Glenn Defense Marine, which has serviced and supplied Navy ships and submarines at ports around the Pacific for a quarter-century, routinely overbilled for everything from tugboats to fuel to sewage disposal.
Investigators are still assessing the scope of the alleged fraud, but federal court records filed in San Diego cite a handful of episodes that alone exceeded $10 million. Since 2011, Glenn Defense Marine has been awarded Navy contracts worth more than $200 million. The company also services ships from several navies in Asia.
Navy Cmdr. Michael Misiewicz was greeted in 2010 by a long-lost relative upon their return to their native Cambodia as skipper of the USS Mustin. (MC3 Devon Dow/U.S. Navy via AP)
The U.S. military has never been immune from contracting scandals, but it is extremely rare for senior uniformed commanders to face corruption charges.
“Allegations of bribery and kickbacks involving naval officers, contracting personnel and NCIS agents are unheard of,” said retired Adm. Gary Roughead, a former chief of naval operations who is a distinguished visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.
Roughead recalled meeting the chief executive of Glenn Defense Marine, Leonard Glenn Francis, nearly a decade ago while serving as commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet. They said they were unfamiliar with details of the investigation, but they called the allegations “extremely serious, disconcerting and surprising.”
According to court papers filed by federal prosecutors in San Diego, Francis and others in their company targeted Navy personnel serving in Asia and plied them with prostitutes, cash, luxury hotel rooms, plane tickets and, on one occasion last year, tickets to a Lady Gaga concert in Thailand.
In exchange, Francis sought inside information on ship deployments and pressed at least one high-ranking commander to steer aircraft carriers and other vessels to ports where their firm could easily overcharge the Navy for pierside services, the court documents allege.
Francis's defense attorney, Edward Patrick Swan Jr., declined to comment on the allegations but said they expect the government will file additional charges.
“I think this is just the opening,” they said.
Federal prosecutors in San Diego declined to answer specific questions. But Laura E. Duffy, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of California, said the investigation was continuing.
“The allegations described in this complaint describe a bribery case with all the sexy elements of a TV drama,” Duffy said in an e-mailed statement. “But the significance of the case is that it involves huge sums of money, a wide range of players, a long period of time and a number of countries.”
‘Big Bro' and ‘Little Bro'
In May 2010, according to court papers filed by federal investigators, Francis and an unnamed manager from their firm “began targeting” Cmdr. Michael Misiewicz, a graduate of the Naval Academy in Annapolis, “as someone who might be susceptible to providing favor . . . in return for things of value.”
Misiewicz was born Vannak Khem in Cambodia, but they were adopted as a 6-year-old by a U.S. Embassy worker. They moved to Illinois in 1973, just before Cambodia plunged into a bloody communist revolution.
In December 2010, as commander of the USS Mustin, Misiewicz returned to Cambodia for the first time in 37 years as the destroyer made a port visit in Sihanoukville. Although Misiewicz had lost their father and a sister in the killing fields — an estimated 1.7 million people died at the hands of the Khmer Rouge — other long-lost relatives boarded the ship for a tearful reunion.
About the same time, Misiewicz was forging a close relationship with Glenn Defense Marine, court papers allege. Shortly after the Cambodia visit, the commander took an influential job as deputy operations manager for the Navy's 7th Fleet, overseeing all naval activities in the western Pacific and Indian oceans.
In March 2011, according to court documents, Francis hired four prostitutes to entertain Misiewicz and another unnamed Navy commander during a three-day visit to Singapore.
The trip was postponed because of a tsunami. But Glenn Defense Marine officials soon became more familiar with Misiewicz and e-mailed one another about how the commander “liked Japanese women.” They later provided tickets and female escorts for Misiewicz and four co-workers to attend the Lady Gaga concert in Thailand and paid for shore leave in Singapore and other cities, according to court records.
“Take care gents, thank you for the best leave (w/o kids that is) ever!” Misiewicz, a married father of four, wrote in an e-mail to Francis and another company official after a visit to Cambodia in June 2011, according to court documents.
In their e-mails, Misiewicz fondly called Francis “Big Bro” — the executive is 6-3, weighs 350 pounds and is known in Navy circles as “Fat Leonard,” the court papers say. Francis in turn called Misiewicz “Little Bro,” reflecting how the commander stood nearly a foot shorter and almost 200 pounds lighter.
In exchange for prostitutes, travel and other favors, federal authorities allege, Misiewicz provided Francis with classified information about ship movements and steered vessels to specific Asian ports.
Misiewicz was arrested Sept. 16 by Defense Criminal Investigative Service agents at the Colorado Springs airport. The commander has been assigned to the U.S. Northern Command in Colorado since leaving the 7th Fleet last year. They were released on $100,000 bond and confined to home detention pending trial. Their attorney, Wendy Gerboth of San Diego, did not return a phone call or e-mail seeking comment.
Court papers make references to other, unnamed Navy officers who accepted favors from Francis, an indication that the investigation remains in its early stages.
Navy officials have identified Capt. Daniel Dusek, former commander of the USS Bonhomme Richard, as another target of the investigation. They have not been charged, but the Navy relieved them of command Oct. 2, citing the investigation.
Dusek, who remains under suspension, declined to comment through a Navy spokesperson.
NCIS leaks alleged
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service has opened multiple investigations into Glenn Defense Marine since 2010. Until last month, none had resulted in charges.
Court documents allege that Francis was receiving regular tip-offs from inside the agency about the state of investigations. The information, prosecutors say, was being supplied by John B. Beliveau II, a onetime NCIS agent of the year, who was arrested at Joint Base Anacostia-
Bolling in Southeast Washington on the same day that Misiewicz was taken into custody.
Beliveau is the supervisory agent in charge of the NCIS office in Quantico. Prosecutors have charged them with conspiracy to commit bribery, saying they fed Francis confidential information about pending criminal investigations into Glenn Defense Marine from March 2011 until shortly before both were arrested.
In return, according to charging documents, Francis supplied Beliveau with prostitutes and free travel, including a three-week trip to five Asian countries.
Court records show that Beliveau met Francis when they were stationed in Asia with the NCIS and allege that the pair began exchanging regular e-mails in 2008.
In e-mails included in the charging documents, Beliveau playfully pressed for returns from the Navy contractor. “You give whores more money than me ;)” they wrote to Francis in April 2012. “Don't get too busy that you forget your friends. . . . Let me know . . . I can be your best friend or worst enemy.”
“You are a sore Bitch and I have not forgotten you Bro,” Francis replied, according to court papers. “How do I send you a gift?”
Beliveau was not assigned to the NCIS team scrutinizing Glenn Defense Marine, but court papers allege that they downloaded scores of reports from the case file by accessing the agency's internal databases.
Investigators say Beliveau took many of the copied files home and exchanged more than 1,000 text messages with Francis over 15 months. Beliveau's attorney, Gretchen Von Holmes of San Diego, did not return phone calls or e-mails seeking comment.
Trap laid for Francis
On Sept. 16, as federal agents arrested Beliveau in Washington and Misiewicz in Colorado Springs, they also laid a trap for Francis in California.
Navy officials summoned them from Singapore to California, saying they wanted a face-to-face meeting to discuss business. Francis brought two business associates with them to San Diego, where they were arrested in their hotel room at the Marriott Marquis, according to court records, their attorney and another person familiar with the case.
Arrested in San Diego at the same time was Glenn Defense Marine's general manager for global government contracts, Alex J. Wisidagama. They were charged with fraud and remains in federal custody. Their attorney, Knut Johnson, did not return a phone call seeking comment.
Last month, the Navy terminated three major contracts with Glenn Defense Marine worth nearly $200 million total.
At the company's headquarters in Singapore, phone calls in recent days have gone unanswered. Reached via e-mail, Valeriane Toon, vice president for global communications, declined to comment.
Julie Tate contributed to this report.
Compensation experts say that the provisions, though politically prudent to appease public anger, will probably have little real impact on how financial executives are paid in coming years.
They predict banks will simply pay higher taxes and will find other creative ways of paying their executives as they see fit. Some say there could even be a sudden surge in compensation as soon as the government program ends, in a few years, leading to eye-popping numbers down the road.
“Congress's record of regulating executive pay has been unblemished by success,” said Kevin J. Murphy, a finance professor at the University of Southern California, pointing to perverse outcomes of past efforts.
When Congress limited the tax deductibility of cash salaries to $1 million, for example, it simply led to an explosion in stock options used as compensation and even higher total payouts.
Like other experts, Professor Murphy expects the $500,000 cap to be largely ignored, with banks willing to accept the tax consequences. For many of the top executives, such a salary would simply not be competitive: “$500,000 was supposed to be a good week,” they said, adding that many of these executives would respond to such suggestions by leaving for jobs at unregulated banks or hedge funds.
But what Treasury cannot easily achieve under its plan might be achieved temporarily by the weak economy, falling stock prices and frustrated boards who are pressured by shareholders disgusted over past excess, say some experts. “The market may take care of it just by default,” said Paul Hodgson, a senior analyst at the Corporate Library, a governance research group.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The government's sudden sweeping presence may prod some boards to take a harder line, said Charles M. Elson, a corporate governance expert at the University of Delaware. “Every board is going to be under tremendous pressure on compensation, by shareholders and by the government's investment.”
Some of those discussions have already begun among board members, said Ira T. Kay, a compensation specialist at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. “These rules will have a chilling effect on executive pay practices,” they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Severance payments have begun to fall, they said, and they predict there will be “much more downward pressure.”
Of course, there have been past predictions that executive pay would be crimped, but that effect tended to be a more short-term reaction to weak business results, as companies and executives simply adapted.
“Every prediction of the demise of C.E.O. pay has been overstated,” said Professor Murphy. After the dot-com bubble burst, for example, executives no longer made significant sums through stock options but turned instead to restricted stock. Compensation soon moved upward.
The new Treasury rules, which still need to be clarified, also provide some broad guidelines, requiring the banks that get government capital to make sure their compensation packages do not reward excessive risk-taking and instituting a “claw-back” rule to force repayment of compensation that was based on results that later prove to be inaccurate.
Exactly how some of these provisions will work is unclear, as well as how Treasury will eventually enforce them.
Along with banks that get government capital, banks that participate in the government's program to buy targeted assets will have limits on compensation. Banks that sell the government more than $300 million in assets will face significant taxes if they offer a golden parachute to a departing executive.
Michael Useem, a professor at the Wharton School, said that while the Treasury proposals have shortcomings in addressing inflated pay packages, Congress had to do something. “The bigger concern is the need for strong political support of the bailout agenda,” they said.
Banks ignore the provisions at their peril, they argued. “The spirit of the provision is quite clear,” they said. “If executives begin to not follow the spirit of the provisions, they will politically weaken support for what is being done.”
The European Commission has proposed perhaps the most radical shift in decision-making away from parliaments and toward unelected bodies in the history of the European Union.
Under proposals unveiled by the EU executive on Wednesday (23 November), while formal domestic lawmaking procedures are to remain in place, almost all fiscal policy decisions would be taken out of the hands of national assemblies and delivered up to European civil servants.
The far-reaching proposals instantly provoked accusations of a hollowing out of democracy in Europe - allegations that the commission has angrily dismissed, saying the moves are necessary if the euro is to survive.
Under pressure from markets to deliver tighter economic integration in the eurozone, the EU executive has proposed that governments in member states that use the single currency be forced to submit their budgets to both the commission and the eurogroup of states for vetting - before they are submitted to their own national parliaments.
If the commission does not like what it sees, it can demand changes to the budget, as well as other mid-term plans a government may have for its economy.
Those countries that have exceeded EU rules on the size of their debt and deficit would also be subject to tighter monitoring by Brussels and would have to submit regular reports on how they are progressing in trying to correct the situation.
The commission would be able to issue recommendations for how this should be done.
All eurozone states would also be forced to create independent fiscal councils - bodies of 'experts' unaccountable to parliaments - who would issue budgetary and economic forecasts.
A country's budget would in turn have to be based on the reports of these fiscal councils.
For countries in deeper troubles and facing serious financial difficulties, Brussels could send teams of inspectors - akin to the 'Troika' monitors sent to member states that have received bail-outs.
The overseers could be sent to any state that the commission decides, even if the county has not requested any international assistance.
The commission is also seeking the power to recommend to the Council of Ministers, representing the member states, that a country should take a bail-out. While this remains only a recommendation, the market pressure resulting from such a call in effect renders this new power equivalent to an order to take out a rescue programme.
The bloc's economy chief explained to reporters that it was necessary to be able to force countries to agree to bail-outs against their will.
"Recent experience has shown that a member state normally wants to avoid a programme until the very last moment," they said in the EU capital. "This has caused the situation to worsen in the meantime both for the country concerned and for the whole euro area and increased costs to other member states and increased the financing needs as well."
"There are no volunteers for an EU-IMF programme."
'Scaling back democracy'
The unprecedented proposals come at a time when commentators, trade unions and even editorial cartoonists have made much of the EU's imposition of technocratic administrations on Greece and Italy.
For some in the European Parliament, this goes one step too far.
The centre-right in the European Parliament, the European People's Party, warmly embraced the commission's proposals, saying that national budgets must be developed with "guarantees of independence", and the centre-left Socialists and Democrats welcomed "strong surveillance and control over the implementation of national budgets."
But the commission was also accused of undermining democracy by the Greens on the left of the house and of launching an assault on national sovereignty by the European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR), the anti-federalist grouping to the right of the EPP.
"The EU is doing what it does best: creating new rules and layers of governance that undermine national sovereignty," said MEP Jan Zahradil, the Czech chairperson of the ECR.
The proposals "are fundamentally flawed by the complete absence of any democratic check or legitimacy," said Green MEP Philippe Lamberts, the group's economic policy spokesperson.
"Simply giving far-reaching budgetary surveillance powers to EU technocrats, with no in-built democratic checks, would amount to a scaling back of the democratic process," they said.
Questioned by journalists over whether the moves do not insulate decision-making from elected chambers, commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said they did not wish to engage in "philosophical debates".
They said that national budgets would still be prepared by governments and that national parliaments "will of course have the final say”.
They argued that the request for closer economic integration was issued by the eurogroup, and so while there would be a delegation of responsibilities to the commission, ECB and eurogroup itself, this transfer of powers was voted on by elected representatives.
“It was their decision ... So in terms of democracy, let's be clear. When democratic member states in full respect of constitutional rules entrust some entities with some powers, this is a fully democratic process and absolutely in respect of democratic principles.”
They compared the transfer of oversight of fiscal policy to the transfer of monetary policy to central banks that has occurred in many countries over the past two decades.
"Just as in our own countries, when we give some powers to a central bank, it is of course not accountable to a parliament, but of course the central bank was created through democratic procedures and is an institution that is absolutely built on a sound democratic architecture."
They said that without these moves, the euro could collapse: "It will be difficult if not impossible to sustain a common currency."
They insisted: "The principle of parliamentary democracy is sacred."
Does the smell and taste of meat made you feel sick to your stomach? Well, you could be a genetic vegetarian.
In a study conducted by Duke University and a team from Norway, a significant portion of the subjects had a negative reaction to the smell and taste of pig meat. Saying somebody could be genetic vegetarian may be an oversimplification, but disliking the smell and taste of meat would certainly be a step in the right direction.
People are vegetarian for a variety of reasons, but genetics may play a more crucial role. They determine how we smell and taste food. Many of us have disliked the taste and smell of meat from a very early age. For some people an aversion to eating meat started much later in life.
At the heart of the distaste for dead animals is the gene OR7D4. Researchers have found that should a person inherit the gene from one parent, the distaste for meat, pork in particular, is mild. Inherit the same gene from two parents and eating meat will turn into a strict no-no, and a person will find the smell and taste of meat disgusting and revolting.
The ORD7D4 gene is linked to odor receptors that respond to androstenone, which is a testosterone-like chemical in swine flesh. Some of the participants in the study found the taste of pork rancid, and the flesh had the smell of ammonia.
The EU had placed a ban on castration of pigs, due to pressure from animal rights groups. This new study might have an impact on the ban. Apparently castrated pigs produce better smelling and tastier meat. Are there other genes that could be involved in people being vegetarian? Probably, but not as clear-cut as the ORD7D4 gene. The researchers and the authors of the Plos One gene study, may yet come up with new surprises.
*Image courtesy Flickr creative commons.
Posted on July 23, 2011, 9:58 pm, by Teresa Collett.
Fox News is carrying an interesting editorial by a pyschiatrist, “Men Should Be Allowed to Veto Abortions.” They argue that current law giving men no say in a woman's decision whether to continue or terminate their pregnancy teaches men that they are not responsible for the lives they create. The editorial argues the is a result of Planned Parenthood v. Casey, the US Supreme Court opinion striking down a Pennsylvania law requiring spousal notice prior to abortion.
The Pennsylvania law provided, except in cases of medical emergency, that no physician shall perform an abortion on a married woman without receiving a signed statement from the woman that they had notified their spouse that they were about to undergo an abortion. The woman had the option of providing an alternative signed statement certifying that their husband was not the man who impregnated her; that their husband could not be located; that the pregnancy was the result of spousal sexual assault which they have reported; or that the woman believed that notifying their husband would cause them or someone else to inflict bodily injury upon them A physician who performed an abortion on a married woman without receiving the appropriate signed statement would have their or their license revoked, and would have been liable to the husband for damages.
A majority of the Court found that this notice requirement imposed a substantial obstacle to women obtaining abortions. “For the great many women who are victims of abuse inflicted by their husbands, or whose children are the victims of such abuse, a spousal notice requirement enables the husband to wield an effective veto over their wife's decision. Whether the prospect of notification itself deters such women from seeking abortions, or whether the husband, through physical force or psychological pressure or economic coercion, prevents their wife from obtaining an abortion until it is too late, the notice requirement will often be tantamount to the veto found unconstitutional in Danforth. The women most affected by this law-those who most reasonably fear the consequences of notifying their husbands that they are pregnant-are in the gravest danger.” The Court refused to accept the argument that such women could avoid the requirment by simply certifying that notice would result in bodily injury. The Court also considered it constitutionally irrelevant that domestic abuse would be applicable in only 1% of the cases.
At the other end of the spectrum, courts have imposed legal duties of paternity on males who have been the victim of statutory rape and non-consensual sex. In S.F. v. Alabama ex rel T.M., 695 So. 2d 1186 (Ala. Civ. App. 1996) a thirty-seven-year-old man was found to be liable in paternity, notwithstanding that the court accepted their testimony that they have no memory of having sex with the plaintiff after they had been drinking for several hours, and their brother had put them to bed.
In San Luis Obispo Co. v. Nathaniel J., 50 Cal. App. 4th 842 (Cal. App. 2d Dist. 1996), a fifteen-year-old boy who had been seduced by a thirty-four-year-old woman was legally liable to support the child resulting from their sexual relations with the mother, notwithstanding that the boy was the adjudicated victim of unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor. A similar result was reached in In re Paternity of K.B., 104 P.3d 1132, 1133 (Okla. Civ. App. 2004).
The most surprising case of paternal liability, however, is State of Louisiana v. Frisard, 694 So. 2d 1032 (La. App. 5th Cir. 1997). In this case the father testified (and the court accepted) that they never had vaginal intercourse with the plaintiff. Instead the woman inseminated themselves from sperm that they had retained after they performed sex acts on the defendant. The court found the man liable for child support.
Taken collectively these cases illustrate what appears to be the general legal principle – a man will be responsible in a paternity action in each case in which a child is brought to term, independent of their consent to engage in the conduct directly responsible for conception of the child.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
UPDATE: Mark Sheldon of MLB.com reports that Cueto has been placed on the disabled list. They were set to be examined today, but there's no word yet on the results. The Reds have recalled Logan Ondrusek from Triple-A Louisville in a corresponding roster move while Cingrani will replace Cueto in the starting rotation.
11:20 AM: Troubling development for the second-place Reds last night, as right-hander Johnny Cueto was forced to leave their start against the Rangers in the second inning after aggravating a right lat muscle injury.
Cueto, who has already had two stints on the disabled list this season, initially felt symptoms in the first inning. While they were cleared to stay in the game, they were seen grimacing on a 1-2 pitch to Mitch Moreland in the second inning and was immediately pulled after being visited by Reds manager Dusty Baker and head trainer Paul Lessard.
Baker told Mark Sheldon of MLB.com that Cueto will be sent back to Cincinnati for tests, but another stint on the disabled list appears likely.
“It was the same thing,” Reds manager Dusty Baker said. “We're going to send them back to see the doctor [in Cincinnati]. We'll have to contemplate whatever the roster move is. We'll tell you about it [Saturday].”
Cueto, 27, has a 3.21 ERA and 40/14 K/BB ratio in 47 2/3 innings over eight starts this season. Tony Cingrani figures to replace them in the starting rotation once again.
Amazon has reportedly acquired yet another company involved in the video game industry. PitchBook is reporting (via TechCrunch) that Amazon purchased a small gaming firm called GameSpark last quarter for about $US10 million.
Like Amazon's other gaming acquisitions, GameSpark isn't a game developer — instead, the company provides what it describes as “the ultimate backend development platform for game developers.” In so many words, GameSpark provides a framework for the creation of games.
It stands to reason that, if GameSpark was indeed purchased, Amazon will now offer the services that GameSpark did at one point — presumably through its Amazon Lumberyard program.
Lumberyard, which was introduced back in February 2016, is an all-in-one game development engine. In English, that means it can be used to create games that can then be supported by Amazon's internet hosting services (AWS) and Amazon's game streaming service (Twitch). It's a kind of “closed ecosystem” approach to game development that encourages any developers using the service to also use Amazon's other services to support their games.
GameSpark offers services like leaderboards and microtransactions, potentially offering additional services to Amazon's Lumberyard game development service. For its part, Amazon hasn't officially announced the acquisition, nor did it respond to request for comment as of publishing.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Ms. Reynolds said Mr. Castile embraced them and became “a father figure” to their young daughter, Dae'Anna, now 5. They would read the girl books and make sure they had a healthy breakfast. Jurors saw a photo of Mr. Castile and Dae'Anna celebrating their birthday at the Mall of America.
“He was a friend to her,” Ms. Reynolds said. “He was a role model.”
On the day of the shooting, Ms. Reynolds said Mr. Castile went to work, then got their hair fixed. Separately, Ms. Reynolds took public transit to drop their daughter off at preschool that morning and traveled to their job at a dollar store. Later that day, Ms. Reynolds said they and their sister smoked marijuana, picked up Dae'Anna from preschool and met up with Mr. Castile in the evening to go grocery shopping.
Earl Grey, a lawyer for Officer Yanez, questioned Ms. Reynolds at length about their marijuana use. Ms. Reynolds said they and Mr. Castile smoked marijuana daily, and had done so for years. They admitted that there was marijuana in the car at the time Officer Yanez pulled them over, but they said they had not been smoking.
Mr. Gray also pointed out what they said were inconsistent details in Ms. Reynolds's past statements about the case. Ms. Reynolds said they were being honest. Lawyers did not mention felony assault charges Ms. Reynolds is facing in connection with an alleged hammer attack this year. That case is still pending.
In court on Tuesday, Officer Joseph Kauser, Officer Yanez's partner, testified that they did not see a gun in Mr. Castile's car, did not smell the burned marijuana described by Officer Yanez and was not alarmed by the situation until their colleague started shooting.
“I did not feel threatened at that point from where I was standing,” Officer Kauser said of the moment right before the shooting.
But Officer Kauser, a college classmate and longtime friend of Officer Yanez, praised their partner's character and said they believed Officer Yanez acted appropriately. Officer Yanez's lawyers have said their client feared for their life and will testify in their own defense.
Mr. Castile, who had a permit to carry a pistol, told Officer Yanez during the traffic stop that they had a firearm with him. The trial rests largely on whether jurors believe Officer Yanez's claim that Mr. Castile was grabbing for that gun, or whether they believe Ms. Reynolds's statement that their boyfriend was simply reaching for their wallet.
It's a batting average that won't land the federal marketplace for Obamacare into the Healthcare Hall of Fame.
As few as 1 in 100 applications on the federal exchange contains enough information to enroll the applicant in a plan, some insurance industry sources told CNBC on Friday. Some of the problems involve how the exchange's software collects and verifies an applicant's data.
"It is extraordinary that these systems weren't ready," said Sumit Nijhawan, CEO of Infogix, which handles data integrity issues for major insurers including WellPoint and Cigna, as well as multiple Blue Cross Blue Shield affiliates.
Experts said that if Healthcare.gov's success rate doesn't improve within the next month or so, federal officials could face a situation in January in which relatively large numbers of people believe they have coverage starting that month, but whose enrollment applications are have not been processed.
"It could be public relations nightmare," said Nijhawan. Insurers have told their company that just "1 in 100" enrollment applicants being sent from the federal marketplace have provided sufficient, verified information.
(Read more: Weekend hustle to fix Obamacare glitches)
Batches 'corrupted'
One insurer reported a better, but still stunningly low, rate of enrollment applications containing enough data to process for coverage.
"It's about half of what we've received," a source at that insurer said.
"We're getting incomplete data—about half of the applications we haven't been able to process," said the source, who used the term "corrupted" to describe the batch of applications received.
(Read more: Conquering the glitches)
The annual list of F1 salaries has again been published, and while Fernando Alonso remains top, they have now been joined by Lewis Hamilton.
The report - published by Spanish newspaper El Mundo Deportivo and citing information compiled by Business Book GP - reckons both are now on around EUR20 million, Hamilton getting an extra EUR4 million per year following their switch from McLaren to Mercedes.
Interestingly though, the same publication had Alonso on a retainer of EUR30 million in 2012 - it is unclear why this estimate for the Ferrari #1 has now been revised...
Jenson Button meanwhile remains third, taking home EUR16 million, while triple F1 world champion, Sebastian Vettel has got an increase and now earns EUR12 million with Red Bull, EUR1 million a year more than Nico Rosberg and EUR2 million a year more than Mark Webber.
Felipe Massa has had a pay cut, reduced from EUR10 million a year to EUR6 million, while Kimi Raikkonen seems to be a relative bargain for Lotus on only EUR3 million a year (EUR2 million less than the figure quoted in 2012), although it is rumoured their pot is boosted substantially according to how they perform and how many points they score.
Further back, Sergio Perez is now earning three times more than last year following their move to McLaren, with the Woking-based team paying them EUR1.5 million a season. Romain Grosjean, Nico Hulkenberg and Pastor Maldonado are the only other drivers said to be in the EUR1 million a year bracket, with Valtteri Bottas on EUR600,000, ahead of Jules Bianchi and Adrian Sutil on EUR500,000 apiece.
The full breakdown is below...
Drivers:
1. Fernando Alonso Ferrari EUR20m
= Lewis Hamilton Mercedes EUR20m
3. Jenson ButtonMcLaren-Mercedes EUR16m
4. Sebastian Vettel Red Bull Racing EUR12m
5. Nico Rosberg MercedesEUR11m
6. Mark Webber Red Bull Racing EUR10m
7. Felipe MassaFerrari EUR6m
8. Kimi RaikkonenLotus F1 TeamEUR3m
9. Sergio PerezMcLaren-MercedesEUR1.5m
10. Romain GrosjeanLotus F1 TeamEUR1m
= Pastor MaldonadoWilliamsEUR1m
= Nico HulkenbergSauberEUR1m
13. Valtteri BottasWilliamsEUR600,000
14. Jules BianchiMarussiaEUR500,000
= Adrian SutilForce India F1EUR500,000
16. Paul di RestaForce India F1EUR400,000
= Daniel RicciardoScuderia Toro RossoEUR400,000
= Jean-Eric VergneScuderia Toro Rosso EUR400,000
19. Esteban GutierrezSauberEUR200,000
20. Charles PicCaterhamEUR150,000
= Giedo van der GardeCaterhamEUR150,000
= Max ChiltonMarussiaEUR150,000
What the F1 teams spent on drivers in 2013:
1. Mercedes EUR31m
2. Ferrari EUR26m
3. Red Bull Racing EUR22m
4. McLaren-Mercedes EUR17.5m
5. Lotus F1 team EUR4m
6. Williams EUR1.6m
7. Sauber EUR1.2m
8. Force India EUR900,000
9. Scuderia Toro Rosso EUR800,000
10. Marussia EUR650,000
11. Caterham EUR300,000
To compare to the 2012 salaries, CLICK HERE
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the Laws of Nature. Since ancient times philosophers and physicists have tried to discover simple underlying principles that control the Universe: In the 6th Century BC Thales declared “Everything is water”, centuries later Aristotle claimed that all creation was forged from four elements, Newton more successfully laid down the Law of Universal Gravitation and as we speak, contemporary scientists are struggling to complete the task of ‘String Theory' - the quest to find a single over-arching equation that unites all physics, and can perhaps explain the organisation of everything in existence.But are the Laws of Physics really ‘facts of life'? Is what is true in physics, true in all areas of existence? Is it even true in other areas of physics?With Mark Buchanan, physicist and author of Ubiquity; Professor Frank Close, theoretical physicist and author of Lucifer's Legacy: The Meaning of Asymmetry; Nancy Cartwright, Professor of Philosophy, LSE.
Show less
When the United States and China discuss cooperating against Islamic State later this month, the most prominent outcome is likely to be less criticism of each other's anti-terrorism policies.
Both countries have flagged that President Barack Obama and President Xi Jinping will discuss the issue when they meet on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Beijing.
Cooperation like sharing intelligence will be difficult. And China will not commit troops or weapons.
But simply seeing eye-to-eye on the problem of Islamic State can pay political dividends, experts and diplomats say, as the United States launches air strikes against the ultra-radicals in Iraq and Syria and China faces condemnation of its hardline tactics in its western Xinjiang region.
Read More Iraq notches victory against ISIS in fierce battle over key town
"You're mostly likely to see China sit back and not criticise the United States. That is what cooperation looks like," said Philip Potter, an assistant professor at the University of Virginia who studies global terrorism.
In return, Beijing would value more recognition from Washington of what Chinese authorities say is the threat of militant Islamic separatists in its far western province of Xinjiang.
China charges that a group called the East Turkistan Islamic Movement (ETIM) is seeking to set up a separate state in Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur ethnic minority.
Rights groups and Uighur exiles dispute the extent of the ETIM threat, and argue that economic marginalization of Uighurs is one of the main causes of violence there.
In another look at a highly prospective formation in the US, Starr Spencer reviews the outlook for the Delaware formation, part of the Permian basin, in this week's Oilgram News column, New Frontiers.
————————————-
If you're an oil prospector these days and someone says “Delaware,” chances are what comes to mind won't be the US' tiny First State located south of Philadelphia but rather a West Texas/New Mexico basin that is turning up a rapidly rising amount of crude.
The hood-shaped Delaware Basin is really the western chunk of the larger Permian Basin. Like elsewhere in the Permian, the Delaware consists of multiple prospective “stacked” or pancaked geological layers which oil companies have only recently begun to exploit. In the Delaware, these reach 12,000 foot depths, a little deeper than eastern Permian areas.
“We do not have a good fix on how much upside [is] yet to be captured” in the Delaware, Wunderlich Securities analyst Irene Haas said in a recent report. But “we cannot stop thinking about how big this trend could end up being after a few more years of drilling.”
“Producers are just beginning to count productive layers within the Wolfcamp, in addition to Bone Spring [and] Avalon/Leonard intervals,” which are found at depths of roughly 10,000 feet, 9,000 feet and 8,000 feet respectively, Haas said.
The Delaware Basin currently produces roughly 539,000 b/d of oil, and this is projected to rise to 769,000 b/d by year-end 2019, up 43%, according to Bentek Energy, a unit of Platts. By contrast, the basin was producing 355,000 b/d in July 2012 and 241,000 b/d in July 2010.
The basin's current production split is 292,000 b/d from New Mexico and 247,000 b/d from West Texas, and these could respectively rise to 410,000 b/d and 359,000 b/d by end-2019, Bentek figures show.
“Given the current upward trajectory of both rigs in the region and initial production rates, our estimates are likely conservative,” Bentek analyst James Klingsporn, said.
Blog post continues below…
Request a free trial of: Oilgram News brings fast-breaking global petroleum and gas news to your desktop every day. Our extensive global network of correspondents report on supply and demand trends, corporate news, government actions, exploration, technology, and much more.
As with the Midland Basin — the easternmost half of the Permian — operators started testing in one area of the Delaware and then migrated elsewhere, probing for the “sweet spot.” In Midland, operators began in the south but found the north more productive. In the Delaware, the reverse has occurred as much of the activity until recently focused on Lea and Eddy Counties in New Mexico and parts slightly south of the Texas border in Loving, Ward and Winkler counties.
These days, besides drilling the Bone Spring and Avalon/Leonard plays which were industry's earlier focus, operators appear to be testing the Wolfcamp interval at 10,000-12,000 foot depths, analysts say. The Wolfcamp has shown a little more consistency than the Bone Spring, which was sand and “a lot more variable,” Michael Scialla, an analyst with Stifel Nicolaus, said.
Delaware Basin oil quality is roughly comparable to the rest of the Permian Basin—namely, from about 38-45 API gravity, although it has become lighter on average in the last few years as the proportion of unconventionally produced oil increases, said Bentek's Klingsporn.
Crude oil from the play currently goes to the US Gulf Coast, to the Cushing oil hub in Oklahoma on the Basin or Centurion pipelines; to East Houston on the Longhorn pipeline; or to Nederland, Texas, on the West Texas Gulf or Permian Express I pipeline. The new 300,000 b/d BridgeTex line will raise capacity to Houston when it begins service in mid-Q3.
Rail to the West Coast is now too expensive given current price differentials between the Delaware Basin and California versus the US Gulf Coast, analysts said. But pipeline doesn't seem to be an option, either: Kinder Morgan's proposed Freedom Pipeline was abandoned last year due to lack of shippers, “indicating the Gulf Coast is a more attractive market for Permian crude,” including Delaware Basin oil, Sandy Fielden, director of energy analytics for consultants RBN Energy, said.
Accordingly, developers are eyeing more infrastructure projects for the basin. One recent announcement was by producer Concho Resources, one of the most active Delaware operators, and Tulsa-based Frontier Midstream Solutions. The pair in May formed a joint venture to build and operate over 400 miles of crude oil gathering lines in the northern Delaware that can take over 100,000 b/d to multiple delivery points.
“We've tried to sell at the lease line and it's worked for us to this point,” Concho Executive Vice President Will Giraud said at a recent analyst conference. “We feel like now's the time to be more aggressive in midstream and the market side. We want to improve the price we receive for our barrels and make sure infrastructure gets built in locations we want them built.”
Also in May, midstream provider Rangeland Energy announced it began building a 10,000 b/d truck-to-rail transloading rail facility in the Delaware. The company looked at areas of “greatest potential for increased oil production that lacks infrastructure,” Rangeland CEO Chris Keane said. “We quickly zeroed in on the Delaware Basin.”
–Starr Spencer in Houston
Share
Remember the images that leaked out at Christmas last year of a new Korg Mini MS-20 synth?
We can confirm now that the Korg Mini MS-20 is for real, that it's a new analog mini-synth and that Korg's engineers have tried to faithfully recreate the circuitry and sound of the original synth classic.
The synth's structure features two VCO's, 2 VCA's, 2 VCF's, 2 envelope generators and an LFO. Patching is done with scaled-down 1/8″ cables. And circuitry has been added for MIDI support – so you play it with the mini-keyboard, play it with a full size keyboard or sequence it with other analog gear!
Pricing is expected to be about 600 euro (about $800) and the Mini MS-20 should be available in February.
Note: We'll have full details and specifications when Korg announces them at the 2013 NAMM show. In the meantime, though, let us know what you think of the Mini MS-20 synthesizer!
via reader Edward On-Robinson, Korg.de
TORONTO — Their team down 12-7 at halftime to Argentina at the Sydney Sevens, Canada rugby coach Damian McGrath urged their players to pick up the tempo and stick to the game plan.
“You've the quarter-finals in the palm of your hands and in a moment you're just throwing it away,” they said.
Needing a win to advance to the Cup quarter-finals on the weekend, Canada clawed its way to a 17-17 tie on a Pat Kay try with less than 15 seconds remaining. But the hard-luck Canadians had to settle for the tie after Kay, subbing as kicker for the injured Nate Hirayama, missed the conversion attempt.
Instead of contending in the tournament's top eight, the Canadian men dropped into consolation play and finished 13th for the third time in four stops on the 2016-17 HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series.
A sparkling fourth-place finish in Wellington the week before showed the Canadians are better than their current 12th place on the overall standings. But injuries and a lack of depth are costing Canada.
“I would back our starting seven or eight players any time against any team,” said McGrath, who took over the Canadian team this season. “The week before in Wellington we had a very consistent starting lineup, which I regard as our strongest, and we went all the way to the closing stages.”
But with Hirayama sidelined and Kay, Justin Douglas and Adam Zaruba all ailing, Sydney was a different story.
“The loss of those four key players with no real replacements maybe highlights where we are as a program — that we've got some good players but there's a big drop-off to what comes next,” McGrath said.
To that end, the English coach will be in Toronto this weekend to scout talent at an Ontario under-18 camp. Finding depth will take time, they acknowledge.
Hirayama, Canada's influential playmaker, suffered a hamstring injury in the dying minutes at Wellington and had to sit out in Sydney. Kay and Zaruba were hurt in the first game there.
“In the normal course of events I would have withdrawn them from the competition,” McGrath said. “But with no real like-for-like replacements, I tried to squeeze a little bit more out of them and ultimately it was too much for them.”
Amazingly Douglas tied for second in tournament scoring with five tries despite fighting a bug in the sapping heat and humidity Down Under.
“Fair play to him. They climbed off their sick bed and tried to take part but they were nothing like the force they usually are,” said McGrath.
“Standing still on the sideline was hard work. You were sweating and feeling drained,” they added. “To run out there, even when you're fit, was even harder. But to try and do it when you've been sick and your stomach wasn't feeling great, I can't say enough good things about him.”
Zaruba played with a pulled leg muscle. Kay had suffered a buttock contusion in the opening game in Wellington and was hit in the same spot in the first minute of the first game in Sydney. “And it just got worse and worse,” said McGrath.
“I've never seen anything like it really,” they added.
After failing to advance against Argentina, a battered Canada opened Day 2 with a demoralizing 19-7 loss to Japan, which came into the game with an 0-18-0 season record.
“That was the lowest point for us … we just didn't do any justice to ourselves,” said McGrath.
On the plus side, Canada bounced back to beat Papua New Guinea 33-20 and a tricky Kenya side 10-5 with some good contributions from the bench. And despite their injury, the six-foot-five 265-pound Zaruba turned heads by running down Kenyan strike runner Collins Injera at the stroke of halftime.
“I think they enjoyed that and I certainly did as a coach,” said McGrath.
McGrath replaced their ailing big man at the half. Douglas and Kay didn't start the last two games.
McGrath hopes all four injured players as well as Phil Berna, who broke their elbow in Cape Town, will be back for Las Vegas and Vancouver stops next month.
Get ready for the “The Final Rose” and “The Final Answer.”
Chris Harrison, host of The Bachelor franchise, will take the reigns as host of the syndicated version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, as it enters its 14th season.
Disney/ABC said, “Chris is an accomplished host and valued member of the Disney/ABC family and now he'll also be bringing their classic talent and charm to Millionaire.”
“There are few shows on television as strong and iconic as Millionaire,” said Harrison. “This is a great fit and I'm extremely excited and honored to take on this new endeavor.”
Harrison will continue with hosting The Bachelor, The Bachelorette and Bachelor in Paradise.
Terry Crews, who hosted Millionaire during the 2014-2015 season is unable to continue on with the show due to their current TV projects.
Auditions have started already for the new season of Millionaire, so check back with us for updates, or click here to view current dates and times.
Are you excited to see Harrison host the show now, and are you going to miss Crews?
These are “my guys”. They are the ones that I'm finding that I will reach for or that are ending up on my rosters consistently. They all have one thing in common: risk. However, they also have equal or higher upside. Here are some must own fantasy players that I'm targeting in 2017. I haven't hidden my love for these guys this off-season and I'm willing to put my name on the line defending their value.
Five Must Own Players: Risky Edition
Martavis Bryant, WR Steelers
Come on, you knew this was coming. I'll start with Bryant because those who know me also know my love for the Steelers and is probably my most predictable pick. However, I'd still pick Bryant up if I wasn't part of Steeler Nation. Their talent and upside are just that enticing. I'm not the only one. Bryant's ADP stood in the 9th round at the start of 2017 and now rests solidly in the 4th, with the big uptick coming after their reinstatement to the NFL appeared imminent last month. There's been some fluctuation in August, most likely because of the NFL's allusive “conditionally” reinstatement is most likely the culprit. Unless something goes drastically sideways, Bryant will be on the field in week 1 and will hopefully be on my (and your?) roster.
I've already written a good deal on Bryant (I told you, he's my guy) in this Michael Crabtree vs Bryant Throwdown as well as the Steelers Training Camp Preview, so I won't beat a dead horse. Basically, it's been a rollercoaster with Bryant, I know. They looked solid in their preseason debut (even playing with Joshua Dobbs) and snagged two passes for 20 yards. If they violate the substance abuse policy again, it's bye-bye Bryant. They look to be a fitter (15+ lbs of muscle), more disciplined, focused version of himself. He's a 4th (almost 5th) round pick with top 15-20 fantasy WR upside. Yes, please.
Mark Ingram, RB Saints
I know what you're thinking. That crowded backfield Jen?! Yup. Ingram proves time and time again that they thrive despite competition and adversity. Finishing in the top 15 fantasy RBs over the past three seasons, Ingram represents a well-rounded, three down back with the fourth best elusiveness rating among RBs in 2016 according to PFF. The addition of Adrien Peterson and rookie Alvin Kamara to the backfield firmly throws Ingram into the “risky” category. But, I'm not shying away from this late-5th round (what?!) pick.
The biggest argument for bumping Ingram down the ranks in 2017 is fewer touches due to vultured carries from AP on early downs and Kamara stealing targets through the air. In 2016, Hightower, Kuhn, and Cadet snagged 233 touches and Ingram still finished as the #8 fantasy RB in PPR. Just a reminder, he's currently being drafted as the 26th RB according to FFC. Even with fewer carries, their 5.1 yards-per-carry average helps assure me of their talent and high floor.
No one will argue over AP's stellar career and skills; however, I'm yet to be convinced they “hasn't lost a step” as Saints coaches assert. Keep in mind this is a player who participated in just three games in 2016 and averaged 1.6 YPC on 31 attempts in weeks 1-2. Not quite the AP of old, right? I'm not saying they will do that badly, but I am saying they won't steal enough of Ingram's carries to threaten their value significantly. Peterson also is a big injury risk given their history and age.
Lastly, Kamara looks good in preseason. Noted. He'll get some opportunities, but so did Cadet last season. Cadet and Ingram received almost the exact amount of targets in 2016 (58 for Ingram, 54 for Cadet) and Ingram still finished as the #20 running back in reception yards on 46 catches (6.9 average YPC).
Eric Decker, WR Titans
It's strange for me placing Decker in the “risky” category, as I see them as one of the most consistent wide receivers in the game historically. They find themselves on this list and not on THIS ONE because they missed almost the entire 2016 season with major injuries to their shoulder and hip. We also can't forget their relocation to the Titans as a factor as well, but honestly, learning a whole new offense in Tennessee is 100% better than the Jets disaster they left in the rear view this off-season.
News out of training camp is positive, not just about Decker's red zone usage and chemistry with Mariota but also regarding their health. This is a player who finished fantasy seasons 2012-15 as the #9, #9, #26, and #13 (respectively) fantasy WR in PPR. They reached 1000+ yards receiving and double-digit touchdowns in 3 out of their last 5 seasons. In 2015, 2013, and 2012, Decker ended the fantasy season as a top 3 red-zone receiving target and saw 34% of red zone targets for the Jets in 2015.
I know, he's 30. Injury concerns. New team. No preseason preview (as of yet). Lots of weapons. All these factors equal risk, but at their current ADP in the late 7th to early 8th, their upside seduces me.
DeSean Jackson, WR Bucs
One of the more exciting team changes for me was the Bucs acquiring of deep threat DeSean Jackson from Washington. We all know their speed and their big-play ability, but we also know their injury history and inconsistency at times. D Jax missed six games in 2015 and struggled to hit expectations until around week 12 of 2016, leaving fantasy owners disappointed.
If we look at the last 6 weeks of the 2016 season though, Jackson's potential was fully on display. They racked up 538 yards and 2 TDs on just 22 catches. Jackson ended with 1000+ receiving yards two out of the past three seasons, on just 56 receptions each time. It should be no surprise that they led the league in yards-per-reception in both 2014 and 2016, and finished fifth in YPR in 2015.
Defenders will have to respect DeSean's Jackson's speed, so they won't be able to double cover Mike Evans. Jameis Winston led the NCAA and ACC in yards per pass attempt in 2013 (10.6) and ranked #2 in 2014 (8.4), so clearly they will benefit from finally having a legit deep threat target. Just to give context, Matt Ryan led the NFL in 2016 with a YPA of 9.3. So, we hope the addition of Jackson will give Winston the opportunity to air it out early and often in 2017.
D Jax's current ADP is in the late 8th round, going around guys like Cobb, T Williams, and Moncrief. For me, their upside trumps those easily. It doesn't hurt to watch their chemistry with Winston and Evans on Hard Knocks either, I'm just sayin'.
Keenan Allen, WR Chargers
I love me some Keenan and I don't care who knows it. I've been on their hype train since last season and kept my hope alive despite losing them in week 1 of 2016 to a torn ACL. Let's get the usual out of the way–yes, they only played 9 games in two seasons. However, he's fully recovered from their ACL tear and I consider their lacerated kidney in 2015 as a fluke. But, he's on this list for a reason. Injury is definitely a concern, but not enough to drive me away.
In their first 8 games in 2015, Allen was on pace to have a career season catching 67 passes for 725 yards and 4 TDS (3 100+ yard games). They tied the single-game franchise record with 15 receptions in week 1, good for 166 yards. Before exiting with the injury, they were ranked the #7 fantasy WR through 8 weeks, beating out Antonio Brown by two fantasy points. Needless to say, Allen has upside.
 They are returning to a well-balanced offense with talented RB Melvin Gordon, solid tight ends in Antonio Gates and Hunter Henry, and wide receiver Tyrell Williams who stepped up big time for the Chargers last season. Rookie Mike Williams could return at some point, but it is hard to tell with a back injury. There are plenty of targets to go around, as Rivers threw the 10th most passing attempts in 2016 (578). Without even touching Gates, Henry, or Gordon's targets, Allen looks to take their share of targets previously snagged by T Williams (113), Inman (104), and Benjamin's (77) and run with them.
I predict Keenan Allen to lead the team in overall target share and receive at least 18-20% of the red zone targets.
No more RBs, Jen?
Thanks for taking the time to read about my must-have fantasy players! I know that I've only included one running back in this list, but let's be honest, there are just a ton of question marks this year outside of the top 4-5 RBs. I just didn't feel “in love” enough with any others, compared to how much I value the wide receivers listed. Be sure to look for my partner article Must Have Fantasy Players: Safe Edition for those that might be more averse to so much risk on their rosters.
Maglia Rosa 2013 dedicated to Fiorenzo Magni
Milan – 19 October 2012 – Giro d'Italia and La Gazzetta dello Sport, mourning the death of their
friend and champion Fiorenzo Magni, have decided to dedicate the 2013 Maglia Rosa to theirs
memory.
Moreover, at the end of the race on May 26 in Brescia, Magni will be remembered with a special
moment dedicated to him.
To show respect to the three-time winner of the Corsa Rosa and their family, Rcs Sport has decided
to communicate only stories and images of Magni for the remainder of today and for the next two
days.
Michele Acquarone, RCS Sport Managing Director, remembered Magni, <<Fiorenzo used to tell
me: “No one gives you anything for free in life, you have to fight everyday and try to improve
yourself.” Their panache and their courage will all be an example to follow, by me and by my sons. They
will be greatly missed>>.
During the seven months of aggression against Yemen, Saudi Arabia has not spared any effort to commit bloody crimes against the Yemenis; however, it has failed to achieve any of its goals. Not only has Saudi Arabia failed to restore to power the fugitive President Mansour Hadi or the Prime Minister Khaled Mahafoudh Bahah, but also its southern border has turned to a part of the battlefront of Yemeni revolutionaries, and dozens of military bases of Saudi Arabia have become under control of Ansarullah and Yemeni army.
These successive failures of Saudi Arabia have made it seek another way out. For this purpose, Saudis have hired mercenaries from Sudan, and recently they have recruited some mercenary soldiers from Colombia. But they are apparently far more than a mercenary army, and the notorious Blackwater Company has also had a share in the war against Yemen. The mercenaries of Blackwater are reported to enter Yemen under the guise of the Colombian soldiers. Recently, a Colombian-base medium has reported that over the next few months more than 800 Colombian military forces are going to enter Sana, Yemen, in support of offensive strikes of Saudi Arabia and its allies against Yemen.
Colombia is an important center for Blackwater to recruit and train its forces, as the US has made considerable infiltration into Colombia, even many describe Colombia as the Israel of the US in Latin America. Blackwater is the first terrorist organization in the world which recruits mercenaries and has built a special army and an Assassination Squad. Blackwater Company has more than 2700 soldiers and a fleet of airplanes. The motto of Blackwater's combat operations is: "kill then make sure whether they were the enemy."
Blackwater is a private American military company and security consulting firm, and based on legal actions taken by the former government, its troops enjoy legal immunity from any possible prosecution. It has played an essential role in the invasion of Iraq by the US forces, the troops of Blackwater committed horrible crimes against Iraqis especially in Fallujah. The company also has a bad reputation in Afghanistan.
The presence of this terrorist company in Yemen indicates that the House of Saud seeks a way out of the Yemeni quagmire at any cost. Certainly, the Blackwater's fully armed forces will wreck havoc on Yemen, similar to the one they dine in Fallujah.
It should be noted that in recent months Saudi Arabia has faced many challenges. The country has spent billions of dollars on the war in Yemen, and it has not made any significant achievements, and the decreased oil prices have also placed a lot of pressure on Saudi Arabia, to the extent that the Independent newspaper predicted that Saudi Arabia will go bankrupt by 2020. Disputes between the Saudi princes have been another reason for the political and economic instability in this country. Saudi Arabia has now reached to a point that it is recruiting mercenaries to assassin people in Yemen and this could more than ever tarnish the country's reputation among the Muslim countries. As no Muslim can ever forget the brutal crimes of Blackwater in Iraq and Afghanistan; therefore, in near future we may hear some bad news about some dreadful human-made disasters in Yemen.
Three researchers from Australian National University have conducted a study into the possibility for new pumped hydro storage capacity in Australia – with remarkable results. They have identified more than enough sites to provide all the energy storage Australia needs for an energy system based on renewables. Courtesy The Conversation.
The race is on for storage solutions that can help provide secure, reliable electricity supply as more renewables enter Australia's electricity grid.
With the support of the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA), we have identified 22,000 potential pumped hydro energy storage (PHES) sites across all states and territories of Australia. PHES can readily be developed to balance the grid with any amount of solar and wind power, all the way up to 100%, as ageing coal-fired power stations close.
Solar photovoltaics (PV) and wind are now the leading two generation technologies in terms of new capacity installed worldwide each year, with coal in third spot (see below). PV and wind are likely to accelerate away from other generation technologies because of their lower cost, large economies of scale, low greenhouse emissions, and the vast availability of sunshine and wind.
New generation capacity installed worldwide in 2016. ANU/ARENA, Author provided
Although PV and wind are variable energy resources, the approaches to support them to achieve a reliable 100% renewable electricity grid are straightforward:
Energy storage in the form of pumped hydro energy storage (PHES) and batteries, coupled with demand management; and
Strong interconnection of the electricity grid between states using high-voltage power lines spanning long distances (in the case of the National Electricity Market, from North Queensland to South Australia). This allows wind and PV generation to access a wide range of weather, climate and demand patterns, greatly reducing the amount of storage needed.
PHES accounts for 97% of energy storage worldwide because it is the cheapest form of large-scale energy storage, with an operational lifetime of 50 years or more. Most existing PHES systems require dams located in river valleys. However, off-river PHES has vast potential.
Off-river PHES requires pairs of modestly sized reservoirs at different altitudes, typically with an area of 10 to 100 hectares. The reservoirs are joined by a pipe with a pump and turbine. Water is pumped uphill when electricity generation is plentiful; then, when generation tails off, electricity can be dispatched on demand by releasing the stored water downhill through the turbine. Off-river PHES typically delivers maximum power for between five and 25 hours, depending on the size of the reservoirs.
Most of the potential PHES sites we have identified in Australia are off-river. All 22,000 of them are outside national parks and urban areas.
The locations of these sites are shown below. Each site has between 1 gigawatt-hour (GWh) and 300GWh of storage potential. To put this in perspective, our earlier research showed that Australia needs just 450GWh of storage capacity (and 20GW of generation power) spread across a few dozen sites to support a 100% renewable electricity system.
In other words, Australia has so many good sites for PHES that only the best 0.1% of them will be needed. Developers can afford to be choosy with this significant oversupply of sites.
Pumped hydro sites in Australia. ANU/ARENA, Author provided
Here is a state-by-state breakdown of sites (detailed maps of sites, images and information can be found here):
NSW/ACT: Thousands of sites scattered over the eastern third of the state
Victoria: Thousands of sites scattered over the eastern half of the state
Tasmania: Thousands of sites scattered throughout the state outside national parks
Queensland: Thousands of sites along the Great Dividing Range within 200km of the coast, including hundreds in the vicinity of the many wind and PV farms currently being constructed in the state
South Australia: Moderate number of sites, mostly in the hills east of Port Pirie and Port Augusta
Western Australia: Concentrations of sites in the east Kimberley (around Lake Argyle), the Pilbara and the Southwest; some are near mining sites including Kalgoorlie. Fewer large hills than other states, and so the minimum height difference has been set at 200m rather than 300m.
Northern Territory: Many sites about 300km south-southwest of Darwin; a few sites within 200km of Darwin; many good sites in the vicinity of Alice Springs. Minimum height difference also set at 200m.
The maps below show synthetic Google Earth images for potential upper reservoirs in two site-rich regions (more details on the site search are available here). There are many similarly site-rich regions across Australia. The larger reservoirs shown in each image are of such a scale that only about a dozen of similar size distributed across the populated regions of Australia would be required to stabilise a 100% renewable electricity system.
Araluen Valley near Canberra. At most, one of the sites shown would be developed. ANU/ARENA, Author provided
Townsville, Queensland. At most, one of the sites shown would be developed. ANU/ARENA, Author provided
The chart below shows the largest identified off-river PHES site in each state in terms of energy storage potential. Also shown for comparison are the Tesla battery and the solar thermal systems to be installed in South Australia, and the proposed Snowy 2.0 system.
Largest identified off-river PHES sites in each state, together with other storage systems for comparison. ANU/ARENA, Author provided
The map below shows the location of PHES sites in Queensland together with PV and wind farms currently in an advanced stage of development, as well as the location of the Galilee coal prospect. It is clear that developers of PV and wind farms will be able to find a PHES site close by if needed for grid balancing.
Solar PV (yellow) and wind (green) farms currently in an advanced stage of development in Queensland, together with the Galilee coal prospect (black) and potential PHES sites (blue).ANU/ARENA, Author provided
Annual water requirements of a PHES-supported 100% renewable electricity grid would be less than one-third that of the current fossil fuel system, because wind and PV do not require cooling water. About 3,600ha of PHES reservoir is required to support a 100% renewable electricity grid for Australia, which is 0.0005% of Australia's land area, and far smaller than the area of existing water storages.
PHES, batteries and demand management are all likely to have prominent roles as the grid transitions to 50-100% renewable energy. Currently, about 3GW per year of wind and PV are being installed. If this continued until 2030 it would be enough to supply half of Australia's electricity consumption. If this rate is doubled then Australia will reach 100% renewable electricity in about 2033.
Fast-track development of a few excellent PHES sites can be completed in 2022 to balance the grid when Liddell and other coal-fired power stations close.
By Andrew Blakers, Bin Lu, and Matthew Stocks
Andrew Blakers is Professor of Engineering, Bin Lu is Ph.D. candidate and Matthew Stocks is Research Fellow, all at Australian National University.
For full details on their research, see here.
This article was first published on The Conversation and is republished here with permission.
Original Post
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In a landmark decision on Thursday, a jury in New Jersey found a so-called gay conversion therapy group guilty of violating the state's consumer fraud law by claiming it could help change people's sexual orientation from gay to straight.
The group, Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing (JONAH), is a conversion therapy referral service based in Jersey City. The lawsuit was filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center on behalf of three former clients and two mothers whose sons participated in the therapy. The plaintiffs said they were subjected to humiliating treatments with therapists recommended by JONAH, and argued that the group had used deception to lure them into therapy.
“You can't tell gay people they're sick so that you can sell them a bogus cure,” Lina Bensman, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, told Mother Jones.
“You can't tell gay people they're sick so that you can sell them a bogus cure.”
In a pretrial decision in February, Superior Court Judge Peter F. Bariso Jr. ruled that therapists who claim homosexuality is a curable mental disorder are committing consumer fraud. The trial began earlier this month and included heated testimonies from both sides. During closing arguments on Wednesday, JONAH's lead attorney Charles LiMandri called the plaintiffs “flat-out liars,” claiming they had spoken positively about their therapy initially but later changed their stories.
In any case, their testimony convinced the jury that JONAH relied on dicey methods and a refuted definition of homosexuality as a disorder. Chaim Levin, a 26-year-old former client, recalled a therapy exercise in which they were instructed to make a negative comment about themselves before removing an article of clothing, repeating the process until they were naked, at which point they were told to touch their private parts. During group therapy, clients were allegedly encouraged to reenact scenes of past sexual abuse. “They told me to pick someone to represent my cousin, my abuser, and someone to represent the childhood version of me,” Levin said, according to a transcript of their testimony. They added that the person representing their cousin kept saying, “If you don't give me a blow job, I'm not going to love you anymore.”
The jury ordered the defendants pay a total of $72,400 in damages to the plaintiffs—three times the amount the plaintiffs paid for JONAH's program, and covering the additional costs one plaintiff paid for subsequent therapy to recover, the Southern Poverty Law Center wrote in a statement. The judge will make a decision later about the SPLC's request to revoke JONAH's license.
Conversion therapy has been rejected by major health organizations, including the American Psychiatric Association, which scrapped homosexuality from the list of disorders in its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1973. Late last year, a transgender teenager in Ohio committed suicide after participating in conversion therapy, sparking a campaign for a federal ban on the practice. New Jersey, California, and Washington, DC, have laws banning licensed conversion therapists from working with minors.
(Reuters) - Representatives from major U.S. manufacturing and shipping trade groups met with White House officials this week to ask for a federal negotiator to intervene in a months-long labor dispute that has slowed West Coast ports ahead of the holiday season, according to sources present at the meeting.
Obama administration officials did not agree to a timeline or commit to introducing a negotiator, the sources said, though a representative from the National Retail Federation described the near hour-long meeting as a “good discussion.” Representatives for the National Association of Manufacturers, the Toy Industry Association and the Consumer Electronics Association were also present.
The dispute centers on ongoing contract negotiations between maritime shippers and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU), which represents 20,000 West Coast full- and part-time dockworkers. A six-year contract expired this July.
Neither the Pacific Maritime Association, which represents the shippers, nor the ILWU were present at Wednesday's meeting, though both were aware that it took place.
“This kind of meetings are fairly routine when important contract negotiations are under way,” said Craig Merrilees, ILWU spokesperson. “The ILWU remains focused on negotiating a fair settlement as quickly as possible.”
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Negotiations, which began in May, have become acrimonious in recent days as cargo congestion has built up at the two busiest U.S. container ports in advance of peak cargo season.
Management has accused the union of organizing work slowdowns while labor officials cite other factors contributing to delays such as a shortage of unloading equipment and unusually high cargo traffic at the Los Angeles and Long Beach, California, docks.
On Wednesday, the six U.S. senators from California, Washington and Oregon sent an open letter to both sides, asking them to resolve the contract negotiations in order to ensure the “health, safety and economic well-being of the 13,600 longshore, clerk, and supervisor workers ... as well as for companies large and small, agriculture producers, ports, and international buyers around the world.”
Giant crack appears in the earth in Mexico
Find Your Forecast Search for a location
Daniel Martins
Digital Reporter
Monday, August 25, 2014, 6:49 PM - Here's something that's been making the rounds on the internet: A massive fissure that split the earth in northwestern Mexico earlier this month.
Sky News says the crack opened up last week near Hermosillo, in the state of Sonora, and is up to 8 m deep and around 5 m across.
It's caused havoc for travellers in the area, as it severed a highway linking Hermosillo to the coast, and Sky News said a similar crack appeared near another highway in the same state.
The aerial footage in the video above was shot by Hermosillo Desde el Cielo.
As for what caused it, however, it looks like opinions are divided.
Sky's take says authorities in the area blame an earthquake earlier in the month for the crack, but it also quotes the El Imparcial newspaper as saying farmers in the area may be partially to blame; It seems they built a levee in the area to contain rainwater, and a leak in the structure may have allowed water to seep into the soil, undermining the earth and causing the collapse.
Huffington Post, meanwhile, quotes Mexican newspaper Espresso as pointing to heavy rainfall in the area as the culprit.
MUST-SEE: Watch a timelapse of an aurora, shot while the International space Station passed through it.
A leading cause of post-traumatic stress disorder is guilt that troops experience because of moral dilemmas faced in combat, according to preliminary findings of a study of active-duty Marines.
The conflicts that servicemembers feel may include "survivor's guilt," from living through an attack in which other servicemembers died, and witnessing or participating in the unintentional killing of women or children, researchers involved in the study say.
"How do they come to terms with that? They have to forgive themselves for pulling the trigger," says retired Navy captain Bill Nash, a psychiatrist and study co-author.
The idea of "moral injury" as a cause of PTSD is new to psychiatry. The American Psychiatric Association is only now considering new diagnostic criteria for the disorder that would include feelings of shame and guilt, says David Spiegel, a member of the working group rewriting the PTSD section.
Traditionally, PTSD symptoms such as nightmares or numbness to the world have been linked to combat violence, fear of being killed or loss of friends.
Half of all Iraq and Afghanistan veterans treated by the Department of Veterans Affairs have been diagnosed with mental health issues and the most common is PTSD, which is experienced by nearly 200,000 of these veterans, according to the VA.
PTSD caused by moral injury can lead to more severe reactions such as family violence or even suicide, says Jonathan Shay, a psychiatrist who has worked on military mental health policies.
The Marine Corps study helps expand the knowledge of the relationship between moral injury and PTSD, says Shira Maguen, a psychologist and VA researcher who has studied links between killing and the disorder among Vietnam War, Gulf War and Iraq War veterans.
"This (Marine Corps) study is important because so little work has been done to understand moral injury in a scientific context," Maguen says.
The ongoing research involves about 2,600 Marines and sailors examined before and after combat tours.
The preliminary findings on moral injury were gleaned from 208 Marines involved in severe combat in Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010. It showed that three months after coming home, 7% of the Marines likely had PTSD. Their condition was more closely linked to an inner conflict rather than threats to their lives, the sight of bodies or blood or family problems, the study said.
Ronald Mulkearns, who was bishop of Ballarat during some of the worst episodes of child sex abuse perpetuated by priests, has died aged 86.
Mulkearns, who had colon cancer, died on Monday morning, the Catholic diocese of Ballarat said.
The child abuse royal commission has heard that Mulkearns, who was bishop between 1971 and 1997, knew the paedophile priest Gerald Francis Ridsdale and others were sexually abusing children and moved them between parishes. They also destroyed documents in Ridsdale's file, the commission heard.
Bishop moved priests who abused children between parishes, royal commission hears Read more
One victim, Stephen Woods, who was abused as a child in Ballarat, said on Monday the church should not stage a high-profile funeral for Mulkearns.
“The most sensitive route for the Catholic church in Ballarat now is to have a very modest funeral, where it is recognised that the legacy of this man is one of trauma and devastation of individuals, of families and of communities,” Woods told Guardian Australia.
Mulkearns gave evidence before the royal commission into institutional responses into child sexual abuse in February after the head of the commission, Justice Peter McClellan, refused to accept an application from Mulkearns' lawyers that they were too ill to give evidence.
McClellan required Mulkearns to give evidence via videolink from their nursing home. When they appeared before the commission later that month, Mulkearns told the commission they had retired early in part due to their failure to get to grips with the prevalence of offending.
“I certainly regret that I didn't deal differently with paedophilia,” they told the commission. “We had no idea, or I had no idea, of the effects of the incidents that took place.”
The commission heard that Mulkearns was involved in decisions to move suspected paedophiles between parishes rather than report them to police or expel them. A royal commission cannot prosecute people, but it can refer matters to police for further investigation.
Woods said it was a relief that Mulkearns had been made to face the commission before they died, though they claimed in many of their answers not to recall key pieces of information.
George Pell wasn't much interested in stories of abuse by priests. Which was lucky for their career | David Marr Read more
“The royal commission showed us that even when you are old and ill, you still will be held accountable by authorities that have courage, the sort of courage that Mulkearns did not show, not to their victims and not to their families,” they said.
When Australia's most senior Catholic, Cardinal George Pell, gave evidence before the commission in March, they laid a lot of the blame for the church's failure to address child sexual abuse on Mulkearns.
“The responsibility lay with the person who did not act when they should have and that would certainly seem to have been Bishop Mulkearns for sure,” Pell told the commission.
Leonie Sheedy, who heads the Care Leavers Australia Network for survivors of abuse within foster care and orphanages described Mulkearns as “one of the worst enablers of paedophiles in the church's history”.
“He failed to report any crimes,” they told Guardian Australia. “He failed to acknowledge that so many priests were abusing children despite the complaints made to him. They knew the reputation of a list of paedophile priests, but the reputation of the church was foremost in their mind.”
The royal commission into institutional responses into child sexual abuse was established in 2013 by the then Labor government to investigate how institutions like schools, churches, sports clubs and government organisations have responded to allegations and instances of child sexual abuse. Its work is expected to continue until 2017.
Depression is known to be a common symptom of Parkinson's disease, but remains untreated for many patients, according to a new study by Northwestern Medicine investigators in collaboration with the National Parkinson's Foundation (NPF).
In fact, depression is the most prevalent non-motor symptom of Parkinson's, a chronic neurodegenerative disorder typically associated with movement dysfunction.
“We confirmed suspicion that depression is a very common symptom in Parkinson's disease. Nearly a quarter of the people in the study reported symptoms consistent with depression,” said Danny Bega, MD, '14 GME, instructor in the Ken and Ruth Davee Department of Neurology and first author of the study. “This is important because previous research has determined that depression is a major determinant of overall quality of life.”
Using the NPS's patient database, the investigators looked at records of more than 7,000 people with Parkinson's disease. Among those with high levels of depressive symptoms, only one-third had been prescribed antidepressants before the study began, and even fewer saw social workers or mental health professionals for counseling.
The investigators then focused their analysis on the remaining two-thirds of patients with depressive symptoms who were not receiving treatment at the start of the study. Throughout a year of observation, less than 10 percent of them received prescriptions for antidepressants or referrals to counseling. Physicians were most likely to identify depression and advocate treatment for patients with the severest depression scores.
The findings were published in the Journal of Parkinson's Disease.
“The majority of these patients remained untreated,” said Dr. Bega. “Still, the physician recognition of depression in this population was actually better than previous reports had suggested.”
However, recognition may be lower for the general population of patients with Parkinson's disease – the patients in this study visited medical centers deemed “Centers of Excellence” by the NPF.
“Physicians must be more vigilant about screening patients for depression as part of a routine assessment of Parkinson's disease, and the effectiveness of different treatments for depression in this population need to be assessed,” said Dr. Bega.
Blogging about the new era of Star Wars is extremely thrilling and rewarding on its own account. And why not — Star Wars is back in full swing and as vital as ever with a future as bright as the twin suns of Tatooine; that will last for years and years — a hundred, as George joked . . . we can only hope. And writing for a Star Wars Blog puts us in a privileged position to receive “Top Secret” information. Sometimes that info turns out to be complete poo-doo, but sometimes that info turns out to be, let's just say, “interesting.” Well, lately we've just received some very, very juicy details which could very well prove EXTREMELY SPOILERIFIC. Proceed with plenty of salt in hand and, oh, yeah, caveat emptor!
Recently, we here at Star Wars 7 News engaged in some tantalizing discussions with one of our sources. As I've said, their information could prove to be not only spoilerific, but also incendiary to some.
Through a private dialogue, they have revealed to us that they have been “lurking” on the site for a “long time.” They also think that some of the info people discuss in The Cantina is pretty close to what they have been told, but, as with our usual caveats they added that, the speculation is overboard as Oscar Isaac alluded to and way off in directions the story is not going to go. So, as the great Samuel L. Jackson famously said in a franchise that wasn't Star Wars, “Hold onto your butts!”
Our source started us off with a bit of a primer; nothing too revealing, not too much we didn't already know: There are a lot of code names used in the production. When there has been reference to “pirates” that is a code for “Rebels.” It's all the code name stuff such as “Carousel, House of Mirrors, Catapult” (that's the main weapon that could destroy everything.) They also stated that there could be space pirates as well, along the lines of Hondo Ohnaka from The Clone Wars, but not according to their information. The first revelation is a bit of a doozy in the sense that it seems confounding, yet legitimate. They told us that “Rey” is only a temporary alias at the beginning of the film and that Rey is not actually them name.
Recall that we debunked the Kira rumor early on, during the Puzzlewood shoot. See the sign below? That's from Daisy Ridley's on-set trailer at Puzzlewood in the forest of Dean. Also notice the “AVCO” code name?
According to this source, Rey's identity is setup for a plot-twist. Even when we saw pictures of their name on the production site we were told it's just a code name, which we presumed to be true given the secretive nature of the production and the history of using code names etc . . . Well, this flies in the face of logic and reason as this name, presumably just a code, persists to be associated with Daisy Ridley's character even after the name “Rey” has been revealed. Why? Why insist that the name is real if it weren't and already debunked? Rey is an alias which they feel is because she's really Solo's daughter.
Moving on from the Rey plot twist, this source also gave us this little nugget — BB-8 is really owned by Poe Dameron at the beginning of the film.
This shatters a lot of preconceived notions surrounding the droid, which, to summarize, most people believed was Rey's from the beginning. It's easy to make that assumption since Rey and BB-8 are both introduced to us, via teaser trailer, on the desert planet which is presumed to be Tatooine. As much as everyone is dying to know everything they can about BB-8, I think we'll focus more on Poe now. The source also told us that Poe is captured early in the film after they confront someone called JK, which they speculated as being a “Jedi Killer.” Jedi Killer sounds intriguing. Could this be the long-rumored Sith Inquisitor? Could it be Kylo Ren? OR is it Gwendoline Christie's alleged chrometrooper commander??? Inquiring minds want to know!
They didn't provide any answers about JK, but here's what else we learned about Poe Dameron — If you look closely at the teaser trailer you'll notice that Poe's X-wing is torched on the side because Flame Troopers burn it up at one point.
And while we're on the subject of Poe Dameron our source gave us plenty of elaboration about Dameron's role in the story. Be warned, you still have time to turn back. For those determined to move forward, our source said there is an X-wing attack on something code named the “Catapult” at the end of the movie and that Poe is piloting the black X-wing which is code named “Tilt-A-Whirl” by the production. This meshes well with the speculation members of the Cantina have posited.
Those are some pretty specific plot details. The source also revealed how the new “Big 3” become entangled as it were: In the opening of film Poe Dameron, with their droid BB-8, is on a cliff overlooking a town, a la Kenobi in A New Hope looking at Mos Eisley, watching a settlement being torched. Dameron sends BB-8 to town which is what we see in the trailer. Dameron confronts JK and a fight ensues; they are captured and hauled aboard an orbiting Star Destroyer.
Well, IF Poe is captured they seem to escape. That ‘s where Finn comes in: Finn is aboard the “House of Mirrors” (Star Destroyer code name?) Finn reveals themselves to Poe, entering their cell reminiscent of when Luke appears in Leia's cell, and they plan their escape. Since Finn cannot fly they need Poe to fly the elite-type Tie Fighter, painted black and red, that crash-lands in the desert. The source believes that we see Finn emerging from the crashed Tie in the teaser trailer. They then meet up with Rey. The three team up and Finn loves the light saber they have and they confide in them their wishes to defect and Poe convinces them theirs is a good guy. Poe needs to get back to the Rebels so they get their X-wing out of the junkyard and they head off.
(note: MakingStarWars first reported a similar rumor about Finn and Poe)
Whatever planet they crash on, most likely Tatooine, is the same desert planet wherein we find Rey. The trio get together and Rey somehow acquires BB-8. The source adds that Poe heads back to join the Rebels and Finn and Kira head-off to find Han and Chewie and the fun ensues . . . The source suspects Rey and Finn find them in the Cantina, but is unsurte. Yeah, we checked our Cantina forum and they're not there. And speaking of “them,” our source had this to say about something that's been speculated upon since 2012 — Han Solo isn't in the final scene of the movie. The source suspects that they are dead. That's something that many have surmised ever since the Sequel Trilogy was announced. And our source doesn't make mention of how they know this so we have to presume that it was just part of the information dump they received from their sources.
There you have it. That's a lot of juicy information to digest and, of course, as always will be left for you to decide what to believe or not believe. I will leave you with a few of my own thoughts on the matter — much of this information is already known to the die-hard Star wars fan who has been following the production from the beginning. A lot of what that source told us could be excellent conjecture on their part. However, the one bit that leads me to believe they have been told “inside info” is that they still believe their name is Kira despite the multitude of debunking.
So what do you think about these rumors? Let us know in the comments section or in The Cantina forum. And for those of you who have yet to join the forum, now is never too late! We still have over three hundred days to discuss these and other topics before the phenomenon that is The Force Awakens is unleashed on the world.
Two weeks ago a report declared that Australians were the richest people in the world because our median wealth is $US219,500. The Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report for 2013 found that our wealth per adult is $US403,000, and second only to Switzerland.
But are we really the richest nation in the world? And even if we are, how fairly is that wealth distributed?
Tiered society: While Australia is one of the richest nations, 11.8 per cent live in poverty. Credit:Brendan Esposito
Another report out just a week ago - at the beginning of anti-poverty week - found that 11.8 per cent of Australians, and more distressingly 11.8 per cent of children under 15, were living in poverty.
The above figures are from the Poverty, Social Exclusion and Disadvantage report prepared for UnitingCare Children, Young People and Families by NATSEM. That research uses the same measure that the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) uses when measuring poverty of developed countries. This considers a household to be in poverty if its after-tax income is less than half of the median after-tax income of all households in Australia. That works out to be households on incomes less than $19,136. So we have 11.8 per cent of the 8.18 million Australian households living on less than $20,000 a year. How can it be that our median wealth is so high, but so many people are earning so little? The answer is simple - the gap between the rich and poor continues to grow wider.
Take, for example, the global financial crisis and how it impacted most of us. Sure, many of us had to rein in our spending, but we survived. The trend in child poverty rates - which fell in 2005-2006, then rose during the GFC to current levels - indicates a much bigger impact of the crisis on low-income households. They were more likely to feel the pain of job losses, or cutbacks in hours for casuals, which was then experienced more sharply by their children. One of the reasons why Australians are apparently wealthy is because much of our wealth is in real assets, which can be pretty much interpreted as real estate. That means as house prices have risen, so have wealth levels, if you're lucky enough to own a property.
If you're a renter, it might be a different story. In the NATSEM report, NSW had the most local government areas with rental stress of 30 per cent or above, at 73. That was followed by Victoria, with 48 areas in rental stress of 30 per cent or more. A household in rental stress is one that is in the bottom 40 per cent of the nation's income distribution and where rental payments account for more than 30 per cent of income.
It should come as no surprise that employment is a key factor in staying out of poverty. Families with someone employed full-time in 2011-12 had only a 3 per cent poverty rate, but that rate increased to 17 per cent if you only had someone in part-time employment and 35.9 per cent if no one in the household was in work. Single parent households were also more likely to be in poverty, with their poverty rate at just under 20 per cent, compared with 8.9 per cent for couples with dependant children. So before we celebrate how rich a nation we have become, consider whether this is truly a measure of success, when so many people are unable to enjoy it.
The 'Michelin curse' comes to Hong Kong
Image caption One customer who seems as keen on the dumplings as the Michelin judges
Winning recognition in the annual Michelin Guide is one of the most sought-after honours in the restaurant business.
But in Hong Kong, a city plagued by high rents, the accolade may bring unexpected challenges.
Just ask the owner of Kai Kai Dessert, which specialises in classic Cantonese desserts like steamed egg pudding, red bean soup with lotus seed, and papaya and white fungus soup.
Chiu Wai Yip, 58, told BBC News that just weeks after being featured in the Michelin guide in November, the shop's landlord more than doubled the rent from HK$100,000 ($12,900; £8,800) to HK$220,000 ($28,378; £19,400) a month.
What's more, the landlord wanted to halve the amount of space the eatery currently occupies.
"It's really too bad," Mr Chiu says. "After we were recognised by the guide, the owner raised the rent by a huge sum. So, we have no choice but to relocate. We have no other option really."
Image caption A loyal customer came to the aid of Chiu Wai Yip and their delicious desserts
The family-owned business has been an institution in the gourmet haven of Jordan for three decades.
Even in the middle of the afternoon, not a traditional time for dessert, every table at the eatery is occupied by customers slurping its delicately sweet creations.
Luckily for Mr Chiu, after hearing their plight, a regular customer came to their rescue.
In March, Kai Kai will move around the corner, where they will pay a cheaper rent of HK$90,000 per month.
Kai Kai is one of about two dozen street food eateries in Hong Kong featured in the Michelin guide for the first time.
The inclusion of such accessible, authentic local fare was praised by many food critics and bloggers, although, as often happens in the controversial foodie world, the exact choices were hotly debated.
But because all of them charge such low prices - a bowl of pudding at Kai Kai costs less than three US dollars - they are vulnerable to enormous rental increases, resulting in what some call the "Michelin curse".
Image caption Kai Kai is an institution in the foodie haven of Jordan
Another establishment similarly affected is Cheung Hing Kee, which specialises in Shanghai-style fried dumplings.
Called shengjianbao, they are moist on top and pan-fried to a golden brown crunchiness on the bottom.
Eating them takes some practice. If you're not careful, a mouthful of sticky, savoury pork broth will shoot out onto the unsuspecting diner.
An order of four dumplings, enough for a moderately hungry person, costs HK$28 ($3.60; £2.50).
Owner Sun Kei, 50, and their business partner started the tiny eatery in the modest working-class neighbourhood of Tsuen Wan three years ago.
Both have family roots in Shanghai and wanted to bring the fried soup dumplings to Hong Kong.
Image caption Shengjianbao Shanghai dumplings - a feast for the stomach and the eyes
The former British colony, Mr Sun says, is quickly losing its culinary street culture because of high rental costs and rising salaries.
According to research from real estate firm Jones Lang Lasalle, rental prices among high street shops in Hong Kong have nearly doubled since the city was handed back to China in 1997.
Denis Ma, head of Hong Kong research for estate agency JLL, says they think the "Michelin curse" is a myth. They believe gentrification and changing demographics are to blame for sky-high rents.
Prices actually peaked in October 2014, and have been falling steadily since.
That has not helped Mr Sun, who started rental renewal negotiations with the landlord before being recognised by the Michelin guide.
After winning the honour, they say, the landlord's attitude hardened and they refused to budge from a 30% increase in monthly rent.
Image caption The dumplings had customers queuing up long before a certain French food guide arrived
"I don't blame Michelin for this," Mr Sun says. "To be honest, I don't really blame the landlord either. They have to make a living. They should be trying to get what they can."
"But the Hong Kong government has not done a good job in managing the rental market, leading many small and medium restaurants to close. Hong Kong used to be a food capital. Now, that glory is really fading. And its getting worse and worse."
They want the government to reinstate a rent control policy that was abolished in 1998.
But even that policy had applied only to residential, not commercial, rentals.
Buoyed by the Michelin recognition, Mr Sun plans to open a new branch of the eatery in the commercial district of Tsim Sha Tsui, which is popular with tourists and office workers.
But news of the move has angered many loyal customers.
They are sharing photos of the closing notice on their social media networks, decrying what they call "greedy landlords".
One of them, Crystal, says they feel like crying.
"There are many good restaurants in Tsuen Wan. That's why I still live here," they explain. "I think it's a real shame they're moving."
Image caption Moving location has been wrenching for restaurant owners and customers
Mr Sun says they are just as sad to be abandoning the neighbourhood that gave them their start as an entrepreneur.
"Of course it was great to be recognised by Michelin," they say. "It was public recognition of our team, our food and our service. It really encouraged us. But, of course, not everything resulting from that was positive."
They vow to return to Tsuen Wan as soon as they can find a new location.
Like the owner of Kai Kai Dessert, Mr Sun is realising that being featured by the Michelin guide has its downsides.
Drugs and alcohol: If you're talking about drug use or abuse, or if you're drinking alcohol in your videos, your videos will likely not be available in Restricted Mode.
If you're talking about drug use or abuse, or if you're drinking alcohol in your videos, your videos will likely not be available in Restricted Mode. Sex: While some educational, straightforward conversations about sexual education may be included in Restricted Mode, overly detailed conversations about sex or sexual activity will likely be removed. This is one of the more difficult topics to train our systems on, and context is key. If your music video features adult themes like sex or drug use, that video will likely not make it into Restricted Mode.
While some educational, straightforward conversations about sexual education may be included in Restricted Mode, overly detailed conversations about sex or sexual activity will likely be removed. This is one of the more difficult topics to train our systems on, and context is key. If your music video features adult themes like sex or drug use, that video will likely not make it into Restricted Mode. Violence: If your video includes graphic descriptions of violence, violent acts, natural disasters and tragedies, or even violence in the news, it will likely not appear in Restricted Mode.
If your video includes graphic descriptions of violence, violent acts, natural disasters and tragedies, or even violence in the news, it will likely not appear in Restricted Mode. Mature subjects: Videos that cover specific details about events related to terrorism, war, crime, and political conflicts that resulted in death or serious injury may not be available on Restricted Mode, even if no graphic imagery is shown.
Videos that cover specific details about events related to terrorism, war, crime, and political conflicts that resulted in death or serious injury may not be available on Restricted Mode, even if no graphic imagery is shown. Profane and mature language: Inappropriate language including profanity like “F bombs” will also likely result in your video not being available in Restricted Mode.
It's been a few weeks since we posted about Restricted Mode so we wanted to give everyone an update on where things are. Restricted Mode is designed to be an optional feature that helps filter out more mature content from view, so that institutions like schools and libraries as well as people who prefer a more limited experience would feel comfortable offering access to YouTube. We want to clarify that Restricted Mode should not filter out content belonging to individuals or groups based on certain attributes like gender, gender identity, political viewpoints, race, religion or sexual orientation.Back in March, our community alerted us that our systems were not working as intended, in particular, that we were unintentionally filtering content from Restricted Mode that shouldn't have been. After a thorough investigation, we started making several improvements to Restricted Mode. On the engineering side, we fixed an issue that was incorrectly filtering videos for this feature, and now 12 million additional videos of all types -- including hundreds of thousands featuring LGBTQ+ content -- are available in Restricted Mode.We also spent time over the last few weeks talking with creators and third-party organizations to better understand their experiences and questions. One thing we heard loud and clear was people's desire to report videos they believed were being inappropriately excluded from Restricted Mode. Starting today, we're providing a form to allow creators and viewers alike to give us feedback about this. We will use this input to help improve our automated system going forward.We also heard that many people simply wanted to know what gets a video taken out of Restricted Mode. Here are some clearer guidelines creators should think about if they want their videos to appear in Restricted Mode:Thanks to you, our community of fans and creators, we've made progress over the last few weeks. Though Restricted Mode will never be perfect, we hope to build on our progress so far to continue making our systems more accurate and the overall Restricted Mode experience better over time.
While European truffles have been harvested on a significant scale since the 19th century, Oregon's truffle harvest is a relatively recent phenomenon. The industry had only just begun to germinate in 1977 when James Beard gave it a boost, declaring at a mushroom symposium that Oregon white truffles were as good as their Italian counterparts.
But the harvests in Europe and Oregon differ in another, significant respect. European foragers use dogs or pigs trained to sniff out ripe truffles, ensuring a crop of uniformly high quality; Italian law mandates the use of dogs.
Most commercial foragers in Oregon harvest the fungi by raking, a method that gathers both mature and immature truffles. The problem is amplified when foragers try to beat competitors by raking for truffles progressively earlier in the growing season.
Charles Lefevre — whose company, New World Truffieres, in Eugene, Ore., specializes in truffle cultivation — said they thought that the resulting crop neither consistently conveyed the full culinary potential of Oregon truffles, nor commanded the prices that it could.
Photo
To help fix that, in 2006 Mr. Lefevre, who holds a Ph.D. in forest mycology, and their wife, Leslie Scott, founded the Oregon Truffle Festival, an annual event that seeks to improve the reputation of Oregon truffles by promoting the use of truffle dogs.
In 2009, Mr. Lefevre was among the authors of a white paper saying that industry oversight to ensure the use of dogs, combined with cultivation efforts and careful management of the truffle habitat, could raise the value of Oregon's crop (worth $300,000 to harvesters at the time) a hundredfold by 2030, and benefit the region's economy through increased sales, exports and culinary tourism.
Elizabeth Kalik, a former trainer of search-and-rescue dogs in Oregon City, read an article in the dog enthusiast magazine Bark in which Mr. Lefevre described the need for truffle dogs. Intrigued by the prospect of a new outlet for their canine expertise, they tracked them down and promptly trained their dogs, a Newfoundland and two Beaucerons, to home in on the scent of truffles.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
They and a former search-and-rescue colleague, Kelly Slocum, founded NW Truffle Dogs in 2010. To date, the school has trained 46 dogs — including a papillon and a pit bull — as well as their owners, who must learn to detect the changes in a dog's behavior and posture as it closes in on its quarry. Truffles are a food, after all, and some dogs will eagerly gobble them up if not watched carefully.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Oregon black truffles exude an aroma reminiscent of pineapple and dark chocolate, while the white and brown varieties evoke a mélange of spices, sulfur and ripe cheese. For dogs, whose noses are extraordinarily sensitive, tracking these aromas to their source is relatively straightforward.
“Scent training is one of the easiest things you can do with a dog, because of the natural proclivity,” Ms. Kalik said. But before any instruction, they and Ms. Slocum evaluate each dog's suitability for truffling, which requires a good degree of fitness, an ability to think independently and focus on a task for hours, and a tolerance for occasionally cold, damp conditions.
“You can train any breed,” said Ms. Kalik, but breeds like Labrador and golden retrievers, which make good pets and good working dogs, are “a happy medium.”
To date, all of the school's graduates, including Ms. Hickey and Mr. Campen, have been amateur foragers. Ms. Kalik and Ms. Slocum encourage their students to spread the word by joining their local mycological society and taking their dogs on group foraging trips, where they can show their abilities.
While Ms. Hickey and Mr. Campen have yet to join such a club, they are happily finding uses for the fruits, or fungi, of their labor. Ms. Hickey's current favorite is truffled potato gratin.
During the foray through the woods, after zigzagging through the sword ferns for nearly an hour, Sasha came to an abrupt halt, sniffed the air, and began to backtrack, their zigs and zags becoming smaller and more precise. Moments later, the dog put their snout to the ground, their tail wagging in a slow, peculiar way that whispered “truffle.”
Mr. Campen scampered over, knelt beside them and began scratching at the soil with a soup spoon. With a whoop, they held aloft an Oregon black truffle the size of a table tennis ball — the first of several. It was earthy, fruity and, owing to the nose that found it, unquestionably, aromatically and exquisitely ripe.
Questions raised about fairness of trial due to Trump repeatedly calling the soldier, held captive by the Taliban after walking off their post, a ‘no-good traitor'
A military judge called Donald Trump's scathing campaign-trail criticism of army Sgt Bowe Bergdahl “disturbing” on Monday and questioned whether it would make the public think the soldier could not get a fair trial for walking off their post in Afghanistan in 2009.
During a pre-trial hearing, defense attorneys played part of a video exhibit in which Trump repeatedly says at campaign appearances that Bergdahl is a “traitor” who should be harshly punished. Bergdahl's lawyers argue the comments violate their client's due-process rights and that the case should be dismissed.
Bowe Bergdahl's lawyers say new president's criticism threatens fair trial Read more
The judge, army Col Jeffery Nance, didnot immediately rule on the defense request, but called the footage of Trump condemning Bergdahl “disturbing material”. A written decision was expected later.
Defense lawyers played about five minutes of the footage in which Trump repeatedly used phrases such as “no-good traitor” to refer to the soldier who was held captive by the Taliban and its allies for five years.
Bergdahl sat mostly still during the video presentation, looking away at times. By the end of the footage, the muscles in Bergdahl's jaw were visibly bulging as they apparently clenched their teeth.
Prosecutors say Trump's comments amounted to campaign rhetoric against actions taken by the Obama administration to bring Bergdahl home.
“These comments are clearly intended to try to attack a political opponent for political gain,” said army Maj Justin Oshana, a prosecutor.
The Obama administration's decision in May 2014 to exchange Bergdahl for five Taliban prisoners prompted some Republicans to accuse Obama of jeopardizing the nation's safety.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Barack Obama stands with Bowe's parents, Jani and Bob Bergdahl, in May 2014 during a news conference about the release of their son. Photograph: Carolyn Kaster/AP
Oshana said potential jurors' exposure to Trump's comments could be addressed through questioning during jury selection. They added that it would be unprecedented to dismiss the case without first trying to seat a jury.
But Nance asked, “how does that relate to overcoming the black eye to the military justice system … the view the public might have?”
That question goes to the heart of the defense argument that Trump's comments constitute unlawful command influence by the new commander-in-chief. Even the appearance of such unfairness can theoretically derail a military case.
The defense's motion, filed shortly after Trump was sworn in as president, cites more than 40 instances of Trump's criticism at public appearances and media interviews through August 2016.
Eugene Fidell, Bergdahl's defense attorney, argued o Monday that Trump has kept other campaign promises, so their comments about Bergdahl should be taken seriously. They played a clip of Trump promising their audience at a December 2015 campaign rally to review the case if Bergdahl got a light punishment.
Nance also took note of that statement, asking prosecutors: “You're not at all concerned about the statement they made, ‘If I get in we will review their case' … after ranting and raving about no jail time?”
A White House spokesperson didnot immediately respond to a phone call and email seeking comment on Monday about whether Trump plans to review Bergdahl's case.
Bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, the latter of which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison. They have been assigned to desk duty at a Texas army base while awaiting trial.
Bergdahl, who is from Idaho, has said they walked off their post to cause alarm and draw attention to what they saw as problems with their unit.
Their trial is scheduled for April, but a delay seems likely after the judge set a new time frame for working out problems with the handover of classified information as part of the discovery process. They said they would give lawyers until the beginning of April to prepare a status report that will determine future dates in the case.
Frugal Gaming Review – The Golf Club
Hit Me On The Sweet Spot
Often described by its detractors as a good walk spoiled, Golf is a bit of an odd sport. Much like darts, the fitness required to partake is questionable, the fashion has raised more than a few eyebrows, and people that don't get it, well, they just don't get it.
Just like FIFA's all conquering take on football, EA's Tiger Woods franchise has been the only title out there when it comes to a realistic Golf Experience, until now. With the latest instalment of the EA franchise originally planned to release in March this year, HB Studios were all lined up to work on the last gen version alongside EA. With that game being completely canned, and a development team all set up and ready to go, HB took matters into their own hands and The Golf Club was born.
What's Clubs Got To Do With It
Developed and published independently, The Golf Club goes to show what the kind of creative freedom that ditching a big label backer can produce. Much like its real life counterpart, this game is all about skill and judgement. No power bars, no target reticule, no caddy telling you what shot to play, and definitely no rewind button. HB's take on controlling the game is as simple as it can be challenging. Before lining up your shot, pressing Y will bring up a scouting camera, this gives you an idea of where you shot may end up but its a loose camera angle, not an exact target being overlayed on the fairways and greens. It's the same sort of idea with club selection. The only information supplied is the average distance you can thump the ball, straight and true with a full backswing you'll be looking at around 285 yards with a driver, but just like real life you could play a much softer shot, or hook and slice around the various obstacles you'll face.
The accuracy of the analogue sticks on the Xbox one controller here, is quite simply spot on. The kind of shots you can pull off, from sublime to truly shocking, are all down to your deftness with the sticks, and whilst it definitely takes time to master its the most rewarding swing mechanic I've ever come across in a Golf game. Tie that in to that fact the who plays has the exact same player and club stats and you have a game that provides all who play with a completely level playing field, and playing against your friends is what this game is all about.
Another Putt's In The Cup
With more social features that you can shake a stick at, the opportunities for getting one over your Xbox Live friends is immense. You are able to see what course they have set a score on, and then play the same course with their ghost data playing right along side you. If someone starts a round whilst you are on the back 9 of a solo play-through, a small discrete pop up with offer you the chance to play live with them, it's a really great feature that works perfectly. You will always find a course to play and a score to beat, a live news ticker on the main menu constantly keeps you up to date of what's going on, from whose beat your best score to which course to play next. I can't praise the developers highly enough for how this social aspect has been integrated. It's subtle and in no way intrudes if you fancy a quiet 18 holes on your own, but it's constantly teasing and challenging you to try harder, get better, and beat your friends.
So fantastic tight controls, a compelling and social multiplayer element, what more could you want? Well how about unlimited Golf Courses? The Golf Club features a fully fledged Golf Course creator. From really simple to set up procedurally generated courses, where you can set certain parameters to completely hand designed bespoke courses, the options truly are endless. Whilst I've been far too busy playing the course created by the community to completely dive into creating my own, what I have tinkered around with have ended up looking good and more importantly playing rather well indeed. The fact that this course design tool is endorsed by Greg Norman themselves speaks volumes. The developer created courses are obviously a highlight, but the ability to rate each course after playing it lends itself to the best courses rising to the top. You can filter through highest rated to most played either daily, weekly, monthly or all time. After less than a week at full release there are already hundreds of course to chose from, and some of them are absolutely stunning.
Save This Round
The Golf Club is a Golfers golfing game. Some people have bemoaned the lack of a single player career that will see you winning the Masters, but for me at least that's not an issue. The Golf Club is a close as it virtually gets to chucking your clubs in the car and heading to your local course for 18 holes on a Sunday morning. No loading times between holes add to the immersion and the speed it allows you to play at now means you can pick up and play a round in less than half an hour. Never let it be said that I'm a graphics whore, but the only disappointment for me in the entire game is that it's natively rendered at 720p on Xbox One. It still looks fantastic, but it looks even better on PC and the PS4 version is also due to hit 1080p.
HB Studios, have done themselves proud with this game and no matter what version you play, if you're a fan of the sport you are going to love it, more so if you actually play in the real world. When the price was first announced at £27.99 my eyes rolled, as a digital title from a independent studio I thought it was vastly overpriced, however once you dive in and realise just how much love, care and attention has gone into the game, not to mention the ridiculous amount of content on offer. It is without a doubt the best value Golf Game ever released. In even simpler terms it's the best Golf Game that I've ever played, with more courses on the way, and continued content from the HB themselves it's only going to get better.
Review Rating Frugal Gaming Score - 9/10 9/10
The Golf Club is available on PC via Steam, xbox one via the marketplace and PS4 via the store and costs £27.99
Last weekend was the incredible TXJS conference. It was a grand time in hot hot Texas. Joe Bartlett has a great conference roundup, rebecca's pix are quite pretty, and most of the speaker slides are on the official site.
I've rerecorded my talk in screencast form. Here's what to expect from the 52 minute video:
It's jQuery on the big screen. We'll open the jQuery source and run through how the jQuery object works, covering self-executing anonymous functions as a global abatement technique, several interesting jQuery methods, internal jQuery paradigms, and hiddenhancements. You'll learn JavaScript techniques you can apply to your own code, as well as the basic workings of jQuery itself.
Enjoy. Please comment if you have a question or if I messed something up. :)
youtube hosted version here
Red Cross sending tents, jackets and other supplies to the region.
Rescuers clear the debris of a damaged house in quake-hit Majiagou village of Minxian County, northwest China's Gansu province, on July 22. (Photo11: Guo Gang, Xinhua News Agency, via AP) Story Highlights Quake destroyed more than 2,000 homes
The shallow depth of the quake added to the damage
Heavy rains could hamper rescue efforts
BEIJING – An earthquake rocked a rural, semi-arid area of northwestern China's Gansu province on Monday, killing at least 89 people and injuring hundreds more.
Another five people were listed as missing and 628 injured in the quake near the city of Dingxi in Gansu province. About 123,000 people were affected by the quake, with 31,600 people moved to temporary shelters, the provincial earthquake administration said on its website.
The first and strongest of a series of tremors struck at 7:45 a.m. Beijing time south of Dingxi, about 770 miles west of Beijing, toppling farmers' one-story homes and severing power lines. Nearly 2,000 homes were destroyed and about 22,500 damaged, the provincial government said.
That quake measured 6.6, followed by smaller tremors including a magnitude-5.6, according to the Chinese government. The U.S. Geological Survey measured the earlier quake as 5.9, at a relatively shallow depth of 6 miles. Quakes closer to the Earth's surface can cause heavier damage.
Residents take shelter on a street after an earthquake in northwest China on July 22. (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
The Chinese Red Cross said it was shipping 200 tents, 1,000 sets of household items and 2,000 jackets to the area and also sending teams from both Lanzhou and Beijing to help with relief work and assess further needs. The hardest-hit areas were Min and Zhang counties, Chinese state media reported, and the epicenter fell between the two counties.
Heavy rains predicted for the next week could hamper rescue efforts and trigger secondary disasters such as landslides or building collapses. The area is not as heavily populated as many other parts of China. Its farmers sell their famous potatoes to clients worldwide, including U.S. fast-food giants KFC and McDonald's.
Many casualties have been reported in Meichuan township, where teacher Shu Mingming was washing their hair at home in Luzha village when the first tremor struck. "Suddenly the house was shaking violently, and several cracks appeared in the wall," Shu said.
"This is a tile-roofed, one-story house, and all the tiles were falling down. My daughter cried loudly, I quickly picked them up and went out. My hair was still wet. Luckily my wife and father escaped, too," they said.
After the earthquake, Shu said they rushed to their school, but no buildings had collapsed. "The kids are on holiday, and no teachers or staff were injured, so I felt relieved," they said.
State-run CCTV television news showed small, local hospitals overwhelmed with injured people.
Contributing: Sunny Yang
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16TMWwh
NOMMU Linux
Mailing List Our mailing list is nommu@nommu.org, with a mail carrier subscription/archive page at mailing list.
Programming for nommu Linux
A nommu system does not use a memory management unit, which is the part of the processor that translates virtual addresses into physical addresses. In a nommu system, all addresses are physical addresses, which means:
No demand faulting: memory is allocated directly by malloc(), which returns NULL a lot more often.
In a system with an mmu, malloc() doesn't actually allocate memory. The new virtual address range starts with a redundant copy-on-write mapping of the "zero page" (so all reads return zero but are actually reading from the same physical page over and over), and then writes are intercepted and new memory allocated to hold them as needed by the page fault handler.
On an mmu system, malloc() only returns zero when your process has run out of virtual address space (which only ever really happens on 32-bit systems, and even then you've several gigabytes per process). Actual memory exhaustion is handled by the OOM killer. Because of this, mmu Linux programmers often get out of the habit checking for NULL because it almost never happens. (See the Memory FAQ for details on how this works in the mmu case.)
A nommu system hasn't got virtual address, any "mappings" are just the kernel keeping track of what physical memory is allocated and what's free. Instead allocations on nommu must locate a contiguous region of physical memory, memset it to zero, and return a pointer to the start of it. This means malloc() will return NULL if it can't find a sufficiently large contiguous chunk of memory.
This means that large speculative mappings, such as megabytes of stack "just in case", are a bad idea on nommu.
All program text must be relocatable: so we can't use standard ELF binaries.
Every process in a nommu system uses/sees the same addresses. Most ELF programs specify what address to map each segment at, and the code/data in those segments uses fixed addresses, (plus other details like the program's entry point). This doesn't work on nommu because you don't know what other programs are running on the system, and if you want to run two instances of the same program each needs its own bss and data segments.
So we link programs differently, turning the .o files into either a a binflt binary (a file format that's sort of a relocatable version of the old a.out binaries, built using the elf2flt tool), or an FDPIC binary (a modified ELF variant where everything is relocatable, basically static PIE with extensions to share text and rodata segments between processes). Either way requires a toolchain that knows how to produce these output formats, and a kernel with the relevant binary format loader (CONFIG_BINFMT_FLAT or CONFIG_BINFMT_ELF_FDPIC) enabled.
For example, for the sh2 target the Aboriginal Linux project builds a binflt cross-compiler-sh2eb using uClibc, and the musl-libc project has an fdpic toolchain build using musl.
Fixed stack size specified at compile time
Both nommu output formats require you to specify an explicit stack size at compile time, because a nommu system can't automatically grow the stack (no "guard page" faults). These stacks should be as small as you can get away with because the entire size is allocated at program launch (requiring a contiguous unshareable allocation), and if the system can't get that memory the exec fails. The default size (8k) is basically a kernel stack. The standard Linux assumption of megabytes of stack is not a good fit for nommu systems.
Memory fragmentation is a big deal
A system with an mmu can populate a virtual mapping with scattered physical pages, not just glossing over gaps but mapping them out of order.
A nommu system needs a contiguous physical address range, which may be hard to come by on a system with lots of existing allocations. Even when there's lots of total free memory, a small chunk allocated out of the middle of it will halve the size of the largest allocation that can be satisfied. After a while, the largest available chunk of memory tends to be far smaller than the total amount of free memory.
The system needs contiguous allocations for program code, for for process stacks and environment space, and to satisfy malloc(). The smaller these allocations can be, the more likely they are to fit into available chunks space on a fragmented system. (Conversely, the more small long-lived allocations you make, the more fragmented memory gets.)
Because of this, your libc probably won't put large mappings in the heap (which is itself a large contiguous mapping), but may instead ask the kernel to mmap() larger allocations so they can fit into available space. (The tradeoff is making such allocations larger by rounding up to page size.)
No fork(): vfork() instead
Using fork would be expensive even if it wasn't almost impossible: you have to copy all the program's writeable data to fresh allocations, and most likely immediately discard them again by performing an exec().
The "almost impossible" part is because any pointers in your new copy of the heap/stack would point to memory in the OLD heap/stack, because every process sees the same addresses. Going through the heap and stack to relocate all these pointers turns out to be really hard (see "garbage collection in C").
Instead we use vfork(), which halts the parent process when it creates a new child process so the child can use the parent's memory (definitely the heap, it might or might not get a new stack). When the child calls exec() or _exit(), the parent process resumes.
The vfork()ed child has to be careful not to corrupt the parent's heap (and shouldn't return from the function that called vfork() in case it's using the same stack).
If the child can't exec() a new process, it should call _exit() instead of exit() becaue the first is a system call and the latter does various cleanup work like stdio flushing and running atexit() calls and destructors that are properties of the parent process, and none of the child's business.
(Similarly, the brk() system call is a lot less useful because of the memory fragmentation issue. On some nommu systems, brk() just returns -ENOSYS. This is mostly a concern for people implementing C libraries with nommu support.)
community
3.7million may disagree, but these brave firies say ... Don't call us heroes THEY worked through the night in horrific conditions to help save Catherine Hill Bay from flames but these firefighters don't consider themselves heroes. Hundreds of thousands of people across the world beg to differ, after an image captured by Newcastle Herald photographer Phil Hearne was posted online and went ‘‘viral'' at the weekend. The photo, which shows exhausted Wallarah Rural Fire Service brigade members sleeping on the road at Nords Wharf as flames lap close by, has been seen by 3.7million people on Facebook. Matthew Jones-Power, 24, was one of the crew taking a nap on Friday morning. It was their first break since 2.30pm on Thursday. ‘‘That was pretty crazy, we just stopped for about two seconds to catch our breath,'' they said. ‘‘We were waiting for the fire to come up to the road; we needed to take a break when we could. ‘‘It had been non stop for about 24 hours.'' Matthew's younger brother, Joshua, 17, had likewise been fighting fires around the clock – even though they were in the middle of their HSC exams. ‘‘You look out for your own community and I wanted to take the time to help out others,'' they said. ‘‘We were stationed right across from the pub and that's when we were told it's coming at 110km/h, that it's a hundred feet and it's just going to come straight down on top of you. ‘‘All hell broke loose. It was like you were in a sauna for the whole time.'' Brigade deputy captain Josh Iffland rushed straight from a full day at their paying job to start their long shift fighting fires. ‘‘We worked all through the night so we were dead to the world,'' they said. ‘‘That fire wasn't going anywhere, it was pretty safe at that point. ‘‘Everyone put in 150per cent, when it's your own area it's just got to be done. ‘‘We just do our job and do it well – none of us are heroes.'' By last night, the Herald photo had been shared 70,000 times between Facebook users and received about 4300 comments. Matthew said the team had been encouraged by the support. ‘‘[It] makes us love our community even more.'' GALLERY: THE HUNTER IN FLAMES - Day 2 GALLERY: THE HUNTER IN FLAMES - Day 1 BLOG: THE HUNTER IN FLAMES - Day 1 Free beers for firies at Catho pub ■The Wallarah Rural Fire Service brigade members captured in Phil Hearne's photo from Friday are: Josh Iffland (lying by the side of the road, front right); Matthew Jones-Power (lying on the road to their left); Heather Jones (standing near the fire truck); Ashleigh Gilbert (lying down near fire truck); Kieron Pritchard (sitting with fire hose); and Joshua Jones-Power. The picture was taken in Crangan Bay Road, Nords Wharf.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/resize/frm/storypad-3ZMaZUzN3dKuM6vrzTJmtN/9546006e-9098-40a3-91d5-0dd0b82d307e.jpg/w1200_h678_fcrop.jpg
Overview Edit
was a noted emissary of The Ashtar Command and recipient of the formula for a Time Machine.
Despite being responsible for the operational efficiency of an airport, Van Tassel lived 17 miles from the nearest phone and expected people to write them a letter if they planned on using their landing strip.
Van Tassel and their wife Eva built and operated "Come on Inn", a small cafe, underneath a giant rock on their property. Reportedly, Howard Hughes would land their plane just to get a piece of Eva Van Tassel's pie (it is unknown if the two had an arrangement allowing for Hughes to land without writing Van Tassel a letter in advance of each trip).
George would also regularly meditate under the giant rock. Due to the rock's piezo-electric characteristics, Van Tassel was able to communicate with extra-terrestrials. On August 21, 1953, a spaceship from Venus landed on Van Tassel's property. Shortly after, a Venusian came to the rock where George was meditating and greeting them by saying "I am Solganda, and I would be pleased to show you my craft"[1].
_______________________________________________________________________________________
The Integratron Edit
The formula for a Time Machine is quite simple - there's nothing to it to remember.
F = (1 / T)
F being Frequency, T being Time, and 1 being the number of Crispy Crittered dicks that Phil Schneider had.
According to Van Tassel, this formula would enable one to go back to the time of Cesar provided that one is a mathematician. F = (1 / T) is also the foundation of The Integratron, a structure for scientific research into time, anti-gravity, and extended human life[2]. As per the instructions of Nikola Tesla's ghost, The Integratron is made of wood, concrete, glass, fiber glass, and metal. It has no screws.
The formula was given to Van Tassel by Ashtar -- a tall, blonde Cuban -- so that Van Tassel could go back in time and watch old TV shows.
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Neuruppin -
Vorbei die Zeiten als Frank Schöbel unbedarft und fröhlich die Nachbarskinder auffordern durfte: "Komm wir malen eine Sonne auf den grauen Pflasterstein". Zumindest im brandenburgischen Neuruppin fehlt den Behörden dafür jegliches Verständnis.
Nein, das ist nicht ganz korrekt. Denn das wäre an sich zwar schade, aber zu verschmerzen.
Nein, für die Entscheider der Kleinstadt in der Ostprignitz ist ein derartiges Fehlverhalten so dermaßen unfassbar und so wenig nachvollziehbar, dass es mit einem saftigen Bußgeld belegt werden muss.
Die Geschichte einer Verunreinigung
Folgendes hatte sich zugetragen: Die siebenjährige Maya-Juna malte am Herrentag ein „P“ und Markierungen für drei Parkbuchten auf die verkehrsberuhigte Straße vor der elterlichen Wohnung. Die Familie erwartete Besuch, der mit dem Auto anreisen wollte.
Keine Woche später flatterte den Eltern ein Brief in zweifacher Ausführung vom Ordnungsamt ins Haus. Darin wurde mitgeteilt, dass gegen die Familie ein Bußgeldverfahren wegen Verstoßes gegen die Stadtordnung eingeleitet worden sei. Naturgemäß dachte die Mutter, es handle sich um einen verspäteten Aprilscherz.
Zugleich wurden die Eltern von der Behörde aufgefordert, die Malerei zu beseitigen.
Sollten sie dem nicht Folge leisten, so das Schreiben weiter, werde eine Firma mit der Beseitigung beauftragt. Die entsprechenden Kosten hätte die Familie zu tragen.
Zur weiteren Begründung teilte das Ordnungsamt mit, in der Spielstraße dürfe nur auf den dafür vorgesehenen Plätzen geparkt werden. (Der Bereich vor Maya-Junas Wohnhaus gehört nicht dazu.)
Noch am Nachmittag reinigte die Großmutter die Fahrbahn mit Wasser aus einem Gartenschlauch.
Die Täterin, die siebenjährige Maya-Juna, sei sofort in Tränen ausgebrochen, als sie von dem Schreiben der Behörde erfuhr, sagte die Mutter der dpa. Sie befürchtete, sie werde nun niemals wieder mit ihren Freunden auf der Straße spielen dürfen.
Ihre Tochter bemale das Pflaster häufig mit den Nachbarkindern, schließlich wohne man in einer Spielstraße. „Offenbar ist es dieses Mal anders, da ein P für einen Parkplatz gemalt wurde.“
Das war doch alles gar nicht so gemeint!
Der SPD-Stadtverordnete und Anwalt Klaus-Dieter Mießbauer sagte, als er die Stadtordnung mitbeschlossen habe, wäre niemand auf die Idee gekommen, dass eine Kindermalerei eine „Verunreinigung“ darstellen könne.
„Damit werden wir zur Lachnummer“, ist er überzeugt. Nun will er auf der nächsten SPD-Fraktionssitzung beantragen, in der Stadtordnung klar zu stellen, dass Kindermalereien straffrei bleiben.
Ob die Stadt künftig Gnade vor Recht ergehen lässt oder weiterhin Vergehen mit der vollen Härte der Stadtordnung bestraft, wird sich zeigen. tib
Update: Das Bußgeldverfahren ist inzwischen eingestellt worden.
The word “deflation” can be defined in various ways. According to the most widely accepted definition today, deflation is a sustained decrease of the price level. Older authors have often used the expression “deflation” to denote a decreasing money supply, and some contemporary authors use it to characterize a decrease of the inflation rate. All of these definitions are acceptable, depending on the purpose of the analysis. None of them, however, lends itself to justifying an artificial increase of the money supply.
The harmful character of deflation is today one of the sacred dogmas of monetary policy. The champions of the fight against deflation usually present six arguments to make their case. One, in their eyes it is a matter of historical experience that deflation has negative repercussions on aggregate production and, therefore, on the standard of living. To explain this presumed historical record, they hold, two, that deflation incites the market participants to postpone buying because they speculate on ever lower prices. Furthermore, they consider, three, that a declining price level makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. These difficulties threaten to entail, four, a crisis within the banking industry and thus a dramatic curtailment of credit. Five, they claim that deflation in conjunction with “sticky prices” results in unemployment. And finally, six, they consider that deflation might reduce nominal interest rates to such an extent that a monetary policy of “cheap money,” to stimulate employment and production, would no longer be possible, because the interest rate cannot be decreased below zero.
However, theoretical and empirical evidence substantiating these claims is either weak or lacking altogether. First, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth.
Second, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population—will by and large buy just as many consumers' goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
Third, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners. The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
Fourth, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on.
In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers-debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense.
Excerpted from The Ethics of Money Production.
Monday, October 13
By Greg Clark of Independence, Missouri, USA
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the earth should change, though the mountains shake in the heart of the sea. …There is a river whose streams make glad the city of God, the holy habitation of the Most High. …“Be still, and know that I am God! I am exalted among the nations, I am exalted in the earth.” The Lord of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge.
—Psalm 46:1–2, 4, 10–11
The woman, easily in their 70s, maybe older, shuffled up the sidewalk, pushing a baby stroller. They wore a pale-blue sweatshirt and jeans, protecting them against the chill of a Midwestern day in late October.
Every few steps, she'd stop to fuss with the blankets in the stroller, clearly trying to keep the occupant warm.
Soon, they were right in front of my window, and I thought I might glimpse a child, bundled against the brisk weather. Instead, all I saw was the blanket, pulled protectively over a squirming body.
Then the woman stopped to arrange the blankets again. This time I could see. Instead of an infant, I saw floppy, furry ears; dark eyes; a black nose; and a little pink tongue.
The woman took a couple of more steps and then stopped again to adjust the stroller's bonnet, obviously protecting the pup's eyes from the thin sun.
This was one pampered pooch!
The thought hit me, “The pup has no idea how good its life is.” Then another thought hit: “I don't know how good I've got it. In fact, most of us probably don't understand the wealth of blessings that pour into our lives every day.”
Then I thought of those who find it hard to experience such blessings. I thought of how it's our call to minister to them—Abolish Poverty, End Suffering—and to open our hearts to their pain and problems. To help others understand the Sacredness of Creation and Blessings of Community which surround them.
The dog in the stroller obviously basked in the love of its master. We can do the same. We are called to open the paths for others to feel that love, too.
Prayer for Peace Tender Shepherd, our blessings are too many to count. Day after day you surround us with your love. At times we separate ourselves from you, and yet you love us still. Often we are in conflict, and yet you trust us to share the peace of Christ. May we be worthy of your trust.
Spiritual Practice: Offering Blessings of Community Receive and share Blessings of Community. Begin with a prayer of gratitude for the friendships in your life. See and feel connections with family members, spiritual friends, people in your congregation and community, and people and creatures in God's sacred web of life. How have you felt the love of the community? Go deeper each day as you consider what acts of blessing you can complete for stranger and friend alike.
Peace Covenant Today, God, I will share your love with those in my care.
Advertisements
I've had the pleasure to review the early access version of The Wizards, an adventure spellcaster game by Carbon Studio. Developed with Unreal Engine, the game has a cool ambition: make us become wizards and kill monsters using magic. As Pawel Gajda from Carbon Studio says
The Wizards are a VR spellcaster that fulfills players' childhood dreams of becoming powerful wizards. In the game, players cast spells with hand gestures using motion controllers of HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. During the single story campaign, players will travel in time to explore various fantasy sceneries, fight deadly monsters, and master their wizardry.
Sounds cool, isn't it? Well, after having tried the game for some time I can say that in fact it is pretty cool.
The game sounds awesome since the beginning when there is the menu that lets you select your language (basically English or Chinese). In this moment you can see that your virtual hands wear awesome magician gloves and cast a magic ray to make you perform the selection. This is a great way to make the player interested to the game: show awesomeness since the first screen. The menu is not as immersive as I've seen in games like The Price of Freedom, but it's a simple collection of UI elements (labels and button). But that's ok… since there are many options, this is the most practical way to design it. (even if… selecting menu voices by casting spells towards crystal objects would have been damn cool…)
At the end of the first menu, the tutorial auto starts. There's a master magician that guides you and that tells you who you are, what is your mission and then teaches you how to cast spells. You are inside a training area and here you can start appreciating the graphics, that are well crafted. There are ruins around you and these ruins are floating in the air, in an oniric fashion. Red crystals are present in the scene and these are your training targets. But… how can you destroy them? Well, casting spells. You have no weapons, not even a dagger for melèe fight, you can only cast spells. The first spell that you learn is the fireball: you put your hand with the palm down, press the index trigger of your Touch controller (I've reviewed the game using Oculus+Touch) and then you turn your hand so that palm now points up: BAM! Your hand now contains a ball covered in flames and you can throw it releasing your trigger. If the magic ray at the beginning of the game was great… well, this is incredible! Throwing a fireball is so damn cool… I could have ended the review at this point.
Then the tutorial teaches you the locomotion mechanic, that is teleporting. You perform it pointing your controller towards one of the various teleporting stations and then pushing the right thumbstick: you can't teleport everywhere, just in some points defined by the developers. Using left thumbstick, instead, you can perform a snap rotation around yourself (very useful if you have an Oculus frontal setup, like me) and with the middle finger trigger you can use telekinesis to open portals or grab objects (you grab objects by making them fly towards you and then taking them inside your hands).
During the tutorial, you learn the two basic spells: the fireball and the frozen arrow (you have a frozen bow and arrow and you shoot with the classical arrow gesture, like in The Lab). Fire and ice, two fundamental elements of nature. During the training stage, I noticed one of the greatest problems of this game: gestures detection. The tutorial teaches you how to do gestures, but they don't always get detected correctly by the system: sometimes it just misses the gesture of a spell you want to cast… and while this is harmless during the training stage, it is a huge problem during a fight. I know that this kind of detection is quite hard to be performed, but since this is the main mechanic of the game, I think that during this Early Access stage it has to be improved. Summoning the icy bow has always been hard for me. One advice that I can give to you if you want to try this game is to perform each gesture in a very decisive and quick way: if you do it like that, it gets detected far better.
When the tutorial finishes, you enter your house, that is a castle inside which the wizard lives. Here too you can move only using teleportation and this is a pity because it would be far better to let the player explore this wonderful environment. The developers are already addressing this topic and have announced that they're thinking about implementing standard locomotion too. In this magic place, you can select the level you want to play, upgrade your current spells and also have a look around and throw books (but the magician will get a bit angry if you make a mess of their house!)
I started my first mission and after a little intro, I found myself inside a fantasy place, with the order of going to a certain village.
I started teleporting along the road to reach that village and I started noticing that the game is not optimized for an Oculus frontal setup. Sometimes you teleport in a place and the other teleporting station is behind you, so you have to snap rotate to return to an orientation that lets you see the next station in front of you (maybe some teleporting mechanics with orientation setting as in Robo Recall would help).
UPDATE: the dev has contacted me and told that teleporting already works as in Robo Recall: feature is not clear if someone doesn't tell you, but if you rotate the right stick while pointing at the teleportation platform, you'll see orange arrows showing the direction you'll face after the teleporting.
At a certain point, suddenly, some big monsters started attacking me. I tried defending with fireballs, but due to bad gesture recognition and low fireball power, I got killed immediately.
After I died, I had to restart the mission FROM SCRATCH. Whaaaaat?? Quite annoyed by this, I stopped a bit at the beginning of the mission and trained myself to learn how to perform the gestures in a way that makes the program detect them better: my advice to you is to do that in the training session of the game. Don't exit the tutorial until you've mastered the basic gestures! This is the moment when I discovered that gestures have to be performed fast to increase detection rate… and that for instance the fireball gets summoned better if you perform a fake little fireball throw to generate it.
After this auto-tutorial, I returned to fight the trolls and I defeated them. If you want an advice: use the bow and arrow, they're more powerful than the fireball. After that I continued moving and killing trolls until I reached a point where I had to destroy a crystal inside a huge courtyard. But while I tried to destroy it, continuous hordes of monsters attacked and killed me. Enemies arrived from everywhere and with frontal setup I start forgetting about my actual orientation, so sometimes the game lost the tracking of my controllers and I got killed while I was snapping like hell and trying to evocate spells. Damn, I died and I had to begin from scratch again. What a nuisance. I restarted, I arrived again at the same point and died again. Again like this various times. I got to a point where I was about to take my PC and throw it out of the window. I was so fucking angry that if I had met a troll in real life I would have killed it with my bare hands. In the end I managed to complete this mission changing my strategy: if you want advice for this point, don't focus on the enemies but on destroying the crystal and kill enemies only to defend yourself. I was so satisfied with this win. I've been so damn awesome.
After having won this level, I got rewarded by a new spell: the shield. So, back to training stage to learn shield gesture to defend me from fireballs of other enemies. Cool!
Next two missions are pure monster waves shooting where you have to defend yourself and the village you've just arrived. You stay fixed in a point and you have to kill all monsters that come towards you. If you miss some, your health gets reduced and in the end, you die. After the second mission a new spell gets taught to you, so you can start casting lightnings against the enemies.
With four spells and various enemies, things start becoming a little trickier, because for every type of enemy you have to decide which is the best weapon to kill him, evocate it hoping that the system will get it, kill him, then change weapon to kill the other monsters in front of you… and so on. Sometimes I got mad in deciding the right spell, sometimes the system takes a gesture for another, other times I tried to do the gesture so fast that I made the two Touch controllers collide and almost destroyed them. In one of the last matches, I was so frustrated that I told the monsters “go, destroy this damn city… I don't even know these people, so kill them with my approval!” 😀
After this little experience with the Wizards, I can say that its flaws are:
Gesture detection not optimal : sometimes gestures don't get recognized and this during a fight is terrible
: sometimes gestures don't get recognized and this during a fight is terrible Gestures have a learning curve : you can't start this game and think to master them in minutes
: you can't start this game and think to master them in minutes Some gestures are bad designed: I mean, the gesture the evocate the bow made collide my Touch controllers a thousand times!
There's no option to switch hands: the game seems suited for right-handed people only
It is not optimal for Oculus frontal setup
Sometimes UI elements stay in a place where they occlude your visuals (whaat? They were supposed to help me!)
It's tiresome : after one hour of play I was really tired of moving my arms (I think that I can skip gym this week)
: after one hour of play I was really tired of moving my arms (I think that I can skip gym this week) Teleporting is not the ideal locomotion mechanic for this game and sometimes doesn't work well (but developers are already working on this )
for this game and sometimes doesn't work well (but ) Difficulty in some battles have to be calibrated better: the diamond scene was like the third duel of the game and was really hard for me
Some automatic save checkpoints during missions would be better: restarting each mission from scratch is really boring (especially the first one is terrible to be done again and again)
While its strengths are:
Casting spells is really cool : fireballs are so damn epic and the lightning is the gatling gun of spells!!
: fireballs are so damn epic and the lightning is the gatling gun of spells!! Have I already said that spells are cool? Really, they're epic!
I liked the graphical quality of the game … to be an indie game it is very well crafted
… to be an indie game it is very well crafted Initial tutorial is very well made , it really shows you how to do the gestures with your hands. And the voice of the wizards plus some visual cues guide you during all the game
, it really shows you how to do the gestures with your hands. And the voice of the wizards plus some visual cues guide you during all the game The house with the level select and the spells upgrade station are very well crafted and have a natural interface. For instance, to select the level to play, you take an object from the map and you put it into a special hole (I've just realized that this sentence can have a dirty meaning, but maybe it is just because of my wicked mind). Very appreciated it.
The game is very variated and offers a campaign and arcade mode. In campaign mode, there are missions of different kinds (some are more like an adventure game, others are more like a wave shooter game). It also has Fate Cards, gameplay modifiers that can change game difficulty and rules to the player's liking!
My final opinion is that this is a really good game. Some things have to be refined, but let's not forget that it is an Early Access title, so developers will surely fix them before the official release. I found it frustrating in some moments, but I really enjoyed the possibility to cast spells against trolls and make epic battles with them. And VR makes it super awesome thanks to hand interaction and immersion that make the game more realistic. If you're interested in it, you can find for $19.999999 on SteamVR! My advice is to give it a try…
(Header image by Carbon Studio)
Disclaimer: this blog contains advertisement and affiliate links to sustain itself. If you click on an affiliate link, I'll be very happy because I'll earn a small commission on your purchase. You can find my boring full disclosure Disclaimer: this blog contains advertisement and affiliate links to sustain itself. If you click on an affiliate link, I'll be very happy because I'll earn a small commission on your purchase. You can find my boring full disclosure here
It wasn't very long ago when Samsung was releasing literally dozens of new tablets every year, but these days the company's tablet efforts are a bit more subdued. They are getting shook up a bit this Mobile World Congress though, as the company is announcing not one, but three new high-end, productivity-focused tablets.
Two of the new tablets run Windows 10 (you can read more about them here), but the most mainstream one is the Android-powered Galaxy Tab S3. The 9.7-inch Tab S3 is a direct follower of 2015's Tab S2 and features a similarly slim design. This time around, it has an all-glass back, much like Samsung's Galaxy line of smartphones, and comes with 2017-appropriate specs and features.
The 9.7-inch, 2,048 x 1,536 Super AMOLED display now supports HDR video, and the Tab S3 has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. A MicroSD card slot supports memory expansion up to 256GB. The tablet now has four speakers (tuned by AKG) and measures a scant 6mm thick. Android 7.0 Nougat with Samsung's touches provides the software experience.
But since you can't launch a high-end tablet in 2017 that is just used for reading and watching video, Samsung has included new, productivity-focused features. In the box with the Tab S3 is a new S Pen (the Tab S2 did not have stylus support of any kind), which is larger and thicker than the S Pens included with Samsung's older tablets. It has a new 0.7mm tip and over 4,000 levels of pressure sensitivity. It supports all of the S Pen features you'd expect, like taking notes, capturing screen shots, and even recording GIFs from video.
An S Pen with nowhere to put it
Unlike Samsung's Note line of phones and tablets, however, the Tab S3 doesn't have anywhere to store the S Pen when you're not using it, nor does the pen magnetically attach to the side of the tablet. (Samsung tells me that this is expressly why the Tab S3 is not called a Note — Note devices have silos to store the S Pen when not in use.) Fortunately, the S Pen is flat on two sides, so it won't easily roll away from you.
Further enhancing the productivity capabilities of the Tab S3 is the optional keyboard case, which attaches to the bottom of the tablet via a pogo pin. As such, it doesn't need to pair with the tablet and never needs to be charged, like Bluetooth keyboards do. The keyboard is made of plastic and provides a surprisingly pleasant typing experience, though it does not have any backlighting.
If you've been keeping track, the new Tab S3 matches Apple's iPad Pro 9.7 note for note in terms of size, audio, pen support, and keyboard availability. It's quite clear that Samsung sees this product as competing with the smaller iPad Pro in terms of features, options, and performance.
But the company isn't ready to talk pricing or when you'll be able to buy the Tab S3, so it still remains to be seen how competitive with the iPad Samsung intends this to be.
My hobby project lately has been working on a little bytecode interpreter for Magpie in C++. As an ex-game programmer, I'm pretty sad at how rusty my C++ has gotten. To try to make things a bit easier on myself, I've been borrowing from the masters whenever possible. That means I usually have v8‘s source code open in another window.
(Aside: if you're interested in programming languages, it is so awesome that implementations like v8 and spidermonkey are open source and just a click away. Learning from them is a bit like taking your first martial arts lesson from an angry Bruce Lee, but it's still amazing that industry-leading codebases are just there waiting for your perusal.)
In all honesty, my usual process looks a bit like:
“Hmm, I need to code up a floobinator. v8 has one. Let me see how they do it.” hunt through v8 code “Ah, here it is.” OH GOD, WHAT WIZARDRY IS THIS.
About 90% of it is over my head, but I figure 10% of v8 is still a pretty good chunk of smart. There is one clever technique I learned from them that I do understand: macros that take macros as arguments. That's the point of this post.
The Problem
C++ is a pretty powerful language for defining abstractions which let you get rid of redundancy. Functions and methods address duplicate chunks of imperative code. Base classes let you reuse data definitions. Templates let you do… well… almost anything.
Even so, there's still often hunks of repetition that you can't seem to eliminate. For example, let's say we're working with a language's syntax. Typically, the parser generates an AST which then gets passed to the compiler. The compiler walks the AST using Ye Olde Visitor Patterne and generates some lower-level representation for it.
Depending on how rich your language is, you'll have quite a few different AST classes to represent the different syntactic elements: literals, unary operators, infix expressions, statements, flow control, definitions, etc. V8, for example, has 40 classes to cover everything you can express in JavaScript.
These are relatively simple types. A (greatly!) simplified one looks a bit like:
class BinaryOpExpr : public Expression { BinaryOpExpr ( Expression * left , Expression * right ) : left ( left ), right ( right ) {} virtual void accept ( AstVisitor & visitor ) { visitor . visitBinaryOpExpr ( this ); } Expression * left () { return left ; } Expression * right () { return right ; } private : Expression * left ; Expression * right ; };
Imagine thirty-something-odd more classes like this and you've got the right idea. There isn't too much we can do in C++ to simplify these definitions themselves. Each class is different enough that it's simplest and clearest to just write them out.
Where the tedium really comes in is all of the surrounding code that uses these classes. First up is the asupervisorstioned visitor. To make it easy for the compiler to dispatch to different code based on the different AST classes, you'll typically define a class like:
class AstVisitor { public : ~ virtual AstVisitor () {} virtual void visitBoolLiteral ( BoolLiteral * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitNumLiteral ( NumLiteral * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitStringLiteral ( StringLiteral * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitUnaryOpExpr ( UnaryOpExpr * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitBinaryOpExpr ( BinaryOpExpr * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitAssignmentExpr ( AssignmentExpr * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitConditionalExpr ( ConditionalExpr * expr ) = 0 ; virtual void visitIfThenStmt ( IfThenStmt * expr ) = 0 ; // 30 more of these, you get the idea... };
That code really is just repetitive boilerplate. There's more. It's useful to also have an enum for each AST node type so that we can also switch directly on the type of node without having to go through a visitor for everything. So you'll want something like:
enum AstType { kBoolLiteral , kNumLiteral , kStringLiteral , kUnaryOpExpr , kBinaryOpExpr , // again, you get the idea... };
For debugging, it's handy to be able to get a string representation for an AST node's type too:
const char * typeString ( AstType type ) { switch ( type ) { case kBoolLiteral : return "BoolLiteral" ; case kIntLiteral : return "IntLiteral" ; case kNumLiteral : return "NumLiteral" ; case kUnaryOpExpr : return "UnaryOpLiteral" ; case kBinaryOpExpr : return "BinaryOpLiteral" ; // yup... } }
C++'s usual abstraction facilities won't help us here: in all of these cases the repetition is in the middle of some type definition or statement. C++ is really only designed to let you abstract over entire statements (by making functions) or types (by making templates or base classes).
Let's Get Dirty
But there is, of course, one grease-covered rusty tool in the C and C++ toolbox that doesn't give a damn about actual syntactic elements: the preprocessor. It doesn't even know what a statement is! It just sees chunks of text.
More often than not, that fact makes it too blunt of an instrument to be wielded indiscriminately without risking bloodshed but here it's just what we need. In all of our problem examples, we want to be able to say “for each AST node type, insert this chunk of code but with the node's class name inserted in it in a few places.”
Let's try doing something like this:
#define DEFINE_VISIT(type) \ virtual void visit##type(type* expr) = 0
With this, we can simplify our visitor class to:
class AstVisitor { public : ~ virtual AstVisitor () {} DEFINE_VISIT ( BoolLiteral ); DEFINE_VISIT ( NumLiteral ); DEFINE_VISIT ( StringLiteral ); DEFINE_VISIT ( UnaryOpExpr ); DEFINE_VISIT ( BinaryOpExpr ); DEFINE_VISIT ( AssignmentExpr ); DEFINE_VISIT ( ConditionalExpr ); DEFINE_VISIT ( IfThenStmt ); // 30 more of these, you get the idea... };
That's a little better, I guess. But not really. This trick doesn't help at all with the enum, and only helps a little in typeString() . The problem is that it's the “for each AST type” part of our problem where the repetition really is. It's the loop itself we want to abstract over more than the loop body.
What we want is a macro that will itself walk over all of the types, like:
#define AST_NODE_LIST \ BoolLiteral \ NumLiteral \ StringLiteral \ UnaryOpExpr \ ...
But of course, that one doesn't do anything useful. We don't want it to just expand to the type names themselves. It needs to do something with them. But that something is different for each problem area. We need it to take a parameter that is the chunk of code that we generate for each type. Like:
#define AST_NODE_LIST(code) \ code(BoolLiteral) \ code(NumLiteral) \ code(StringLiteral) \ code(UnaryOpExpr) \ ...
Macros Taking Macros… We Must Go Deeper
Now the fun part. When we use that AST_NODE_LIST macro, what is that code argument going to be? It needs to be a thing that's available at preprocess time, can take an argument, and can generate a chunk of code. That leaves only one answer: a macro.
Until I saw this in V8, I didn't even know you could pass macros to macros. But indeed you can. Using the AST_NODE_LIST we just defined, our visitor becomes:
class AstVisitor { public : ~ virtual AstVisitor () {} #define DEFINE_VISIT(type) \ virtual void visit##type(type* expr) = 0 AST_NODE_LIST ( DEFINE_VISIT ) #undef DEFINE_VISIT // Clean it up since we're done with it. };
When AST_NODE_LIST is expanded, it will expand to one call to DEFINE_VISIT for each of the AST node types. Then those will in turn be expanded to define the visitor method for that type.
Likewise, our enum becomes:
#define DEFINE_ENUM_TYPE(type) k##type, enum AstType { AST_NODE_LIST ( DEFINE_ENUM_TYPE ) }; #undef DEFINE_ENUM_TYPE
That's the whole thing in its entirety. Finally, the function for converting it to a string:
#define DEFINE_TYPE_STRING(type) case k##type: return #type; const char * typeString ( AstType type ) { switch ( type ) { AST_NODE_LIST ( DEFINE_TYPE_STRING ) } } #undef DEFINE_TYPE_STRING
Note that we're using stringification and token pasting here to not just literally substitute in the AST node class's name, but also to use it as a string, or to build a larger name (like kBinaryOpExpr ) out of it.
This gets rid of some tedious code, but it has another nice side-effect. If you later need to add a new node class, you just add it to AST_NODE_LIST . Once it's there, every place that's using that will automatically pick it up. That way you don't have to remember to touch AstVisitor , AstType and typeString() .
I can't tell if this is crazy awesome, or just plain crazy, but it's not something you see every day. What other interesting stuff is hiding in the bowels of your favorite open source project?
Bringing minimalism and sanity to the web
werc - A sane web anti-framework
Werc is a minimalist web anti-framework built following the Unix and Plan 9 tool philosophy of software design.
Werc avoids the pain of managing collections of websites and developing web applications.
Database free, uses files and directories instead.
Written using the rc shell, leveraging the standard Unix/Plan 9 command toolkit.
Minimize tedious work: eg., no need to ever write HTML, use markdown (or any other format) instead.
Very minimalist yet extensible codebase: highly functional core is 150 lines, with extra functionality in modular apps.
Features
Here are some of the features provided by werc:
Good integration with pre-existing content, you can add HTML or plain text files and they will be seamlessly integrated with the rest of the site.
You can use your favorite tools (text editor, shell, file manager, etc) to edit, manipulate and manage data stored in werc.
Designed to manage any number of ‘virtual' domains that share a common style and layout from a single werc installation.
Configuration and customization can be at at any level: global, per-domain-group, domain-wide, directory sub-tree, and single file.
Can trivially run multiple (customized) versions of werc side by side.
Very simple and flexible user management and permissions system.
Applications can be easily combined: eg., add comments to your blog or wiki by enabling the ‘bridge' app; or by enabling the ‘diridir' wiki convert any document tree into a wiki.
Can easily write werc ‘apps' and extensions in any language! (But of course, rc is recommended).
Install Requirements
All you need is some Plan 9 commands (cat, grep, sed, rc, etc.), and an HTTP server with CGI support.
Werc runs on any Unix-like system where Plan 9 from User Space is available (this includes Linux, *BSD, OS X and Solaris), and on Plan 9.
If you use Debian you can install the 9base package that will provide all the required commands (but at the moment you need to install the version in sid, older versions in stable lack some of the required programs)
Werc can use any HTTP server that can handle CGI, and has been tested with at least Apache, Lighttpd, Cherokee, nhttpd, Hiawatha, and others.
Werc uses Markdown by default (and the standard Perl markdown is included with the distribution), to format documents, but any other formatting system can be used.
Source
To get a copy of the latest development code using mercurial, do:
hg clone https://code.9front.org/hg/werc/
You can also browse the online repository.
Contact
For questions, suggestions, bug reports and contributing patches you can join the werc mailing list. To join, send a message with a body consisting only of the word subscribe to werc-owner@cat-v.org. After you get the confirmation notice, you can post by sending messages to werc@cat-v.org.
On irc, join #cat-v on irc.freenode.org
Links
License
Public domain, because so called ‘intellectual property' is an oxymoron.
Alternatively if your prefer it or your country's brain dead copyright law doesn't recognize the public domain werc is made available under the terms of the MIT and ISC licenses.
Credits
Thanks to Kris Maglione (aka JG) for implementing rss feeds, for writing the awk rc-templating system, and other help and inspiration (some parts of the code were based on JG's diri wiki).
Thanks to Mechiel (aka oksel) for the md_cache script.
Thanks Garbeam (aka arg) for writing the original diri code and showing that writing complex web apps in rc was feasible.
And thanks to everyone else whom I have forgotten and that has provided fixes and feedback.
To post a comment you need to login first.
William Carter in court at the Boulder County Jail Monday. Carter is facing charges connected to allegedly assaulting multiple vehicles with a knife Saturday before charging at several police officers, according to the police report. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer)
A 49-year-old transient could face attempted-murder and assault charges after police said they " assaulted multiple vehicles," and charged officers while armed with a knife.
William Carter of Utah is being held at the Boulder County Jail on $100,000 bond on suspicion of first-degree assault, second-degree attempted murder, criminal mischief and a failure to appear warrant out of Fort Collins.
According to an arrest report, police officers were called to the 2400 block of Baseline Road at 3 p.m. Saturday after a man, whom police identified as Carter, was assaulting multiple vehicles stopped in traffic.
An officer arrived on scene and spotted Carter walking away from the scene and told them to stop. They turned around and brandished a knife with a 3-inch blade, police said. The officer pulled their stun gun on Carter and ordered them to drop the knife, but deployed the stun gun when Carter made "aggressive movements" and slashing and stabbing gestures toward the officer, according to the report
The Taser didn't work because of the clothing Carter was wearing. At that time, Carter moved toward a silver Infiniti sedan that was stopped in the road and began stabbing the car's hood and then the windshield on the passenger side of the car.
According to the report, the woman in the car said Carter "locked eyes" with them just before they stabbed the windshield and thought they wanted to kill them
Advertisement
At that time, the officer deployed the stun gun a second time but was again unsuccessful. When Carter tried to enter the sedan, the officer pulled their handgun and again ordered Carter to drop the knife.
After hiding behind another car and briefly trying to flee, Carter got on the ground and surrendered the knife and was placed into custody, according to the report.
Carter then reportedly told the officer that they "wanted the cop to kill me," and that they were attempting suicide-by-cop. Carter has several previous arrests for assault, domestic violence, burglary and criminal mischief.
Carter was taken to Boulder Community Health with cuts on their hand. No officers were injured, and the passengers also weren't injured.
The officer involved said in the report they turned on their body camera during the incident, and a witness told police they also videotaped the incident on their phone.
Carter is set for a formal filing of charges on Wednesday. Boulder District Attorney Stan Garnett said at this time a final decision has not been made on what charges Carter will face.
"It's clearly a fact pattern that is serious, and we will look at the case closely," Garnett said.
Police believe Carter may have attempted to hit or stab other vehicles in the area and are asking any potential witnesses to call Boulder police Detective Steve Faber at 303-441-3384.
Carter is a white male standing 6 feet tall with a white beard and was wearing a grey jacket at the time of the reported incident.
Those who wish to remain anonymous may contact the Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or crimeshurt.com.
Mitchell Byars: 303-473-1329, byarsm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars
As history shows time and time again. When decision are made in secret, what results openly can be a disaster for the people. The super committee is nothing new and is just another name repeating the same old game of corrupt tyrants. This super congress is no more than 6 US representatives and 6 US Senators who are in the mist of fellow globalist of both parties meeting in secret were the elected repetitiveness of the people cannot sit in on these secret meetings to oversee it. There is no record or any minutes of the meeting.The only people beside these six Senators and House members are lobbyist who seek the steal American wealth. This is repugnant to any representative republic and every free society.
These super secret committees are never good. That is when corruption flourishes in the darkness with no light shined on the deeds behind closed doors. This super committee is nothing new. Just because they changed the name to the SUPER CONGRESS. Which means no matter what they call l themselves. We are all screwed if we let them have their way. Historically this is nothing new. In the old Soviet Union. It was called the Supreme Soviet. This group of entrenched people in Parliament decided in secret how to oppress the Russian people openly. King George the III had what they called the Privy council which was the Kings must trust advisers helping to Monarch decide how to screw the early American colonist.
Now we face today the same threat as we did before we threw the British army out of the colonies during the war of Independence. This Super Congress poses a threat to our freedoms like never before. The day before Thanksgiving they have to vote on 1.2 trillion dollars in cuts for the next 10 years, which are not really cuts; but reduction in the increase spending. There is still an increase, just not as much as projected. But still an increase. It is a joke. Now the goverment faces another shut down and I wish they just close all the doors and leave. They are doing nothing good anymore. While this controversy of a goverment shutdown looms again. They all should just shut down and go home. Just give us the keys and we will take over. I would like to know what slide of hand distraction will they pull in the super committee to steal our wealth and our freedom.
We hear Gerald Celente being robbed blind of a lot of money in their account trying to buy gold on contract. They get screwed to help the Goldman Sachs gang. I wonder since the members of congress cannot get access to these secret meetings. The lobbyist of the money junkies. I wonder did the super congress exempt these gangster bankers from the laws against theft. This super congress is super corrupt. There is nothing good that will come out of it. This is why the states and the people need to resist the actions of the super committee because it is not lawful, it is illegal and it is unconstitutional. Call it the Privy committee, Supreme Soviet or the Super Congress. It is still a bad idea and must be disbanded. Yesterday, today, and the future. I will settle for gridlock over a super congress any day. Do you agree?
A Super Bowl ad for U.S. Senate candidate Pete Hoekstra uses an Asian woman speaking in broken English to accuse their rival, Democratic incumbent Debbie Stabenow, of helping the Chinese economy.
“Thank you Michigan Senator Debbie Spenditnow,” the woman says in the 30-second ad as they ride their bike through a rice paddy field.
“Debbie spends so much American money, you borrow more and more, from us. You're economy get very weak, ours get very good. We take your jobs. Thank you Debbie Spenditnow.”
Hoekstra then appears in a new frame, saying, “I think this race for Michigan Senate is between Debbie ‘spend-it-now' and Pete ‘spend-it-not.'”
Their $150,000 ad buy begins in Michigan during the Super Bowl and will run for two weeks.
It is not the first time conservatives have used fears of a rising communist China in advertisements.
During their campaign in 2011, Rep. Mark Amodei (R-NV) ran an ad that depicted the Chinese army marching on the U.S. Capitol, thanks to President Barack Obama raising the federal debt limit.
Another ad produced by the conservative group Citizens Against Government Waste showed a Chinese professor in the year 2030 explaining that Americans now “work for us” because of U.S. debt.
In a statement, Hoekstra's explains that the ad contrasts their “penny pinching agenda” with the “big-spending policies” of Stabenow.
But the Michigan Democratic Party released its own ad on Sunday, which highlights Hoekstra record of spending while serving in the U.S. House from 1993 until 2011.
“Hoekstra's attempt at a Hollywood-style makeover is incredibly hypocritical because the fact is, Pete spends a lot,” said Mark Brewer, Chairman of the Michigan Democratic Party.
“Hoekstra voted for the $700 billion Wall Street bailout and voted for trillions more in deficit spending before quitting Congress to get rich at a Washington, D.C. lobbying firm,” they added. “Hoekstra is using the big game to play games with Michigan voters, covering up their real record on deficit spending and rigging the rules for the big money insiders they serve.”
Watch both ads below:
BY Julie Jones | Jul 23, 2014 11:26 AM EDT
Close
There have been plenty of cross-dressing k-drama characters. Mostly they were women who dressed up as boys. Moon Geun Young played one in "Painter on the Wind." Ha Ji Won was The Jackal before they became an empress in "Empress Ki." Yoon Eun Hye played a waiter in "Coffee Prince."
And there have also been a few k-drama characters that dressed up as women. The fledgling shoe designer played by Lee Jang Woo in "I Do" decided to walk a mile in women's shoes before creating shoes women could walk in.
But it's hard to recall a k-drama character that felt as if they were born in a body of the wrong gender. Cha Seung Won recently played a hardcore detective who dressed in women's clothes and wanted to transition to a woman's body in the film "Man on High Heels." Lee Na Young played a transgender character in Kim Ki Duk's 2008 film "Sad Dream." And Ahn Yong Joon will soon be seen as a transgender character in the 2014 film "Half."
But now a new k-drama features a transgender character. The writer and director of "It's Okay, It's Love" have said they want to change viewers' perceptions of therapy in general. One way to do that is to have a drama in which several characters visit a therapist to deal with various mental health issues. "It's Okay, It's Love" portrays such characters in a sympathetic light.
Actress Lee El will play a man who undergoes surgery to become a woman. But even after they realize their dream of having a woman's body, things don't go as smoothly as they expected. They visit Ji Hae Soo, a psychiatrist played by Gong Hyo Jin, to explore their feelings and come to terms with their new identity.
"It's Okay It's Love" is the story of Jang Jae Yeol, a charming mystery writer and radio disc jockey who suffers from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. Played by Jo In Sung, this character goes to Ji Hae Soo for help with their problems.
But they are not the only patient they see. Lee Kwang Soo's character will come to them to cope with the problems caused by their Tourette's syndrome. And so does Lee El'
Lee El is currently starring in the MBC daily drama "Mother's Garden." They also appeared in the dramas "Level 7 Civil Servant," 'The Princess' Man" and "Wild Romance," as well as the film "The Insiders."
Further to our look earlier today at the design changes that Unity 2D in Ubuntu 11.10 is sporting, here is short burst of screen shots and tid-bits on changes to Ubuntu proper.�
Remember that everything shown below is still in active development and subject to change.
The Dash
As seen in Unity 2D earlier today, the Unity Dash is looking sleeker than ever thanks in part to the smart unification of Unity Lenses into the one window. The Dash also changes colour based on your wallpaper – a neat touch.
The new Dash is summoned by pressing the ‘ubuntu' button at the top of the Unity Launcher.
As seen in our recap earlier Application Menus now take up the space left by the, perhaps temporary, removal of the “big funny button”.
Music Lens
A brand-new Lens is available for ubuntu 11.10: The Music Lens. This lets you sort through you music with a quick search of title or artist, or refined search with Genre filtering.
Those Lens icon up close: –
Indicator Changes
The Messaging Menu sports an item to ‘Clear' alerts. Clearing can also be achieved by middle-clicking on the indicator itself.
A new look User Menu also landed yesterday. Currently this indicator only shows where more than one account is set up on a system. It allows fast-user switching between accounts, too.
Light themes
The default Ubuntu themes have also seen some due love and attention. The window gradient of Ambiance and the sublime looking ‘buttons' are of particular note.
A landmark Indianapolis weekend for Juncos Racing continued in style as French rookie Timothé Buret took their first Pro Mazda Championship victory in the second race of a three-race slate.
Buret led the field to the green flag, but starting right behind them was Florian Latorre, the reigning USF2000 champion, who looked to put their colossal Thursday rollover behind him.
Latorre made an incisive start and dove to the lead briefly in the first corner but Buret was able to take first place back.
The first and only full-course yellow then flew as Expert class drivers Carlos Conde and Kevin Davis had collided at the back of the field.
Victor Franzoni, who moved up to Pro Mazda from USF2000 this weekend with M1 Racing, had jumped up three places from their ninth grid position over the first lap.
After the restart, Franzoni then passed Will Owen for fifth place, one lap after Weiron Tan made the move on Owen to get up to fourth, behind the lead group of Buret, Latorre, and Urrutia – all covered by less than one second.
As the lead four controlled the race ahead of the field, points leader Neil Alberico endured an abysmal run that saw them off track in the final ten minutes and finishing 17th.
Franzoni, in fifth, came under pressure from Juncos Racing teammates Garett Grist and Owen with three laps to go. Grist made their move into turn 8 on lap 19, but then locked the brakes allowing the Brazilian to keep fifth. Grist and Owen then continued to battle each other, but a slide by Owen allowed their teammate Jose Gutierrez to move past into 7th.
In the end, it was all green for Buret, who resisted the pressure to secure their first Pro Mazda victory, ahead of Latorre whose sensational recovery drive nets them 2nd. Urrutia finished 3rd and moved past the struggling Alberico for the championship lead, ahead of Tan and the debuting Franzoni who rounded out the top five.
Grist, Gutierrez, and Owen finished 6th, 7th and 8th for Juncos, ahead of Daniel Burkett in ninth and Pato O'Ward in tenth. Bobby Eberle was the highest-placed Expert Class driver in 18th overall.
Race results
Pos. Driver Team Time/Gap 1 Timothe Buret Juncos Racing 20 laps in 31:13.489 2 Florian Latorre Cape Motorsports w/WTR +0.798 3 Santiago Urrutia Team Pelfrey +2.180 4 Weiron Tan Andretti Autosport +2.606 5 Victor Franzoni M1 Racing +8.370 6 Garett Grist Juncos Racing +9.204 7 Jose Gutierrez Juncos Racing +10.332 8 Will Owen Juncos Racing +10.763 9 Daniel Burkett Cape Motorsports w/WTR +13.526 10 Pato O'Ward Team Pelfrey +14.674 11 Raoul Owens Team Pelfrey +16.076 12 Scott Hargrove JDC MotorSports +19.736 13 Dalton Kellett Andretti Autosport +21.292 14 Alessandro Latif World Speed Motorsports +24.817 15 Kyle Connery JDC MotorSports +27.551 16 Parker Nicklin JDC MotorSports +31.853 17 Neil Alberico Cape Motorsports w/WTR +38.941 18 Bobby Eberle World Speed Motorsports +50.533 19 Bob Kaminsky Kaminsky Racing Inc +1 lap 20 Kevin Davis JDC MotorSports +2 laps 21 Carlos Conde M1 Racing +17 laps
A few days ago, it seemed that every newspaper in the world ran the story that Jimmy Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia, is starting a new ‘evidence-based journalism' site, called WikiTribune, which will incorporate some elements of wiki-based collaborative fact checking. As Wales says:
The community of contributors will vet the facts, help make sure the language is factual and neutral, and will, to the maximum extent possible, be transparent about the source of news posting full transcripts, video, and audio of interviews. In this way, Wikitribune aims to combat the increasing proliferation of online fake news.
Many people who don't know much about Wikipedia or news, or facts it seems, are hailing Wales' site as a new force in journalism. Even Kyle Pope, the editor-in-chief of the Columbia Journalism Review says:
I'm really hesitant to say this is a dumb idea because Wikipedia turned out to be so brilliant.
I'm not hesitant. This is a dumb idea.
About me
I founded:
japantoday.com, one of the world's largest news sites and the first site in the world to have user comments directly under news stories.
WeCheck, a collaborative fact checking site, which included a fact-check watch where I detailed fact check fails, and the techniques the fact checkers use to distort their findings to suit their narrative.
Newslines, this site, which is a social news agency that aggregates news for large social media fan pages.
I was also a Wikipedia editor for several painful years and have written multiple articles about the site's software, policies, gender bias, its co-dependent relationship with Google, and the way it raises funds (see list at the bottom of this article).
So I know a little about news, fact checking, Wikipedia and new media. I believe that WikiTribune will fail at being factual and neutral, and that its goal of combating fake news is a fool's errand, driven by a misreading of the market. Feel free to disagree in the comments…
Quality content is not a business model
Presumably, Wales doesn't intend to compete with The Daily Mail, which was recently banned as a source from Wikipedia. Instead, they intend to compete with The New York Times or The Guardian, of which Wales was a director until the announcement.
But that focus on ‘quality' journalism immediately shrinks the market, and makes the chances of success much smaller.
In Zero to One, Peter Thiel says that startups should seek a monopoly in a small market and use that to expand. Yet Wales thinks they can compete with well funded existing high-quality news brands in a small market? That's not a winning proposition.
Distribution is King
Traditional news media is in full-panic mode. Their print readers are dying of old age, and they can't survive on the web without Google and Facebook, who have taken all of their distribution and advertising. According to the trade association Digital Content Next, 90 per cent of growth in digital ad revenue over 2015 went to Facebook and Google.
Many people think that ‘content is king', but publishers know that distribution is actually king. It's to be expected that journalists believe great writing is what drives their industry. But they forget that a newspaper used to offer two things: content and convenience. The paper was conveniently delivered to your door, until the smartphone came along and delivered it to wherever you and your phone are.
The power of distribution over quality can be demonstrated if you imagine Facebook creating its own low-quality news service. In that case, Facebook's readers wouldn't need to go outside the site at all, and all external publishers would fail. In other words, it doesn't matter how great your content is if you can't get it seen.
WikiTribune offers no solution to the distribution issue, so it is doomed to the same fate as the media it hopes to replace.
‘Fake News' is fake news
Wales says WikiTribune is an antidote to ‘fake news'. But the fake news controversy is itself fake news, manufactured by traditional news media to deflect attention from their own failings.
Faced with the loss of their distribution to Google and Facebook, traditional news media has labelled Facebook as a purveyor of fake news, while maintaining that they have a lock on quality news. As if that will lure people back to their badly-designed, ad-filled sites. People will choose convenience over quality every time. To cover their own shenanigans during the election campaign.
Wales says they decided to launch WikiTribune when they heard President Trump's advisor Kellyanne Conway defend the White House's inflated claims about the size of the inauguration crowd as “alternative facts”.
While that was a misstep, much of the reporting on Trump by the traditional media, their factcheckers, and pollsters, has been skewed to fit their anti-Trump narrative. I lost count of the biased fact checks, skewed polls and outright lies and evasions in the establishment media against Trump.
But, I hear you say, ‘Trump's a liar too!' So we have a battle of the truths (or lies), between Trump and the media. A battle of “alternative facts” if you will.
The shocking part of this to me was that many of these distortions were directed to their own readers, who are quite willing to read fabricated stories if it suits their worldview. Lying to your own readers for profit. Now there's a business model!
In any case, the general public were not impressed by the media's efforts. In part, as a f-you to the media, they elected Trump. As for fact checkers, their work has been so successful that now only 29% of people in the U.S. trust fact checkers.
If Wales actually believes that there is a fake news epidemic then he's not an upstart at all: He's part of the system.
Wikis are terrible for determining facts
We want to bring [the] fact-based, fact-checking mentality we know from Wikipedia to news – Jimmy Wales
Only the most deluded of Wikiutopians could think that the news writing process can be improved by a wiki. Wikinews is a failure, and Wikipedia has a worldwide reputation for unreliability, so much so that schoolchildren in the U.S. are specifically instructed not to use it as a source. Apart from the many scandals about false information being inserted into pages, pages based on current events are rife with bias.
That's because on Wikipedia the strongest group of editors on the page determine the narrative. I once spent months trying to get factual information onto a biography page. In 1994, Richard Gere and Cindy Crawford took out a full page ad in The Times to say their marriage was strong. While they ended up divorcing a year later, the letter was a major incident in their marriage, which I thought should be on Wikipedia.
Even though Gere and Crawford had placed the ad themselves, a Wikipedia editor decided my information was ‘insensitive to the subject'. When I offered suggestions to change the rule I was told in no uncertain terms to back off by an administrator.
Not that it mattered; a few weeks later that same administrator injected themselves into a completely different topic I was contributing on, and blocked me from the site for five years.
That discussion about one sentence took two months. Ambiguous rules were arbitrarily applied by abusive administrators. All resulting in censorship of verifiable, factual material based on a bogus idea of sensitivity. How on earth can that work for news?
Even now, it's practically impossible for new contributors to add anything to a Wikipedia page. Changes, however factual and verified, will instantly be reverted by bands of aggressive editors.
It's worth noting that the whole ethos of Wikipedia was set up by Wales, and in the 15 years of operation, none of these issues have been fixed.
I abandoned my wiki-based fact check when I realised that – just like on Wikipedia — the narrative would be determined by the most powerful editors on the page. There's nothing to say WikiTribune won't have the same issues, and the lack of engagement on the topic indicates that Wales doesn't even know it's an issue.
Wiki + news = slow
Those who think Wales is some sort of genius for coming up with this idea might want to reflect on the other co-founder of Wikipedia, Larry Sanger. In 2015, Larry set up a site called Infobitt, which was — you guessed it — a fact-based news site. They didn't get quite as much press though, despite having a better idea.
In Larry's system, each fact in an article was reviewed for accuracy in a structured way, as opposed to Wikipedia's might-is-right process. I actually thought Larry's idea would have worked better for Wikipedia, where editors could take the time to review facts. But for a news site, it's too slow.
Let's say there is a plane crash in Asia. At first, 20 people are reported dead. Then a day later it's updated to 40 deaths. The facts are correct, but the news value has passed. And in the meantime all anyone cares about is how many likes they get for reposting the crash video on Facebook.
To rephrase the popular saying, “A like goes halfway round the world before the truth has time to pull up its pants”. By the time ‘the truth' comes out, you've already moved on to the next piece of news that confirms your biases.
Infobitt foundered within a year.
Who pays wins
Wales says that those who contribute financially to WikiTribune will have a say in the topics they cover:
If you can get together a certain number of people who are interested in Bitcoin [for example] and you flag that when you sign up as a monthly supporter, then we'll hire a Bitcoin person to do the beat full time. But it is going to be neutral. They can't pick their favorite hack, who pumps forward their agenda.
Wales does not say how the site is ‘going to be neutral'. In addition to the might-is-right bias I mentioned above, another source of bias on Wikipedia is undisclosed paid editing by PR companies and other individuals, who are paid to massage corporate and celebrity news pages.
Yet, despite Wales making many proclamations about the damage such editing causes on Wikipedia, they are inviting the pushing of particular topics on WikiTribune based on how much money the topic raises. Paid news editing invites a multitude of ethical dilemmas:
What if the contributors want to investigate Wikipedia, Wikia, or even Wales himself?
What if they want to investigate causes they support, or investigate ‘friends of Jimbo,' like, say, Tony Blair?
Contributor bias
Wales could at least have added something new into the mix. For example, a system that pays people for their contributions. We have had some success with this model at Newslines, and an interesting side effect was that it completely reversed the gender bias that is so prevalent in Wikipedia. Wikipedia contributors are over 90% male, and despite a number of initiatives that ratio is not changing.
That's because the system pushes out women and minorities in favour of young men who would rather write about the latest Simpsons' episode or their favorite porn stars, than any women scientist. Wales recent comments on the ‘Gender Gap' show they are tone deaf to the issue, and has no understanding of the underlying causes.
But let's say Wales manages to capture the same kind of contributors as Wikipedia. How will a news site whose contributors are mainly young, white, male, liberal college students deal with issues relevant to the black community, or to women?
Work for free to make Jimmy rich!
Wikipedia was able to add contributors due to its social value. Put your work and knowledge into the system for free and we all benefit through the dissemination of free information unsullied by advertising.
Wikipedia itself only gains donations because it distorts its fundraising message, which says the site is in imminent danger of collapse. In fact, it has $100 million in the bank.
But little of that cash goes to Wales because the site is run by the WikiMedia Foundation, a non-profit. Wales is not an owner of Wikipedia, and has not made much money from it, other than through their directorship and through speaking engagements.
But WikiTribune *is* owned by Wales, so when you contribute to the system, you are working for free for their for-profit venture. You may believe that's a reasonable trade off. You may be happy to spend your money or to even donate because you believe in the big picture. Good for you. Here's to the crazy ones!
And so we set sail…
Is there a plus side? Is there something that can elevate the content or the distribution of WikiTribune? I don't see it. The project was launched on a false premise, has no competitive advantage, is slower and more complicated than current news systems, will be of dubious use to readers, and sets sail into a shrinking sea full of dangerous competitors.
It's inevitable that WikiTribune will hit the iceberg of reality, and sink.
Related:
Wikipedia's 13 Deadly Sins
The Sexists at the top of Wikipedia
Stop Giving Wikipedia Money
Google and Wikipedia: Best Friends Forever
Mark Devlin is the founder and CEO of Newslines. Find out more about them here. Click here to follow Mark on Twitter.
Newslines is a new kind of new search engine that is a solution to media bias. Our aim is to summarise all of the world's news, from the past to the present, strip it of bias and commentary, leaving just the facts, and organise it into news timelines. Our newsline of Emma Sulkowicz is a good example of a non-biased newsline, created from highly-partisan sources.
We currently have three million page views/month and aim to get to one billion page views/month within three years. If you are interested in helping us grow, please contact Mark at [email protected]. You can read more about Newslines here.
The Pirate Times takes care to ensure that all media that is sourced from outside our own group have a (CC) Creative Commons license. In the same spirit all our work is published under the licenses – attribution and share alike.
Unfortunately and embarrassingly many Pirates and even Pirate Parties post content to the web or in print with “all rights reserved”. This is especially embarrassing when the subjects of the media in question are Pirate Party related. It also opens us up to the charge of hypocrisy, to some extent, when it is being done by a Pirate Party or Pirate affiliated organisation. It also opens us up to attacks by trolls who want to damage the party. The problem mainly arises because the default is “all rights reserved” be it on your own blog, web page or social media. Assigning a CC license means you are changing this to “some rights reserved” and you get to control which rights are kept.
Now other Pirates and non Pirates (remember “sharing is caring”) can use your content without having to contact you to get your explicit permission. Uploading your content to CC friendly sites like flickr.com and wikimedia means Pirates and others can search for and use your content. When you upload images or videos to Facebook or any other social media site then adding a CC license in the description helps the sharing to spread. On you blog or web site you can ensure that there is a easily seen notice that informs your viewers that your content is CC licensed. We use:
CC-BY 2013 Pirate Times, please link back to us if using our content.
If you are using CC content from someone else, and we hope you are, then do the right thing and attribute it to them, with a link if possible. If they ask to “share alike” then also use the license they used.
If you are not familiar with the CC codes here is a short overview but do go to the Creative Commons site for a full explanation in English and most major languages.
BY – Attribution: you must give credit to the creator
SA – Share Alike: you must pass the license conditions to the next user.
NC – Non Commercial: the work may not be used for commercial purposes
ND – No Derivatives: the work may not be changed in any way – This is not helpful for other Pirates, who might want to simply change or translate a text for example and should only be used when absolutely necessary.
Featured image: by Enokson CC BY-NC-SA
Sunny Leone's journey from a porn star to a Bollywood star hasn't been an easy one. Them quick rise to stardom put them in the cross hairs of popular celebrities and politicians. From calling them a threat to Indian culture to a bad influence on youth, Sunny Leone has been a constant victim of hatred. In an industry where everyone uses the word ‘sexuality' as per their or their convenience, how do you measure Sunny's choice of career? When there is a large display of vulgarity in Bollywood item songs and women are often objectified, is it fair to target Sunny Leone?
Advertising
Ram Gopal Varma's first short film ‘Meri Beti SUNNY LEONE Banna Chaahti Hai' sheds some new light on Sunny Leone and it isn't exactly a glorification. The short film which is out on YouTube, deals with questions that some may find too uncomfortable. The film has evoked some strong reactions on social media. While some people have slammed this short film right away, others have found it profound.
The film is about a girl who wants to be a porn star but faces a strong opposition from their parents. The living room conversation between parents and the daughter transcends Sunny Leone and explores the themes of individual choices, suppression and freedom. It's essentially about respecting an individual's choice of living a life in their or their own way. The film tries to say that all the prejudices and judgement surrounding an individual's decision should be discouraged. While it's a fine attempt to look at society through a different prism, it also stumbles on some tricky issues. For example, RGV's short film displays marriage as a mere sexual transaction between two individuals. Here are some top highlights from RGV's short film:
1. If you can be an Assitant Manager, why can't I be a porn star?
The conversation begins with the girl asking their father (played by Makarand Deshpande), “If you can be an Assistant Manager, then why can't I be a porn star. Them job is to provide a vicarious pleasure to millions of people.”
2. Everyone is selling something in the world, Sunny Leone sells their sex appeal
When an angry father asks their daughter if they want to sell their body, the daughter thoughtfully says, ‘Everyone in this world is selling something. Some sell their art, others sell their hard work. Sunny Leone sells their sex appeal. There's a simple rule to life: If you want to earn something, you have to sell something.”
3. My sexuality is my asset, my property
The girl also enlightens their parents that they own their sexuality. It is no one else's right to dictate the terms of how and when they will use them ‘sexuality'. “I want to invest in my sexuality and gain from it. Mom, you have been taught that your sexuality is your husband's property,” the girl tells them parents.
4. I will not live my life for anybody else's sake
When parents further prod their daughter about what they will do when people start disparaging, disrespecting their profession, the girl says, “Your fear dictates your life and decisions. I am here to live my own life. I am not here to make someone else happy.”
5. Respect is a subjective term, can't be valued
During the course of the conversation, the father also asks their daughter that no one respects Sunny Leone. The girl replies, “Respect is a subjective term and cannot be valued.” When father further argues, “Sunny Leone is just a ‘thing'. You use it once and when done, you throw it away.” The girl thoughtfully says, “There is no person who is not thrown away after they are used in a profession. No matter what your profession is, you have to retire after a certain age. There is an age limit to everyone and everything.”
Advertising
The film stars Naina Ganguly, Makarand Deshpande and Divya Jagdale.
Meet Pam Stenzel. Pam Stenzel is a highly-paid* lecturer who speaks about the virtues of abstinence. Stenzel spoke on Monday at George Washington High School in Charleston, WV and created quite a stir when they allegedly made comments like, "If you take birth control, your mother probably hates you," and "I could look at any one of you in the eyes right now and tell if you're going to be promiscuous." Man, this woman makes me wish I had another virginity to lose.
Under the guise of fun and funky sex education, Stenzel has been speaking, often in public schools, about the glory of virginity for quite awhile. In a casual poll of twenty women (OK, I emailed twenty friends), four wrote back saying they remembered either seeing Stenzel speak live at school, or being forced to watch their videos in class. In a Jezebel post from 2010 about the harm of abstinence-only sex ed, several different commenters write about being subjected to Stenzel — and some of them thought they were pretty great.
She's a convincing speaker — a cross between manic stand-up and evangelist preacher. An absolute master of the specious argument, they orate with such fervor and humor that it's easy to get caught up in their bullshit.
And it is bullshit. Behind their facade of empowering girls to make "good decisions" and "having the integrity to wait" — she's really just packaging lies as truth, and doing it mighty powerfully. They expertly play young audiences, saying things like "God created sex,  They are not the cosmic kill-joy," to show that they Get IT, GUYS! Sex is great! But there's a catch — it's only great if you're doing it with the person you were sold to for marriage married because "He did create sex with boundaries, to protect us and our future marriage."
So sorry, kids, most of God's sex boundaries aren't super fun things like "In a threesome, thou shalt not fence cocks." Instead, they're an even more arbitrary set of rules about who you can and can't fuck and when you can and can't fuck them — which is very odd because sex between any two consenting adults is often a religious experience.
The Charleston Gazette has some more choice Stenzel quotes:
In their YouTube videos, Stenzel says birth control makes a woman "10 times more likely to contract a disease . . . or end up sterile or dead." Many of the videos warn of sexually transmitted diseaes and also say, "Sex could damage you for the rest of your life." Sex also could lead to "scarred fallopian tubes and cancer . . . and you need to ask Jesus for forgiveness." In addition, Stenzel points to anorexia, bulimia and "cutting" as after-effects of abortion.
Advertisement
Again, that is a woman who is regularly paid money to speak at schools — many of them public. And, oh boy, are religious fundamentalist communities happy to have them spreading the Word. Here's how the website Believes in West Virginia** previewed their talks earlier this week:
In a captivating and inspiring talk, Pam tackles the tough issues of sex with candor, insight, and humor while challenging young people to embrace God's plan for sexual purity.
Whoomp! (There it is.) God's plan. Sexual purity. Stenzel's game plan, clear as a commandment. And although they didn't mention religion in their talk at the public George Washington High School — she's far too smart for that — it's clear where their passion is.
Advertisement
At least it was obvious to many students at George Washington High School on Monday — including Katelyn Campbell, who called Stenzel's presentation "slut-shaming" and is filing a complaint with the ACLU.
"Many students felt uncomfortable with their outright condemnation of any and everyone who has ever had premarital sexual contact," Campbell said. "Stenzel's overall attitude was that any type of sex will guarantee the contraction of an STD or an unwanted pregnancy." Campbell and a male student, who wished to remain anonymous, said Stenzel often screamed into the microphone and used an unsettlingly loud tone throughout the presentation. "While their intentions may have been good, their tone was very loud, like they were shaming everyone in the audience. They were making girls cry. There were pregnant girls in the audience and they were implying, if you had sex, you're not an OK person," the male student said. "The only reason I am standing up against it is so other schools in West Virginia don't have to hear this."
Advertisement
Fuck Yeah, Katelyn Campbell and unnamed male student! Some pissed-off parents got into the mix, too. In a post to Facebook, parent Cheri Callaghan wrote that they heard a rumor the assembly was on safe sex and STDS. Knowing that the school nurse isn't even allowed to discuss specifics of birth control in a class setting with students, they were surprised. "I thought, 'Wow, now we're getting somewhere.' Come to find out it's 'a motivational speaker' on abstinence," they wrote.
Campbell's dedication to calling out the scary, damaging, unhealthy, lie-filled garbage fest that Stenzel is regularly puking into the ears of American teenagers is admirable. They give me hope for the future — and the fact that, according to the Charleston Gazette, many students were recording Stenzel's talk — if you have a copy, please email me! — makes me think the more this stuff is leaked, the more conversation there will be, and antiquated, ineffective abstinence-only education will be forced to go the way of the dinosaur (no offense, T. rex).
*Although County Superintendent Ron Duerring wouldn't reveal the cost of the talks and only said they were sponsored by private donations, according to Speaker Mix, a database of public speakers, Stenzel charges between $4,000 and $6,000 per appearance. I'm sure whoever donated the money probably just didn't want to spend it on things the students actually needed.
Advertisement
**UPDATE: The group Believes in West Virginia funded the talk.
[Charleston Gazette] [Charleston Daily Mail]
Talbot went 3-0-0 with a 1.00 goals-against average, .970 save percentage and one shutout to pace all goaltenders in wins and guide the Oilers (5-1-0, 10 points) to the top of the NHL's standings, highlighted by their best six-game start since 1985-86 (also 5-1-0). They recorded 31 saves in a 3-2 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes Oct. 18 and 34 stops in a 3-1 triumph over the St. Louis Blues Oct. 20, one day after becoming the father of twins. Talbot capped the week with a flawless performance in a 3-0 win over the Winnipeg Jets in the 2016 Tim Hortons NHL Heritage Classic Oct. 23, becoming the third goaltender in League history to post a shutout in a regular-season outdoor game (31 SV). The 29-year-old Caledonia, Ont., native owns a 59-43-10 record in 119 career NHL appearances (2.29 GAA, .924 SV%, 12 SO), including a 5-1-0 clip this season (2.75 GAA, .919 SV%, 1 SO).
Video: EDM@WPG: Talbot gets a piece of Ehlers' wrister
SECOND STAR - ARTEM ANISIMOV, C, CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS
Anisimov led the NHL with 4-3-7, including a pair of multi-goal performances, to power the Blackhawks (3-3-0, 6 points) to two victories in three contests. They opened the week with 2-2-4 in 7-4 triumph over the Philadelphia Flyers Oct. 18, their third career four-point outing and first since Feb. 6. Anisimov added one assist in a 3-2 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets Oct. 21 before scoring twice, their seventh career multi-goal game, in a 5-4 shootout win against the Toronto Maple Leafs Oct. 22. The 28-year-old Yaroslavl, Russia, native has 110-132-242 in 495 career NHL appearances, including 4-4-8 in six outings this season.
Video: PHI@CHI: Anisimov puts the Blackhawks back on top
THIRD STAR - MIKE GREEN, D, DETROIT RED WINGS
Green registered 3-2-5 to lead the Red Wings (4-2-0, 8 points) to a perfect 4-0-0 week. They notched their first career hat trick - and the first by a Detroit defenseman since Dec. 15, 2010 (Nicklas Lidstrom) - in the final home opener at Joe Louis Arena, a 5-1 win over the Ottawa Senators Oct. 17. Green then collected one assist in both a 2-1 victory over the New York Rangers Oct. 19 and a 5-3 triumph over the Nashville Predators Oct. 21 before being held off the scoresheet in a 3-0 win over the San Jose Sharks Oct. 22. The 31-year-old Calgary native has 123-279-402 in 655 career NHL outings, including 3-4-7 in six appearances this season.
Video: OTT@DET: Green's shot eludes Hammond to open scoring
A jihadist poses in front of a US-made TOW anti-tank missile
A fighter from the Caucaus Emirate in Syria, an al Qaeda-affiliated group, released a photo showing ownership of a US-made BGM-71 anti-tank missile. It is unclear when or where the photograph was taken, but it is likely recent and taken in northern Syria. A note card reading “Imarat Kavkaz” or “Caucasus Emirate” in Chechen can be seen in the foreground.
The Caucasus Emirate in Syria was formed when the former emir of Jaish al Muhajireen wal Ansar (Army of Emigrants and Helpers), Salahuddin Shishani, was removed from their post along with their deputy, Abdul Karim Krymsky, last month. Shishani announced their pledge to Muhammad Abu Usman, the new leader of the Caucasus Emirate, in a short video that was released by Akhbar Sham, a Russian-language website that previously promoted Jaish al Muhajireen wal Ansar's activities and leaders in Syria. However, according to From Chechnya to Syria, a website that tracks Russian-speaking jihadists in Syria, it is not a new organization; rather, it is the same group in Syria that had sworn allegiance to the Caucasus Emirate, only now independent from Jaish al Muhajireen wal Ansar.
Caleb Weiss is a contributor to FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
“If this succeeds, it's going to be very hard for utilities to say, ‘Oh no no, you can't do this,' ” said Daniel Schrag, a Harvard geochemist whose work inspired the proposal.
The plan may get an attentive hearing in Washington, where President Obama has installed a team at the Energy Department and other agencies that is determined to put new clean-energy plans into effect.
Photo
The Linden proposal builds on the work of Mr. Schrag and one of their graduate students, Kurt Zenz House. In a paper in 2006, they argued that layers of rock beneath the ocean floor might be the best place to bury the huge amounts of carbon dioxide that industrial societies emit into the atmosphere.
SCS Energy, which hired Mr. Schrag as a consultant after learning of that work, has specialized in tricky projects. Despite intense opposition, it succeeded in building a power plant fired by natural gas that began operating in Astoria, Queens, in 2006.
The company has struck a deal to pay $95 million for an old DuPont chemical factory site at Grasselli Point in Linden. The site is near rail lines and barges that can deliver coal. More than a dozen permits are needed from state and federal agencies, and those are likely to take years.
In an unusual twist, SCS says it intends to bolt a fertilizer plant onto the power plant to improve the economics. When power prices are high, the plant would concentrate on making electricity, but when they are low, it would also make nitrogen fertilizer.
Richard J. Gerbounka, the mayor of Linden, said they were “very excited about the project,” which would help redevelop a desolate industrial area.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A buried steel pipe, two feet in diameter, would transport liquid carbon dioxide from the power plant to a site 70 miles offshore, beneath half a mile of water. A well would inject the carbon dioxide to a depth of about a mile below the sea floor, into a layer of ancient sandstone. Mr. Schrag said the carbon dioxide would stay there for millions of years, kept down by a thick layer of mud and the weight of the sea. Not even earthquakes or underwater landslides would be likely to dislodge it, they said.
“The worst thing that could happen is a little bit of CO2 escaping into the atmosphere,” said Dean Malouta, the manager of technology for exploration and production for Shell's Americas region, which has financed some related research.
A well would be drilled to reduce the pressure and release the seawater displaced by the carbon dioxide, providing a better way to manage pressure than is possible on land, Mr. Schrag said.
Already, some oil companies pump carbon dioxide into their drilling fields in places like Texas, to help squeeze out more oil. The carbon dioxide put underground has mostly remained there, preventing it from re-entering the atmosphere.
But capturing carbon dioxide from power plants is expected to be costly, adding 25 percent or more to operating expenses, in addition to higher construction costs. In this country, utilities are planning only modest demonstration projects. One larger project in Illinois, FutureGen, was abandoned by the Bush administration as costs escalated.
Worldwide, more than a dozen projects are under way to store power plant emissions. Norway is the only country to have undertaken a large project to bury greenhouse gas emissions under the sea floor, at the Sleipner gas field 155 miles off the coast in the North Sea. That project has been going safely for 13 years, but it buries less than a quarter of the amount of carbon dioxide as proposed in New Jersey.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Environmental groups have been divided over whether this approach is a good idea. “The burden of proof is clearly going to be on the project developers” to prove the geological suitability of undersea storage, said Mark Brownstein of the Environmental Defense Fund.
Partly because of tight regulations and environmental opposition, no coal-fired plants have been built in New Jersey since the mid-1990s, and even renewable energy projects can be hard to site along the East Coast because of the difficulty of obtaining permits.
“It's an exciting project, but it's an unproven technology at the scale proposed,” said Elaine Makatura, a spokesperson for the Department of Environmental Protection in New Jersey, which has had preliminary meetings with the developers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The company sees the main hurdle as financing. SCS has begun informally talking with banks, and hopes to sidestep the credit crisis because it will not need large sums until about 2011. “As a business investment in the electricity industry, it's an attractive investment,” said Frank Smith, a founder of SCS.
The company hopes to tap close to $100 million a year in federal tax credits for its technology and says it believes it can turn a profit without additional grants. The plan features not only the fertilizer plant, but also other aspects that would improve the finances.
For instance, the carbon dioxide disposal pipe would be large enough to carry emissions not only from the power plant but also from factories nearby, a potentially valuable service if the government cracked down on emissions.
Liberals just aren't very liberal these days. The word “liberal” comes from the Latin word meaning freedom, and in the 19th century liberals in this country and abroad stood for free speech, free exercise of religion, free markets, free trade -- for minimal state interference in people's lives.
In the 20th century New Dealers revised this definition, by arguing that people had a right not only to free speech and freedom of religion, but also, as Franklin Roosevelt said in their 1941 Four Freedoms speech, freedom from fear and from want.
Freedom from want meant, for Roosevelt, government provision of jobs, housing, health care and food. And so government would have to be much larger, more expensive and more intrusive than ever before.
That's what liberalism has come to mean in America (in Europe it still has the old meaning), and much of the Obama Democrats' agenda are logical outgrowths -- Obamacare, the vast expansion of food stamps, attempted assistance to underwater homeowners.
But in some respects the Obama Democrats want to go farther -- and are complaining that they're having a hard time getting there. Their form of liberalism is in danger of standing for something like the very opposite of freedom, for government coercion of those who refuse to behave the way they'd like.
Example one is the constitutional amendment, sponsored by 43 of the 55 Democratic U.S. senators, which would cut back on the First Amendment and authorize Congress and state legislatures to restrict political speech.
The amendment is poorly drafted and leaves many questions dangerously open (who qualifies for the media exception?), perhaps because its sponsors know it has no significant chance of passage.
It also seems animated by a delusionary paranoia: Democrats profess to be afraid they'll be swamped by a flood of rich people's money, even though their rich supporters have raised more than the other side in recent years.
Nonetheless the picture is striking. Many conservatives wanted to change the First Amendment in order to prosecute flag burning, not the Founding Fathers' central concern.
Today's liberals, in contrast, want to change the First Amendment to restrict political speech, which is the core value the Founders sought to protect.
Or consider liberals' recent attitude toward free exercise of religion, made plain in their reaction to the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby decision declaring the Obamacare contraception mandate invalid as a violation of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA).
The RFRA was passed, with three dissenting votes, and signed by Bill Clinton in 1993. It was prompted by a Supreme Court decision upholding the penalization of Oregon Indians for using peyote, which they claimed was a religious rite.
In passing RFRA, liberals and conservatives alike responded as Americans have often done when small groups have claimed laws infringed their religious beliefs: They put a higher priority to a few individuals' free exercise of religion than they did to widely supported laws of general application.
Thus Congress allowed for conscientious objectors to be exempt from military service in World War II, in which more than 400,000 U.S. service members died. Even in a national emergency, when lives were at stake, Americans were willing to accommodate religious beliefs that a large majority did not share.
Today's liberals take a different view. They want to make Hobby Lobby's owners pay for what they regard as the destruction of human life. They spent much time arguing the owners are mistaken (actually, they have a plausible scientific basis for their belief).
But the point about freedom of religion isn't that everyone has to agree. On the contrary: Almost no one agreed with the Oregon Indians' beliefs about peyote.
They just thought the larger society should not use compulsion to bar them from practicing their religion. Today's liberals seem comfortable with using the force of law to prevent people from doing so.
Or consider the Supreme Court decision in Harris v. Quinn, ruling that caregivers for disabled relatives paid with Medicaid funds are not state employees and thus cannot be forced into a public employee union.
Today's liberals did this in President Obama's Illinois to channel public money away from low-income caregivers and toward public employee unions that do so much to fund and support the Democratic Party. They seem unembarrassed by this crass political motive and indifferent to the plight of the needy.
Today's liberals seem bent on pushing people around, preventing them from speaking their minds and practicing their beliefs. It's not just the language that's changed.
I know it can be really disappointing when a Santa doesn't come through, but take heart as there really are some amazing people out there who sign up to rematch. I'm almost at a loss for words to describe how amazing my Trick or Treat Rematch Santa is. They messaged me right away kept in touch with me regularly, even apologizing that they couldn't find Halloween stuff anymore. Like how sweet is that? Just wait, it gets better!!
So I come home to a box at my front door. Cutest little drawing on the top so I knew right away what it was. I had to impatiently wait for my daughters to come in from playing in the snow, but finally they did so we could open it together. OMG wow! My Santa is a chocolatier!!! They sent us the most amazing stash of chocolate amazingness! Not only that, but they made us the cutest Merry Christmas sign, that is now hanging in my dining area, and snowman top hat ornaments that are going on the tree when we decorate tomorrow! Take a look at the pictures, and if you're in Ontario you really need to look up this chocolate shop. Best chocolate ever!! (Yes, we've already sampled some!! Really hard to resist having just another taste, and another, and... we'll you get the drift)
Thank you for being such a sweetheart!!! Lots of love from my little family to you!!
Will Smriti Irani be the dark horse in the Delhi chief ministerial race?
While their name has not figured in public speculation over the BJP's many choices for the top job, insiders say the top leadership may spring a surprise by choosing the Union Human Resources Development minister for the job.
“The top leadership of the party is considering surprising Delhi voters by appointing Smriti Irani as the chief minister. The BJP top brass argues that they are a popular leader and acceptable to common people of the national capital. Most importantly, they are close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah,” said a party insider.
The four strong contenders for the job - Union Science and Technology Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan, Delhi BJP president Dr Satish Upadhyay, party's leader from Janakpuri Dr Jagdish Mukhi and Rajya Sabha member Vijay Goel – may be ignored, they added.
This situation, party sources said, is a result of infighting over the chief minister's chair. There's no open demand from any of the contenders yet but the intensity of the competition has forced party president Amit Shah to intervene and lay down a zero-tolerance policy.
“Unhappy Shah held a meeting with the party leaders on Monday and clearly instructed them to work with unity for the ‘sangathan' (organisation) so that a majority of mark can be ensured. They also said the party failed to get a clear mandate last time, only because of the internal tug-of-war,” sources close to the development told Firstpost.
"The problem before the leadership is lack of a clear choice. All the contenders are strong in their own way and there's no way one can be overlooked for another. The best choice is to have someone from outside. Smriti Irani fits the bill here, they added.
“While Satish Upadhyay has good managerial skills, is a devoted party leader and has shown no greed for the top job, they are still not the party's face in Delhi. Dr Harsh Vardhan is a capable leader for the top job. Under their leadership the party won 32 seats last year. They enjoy the support of people and local leaders but the problem with them is that they do not belong to the Modi camp. If they are appointed as chief minister, they will try to run the government without the intervention of the Centre, which will never be accepted to the party's central leadership,” another leader requesting anonymity said.
Asked about former Delhi Finance Minister Jagdish Mukhi, who is known to have good equations with all quarters in the party, another source said, “It is true that Mr Mukhi is the seniormost legislator and has extensive experience. But they do not enjoy the support of the party leaders. In addition, their age can go against them as some young members have raised objections over choosing a veteran above young leadership.”
Earlier, an aggressive campaign was launched through posters and social networking sites to pitch Mukhi and New Delhi MP Meenakshi Lekhi for the chief ministerial post. A group named 'Delhi For Good Governance' had put up posters to promote Lekhi. Similarly, three dedicated Facebook pages entitled ‘Prof Jagdish Mukhi For Next Delhi CM', ‘Dr Jagdish Mukhi for CM Delhi' and ‘Jagdish Mukhi for CM' had come up in support of the veteran leader.
Interestingly, after Lekhi and former party president Vijay Gupta were completely sidelined, Rajya Sabha member Vijay Goyal has begun jostling for the top job, a senior leader told Firstpost.
Goel was appointed as the Delhi BJP chief in February last year, but their eight-month tenure saw a severe infighting and high level of factionalism with the saffron brigade failing to emerge as the natural alternative to the Sheila Dikshit-led Congress government. They were then replaced by Dr Harsh Vardhan.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The world-famous network solution providers Cisco have just recently released Cisco Connect Express – an app for Android and iOS-powered smartphones that empowers users to remotely access, monitor and manage the settings of their Cisco-based routers. Using the Guest Access feature of the app, users can send invites to as many as 10 different devices to connect to your home Wi-Fi network and hence, the internet. Invites that carry a user-defined router password can be sent to visiting guests via emails or to your nearby friends via Bluetooth. In addition, users can use the app to upgrade the firmware and check out detailed information pertaining to their router. Need to remotely reset the IP address or change the password of your router? No problem. Using Cisco Connect Express, you can personalize router settings as per you liking and view all the devices connected to it.
Note: As of now, Cisco Connect Express is compatible with most of the Linksys E-Series, X-Series or Valet home routers. Also, modifying several settings of the router might require resetting/restarting it, which would, in turn, disconnect other devices from the network.
Provided you're connected to a Cisco Wi-Fi router and fire up the app on your Android device for the first time, it automatically detects the model/make of your router and its IP address. Upon connecting with a compatible router, the app prompts you to feed in its admin password (one-time process only). After that, it's smooth sailing and you have complete control of your router.
By tapping Guest Access from the app's homescreen, you can manage permission settings and specify total number of guests/devices that can connect to the network. Once said feature is enabled, you can easily Send Guest Password to various users via email or Bluetooth.
Using the Wi-Fi Settings option from the app's homescreen, users can easily change their router's name as well as password.
To view all connected devices by their names and MAC Address, manually add a device or to connect to other (supported) devices using the Wi-Fi Protection Setup, just tap Devices from the app's homescreen. Connected devices can also be renamed from within same screen.
Finally, the Router Management option on the homescreen lets you remotely change various router settings that include renewing its IP address, rebooting the router, checking for firmware updates and viewing detailed information such as the Model name/number, serial number, current firmware version, connection type, IP address of LAN/WAN as well as that of your device.
In a nutshell, Cisco Connect Express is intended to help users easily and remotely manage their Cisco routers direct from their devices instead of their PCs and can serve as an excellent network management tool for offices in particular.
Download Cisco Connect Express for Android
Download Cisco Connect Express for iPhone, iPad & iPod touch
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
A 2012 report on men and marriage by the Pew Research Center shows statistically what many of us have noticed anecdotally: men are finding marriage less desirable than in the past and are now marrying later, if at all.
In today's post I want to present some excerpts from a hard-hitting article that appeared at Lifesite News in 2013, commenting on the Pew study. The full article can be read here: Men Giving Up on Marriage.
As usual, I present the text from the original article in bold, black italics, while my own poor commentary is in plain red text.
Fewer young men in the US want to get married than ever. … The number of young adult men saying that having a successful marriage is one of the most important things dropped from 35 percent to 29 percent [since 1997].
The latest census data showed “barely half” of all adults in the United States are currently married, a “record low.” Since 1960, the number of married adults has decreased from 72 percent to 51 [percent] today and the number of new marriages in the U.S. declined by five percent between 2009 and 2010.
Moreover, the median age at first marriage continues to rise, with women getting married the first time at 26.5 years and men at 28.7 [years]. The declines in marriage are “most dramatic” among young adults. Just 20 percent of those aged 18 to 29 are married, compared with 59 percent in 1960.
In my mere 26 years of priesthood, I have seen the number of weddings I perform each year decrease from 35 to 5, and the average age of engaged couples increase from 24 to 31. These are startling changes, and they largely match those experienced by other priests with whom I have discussed the matter.
29 percent of young adult men desiring marriage is an amazingly low figure. The article notes that the things that once motivated men to marry in the past are largely in eclipse now. Men once enjoyed the esteem they garnered by marrying, and were motivated by the challenge of being breadwinners. Getting married was once a proper and approved way of attaining status, and legitimately enjoying sexual intimacy. It was part of the passage to manhood.
But today, many (if not most) women don't need (or don't think they need) men to provide for them economically. It's goodbye to any notion of the esteem of being a provider.
Further, in an age of promiscuity, most men don't need marriage to open the door to sexual encounters. Only a few “old-fashioned” Catholic priests and traditionalist Catholics raise any eyebrows at men's “playing the field.” And women as a group (with certain notable exceptions) seem less insistent on expecting men to connect sexual intimacy and marriage.
Add to this the financial bondage introduced by the racket that college education has become. Many young people graduate from college with six-figure debt. And when undergraduate degrees no longer open doors, advanced degrees became necessary, bringing on even more debt.
And finally, add one more thing: pornography. It is more available than ever before. And though it is theoretically more privately accessible than previously, I would point out that there is nothing private about the Internet; Internet service providers know every site you have ever visited.
Sadly, many young men honestly admit that they prefer pornography to real women. Pornography doesn't talk back or have preferences or moods. Real relationships are complex and require navigation and negotiation. Pornography, it would seem, is a narcissistic paradise. Click through to your current preference; it's all about you and what you want. And at the end, the object of your fantasy disappears and does not have issues or attitudes with which you must deal.
The overall image is of a cauldron, filled with a witch's brew or a satanic stew. That men and women marry at all today is increasingly miraculous. I always make a point of congratulating and thanking engaged couples that get to my rectory door for beating the odds and having the gumption to swim upstream.
Pew's findings have caught the attention of one US writer who maintains that feminism, deeply entrenched in every segment of the culture, has created an environment in which young men find it more beneficial to simply opt out of [marriage] entirely
Suzanne Venker [in her] article, “The War on Men,” … points out that for the first time in U.S. history, the number of women in the workforce has surpassed the number of men, while more women than men are acquiring university degrees. …
With feminism pushing them out of their traditional role of breadwinner, protector, and provider—and divorce laws increasingly creating a dangerously precarious financial prospect for the men cut loose from marriage—men are simply no longer finding any benefit in it. …
“When I ask [men] why, the answer is always the same: women aren't women anymore.” Feminism, which teaches women to think of men as the enemy, has made women “angry” and “defensive, though often unknowingly.”
“Men are tired,” Venker wrote. “Tired of being told there's something fundamentally wrong with them. Tired of being told that if women aren't happy, it's men's fault.”
Most men I know perceive that they are often considered by the wider culture as deficient, even depraved. The “men are stupid” commercials and sitcoms abound. Men are often presented as buffoons, who need women and children to “set them straight” on the simplest of things.
Schools, dominated by feminist ideology, have made a pathology of the normal behavior of boys, which includes competition and roughhousing. They seek to feminize boys, going even so far as to encourage medication for them. Most of these boys merely have the spit and vinegar that was once considered normal, needing to be curbed somewhat rather than suppressed with drugs.
It is little wonder that fewer young men make it to college and are falling behind young women in almost every category. Being told (even indirectly) on a regular basis that you are fundamentally flawed has a significant effect over time.
The article says that feminism has emboldened many women to direct suspicious anger toward men and generally presume that they have bad or evil motives. But it has also caused a lot of men to draw back from the healthy confidence that once bolstered them to go out and seek a wife and to take a leadership role in the community, the Church, and the family.
A feminist culture in effect shames these desires as being “patriarchal.”
This is a situation that should not be celebrated by feminists, Venker says. “It's the women who lose. Not only are they saddled with the consequences of sex … The fact is, women need men's linear career goals … in order to live the balanced life they seek.”
Yes, in the end it's usually the biology that kicks in. Truth be told, men and women are meant to be complementary not competitive. Our very body bespeaks a difference that requires the opposite sex to complement it. The design of women's bodies speaks to bearing children and nurturing them.
A woman who wants to have and raise children well needs time and flexibility. The 9-to-5 career world does not facilitate that. Thus their husband complements their need by taking up the linear and less-flexible career world, leaving them freer to nurture the children.
This used to be obvious to us. But ideology is often disinterested in the obvious. It may be true that we were once too restrictive, limiting certain jobs and careers to men. But for most women, the freedom to work has become the duty to work, even in the childbearing years. It's a raw deal for everyone: women, men, and especially children.
The bottom line is, it's never good for anyone, or for civilization as a whole, when huge numbers opt out of or find no access to our most fundamental building block: the traditional family. We must save traditional marriage if we stand any chance of saving our dying civilization.
For further reading, consider Men and Marriage by George Guilder and Eggs are Expensive, Sperm is Cheap by Greg Krehbiel.
Republicans on Capitol Hill fear that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE will knock them off-course as they make a furious year-end push for their legislative agenda.
There is precious little margin for error as the GOP battles to pass tax reform and come to an agreement on government spending — and Trump's taste for controversy doesn't help, they say.
“While they will push for tax reform, Trump is never going to change and could end up distracting everyone over unrelated matters that feed the base,” said one Republican strategist with close ties to the White House.
ADVERTISEMENT
Less than an hour after the strategist made that point on Monday afternoon, Trump created just such a distraction.
At a White House ceremony honoring Navajo Code Talkers, they jabbed at Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.), referring to them as Pocahontas.
Trump's use of the term, considered by some to be a racial slur, sparked a firestorm on social media.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders faced a number of questions on the topic at a media briefing. They defended Trump, denied “Pocahontas” was a slur and tried to keep the focus on Warren, a potential presidential candidate in 2020.
The broader issue, though, is one in which delicate negotiations overcomplicated issues can be cast into confusion at a moment's notice by the president.
Senate Republican lawmakers will be looking for reassurance when Trump meets with them on Tuesday at their weekly policy luncheon.
The GOP badly needs a win on tax reform after efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare, ran aground earlier this year.
Republican lawmakers are also eager to avoid a government shutdown, which could occur if a new spending deal is not reached by Dec. 8.
But divisions between Trump and Capitol Hill Republicans complicate work on both fronts.
Trump recently signaled support for Senate candidate Roy Moore in Alabama, breaking with GOP lawmakers who have distanced themselves from Moore over allegations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls.
Neither the Republican National Committee nor the party's Senate campaign arm, the National Republican Senate Committee, is spending money to help Moore win the special election on Dec. 12.
Trump's backing of Moore also adds another point of friction to their strained relationship with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.), who has tried to get Moore out of the race.
The erosion of trust between Trump and the GOP could also be a factor in the government funding talks.
Republican lawmakers have not forgotten the president's impromptu deal with Democrats in September, when they overruled GOP leaders and agreed to a stopgap measure favored by Democratic leaders Sen. Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (N.Y.) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro PelosiHouse to push back at Trump on border Governors bullish on infrastructure after Trump talks Pelosi attends signing of New York's new 'red flag' gun control bill MORE (Calif.) — or “Chuck and Nancy” as Trump has sometimes called them.
Some in the GOP also smarted when, during one of the abortive attempts to repeal ObamaCare, Trump first held a Rose Garden event to celebrate the passage of House legislation, only to later disparage the same bill as “mean.”
“What Republicans would like to see now is what they have wanted to see all year — a focus on moving a legislative agenda,” said Doug Heye, a former communications director of the Republican National Committee and frequent Trump critic.
“We have seen some fits and starts with that, but it hasn't been a long-term or consistent priority for the president,” Heye added. “That takes focus and discipline, and we haven't seen that.”
Trump weighed in on the tax bill — in comparatively restrained fashion — earlier Monday. On Twitter, they enthused that it was “coming along very well [with] great support” but said the proposal would nevertheless require “just a few changes.”
Still, there is guarded optimism in Republican ranks that tax reform could win passage before the end of the year.
Few things unite the GOP so emphatically as a desire for lower taxes. Lawmakers are keenly aware of the political imperative to deliver some tangible benefits to the voters who elected them before next year's midterm election season begins.
“There is growing momentum for this and I'm confident that we're going to get this done soon,” Sen. Pat Toomey Patrick (Pat) Joseph ToomeyOvernight Defense: Pick for South Korean envoy splits with Trump on nuclear threat | McCain blasts move to suspend Korean military exercises | White House defends Trump salute of North Korean general WH backpedals on Trump's 'due process' remark on guns Top GOP candidate drops out of Ohio Senate race MORE (R-Pa.) told reporters at the White House on Monday.
Toomey was among a group of lawmakers who met with Trump and Vice President Pence moments before to discuss the tax bill.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE (R-Utah) was upbeat as well, insisting that Republicans in the upper chamber would have the votes to pass tax legislation.
“We intend to get to 50,” Hatch said.
Some Republicans defend the way Trump has pushed the tax-reform package to date.
“On the tax stuff, they are doing a pretty good job,” said John Feehery, a former aide to GOP leaders on Capitol Hill who is also a columnist for The Hill. “He can talk with great authority about how this will help the business sector create jobs.”
Feehery said they are “very optimistic” that tax reform would pass, even if it would involve “a delicate dance” between Trump and their party colleagues.
Others sounded a more cautious note.
“They need this to be all hands on deck — big hands or small hands,” Heye said. “It is a real challenge for the president to stay out of their own way.”
The Memo is a reported column by Niall Stanage, primarily focused on Donald Trump's presidency.
BOSTON -- The Grady Sizemore experiment in Boston has come to an end.
The Boston Red Sox designated the outfielder for assignment Tuesday, recalling third baseman Garin Cecchini from Triple-A Pawtucket to take their roster spot. They were officially released on Wednesday.
"We were certainly hoping and thinking that this could have turned out different [and] we were still hoping it did up until very recently," Red Sox general manager Ben Cherington said. "It just got to a point where we didn't think we could give it more time. [We are] trying to find ways to create better roster alignment for [manager John Farrell] and their staff and so we made the decision to make the move."
In 52 games for the Red Sox, Sizemore struggled, hitting .216 with two home runs and 15 RBIs in 205 plate appearances. June has been even more difficult for Sizemore, as he's hit .133 (4-for-30) this month with only one RBI in 30 at-bats.
Grady Sizemore revived their career with a great spring training for the Red Sox, only to struggle during the regular season, hitting .216. Mark L. Baer/USA TODAY Sports
Farrell said the team had been discussing a move regarding Sizemore for a couple of days before the decision was made Tuesday.
"Out of respect to Grady, we wanted to make the decision sooner rather than later if there are other opportunities for him," Farrell said.
Farrell said that the news came hard for Sizemore, who has lost playing time recently as a result of the emergence of Brock Holt and successful return of outfielder Daniel Nava. With Holt and Nava moving into starting positions in the Red Sox lineup (Holt making their first career start in center Tuesday night), it became difficult for Sizemore to get consistent at-bats.
"Grady Sizemore is about all the good things in this game," Farrell said. "From their performance, to the person they are, to their work ethic, the way they play the game -- he's an exceptional person. This is a tough decision to part ways with a guy of their caliber. He's trying to do something that I don't know has been done in the game before. We commended them on their work ethic trying to get back to the level previous."
Signed as a free agent to an incentive-laden deal with a base salary of $750,000 in January, Sizemore represented a low-risk, high-reward option for the Red Sox. Attempting to return to the majors after undergoing seven surgeries for a variety of injuries that limited them to 104 games between 2010-2013, Sizemore was the story of the spring, hitting .310 in 42 exhibition at-bats and showing glimpses of the three-time All Star they once are for the Cleveland Indians.
The promise shown continued once the regular season came around as Sizemore won the starting center fielder job over rookie Jackie Bradley, Jr. and hit a home run in their second at-bat of the season. Since then, the 31-year-old outfielder has slowed down, perhaps finally showing the toll that trying to play a full major league season had on their body.
"From a medical treatment standpoint they were doing well. They aren't really requiring any special attention or treatment," Cherington said. "The grind of a major league season and playing every day, it's hard to predict what's going to happen to the body. Since they hadn't been through it, they may just need to go through it a little more to find himself. Unfortunately we just weren't in a position to give them more time."
Sizemore's contract called for the possibility of more than $5 million in bonuses. At the time of their designation, they were 20 plate appearances away from reaching a $250,000 performance bonus. They also fell just shy (12 days) of a $250,000 roster bonus.
The Red Sox now have 10 days to either trade or release Sizemore. Cherington said the team didn't discuss a return to the minor leagues with Sizemore but would be open to it. However, their tone seemed to suggest that the two sides will go their separate ways.
"I'm guessing he'll probably try to see if there's a major league opportunity out there," Cherington said. "We'll be rooting hard for him. We'd all love to see them playing in the big leagues and playing well again. Hopefully that happens for him."
Cherington also said that trading Sizemore would be an option for the team.
"In fairness to Grady, I don't think we would draw that out very long," they said. "If anything happens in the next day or so, we'll see. If not, I think we'd probably just take the next step."
Meanwhile, Cecchini will return to the Red Sox for the second time this season to fill the void left by Sizemore on the roster. The move only figures to be temporary as outfielder Shane Victorino is expected to rejoin the team some point along their upcoming West Coast trip and a decision regarding starter Brandon Workman's suspension is expected this week, possibly leaving their scheduled start on Friday up in the air. Farrell said that Ceccini will serve as an option off the bench, primarily at third base.
"I'm happy to be here," Cecchini said. "I'm going to be here and bring a good attitude. Just trying to help the Boston Red Sox win games."
It's official. After much debate and analysis of the Lou Reed & Metallica single 'The View' from their 2011 collaborative album 'Lulu,' Wikipedia has broken the news that Metallica frontman James Hetfield is, in fact, a table.
Hetfield has claimed to be many things in ' The View ,' including "the root," "the aggressor" and some sort of tablet - but it their declaration " I am the table " that has been accepted as fact by Wikipedia (see image at left).
More than two months after 'The View' was released, Wikipedia has finally confirmed that being a table is indeed one of Hetfield's various occupations. After the news became official, we hear that Megadeth frontman / former Metallica guitarist Dave Mustaine is currently attempting to purchase Hetfield for their dining room.
Rumor also has it that Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich will serve as a centerpiece atop the Hetfield table. Additionally, Ulrich is apparently considering another lawsuit against Napster in response to the company's announcement of its new furniture division.
James "The Table" Helfield has become so renowned for their four-legged accomplishments that Wikipedia has also added the Metallica frontman to their list of possible table references. At one point, if a Wikipedia user typed "table" into the search bar, one of the options read "James Hetfield, who claims themselves as 'The Table.'"
Update: Wikipedia has removed 'Table' from James Hetfield's occupations. Apparently, the Metallica frontman has returned to human form. But to us, they will not only forever be a table, but "The Table!"
Update No. 2: Due to overwhelming demand, James Hetfield has once again morphed into a table, as Wikipedia has reinstated 'Table' as one of their occupations!
Update No, 3: Alas, James Hetfield is no longer legally considered a table, according to Wikipedia. Apparently, the movement to declare the Metallica frontman a table didn't have legs after all.
and starrer PK has been appreciated a lot by all sections of the society. But looks like this film has upset
certain members of All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB).
This board is demanding to remove some scenes to ensure that communal harmony is not disturbed.
Maulana Khalid Rashid Farangi Mahali was quoted, “It has come to notice that some scenes of film PK hurt religious sentiments. If it is so, it is not good. Freedom of expression does not mean hurting someone's sentiments. If there are such scenes, the Censor Board should remove them so that communal harmony is not disturbed.”
They further added,“The way atmosphere of the country and UP was vitiated, small matters are blown out of proportion and issues like ‘Love Jihad' and conversion were being raised, it is the need of the hour to take precautions while making films.”
Not only that, the Maulana said,“If a movie had material that hurt religious sentiments, especially when it is acted by a Muslim Aamir Khan, who played a Hindu character, it could be taken otherwise.”
Apart from the India Muslim Personal Law Board, even right-wing group Hindu Janajagruti Samiti feels that PK has hurt the sentiments of the majority community.
Credits :PTI
Read More
27 days and counting. That's how long it is until September 30th, when Google will start sending 100,000 invites for the early test of Google Wave.
The real-time communication platform has captured the imagination of countless communication, social media, and tech enthusiasts that want to get their hands on its game-changing features. It can import Twitter, provide real-time chat, play back past conversations, and even allows for drag-and-drop file uploads.
There are a lot of features, but it is unlike any other web product yet and thus takes time to learn. That's why in July we asked an important question: is the world ready for Google Wave? Will there be widespread adoption, or will the ambitious project fall short of expectations? Will developers jump on the Wave bandwagon and build apps for it like they do for Twitter and Facebook?
Wave Is Almost Ready for Primetime
We have been monitoring the progress of Wave with our developer accounts, and we have to say: it's come a long way. When I first used it, I experienced multiple crashes per session and the interface would bug out. And while these things still happen when I use Wave, the instances are far more sporadic.
Google has also been constantly informing developers of its updates to Wave. Today in fact, they just released a new update, codename "ChooChoo." Here's what was just added, according to the Wave team:
- Gadget insertion button in the editor toolbar (don't need to use the Debug menu anymore!) - Strikethrough button in the editor - The extension management system has been upgraded (meaning any extensions you had previously installed will need to be re-installed) - Minimized Waves will now flash green when new content is entered into the Wave (if you are curious, a lot of the current work is moving towards improving our OT infrastructure, it isn't something that will be obvious, other than the editor will be more robust)
Summary: Google is implementing a swath of minor back-end and UI improvements in rapid fashion in anticipation of the September 30th release. Things like small notifications, added formatting tools, and more efficient gadgets will all make the experience that much better when the end of the month rolls around.
So are you ready for Google Wave? Because ready or not, it's going to be making waves (pun intended) across the entire web very, very soon.
More Google Wave Resources from Mashable
Padres Manager Andy Green is one of the most progressive-thinking skippers in Major League Baseball. There are very few ideas or quirks or tweaks that they will not at least entertain a conversation on because they want to find ways to win baseball games.
Green's mind is always churning on something and they are more than happy to share it with pretty much anyone who takes the time to ask.
“Yeah he's got a ton of good advice,” said outfielder Travis Jankowski. “He's got a ton of books to read. Just talking to him; that guy is as mentally tough as they come.”
The books mention is interesting because it brings to mind former NBA coach Phil Jackson who famously gave their players books to read. But unlike Jackson, who chose the tomes that fueled the titles, Green finds out what the players are interested in and makes suggestions from there.
“I kind of try to meet a guy where they are and what I think they can digest,” said Green. “There's a wide range of things I think are impactful to guys, different authors for different guys.”
Green is so encouraged to see their players asking about books that they don't have to buy a single one of them.
“He says they're on him,” said Jankowski. “He doesn't have a whole stash of them but they say whatever you guys want, if it's going to strengthen your mind and get you right for the season he'll buy it for us.”
“I tell them I'll buy them any book they want at any time,” said Green. “It's not class in there but it's, let's activate the minds and figure out how to handle adversity and what's expected of a professional baseball player.”
You'll hear Green talk a lot about activating the mind. While many people today bemoan the slow pace of play in baseball (and rightfully so, they need to speed it up) they often misinterpret that as a lack of excitement. Before any pitch there are countless calculations that must be made by every player on the field.
What pitch is coming? What's the count? Who's on base? How many outs are there? What inning are we in? Where does the manager have me positioned? Where are my teammates positioned? Who's pitching? Who's hitting? What's the scouting report on the opponent?
That's not even all of it and it changes pitch-to-pitch throughout the course of a game. Green believes an engaged mind, especially in the times between the ball being put in play, is absolutely critical to avoiding mental errors.
“If they're learning, if their minds are active, they're going to learn on the baseball field. If their minds are shut off and it's Twitter and video games all day their minds are going to be shut off on the baseball field. It's really simple. It's the same way with my kids. If they watch TV all day they're not going to make smart decisions. With these guys out here, if you turn their minds on you open them up to new ideas and new theories, new ways to handle adversity, new ways to respond to difficult circumstances, they do better on the baseball field.”
There is no go-to author or subject matter. Heck there's not even a favorite genre. Green can dip in to pretty much any kind of writing to find something that fits what their players are looking for.
“I recommend a few fiction things. Guys who want to communicate better, I've got a couple of books up that lane, too, for guys that want to be more impactful leaders.”
And in case you're curious, yes … when it comes to keeping the mind engaged through reading Green practices what they preach.
“I'm always reading. Actually Spring Training is the one time I'm not reading because the days are so extraordinarily wrong but outside of spring I'll read all year long.”
He's not just talking about scouting reports, either.
Coated, Day 07
As you can see my great fans 🙂 i was off for two days to finish my Ludum Dare. So, i didn't do any thing except in”The Filthy Coward”. Today i went back again to my amazing next title “Coated” and started to work again. The game logic, code almost done and now i have the first playable level, i wanted to share how the game looks with you 😀
I did my best in this game to still looks like “Harmonic” but at the same time i wanted it to looks like different game. So, at the end i got something like this image. The same color tone. Now am I working in drawing and constructing all the levels. Plus adding sound effects and searching for a cool music or even do it myself;
m;
Advertisements
Image caption The club said they were taking the incident "very seriously"
Three people have been been arrested after a goalkeeper was allegedly punched at a League Two football match.
Bury keeper Cameron Belford was taunted during a pitch invasion at the match at Chesterfield's b2net Stadium on Monday.
Police said a 38-year-old man and two boys, aged 13 and 16, were arrested and questioned. They were later released on bail pending further enquiries.
Chesterfield Football Club said anyone convicted would be banned indefinitely from attending matches.
Derbyshire Police said they were studying CCTV pictures and liaising with the club.
The pitch invasion happened after one of the home side's goals in a game Bury went on to win 3-2 and clinch promotion to nPower League One, preventing the Spireites winning the League Two title.
Mr Belford has made an official complaint.
'Extremely disappointing'
Insp Russ Dakin, who was in charge of the policing operation for the match, said: "The behaviour of a minority of people in the ground yesterday was extremely disappointing.
"We have started a post-match investigation where we will be looking at CCTV, photographs and other footage to identify people involved in these incidents.
"So far we have arrested three people but anticipate further arrests in the coming days and weeks.
"A number of people have contacted the police voluntarily having seen the media coverage.
"We are working closely with the club and rest assured anyone who is identified as being involved in an offence will be dealt with either via the criminal route or through civil or club bans."
An appeal has been posted on Chesterfield FC's website to try to identify the person who punched Mr Belford.
Stadium manager Colin Nellist added: "The very minimum that will happen to this person is they will get a ban from the club and whatever happens thereafter will depend on the courts.
"But as soon as we ascertain the identity of this person they will be banned from the club until further notice because we take this very seriously indeed."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Many workers have around 8% of their wages paid into pensions
Workers should double the amount they are saving into their occupational pension schemes, a two-year review for the Labour Party has concluded.
The Independent Review of Retirement Income (IRRI) suggests the target for savings should be 15% of salary.
That is a considerably higher level than has been suggested previously.
At the moment the average worker puts just 4.7% of pay into a pension - with most employers making a further contribution of less than 4%.
"To get a decent-sized pension pot for retirement, it is necessary to make adequate pension contributions - something of the order of 15% of pensionable salary," wrote Professor David Blake, director of the Pensions Institute at Cass Business School, in the 588 page report.
'Shake-up'
Industry experts have agreed with their recommendation.
"I think 15% is spot-on, unfortunately," said Richard Parkin, the head of retirement at Fidelity International.
"It's a rule of thumb we would recognise, although it represents a challenge for those on low earnings," they told the BBC.
The review was set up by the Labour Party, following the government's announcement of planned pension freedoms in the 2014 budget.
On Tuesday the government confirmed that there will be a review of the state pension age. It will report in May 2017, and will be headed by John Cridland, the former director general of the CBI.
The review could mean people joining the workforce today will have to wait until their mid-70s before they retire, experts have warned.
Those under the age of about 55 will be affected by the shake-up, which will consider what the state retirement age should be from April 2028.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Under auto enrolment, workers will in theory see 8% of their salaries go to their pension
Auto enrolment
Employees taking part in the government's auto enrolment programme will eventually see a theoretical 8% of their salaries going in to a pension.
Employers will be obliged to make a 3% minimum contribution, and workers a 5% contribution.
However in practice, most contribution rates will be much lower than 8%, as the first £5824 in salary is ignored, as is anything over £42,385.
This is the so-called "qualifying earnings" rule.
While welcoming most of Professor Blake's conclusions, some industry experts said savings levels needed to be tailored to individual circumstances.
Conventional wisdom suggests lower-paid workers need to save a higher proportion of their wages than better-paid workers.
Could you run out of money before you die?
Image copyright Thinkstock
Click here to see how much you can take out of your pension, while making sure your money lasts
'Force nine gales'
Professor David Blake said too many people did not understand the risks associated with making pension income last.
"It is clear that many of these people will find themselves in the same kind of control as a yachtsman in the middle of the Atlantic in a force nine gales," they said.
As a result they said that pension savers needed more help.
Elsewhere in the report they recommend:
Participation in New York City's new anti-salt campaign, which aims to reduce the sodium content of restaurant and packaged food by an average of 25 percent in the next five years, is voluntary for now. But that is also how the city's trans fat ban got started; when restaurants declined to cooperate, they were forced. City officials are downplaying the possibility that recalcitrant volunteers will be conscripted. "There's not an easy regulatory fix," Associate Health Commissioner Geoffrey Cowley told The New York Times. "You would have to micromanage so many targets for so many different products." And when have government bureaucrats ever tried to micromanage business practices?
Even if it does not become legally mandatory, the city's salt assault is astonishingly presumptuous. Because it requires the participation of restaurant chains and food manufacturers, it will, if successful, affect the diet of the entire country. Such a nationwide shift is not justified even by the standards of "public health" paternalism, since it could do more harm than good. "We all consume way too much salt," claims New York City Health Commissioner Thomas Farley. But as I noted in my 2003 Reason article about the Center for Science in the Public Interest (which back in the 1970s was calling salt "the deadly white powder you already snort"), that position is more an article of nutritional faith than an established scientific proposition. Reviewing the controversy over salt reduction in a 2008 Esquire article, John Mariani summed up the evidence this way:
Studies show that 30 percent of the Americans who have high blood pressure would greatly benefit from a low-sodium diet. But that's about 10 percent of the overall population—the rest of us are fine with sodium.
Furthermore, skeptics such as Michael Alderman, editor of the American Journal of Hypertension, worry that a substantial nationwide reduction in salt consumption could have unintended negative health consequences. "They want to do an experiment on a whole population without a good control," Alderman told the New York Daily News. "That's not science." In a 2000 review of the evidence, Alderman warned:
The question...is whether the beneficial hypotensive effects of sodium restriction will outweigh its hazards. Unfortunately, few data link sodium intake to health outcomes, and that which is available is inconsistent. Without knowledge of the sum of the multiple effects of a reduced sodium diet, no single universal prescription for sodium intake can be scientifically justified.
Previous Reason coverage of New York's anti-salt crusade here, here, and here.
Research by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine found that between 540 and 760 deaths could be attributed to the ongoing spell of hot weather.
Forecasters say the heatwave shows no signs of abating, meaning the number of fatalities is likely to double before the temperature cools down.
Ben Armstrong, professor in epidemiological statistics, produced the mortality figures for The Times using Met Office temperature data and comparing it to previous studies they have conducted on other British heatwaves.
The numbers cover the nine-day period from July 6 to last Sunday, which is the most recent date for which data is available.
The Met Office yesterday issued a level 3 heatwave alert, meaning social and healthcare services are advised to take specific actions that target high-risk groups.
The elderly and the young, and those with chronic health conditions, have been urged to take extra care.
Professor Virginia Murray, head of extreme events and health protection at Public Health England, said: "The risk of death and risk of illness really concerns us.
“Those with pre-existing illnesses are at much greater risk of not being able to cope with heat. It's much harder for them to cope with cooling.
"Data has shown real risk of increased deaths when temperature goes above 26C."
Vulnerable people include those with breathing difficulties, who might struggle to get enough air into their bodies to regulate their temperature, and those with heart conditions, who were more likely to suffer a heart attack in the heat, they said.
Very hot temperatures can also cause heatstroke, which can result in brain damage and death.
The country experienced the hottest day of the year so far yesterday, with the mercury hitting 32.2C (90F).
Temperatures are expected to hit 30C (86F) again today, according to weather forecasters at MeteoGroup.
The heatwave is expected to continue into next week, with temperatures in the high 20s Celsius at the weekend, rising to 30C and above next week.
Police and fire chiefs yesterday reiterated warnings about escaping the heat by swimming in open water after four people died in separate incidents on Tuesday.
A 16-year-old boy and a 41-year-old man from King's Lynn were found dead in unrelated incidents in lakes at Bawsey Pits, Norfolk.
A man believed to be a 21-year-old from Shropshire died after getting into difficulties near the confluence of the Rivers Dee and Ceiriog on the Shropshire-north Wales border, and a 40-year-old woman from Saltash died following what police called a "medical episode" while swimming in the sea at Seaton, near Torpoint in eastern Cornwall.
Hospitals have meanwhile seen a rise in admissions to A&E in recent days as large numbers turn up with sunstroke and sunburn.
London Ambulance Service said it had seen about 30% more calls than normal during the heatwave.
By yesterday, the country had seen five consecutive days of 30C-plus temperatures, making it the first prolonged heat wave since 2006.
NBC10.com
A southwestern Pennsylvania county judge says a man can avoid a seven-day jail term for missing jury duty 11 times in the last two years - if they pay a $500 fine.
The (Somerset) Daily American said Somerset County Judge D. Gregory Geary issued the ruling Monday in the case of 32-year-old Owen Fazenbaker III, of Stoystown.
Fazenbaker was arrested for contempt of court for ignoring jury summonses while they were in the courthouse seeking relief from a child support ruling.
The judge told Fazenbaker they found it ``ironic'' that the man could find their way to court for that, but not for jury duty.
Fazenbaker promised to serve on future juries if the judge would not impose a $500 fine and 10 days in jail for each time he's missed jury duty.
Copyright Associated Press
Several American media outlets have reported in the last few days about the French government's new initiative aimed at resuscitating their print media. President Sarkozy—lately seen flitting to meet the Dalai Lama in Poland and floating to Gaza to barter a ceasefire, certainly the most hyperactive of Western leaders—has announced a vast increase in state support for print media. Included in this is a pilot program by which teenagers will be given a free yearlong subscription to the newspaper of their choice on their 18th birthdays. In our frigid print media climate, with The New York Times flailing and other papers doing far worse, Sarkozy's program seems like the kind of warm, fuzzy socialism that might help the industry weather the global recession. That's with the added benefit of forcing social and civic consciousness on unsuspecting youngsters, which you apparently can't get from online media. Or MyFaceSpace, I guess.
It's not a bad idea, though an even better one would be to give young French people free subscriptions to the newspaper of their choice and the newspaper at the other end of the political spectrum, say Le Monde on the left and Le Figaro on the right. Unlike their major American counterparts, these French papers have given up the faulty illusion of editorial objectivity. Often, one need only trawl a list of the companies that own or are invested in American newspapers to understand where their interests lie. No paper is entirely truthful: declaring an ideological position allows the reader to go in understanding the slant of the coverage, which makes searching for inevitable bias easier and encourages the reader to consult more than one news source. The Internet has the potential to encourage wider reading; French people turning 18 this year may barely remember a time before they started getting news online. A program for free subscriptions to multiple newspapers would be impractical, beyond the scope of Sarkozy's fuzzy socialism. But such an initiative would reflect in print the easy access to information online and in other media; it would be a powerful statement about Sarkozy's investment in the civic engagement of France's young citizens.
I'll pause so you can clear the image from your mind of youths pouring over Le Monde on the Boulevard Saint-Germain before mentioning that the Swiss may have one-upped monsieur le president. Well, they haven't yet, but listen: Mary Lou Fulton reported in the Online Journalism Review last week about a collaboration between the Swiss postal service and a German tech company that is developing a personalized newspaper:
You register online and select up to seven newspaper sections by checking a box…. You can change your selections daily as long as you do so before the nightly 7 pm cutoff[.]
The participating newspapers [including The Washington Post, the leftish Swiss Tages-Anzeiger and others] deliver their product in PDF format to the Swiss Post, which then sends them to Syntops where the company's custom software, Syntops GmbH, assembles individualized PDFs. The PDFs are printed and dropped off to Swiss Post by 7 a.m. for delivery to the home by 11 a.m. There also is a digital version of Personal News available online.
The eclecticism of the Internet is married to the familiarity of a newspaper and tailored to your interests. Fulton goes on to point out that, among other benefits, this has the potential to eliminate readers' complaints when a newspaper changes a comic, for example. For their personal newspaper, they can find Garfield elsewhere (but why?). This is a really appealing idea—I would prefer not to have to bellyache when, apparently sooner rather than later, The Washington Post eliminates its book review section. But change is one thing, elimination another: what if Michael Dirda, for my money the best book critic in the country, takes a buy-out from the Post and disappears from print? Could a personalized newspaper model employ Google-style reader-specific advertising, and help stop newspaper revenue from hemorrhaging? Fulton thinks so, and the possibilities are intriguing. Would Sarkozy be willing to let French 18-year-olds pick their own content?
You can check out the Swiss/German experiment here; according to a friend in Switzerland it's not well known, but it might catch on. In the spirit of the possibilities of a personalized newspaper, I thought I'd make my own. I'm keeping to the rule of seven sections:
1) Top stories from the International Herald Tribune A NYT operation with some of the same stories from that paper, I know, but a far wider variety of international news. Analogous to CNN International vs. CNN.
2) UK news from The Guardian. I currently live in the UK and this paper has second-to-none reporting and brilliant columnists including Polly Toynbee, Seumas Milne, and George Monbiot. I like being able to tell my coverage has left-wing tendencies, not so I'm being told what I want to hear, but so I can check elsewhere if I think the coverage gets too pink. If I were going to be really honest I'd also have UK news from Rupert Murdoch's The Times.
3) Local news from [insert Baltimore newspaper here] Charm City is home, but the Baltimore Sun has been severely debilitated in recent years, and The Examiner has not stepped up yet. This brings up a good question: could alternative newspapers, like the Baltimore City Paper, be included in a personal newspaper?
4) Local news from the Cumberland Times-News. My hometown newspaper, for better or worse. I can see the appeal a personalized newspaper would have for people, like me, who divide their time between multiple places.
5) Book World from The Washington Post. I'd also take the Post's political coverage, but let's face it: the Internet was made for political journalism.
6) Dining & Wine from The New York Times Still the food capital of the States, and you can't beat The Minimalist.
7) Culture Section from The Guardian. Repetitive, I know, but the paper has the best film critic (Peter Bradshaw) and the best theater critic (Michael Billington) of any UK daily.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed the bill in its third and final reading, despite criticism of censorship from the country's most popular websites.
The original proposal, which has been under review in the Duma since last week, implied that only “harmful information” would be censored.
However, that phrase was amended on Tuesday night, and the list of reasons for which the government will be allowed to shut down a site is now strictly defined.
The list includes web pages which advocate suicide, substance abuse, excessively risky behavior, and child pornography.
But critics believe the blacklist of not-for-children sites will restrict internet freedom.
The proposal aims to introduce a non-governmental internet watchdog, which would monitor the web for potentially harmful content and request hosting companies to restrict access to those pages. If hosting companies refuse, the page would then become blacklisted.
Screenshot from Russian Wikipedia site. The logo is blacked out and the text reads "imagine a world where knowledge isn't free" Screenshot from Russian Wikipedia site. The logo is blacked out and the text reads "imagine a world where knowledge isn't free"
Top Russian websites have joined Wikipedia in the fight against a bill which would restrict access to online information. Yandex, Vkontakte, and LiveJournal have spoken out against the draft law, which they claim will pave the way for internet censorship in Russia.
Search engine Yandex responded to the bill by crossing out the word “everything” out of its logo which usually reads “You can find everything.”
The company also provided a link to a statement which warned the legislation may stifle free speech, and questioned the bill's “rash” adoption.
“We think it's necessary to maintain the balance of public interests and also consider technological characteristics of the internet, that's why a review of the draft law must be postponed, with the legislation openly discussed,” said Yandex's chief editor, Elena Kolmanovskaya, in the statement.
The move comes a day after online encyclopedia Wikipedia declared a 24 hour blackout against the bill.
Visitors to the Russian Wikipedia site were unable to access it on July 10. Those who tried to saw a black censorship banner over the word Wikipedia, which read, “Imagine a world without free knowledge.”
A statement on the Wikipedia homepage read, “Lobbyists and activists supporting the amendments claim they are only aimed against content like child pornography and ‘similar things', but strict adherence to the wording of the bill proposed for consideration will result in the creation in Russia of a system similar to the ‘Great Firewall of China'.”
In January this year, English-language Wikipedia and other internet giants participated in a blackout, in order to protest SOPA and PIPA bills in the U.S. Congress and Senate. Critics claimed they would empower the government beyond reason, and would damage the internet as a result. Both bills have since been put on hold.
Oxycodone pain pills prescribed for a patient with chronic pain. On March 15, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) announced guidelines for doctors to reduce the amount of opioid painkillers prescribed.
Reports of suspected elder abuse in Massachusetts have surged over the past five years, according to state figures — a troubling increase that law enforcement and elder advocates say is fueled in part by the opioid crisis and addicted adult children exploiting parents and other relatives.
Since 2011, abuse reports have climbed 37 percent, with more than 1,000 additional cases reported each of the past five years to protective services offices. The Executive Office of Elder Affairs, the agency that tracks and investigates abuse, recorded nearly 25,000 cases last year, but the state's numbers do not delineate how many involved opioids.
As those drugs tighten their grip on Massachusetts, more adult children addicted to opioids are moving back in with their elderly parents, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said. Retired parents, with their monthly Social Security and pension checks, become easy targets for financial, physical, and emotional abuse.
Advertisement
As an example, Ryan said that in the past month, their office has handled about 10 cases involving grandchildren who allegedly stole money, jewelry, and silver from unsuspecting elders. Often, the items “were pawned by grandkids to buy drugs,” they said.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Ryan is advising police, firefighters, and emergency medical service crews responding to calls to look for unusual bruising on elders' wrists and forearms, often signs of a struggle. Checking the refrigerator may also yield clues about whether there is sufficient food in the house, they said. And a quick survey of other rooms may reveal dark secrets.
Ryan's office recently prosecuted a case that stemmed from an alert visiting nurse inquiring about holes in a bedroom ceiling. It turned out they were bullet holes. An older woman, bed-bound because of a leg injury, was subjected to terror — and plaster raining down on them — when their grown son would fly into rages and shoot a gun into the ceiling above them
Opioid addiction has cut a wide path through Massachusetts, often inflicting harm on the very young and old. Those on the front lines — doctors, judges, and drug counselors — have increasingly reported opioid-addicted parents so focused on their next score that they neglect or abuse the children in their care.
Elder abuse can take many forms, but is legally defined in Massachusetts as physical, emotional, sexual, or financial exploitation of residents age 60 and older. It also includes neglect by a caretaker for failing to provide essentials such as food, clothing, and shelter.
Advertisement
Specialists say the number of abuse reports is rising as the population ages and more elders, particularly those who are frail, remain at home instead of moving to a nursing facility.
The true extent of abuse in Massachusetts and nationwide is difficult to pinpoint, but a recent New England Journal of Medicine review estimated that 10 percent of the elder population has suffered abuse. Abusers are most likely to be adult children or spouses who struggle with substance abuse and mental or physical health problems, the review concluded.
Michael Woronka, chief executive of Action Ambulance Service in Wilmington, said emergency medical service workers typically have not been trained to hunt for signs of trouble in a household when responding to calls. Woronka, a 30-year veteran of the industry, operates ambulance services in a large swath of Eastern Massachusetts, including Essex, Middlesex, and Suffolk counties, and in Berkshire County in the western part of the state.
“This training [by Ryan] is causing us to pause now,' they said, “and forcing us to say we need to be open to the more social and psychological side of the situation.”
Concerned that the scope of elder abuse and neglect may be larger than reported — specialists say fear and shame often keep elders from speaking up — Ryan recently increased training sessions for EMTs, police, and firefighters to help them spot signs of trouble.
Advertisement
Too often, Ryan said, their office has found that emergency calls for injuries from seemingly routine trip-and-fall accidents turn out to be cases of elder abuse perpetrated by a family member.
“When you peel back what happened,” Ryan said, “the fall happened when they were punched, kicked, or pushed.”
Often elders feel trapped in such dangerous situations, said Betsey Crimmins, a senior attorney at Greater Boston Legal Services, who specializes in elder abuse cases. Crimmins said elders may be afraid to speak up for fear their son or daughter, who might take them to medical appointments, will be prosecuted, and the parent will end up in a nursing home.
Crimmins launched an elder abuse prevention task force in 2014. They and other specialists assumed elders would most urgently seek rescue from financial exploitation.
“When we asked the elders in the meeting [about what they needed help with], they all said opioids, and my eyebrows shot up,” Crimmins said. “They identified an issue no one in the room thought to touch.”
Over and over, they heard about adult children who were addicted to opioids moving back with their parents and dealing drugs out of the house.
Crimmins said several groups in Massachusetts, including local councils on aging and law enforcement, are working on creative approaches to address elder abuse. But they said the services are too fragmented and lack a central entry point to connect them.
Alice Bonner, secretary of the state's Executive Office of Elder Affairs, said their agency is working to address that issue.
The agency is “proactively taking steps to prevent and reduce elder abuse by partnering with protective service agencies and other partners in law enforcement, health care, elder services, financial services, and other sectors to protect vulnerable elders who are living in the community,” they said in a prepared statement.
The agency recently hired a new regional manager for its protective services program to upgrade and standardize training for workers, according to elder affairs officials. It also is working to reduce the length of time it takes to investigate suspected abuse cases, a source of chronic complaints, and to improve the hot line for the public to report abuse.
Kay Lazar can be reached at kay.lazar@globe.com
Glorious Godfrey is a DC Comics supervillain who is part of The Fourth World series of comic books in the early 1970s.
Publication history [ edit ]
Glorious Godfrey first appeared in Forever People #3 (June 1971) and was created by Jack Kirby.[1]
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
Godfrey has a sister named Amazing Grace who is also a member of Darkseid's Elite. The siblings have similar powers. Whereas Amazing Grace's specialty is manipulation, Godfrey's is persuasion.[1]
In their first appearance they confront the Forever People, who had stumbled upon a recruitment program for Earth-based warriors for Darkseid. They personally lead an attack of Justifiers that almost kills the young warrior Serafin. Despite the efforts of the Forever People's semi-sentient Super-Cycle, Godfrey's attack would have succeeded in killing Serafin; however, Highfather chose at that moment to recall all their people (and the cycle) home via teleportation.[2]
Godfrey remained a relatively unimportant character until 1986 (he had a total of three appearances over a decade and a half), when Legends (the first crossover since the Crisis on Infinite Earths) was published. In it, Darkseid attempts to deprive the world of its heroes, not only so that they would be ineffective against Darkseid, but also in the hopes that the people of Earth would more willingly surrender to theirs rule.
The first phase of the plan consists simply of creating immense amounts of collateral damage by sending creatures to Earth to fight the superheroes. The public begins to resent the heroes in their midst, and therefore Darkseid starts the second phase of their plan by sending the master manipulator Glorious Godfrey to Earth.
Assuming the identity of G. Gordon Godfrey (a reference to G. Gordon Liddy), they start a hate campaign against the superheroes that proves to be very effective, riling the public and ultimately leading to a presidential decision to outlaw any super-heroic activity. The final phase of the plan consists of the Apokoliptian warhounds, cybernetic creatures that are bonded to human hosts, for which Godfrey is able to find an ample number of 'volunteers' among their hypnotized public. They lead their charges to Washington D.C., only to be confronted by a cadre of assembled heroes.[1]
The heroes are able to defeat the Warhounds and separate them from their human hosts, with Godfrey jeopardising their image when they strike a little girl who had been standing between the heroes and Godfrey's group of adults. After their initial weak attempt to justify their attack fails, Godfrey makes one last ploy by putting on the helmet of Doctor Fate in the hopes of obtaining their awesome might. Instead, the helmet mindwipes Godfrey, leaving them nothing more than an empty shell.  They are sent to Belle Reve sanitarium, which they would later be broken out of by the Female Furies under the order of Darkseid.
Godfrey has subsequently made brief appearances among assemblages of all the Apokoliptian Gods.
Final Crisis [ edit ]
In Final Crisis #1, Reverend Godfrey Good appears on a TV news report, decrying the situation in Blüdhaven and the lack of government aid and assistance in dealing with the crisis in the ruined city.[3] In between Final Crisis #1 and #2, Good is captured and transformed into a host for the essence of Glorious Godfrey. Godfrey taunts Dan Turpin and Batman, as Batman is imprisoned and Turpin transformed into the final host body for Darkseid.
In Final Crisis #4, Godfrey is present when Darkseid takes control over Turpin's body. However, in Final Crisis #5, Darkseid responds to their minion's impending death (presumably due to the fact that Godfrey's host body was not modified to successfully contain Godfrey's dark essence) by watching them die in front of him.[4]
A one-shot revealed that Godfrey had been chosen by Darkseid to be the secretive, personal assistant to the Earth-based villain Libra. The man is given generic technology to support them throughout the years because Darkseid believed the man had potential for greatness. Godfrey's assistance turns out to be invaluable, as Libra is the key to Darkseid's defeat of Earth.[5]
The New 52 [ edit ]
In The New 52 (a 2011 reboot of the DC Comics universe), Glorious Godfrey makes their first appearance by giving greetings to Batman and Ra's al Ghul from Apokolips. They have a new look, sporting a beard and an all-black uniform with red gloves and belt.[6] Glorious Godfrey's reason for coming to Earth is to retrieve the Chaos Shard, a powerful crystal which once belonged to Darkseid which Ra's al Ghul revealed was hidden inside the sarcophagus they crafted for Damian. After detecting a trace signature of the shard coming from inside Damian's body, and despite the assistance of the Justice League, Glorious Godfrey escapes with the corpse back to Apokolips, with Batman vowing to get Damian Wayne's corpse back.[7]
Powers and abilities [ edit ]
Glorious Godfrey retains several attributes of a native of Apokolips, such as a limited level of superhuman strength, endurance and invulnerability. In addition, Godfrey has extended lifespan which allows them to exist indefinitely and they have an advanced immune system. However, Glorious Godfrey is a sub-par athlete and hand-to-hand combatant, whose greatest gifts are their overwhelming speaking voice and their extraordinary powers of persuasion. Whether these are natural gifts or have been augmented by the power of Darkseid has yet to be determined. Godfrey employs a private army called the Justifiers, composed of Earthmen who believe Godfrey's rhetoric and have had their perceptions completely contorted by Godfrey's words. The special helmets worn by the Justifiers allow Glorious Godfrey to control their soldiers even when they are not in their presence.
Inspiration [ edit ]
Jack Kirby biographer Mark Evanier states that Glorious Godfrey was based on evangelist Billy Graham.
"A lesser villain who toiled in the service of Darkseid was inspired more directly by evangelist Billy Graham, who was then rather difficult to avoid on TV. Kirby was appalled at some of Graham's apocalyptic sermons which — to Jack — were more calculated to instill fear than faith, and to stampede people into service of Graham's causes. Jack called the foe Glorious Godfrey, the name being a Kirbyesque pun. The comic book evangelist was "god-free" and also had some of the traits of TV pitchman Arthur Godfrey, though the main reference and the visual came from Billy Graham. Not evident in on the pages they drew was Jack's belief — which they expressed on several occasions — that Graham and the president they counseled were both virulent anti-Semites."[8]
In other media [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
G. Gordon Godfrey appears in the 2019 animated film Reign of the Supermen, voiced by Trevor Devall.
Glorious Godfrey at the Guide to the DC Universe
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
Is a Restoration Hardware store planned for 224 E. Chicago St. in the Historic Third Ward? An item on the Wednesday, September 23rd Architectural Review Board would tend to indicate so. A request for approval of a “loading dock enclosure” for “Restoration Hardware” was the only item before the board at its noon hearing. Designer Joel Agacki showed the members their plans to partially enclose a ramp / loading dock located in the rear of the building that now houses Rubin's furniture, and which is owned by a Rubin affiliate.
The building is surrounded on the east and the west by alleys, a rare configuration in Milwaukee. The area to be enclosed is a level portion of what would be the first floor of the dock-high building. A metal wall and overhead garage door would enclose the area, leaving an open ramp. None of this would be visible from the street.
The proposal met with unanimous approval from the committee. But Agacki said nothing about the connection to Restoration Hardware, which closed its Mayfair Mall location in 2012 after a dozen years in business.
Chris Rute, the Department of City Development employee who staffs the ARB did not provide any further information at the meeting, but they were mentioned in a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel article published earlier that day as having received a sign application for the store. The sign application was not part of the file Wednesday, nor were any renderings or plans shown. Reporter Tom Daykin, who wrote the Journal Sentinel story, appeared briefly at the meeting to confer with Rute. The ARB has jurisdiction over approval of signage in the Historic Third Ward, so the matter will appear at a future meeting. Chairman Ald. Bob Bauman did not appear to be aware of plans for a Restoration Hardware store at the meeting.
A trip to Rubin's, a 27,000 square foot retail furniture store located in the 1917 ferro-concrete warehouse building did nothing to dispel the mystery. A manager on duty simply said that the deal was not finalized. They would not elaborate on what was planned for the store, if Rubin's and Restoration Hardware would co-locate in the cavernous facility, or if Rubin's would leave. Instead, I was directed to Bob Rubin, the president of the firm who also operates a Rubin's store in Madison at 317 E. Wilson St. Rubin was not available, as they were observing Yom Kippur. A response from Restoration Hardware was also not received by deadline. We'll just have to see.
Update 9/24/2015
Bob Rubin contacted Urban Milwaukee and let us know that Rubin's Third Ward location is closing. The business has 60 days to close after which Restoration Hardware will occupy 27,000 square-feet on the first floor and the 8,000 square-feet on the second floor of 224 E. Chicago St.
Rubin's and Loading Dock
New Beats for JS Reporters
Veteran Journal Sentinel reporter Crocker Stephenson will move from their City Hall beat to covering public health issues, they said today in a chance encounter at the Milwaukee Public Market as we waited in line for a coffee. (He paid for mine.) Stephenson said they will be replaced at City Hall by Mary Spicuzza who has been covering the presidential campaign of Scott Walker. Stephenson calls Spicuzza, who came to the Journal Sentinel from Madison, an “excellent reporter.”
800 CEO READ Moves
The online book seller, publisher, agent 800-CEO-READ is a 33-year old entity that was formerly the computer and business division of Harry W. Schwartz booksellers. It is the only remaining portion of the 82-year old firm and had been located in the Phoenix Building, 219 N. Milwaukee St. for 18 years. It moved Monday, September 21st, to larger quarters at 544 S. 1st St. where it will be the neighbor and tenant of Independence First, a social service agency that focuses on granting access to people with disabilities.
Staff members are reminiscing about their days in the Historic Third Ward on the company blog. Another company press release says the firm's members look forward to their larger quarters in Walker's Point. Technically, however, properties on the east side of S.1st St. are classified by the city as being in the Harbor View neighborhood.
USS Milwaukee to be Commissioned Here
The USS Milwaukee will be commissioned in a public ceremony in Milwaukee on November 21st. The warship was built in Wisconsin, and according to the commissioning committee has a distinction unique among all the ships in the U. S. Navy: “The USS Milwaukee (LCS 5) is the only naval ship to date to be commissioned in their namesake city, in the state they were built, among the people that built her.” A limited number of free tickets are available for the commissioning ceremony, which will be held at 1 p.m. at Veteran's Park. You may order your tickets here. Ms. Sylvia Panetta has been chosen by the Secretary of the Navy to be the ship's sponsor. In addition to breaking the champagne bottle on the ship's bow and receiving communications from the crew, “She is the only person who will be officially associated with the ship throughout its life,” according to the committee.
A Business I've Never Heard of
Katrina White has registered a corporation called “Professional Body Sugaring, Inc.” and plans to operate it out of N88 W16624 Appleton Ave. #6 in Menomonee Falls. I believe I have encountered some amateur body sugaring in some old grainy videos (it had something to do with whipped cream), but I am afraid I was unprepared to find that the procedure has a professional counterpart.
As it turns out, body sugaring, or “Persian Sugaring” is a defoliation technique that extends back to antiquity to about 2000 BC. Just mix 8 parts sugar to 1 part lemon to 1 part water, spread over your skin, and peel off with strips of paper. The hairs come off, while the skin remains behind!
Rembrandt Owner Owes Sales Taxes
The State of Wisconsin filed a $17,291 sales tax lien in August on Dr. Alfred R. Bader, the nonagenarian former head of Aldrich Chemical Co. and art collector. The cause of the lien is unspecified. Since 1961 Bader has had a side business dealing fine arts.
“I am an inveterate collector,” Bader wrote in their autobiography. “It may be a sickness, and it began with stamps at eight, drawings at 10, paintings at 20, and rare chemicals at 30.”
Bader once frustrated an interviewer by directing them to purchase a copy of their $25 autobiography rather than answer their questions in an interview. But it is unlikely the book has sold enough copies to accrue a $17,291 tax liability. The tax liability represents sales (of something) of over $300,000.
Bader has donated hundreds of paintings to Queens College in Kingston, Ontario, including a couple of Rembrandts that would have looked just fine in Milwaukee.
A young girl's life was saved after by a group of young men after they reportedly attempted to jump into a turbulent river to complete a suicide challenge referred to “Blue Whale.” Individuals involved with yet-unsubstantiated “Blue Whale” suicides and the variants of the challenge are referred to by local media as “death groups.”
Local news outlets Kavkazsky Uzel reported the incident occurred Saturday in the Republic of Kabardino-Balkaria in the Russian Caucasus, and an apparent video of the incident was posted on YouTube Sunday. Having been viewed more than 40,000 times by Tuesday, its Russian caption reads, “Saving the girl during the execution of a dangerous task from the group of death in Nalchik.”
The footage shows the young girl in overalls descend a grassy river bank while the young men yell, “Stop. Stay right there. Wait,” RT reported Monday. The girl — who is a RT does not identify but reports is 15 — can be seen in the video ignoring their calls, at which point the clip skips and next seems to show them struggling in the river.
Read: Blue Whale Challenge: Authorities Warn Parents, Teens About App That Encourages Self-Harm, Suicide
The three men reportedly followed them into the water and “dragged them ashore,” according to RT, but the video does not depict it. The next frame shows the girl barefoot and ostensibly back in safety. RT reported that they told rescuers that they jumped into the river as part of the “Blue Whale” challenge:
“She later told their rescuers that they performed the stunt as part of the challenge from the ‘Blue Whale' social media game which has been linked to a string of teenage suicides in Russia. When asked if they were aware that their actions could have led to their death, the girl replied “yes” and laughed. They also explained in the video that they got involved with the ‘Blue Whale' game because “it's cool… It's adrenalin.”
They were reportedly examined by paramedics, and local police have launched an investigation into the event, RT reported.
While the “Blue Whale” challenge was widely covered, there's little evidence to suggest that any such trend is claiming the lives of teens in Russia or elsewhere. The game is presented as a series of challenges over a period of 50 days, which culminates with the final challenge of suicide. It's demographic is reportedly young teens, but at least one adult individual has been linked to the “Blue Whale” phenomenon.
Read: Young Teen Girls' Suicide Rate Has Recently Tripled, CDC Report Finds
As Bloomberg reported in April, 21-year-old Philipp Budeikin was arrested in November and currently being held prison in St. Petersburg on charges of inciting teenage girls to commit suicide. Budeikin was suspected of being among the first “curators” of the game. The apartments of other “death group” administrators were also searched. Budeikin, who reportedly has bipolar disorder and suffered abuse as a child, reportedly told local press that their victims were “biological waste.”
A report on the “Blue Whale” game by Bloomberg pointed to one example of a mother finding the game in the online activity of their 12-year-old daughter, who had committed suicide. However, as Bloomberg points out, correlation does not equal causation — though teens already struggling with suicidal ideation may actively seek out like-minded communities.
If you or anyone you know is contemplating suicide, contact the free and confidential National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
Blue Whale More
Photo: YouTube
Related Articles
RefCell s and code smells
Date: July 23, 2016
July 23, 2016 Subject: Digging deeper on smart pointers and mutability with Cell and RefCell .
Digging deeper on smart pointers and mutability with and . Audio
What are the Cell and RefCell types, and when should we use them?
Today, we follow up both the detailed discussion of smart pointers in e015 and the closely related discussion in Interview 2 with Raph Levien, and look at two types you need to have a good idea how to deal with if you want to use these smart pointer types more ergonomically---that is, how to use them without feeling like you're beating your head against a wall!
The descriptions of the code below are minimal; see the inline comments in the source for the actual informative discussion.
Note that in several cases below we use &[] to borrow a reference to a slice, rather than requiring this to pass a reference to a Vec specifically. Making the first argument be of type &Vec<RefCell<SimpleNonCopyable>> would also work, but would be more restrictive in what it could and couldn't accept. Since Vec implements Deref to automatically convert to slices, this works just fine, and is more general. This is how you should usually write function signatures which operate on reference to vectors (and likewise for other types which can dereference to slice). We'll talk about this more in a future episode!
(Thanks to the couple people donating who opted out of the reward tier, as well. You know who you are!)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States should invest more in missile defense given missile testing by North Korea and Iran, the chairperson of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee said on Monday.
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Representative Mac Thornberry (R-TX), chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee, addresses a news conference following a House Republican caucus meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, October 21, 2015. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
The comments by Republican Representative Mac Thornberry followed new U.S. sanctions against Iran after Tehran's recent ballistic missile tests. Washington is also concerned North Korea may be preparing to test a new ballistic missile.
Thornberry's position was a sign of support in Congress for military spending to counter North Korea after President Donald Trump during the 2016 election campaign raised doubts about future U.S. funding to defend allies like South Korea and Japan.
“If you look at what's happening around the world, I would mention Iran and North Korea, the importance of missile defense is increasing,” Thornberry said at a roundtable discussion with reporters.
They said there was a need both to provide more systems and to improve missile defense technology. “Actors around the world are building missiles that are harder to stop,” they added.
Jim Mattis, Trump's defense secretary, told South Korea last week that Washington and Seoul would stand “shoulder-to-shoulder” to face the threat from North Korea.
Both South Korea and the United States have recommitted to plans to deploy an $800 million advanced missile defense system in South Korea later this year.
More broadly, Thornberry also said they expected an end to strict limits on defense spending now that Republicans control both Congress and the White House.
The 2011 Budget Control Act imposed across-the-board cuts on government spending, and under former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, congressional Democrats were able to ward off Republican pushes to increase the defense budget without also raising spending on non-defense items such as education and medical research.
“I think we have a tremendous opportunity to do the right thing,” Thornberry said. “There's more of the federal budget being looked at, in play, if you will, than has been the case for many years.”
The Trump administration is expected within weeks to send Congress a request for a supplemental bill to increase defense spending this year.
“I HAVE always told you that I will either renegotiate or terminate NAFTA,” said President Donald Trump at a recent rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. They had been about to pull out of the North American Free-Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, they explained. But then they got a nice call from Justin Trudeau, Canada's prime minister, and another from the president (“good guy”) of Mexico asking them to negotiate: “and I am always willing to negotiate.” Even so, Mr Trump insisted, NAFTA has been very unfair to the United States, so they will renegotiate successfully—or pull out. The audience applauded, but rather hesitantly.
Of America's top ten farm states by cash receipts from production, six are in the Midwest, and Iowa ranks second, after only California. Farmers have benefited from NAFTA more than other industries, which is why they are now fighting hard against messing about with the treaty. In 1993 America exported corn, soyabeans and other farm products worth $8.9bn to Canada and Mexico; by 2015 farm exports were worth $39bn. Some 30% of all American farm trade is with Mexico and Canada. The top three commodities exported to Mexico are maize (corn), soyabeans and pork; Iowa is a major producer of all these.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
On the first day of marathon public hearings on the renegotiation of NAFTA on June 27th, held at the offices of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) in Washington, Kevin Skunes, a leader of the National Corn Growers Association, said that exports account for fully one-third of corn farmers' income. American corn exports to Canada and Mexico have increased more than sevenfold since 1994. Last year they supported 25,000 jobs and provided income for 300,000 farmers.
NAFTA has also created surprisingly integrated supply chains. Consider pork, writes Cullen Hendrix of the University of Denver in a paper for the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a think-tank. In 2014 America imported 3.9m eight-to-12-week-old piglets which had been born and weaned on Canadian farms. These were fattened up on farms in Iowa, Minnesota or Illinois until they were ready for slaughter and processing. Many of the resulting pork cutlets were then exported back into Canada. The beef industry is similarly integrated: around 300,000 head of cattle a year pass from one country to another. Most are weaned calves from Chihuahua state in north-western Mexico. These graze on slightly lusher pastures in Texas, New Mexico and Arizona until they too are slaughtered for domestic consumption or export. American beef exports to Mexico reached almost $1bn last year.
Agriculture accounts for a relatively small part of the GDP of NAFTA members, but it will be one of the thorniest topics in the renegotiation talks due to start in August. Farmers are feeling vulnerable anyway, so uncertainty over trade is the last thing they need, explains Charles Baron of the Farmers Business Network, a digital platform for farmers. Global grain supplies are outstripping demand, the Chinese economy is slowing and demand for corn-based ethanol is stagnating. Net farm income fell from $120bn in 2013 to an estimated $62bn this year.
Farmers did not ask for a renegotiation, says David Salmonsen of the American Farm Bureau Federation, America's largest farm lobby. But they would like it to be updated and tweaked. Easier access to the Canadian dairy and poultry market, which is protected by high tariffs and quotas on production, would be welcome. (Extra access was negotiated as part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a deal Mr Trump ditched.) Some also object to the clout of the independent NAFTA panel that rules on anti-dumping duties, which a government imposes when it thinks its trading partner is competing unfairly. The panel has ruled, for example, that American duties on softwood lumber from Canada are illegal.
After Robert Lighthizer, the USTR, notified Congress on May 18th about the renegotiation of NAFTA, their agency received more than 12,000 comments from the public in a month, which crashed the server. Mr Lighthizer is now working on recommendations for the talks, which they will send to Congress on July 16th. Emotions ran high at the public hearings. Farmers noted that Mexican imports of American soyabean meal dropped by 15%, and imports of chicken by 11%, in the first four months of the year. Mexican stomachs count for more than Trumpian bluster.
Photo by Library Company of Philadelphia
There's a whole new world of data emerging, along with cheap and easy tools for processing it. Unfortunately a lot of snake-oil salespersons have spotted this too, and are now eagerly mis-using 'big data' in their pitches. I was reminded of this when I read the recent Wall Street Journal article on health insurance companies looking at social network data. There's been detailed demographic and purchase data available for every household in the US for decades, so why haven't they used that existing data if the approach is as effective as the many hopeful consultants claim?
It's because data is powerful but fickle. A lot of theoretically promising approaches don't work because there are so many barriers between spotting a possible relationship and turning it into something useful and actionable. Russell Jurney's post on Agile Data should give you a flavor of how long and hard path from raw data to product usually is. Here are some of the hurdles you'll have to jump:
Acquisition. Few data sets are freely available, and even if you can afford the price, the licensing terms are likely to be restrictive. Even if you have that sorted, you're at the mercy of the providers unless you're gathering it yourself. If they see you making money, in the best case they'll ramp up their price, and in the worst case they'll cut you off either for reputational reasons or so they can offer a similar service themselves. Can you imagine the outcry if insurance companies penalize donors to cancer charities, as the article postulates? Nobody will want to provide data with that sort of reputational risk looming.
Coverage. No matter how good your analysis results are, if you only have source data on 10% of the targets the product will be useless.
Over-determination. Age, income and industry probably do a pretty effective job of predicting your chances of becoming overweight. Is going to the trouble of spotting that somebody's buying exercise equipment really going to improve your prediction enough to justify the expense of testing, implementing and tuning the process?
Poor correlations. The data may just not carry the answers you need. This is more common than you'd think, many relationships that seem like they should be rock-solid don't pan out when you test them against reality.
Noise. A lot of information gets lost in the noise of real-world data sets. I think of this as the Megan Fox problem; so many Facebook users were fans of them that they appeared in almost every region's top 10 list and I had to run normalizing steps to remove their malign influence on my results. That of course degraded the overall fidelity of the conclusions.
So what's the solution? As Russell says, you need a whole new approach to prototyping, focused on building something that works with actual data and lets you interactively explore what works in reality, versus the relationships you hope are there from thought experiments. At least the Aviva study in the article did try out their techniques on 60,000 records, though the report left me with lots of unanswered questions.
Next time somebody's trying to sell you on the awesomeness of their new data technique, ask to see a prototype. If they haven't got that far, it's snake oil.
The religious conversion of some 200 people in Uttar Pradesh raised sharp protests in Parliament on Wednesday with the opposition demanding the BJP-led government's explanation.In both houses, opposition MPs attacked the BJP over the conversions organized in Agra on Monday reportedly by groups linked to the ruling party's ideological mentor RSS or Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). The activists have announced another similar event in Aligarh on December 25."The House and the country need reassurance that the Constitution will not be violated. It is a diabolical plan by the BJP," said Congress leader Anand Sharma in the Rajya Sabha."The Prime Minister must clarify," said Left leader Sitaram Yechury.An FIR or police complaint has been filed on the complaint of a villager who has alleged that 57 Muslim families chosen from a rag-pickers' colony in the Taj Mahal town were given inducements to convert."We were told we will get ration card, Aadhar card, the police will not bother us. We are poor so what do we do?" one of the converts had claimed on Tuesday.Cases of cheating and promoting enmity have been filed by police officers who visited the families late last night. "Arrest is the next step. We will not allow forced conversions," said Ram Gopal Yadav of the Samajwadi Party, which rules Uttar Pradesh.The ceremony, described as "homecoming" by activists of the Bajrang Dal and Dharam Jagran Samanvay Vibhag who allegedly presided over it, saw chanting by priests while the converts, wearing skull caps, made offerings at a ritual fire or havan.The organisers claim that the families were originally Hindu and converted to Islam around 30 years ago."Come to Aligarh on 25th, both Christians and Muslims will be converted under Adityanath's blessings," said Rajeshwar Singh, an activist, referring to the BJP MP from Gorakhpur. The conversions are expected to be taken up during a debate on "rising communal incidents in India" in the Rajya Sabha next Wednesday.
Google's crackdown on malicious ‘adware' within Android apps last September had an immediate impact on the number of people encountering this category of mobile Malware, according to security firm Lookout.
Google has published its latest figures for “encounter rates” with various categories of mobile Malware in 2013; they have noticed sharp growth in Adware rates between the second and third quarters of the year, but then a decline in many countries in the final quarter.
Google has updated its Play Store terms and condition In September 2013 According to Google's updated Play Store terms and conditions around 36,000 apps contained Ad network which broke the rule, as explained by LookOut in a Blog Post.
Image Credits: Emailtray.com
LookOut Further Explains that “Through Q3 2013 Adware began to fall. By late 2013 the biggest offenders, Lead Bolt, and RevMob updated their advertising SDKs to be compliant with the new guidelines providing a much less intrusive experience to users.”
The LookOut report further warns that the Adware is still frequently encountered by mobile users, with SDKs bundled into apps that steal personal data and insert “occasionally disruptive, often offensives adverts” into the user experience. It also states that the Adware encounters mostly in Smartphone users.
LookOut claims that “In this world where our personal phones are used in the corporate workplace, gaining unprecedented access to valuable information, it is even more important than ever before that we police advertising networks, Ensuring that they, and the apps that carry them, are built from the ground up with privacy and security in mind is the only way we will prevent criminals from adapting to this latest opportunity.”
Lookout's new report also notes that there is a rise of another mobile Malware category, “chargeware”. These “Chargeware” Apps refers to apps – which often focused on pornographic content – that are deliberately unclear about how they charge users, and how those people can unsubscribe.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The IOC says it wants to protect the Olympic Movement in Kuwait from undue government interference
Kuwait has filed a lawsuit in a Swiss court seeking $1bn (£670m) in damages from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) over the suspension of its Olympic committee.
The IOC and world football governing body Fifa suspended Kuwait in October citing domestic laws that permit government interference in sports.
But Kuwait says the IOC ban was imposed without proper investigation.
It says it may not be allowed to take part in the Rio Olympics in August.
"It's totally unacceptable that Kuwait is treated in this unfair way and barred from international sports activities without any appropriate probe being conducted," Information Minister Sheikh Salman al-Humoud Al-Sabah was quoted by the official Kuna news agency as saying on Wednesday.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kuwait competed successfully at trap shooting events in the London Olympics
"From the very beginning Kuwait did it It's utmost to prevent the IOC suspension and showed a sincere desire to co-operate, but all to no avail.
"We sent a UN-sponsored delegation to Geneva to explain to the sports body that the Kuwaiti government by no means intervenes in sports activities."
The minister complained that Kuwait had been left in "an embarrassing position" in sports circles where it was viewed as an "outlaw".
Sheikh Salman added that they hoped recent parliamentary amendments to the country's sports laws would create "a common vision" .
But critics say the changes are more likely to prolong the IOC and Fifa bans because the government still has the power to dissolve sports clubs and federations, as well as Kuwait's Olympic Committee.
Sixteen other international sporting federations have blacklisted Kuwait in addition to the IOC and Fifa, correspondents say.
The lights in the theater below Madison Square Garden were turned a cool blue as Serena Williams, Caroline Wozniacki, Gael Monfils and Stan Wawrinka walked out from behind a curtain for a press conference. It was March 8, World Tennis Day, and they were in the Big Apple to hit, giggle and entertain a crowd of 16,000. This being New York City, though, home of the nation's most ravenous media beast, they had to answer a few questions before they were allowed to play.
Cameras clicked and reporters pressed forward while the emcee recited each player's credentials. Wozniacki was described as a two-time No. 1. Williams was called the greatest female athlete in history. Monfils, it was agreed, was the most electrifying player in the game. When Wawrinka's turn came, they were duly credited with their two major titles, but the emcee had to stop and ask what else they had done.
“You won an Olympic gold medal, right?”
Wawrinka smiled wryly and nodded their head. Yes, as a matter of fact, they had.
With introductions out of the way, the questions began. The majority were directed at Williams and Wozniacki, with a stray query or two for a sleepy-looking Monfils. As the minutes ticked by, and no one seemed to notice him, Wawrinka's smile grew wider and wryer: They had become the invisible Grand Slam champion in the room. Just when it looked as if they might leave without opening their mouth, Wawrinka was asked how it felt to be in the Garden for the first time.
They leaned forward and grinned.
“Finally, a question, thank you so much!”
Wawrinka said these words in jest, rather than resentment. This 31-year-old farmer's son from Switzerland is used to playing tennis' odd man out. In many ways, it has defined their career. Being cast in that role is part of what kept them from fulfilling their vast potential during their 20s, and it's what has driven him, over the last three years, to make good on that same promise. Even now, despite being a virtual lock for the International Tennis Hall of Fame, Wawrinka doesn't fit easily into the narrative of their time.
When Wawrinka was young, they were the second fiddle of Swiss tennis, a big-time talent overshadowed by the all-time talent of their countryman Roger Federer. Now that Wawrinka has emerged from those shadows, they have gone from second fiddle to fifth wheel. Whatever they accomplish, this period in men's tennis will be remembered as the era of the Big Four: Federer, Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray. It's a circle that has been closed for nearly a decade.
Wawrinka, who didn't reach their career-high ranking of No. 3 until they were 29, came along a little too late to join the in-crowd. Even the nicknames that they have picked up since their rise began—Stan the Man, the Stanimal—are more playful than reverent. Maybe, in a nation as small as Switzerland, there's room for only one tennis immortal. And maybe that's why Wawrinka still, after all their success, has trouble seeing themselves as a member of the game's elite. This is, after all, a player who went 3–40 against Djokovic, Federer and Nadal through the 2013 season, and who had difficulty even winning sets against any of them.
“It's quite strange when I tell myself that I have a gold medal, Davis Cup and I have two Grand Slams,” Wawrinka admitted last year. “Something quite amazing. Never expect to be that far in my career. Never expect to be that strong.
“I'm not as good as they are—I mean the Big Four ... I can beat them in major tournaments, in a semifinal, in a final. But once again, the Big Four will always be the Big Four.”
While Wawrinka marvels at the uncanny consistency of those tennis demi-gods, they know that, like most humans, he's still prone to great days and awful ones. There has always been, and probably always will be, a Good Stan and a Bad Stan. “Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.” The fact that Wawrinka enshrined this fatalistic phrase of Samuel Beckett's in a tattoo on their left forearm tells us something about their mind-set: They know that, for him, failure is the only road to success.
It's hardly a surprise that, according to Wawrinka, the match that made them believe that they could beat the world's best wasn't a victory, but a defeat, to Djokovic in a classic fourth-rounder at the Australian Open in 2013.
“I had the click inside me that said, ‘OK, I might one day beat them in a Grand Slam,'” Wawrinka told The Telegraph.
Yet when Wawrinka did beat Djokovic in a Slam final, last spring in Paris, it still came as a surprise. A dozen years earlier, they had won the boys' title at the French Open, but that victory hadn't convinced them that they could repeat the performance as an adult.
“My dream was to play Roland Garros, not to win it, not to reach the finals,” Wawrinka said. “To me, the players that did that were mutants.”
Two days later, in the Roland Garros final, Wawrinka put on the closest thing to a superhuman performance that the sport would see in 2015. They would rifle—actually, the ball sounded like a cannon-shot coming off of their strings—60 winners and hand Djokovic their only loss at a Grand Slam tournament that season. It was one of those matches where Wawrinka, detonating their exquisitely lethal one-handed backhand from all areas of the court, makes the tennis world's collective jaw drop, and inspires their fellow players to take to Twitter to vent their jealousy.
“Wow, just wow, I wanna play like that!” Serena Williams tweeted during Stan's barrage.
“Holy Swiss cow!” chimed in Ivan Ljubicic, possessor of a pretty fair one-hander himself.
They went on: “That was something. #bullets”
Rather than react to their earth-shaking win with a newfound sense of entitlement, Wawrinka kept their old self-deprecating sense of humor intact.
During press conferences, stars like Federer and Nadal are careful to wear baseball caps emblazoned with their personal logos. After the French Open final, Wawrinka came up with their own, cheeky take on the branding concept. They brought along the now-legendary, widely derided harlequin-style shorts that they had worn during the tournament and draped them over the dais in front of him. These were the same shorts that the Roland Garros website said looked like “pajamas [he had found] tucked away in their father's wardrobe.”
“I enjoy it, the shorts,” Wawrinka said with a smile. “Apparently I'm the only one...It's quite funny that [they] won the French Open.”
At season's end, Wawrinka would remind Djokovic, a friend and frequent practice partner, of that fact by presenting them with a key chain featuring a tiny version of their most famous fashion statement.
“I see those shorts in my nightmares,” Djokovic said with a laugh this spring.
“There remains something engagingly spontaneous about their recent success,” tennis journalist Simon Briggs wrote last summer of Wawrinka. Wawrinka's manager, Lawrence Frankopan, calls them “the people's champion, someone very approachable; people maybe see themselves in him.”
Wawrinka's down-to-earth personality came naturally; they grew up, with an older brother and two younger sisters, on their parents' organic farm outside Lausanne. A family friend, Dimitri Zavialoff, discovered Stan's talent and began coaching them when they were 8. By 15, they had quit school to pursue tennis full time; by 17, in 2002, they had turned pro.
Their tour debut was quickly followed by Federer's ascension to No. 1. Having a countryman in that position was a double-edged sword for Wawrinka. On the one hand, Federer served as an example of what was possible for this shy young man from the sticks of Switzerland, a nation that had never produced a male player remotely close to Federer's caliber.
“I always worked hard, but the fact that they have been ahead of me during my whole career helped me a lot,” Wawrinka told the sports journal VAVEL in February. “I'm timid and people did not speak too much about my career, because they were ahead. Being behind the back of the best player ever and being their friend makes you learn.”
On the other hand, friends or not, Federer beat Wawrinka in 13 of their first 14 meetings. How could Wawrinka not have an Oedipal complex—or, in this case, a Fedipal complex? How could they take their place on the world stage if they couldn't command their tiny home country's attention?
While Wawrinka now sees the upside of being protected by Federer's fame, they didn't always appear to relish their supporting role. At many press conferences, they could only shake their head and laugh as they were asked, yet again, to shed some previously unseen light on their illustrious friend's life. After reaching the French Open final last year, the first thing a reporter said to Wawrinka was, “You have a chance to equalize Roger Federer in the number of Roland Garros titles.”
“Great, for the first question, to put Roger in it,” Wawrinka replied sarcastically.
As Wawrinka's stature grew, so did the possibility of a first Davis Cup title for Switzerland. Wawrinka was fully committed to the cause, but they came to be exasperated by Federer's comparatively cavalier attitude toward the team competition. “I really don't understand them at all,” Wawrinka said, after learning that Federer would skip Switzerland's first-round tie against the Czech Republic in 2013.
By the weekend's end, Wawrinka was in tears after playing for 13 hours—including a seven-hour double match—only to see their team come up short. The pill was only made more bitter when the Czechs went on to win the Cup.
In the fall of 2014, tensions between Federer and Wawrinka exploded in plain sight, and in the strangest way imaginable, at the ATP World Tour Finals. During their semifinal, Federer's wife, Mirka, could be heard calling Wawrinka a “crybaby” from the stands. Rattled, Wawrinka would squander four match points and lose. When Federer withdrew from the final the next day, rumors flew about a heated post-match contretemps between the two men in the arena. By the following Sunday, though, all was forgiven and forgotten, as Federer and Wawrinka teamed up to bury the Davis Cup hatchet and beat the French for Switzerland's first title.
While Wawrinka is hardly the game's most flamboyant player, drama has had a way of finding him. Two months before their professional life reached a peak in Paris, their personal life had hit a low. Wawrinka announced that they and their wife, Ilham, were separating, and they issued a lacerating statement about them in return. Wawrinka was linked to teenage Croatian pro Donna Vekic, a link that was made very public, in a very ugly way, that August in Montreal.
During their match, Nick Kyrgios coarsely informed Wawrinka that fellow player Thanasi Kokkinakis had slept with Vekic. After retiring with an injury, an angry Wawrinka tweeted, “So disappointing to see a fellow athlete and colleague be so disrespectful in a way I could never even imagine.”
Kyrgios was fined by the ATP and pilloried in the press, while Wawrinka was gratified to see their fellow players rally around him. At year's end, the two ended up playing on the same team in the IPTL exhibition league in Asia. While they never had a clear-the-air conversation, the experience was, according to Wawrinka, a lesson in pragmatic coexistence.
“You're doing your job and that's it,” Wawrinka told Sport 360. “Nick is a tennis player, I'm a tennis player, we're going to be around for a while, every tournament or whatever...The thing is, I don't forget [what they did] for sure.”
“He's a very interesting player to watch, because you never know what to expect. This week we saw the greatness of Stan, but next week it could be something else.”
This was how Wawrinka's coach, Magnus Norman, described them after their win over Djokovic. If that seems honest to a fault, it's hard to blame Norman. They also know what Stan was like when they started working together in 2013.
Norman deservedly receives a major share of the credit for Wawrinka's late-career surge. Before their union, Wawrinka had played in 36 majors and failed to reach one semifinal. Since then, they have won two, become a consistent contender at every event and cracked the Top 5 for the first time.
“Everybody told me when I started working with Stan that they were a little bit soft,” Norman said at Roland Garros. “In the two years that we have been together, they have been rock solid in all the big matches.”
The self-effacing Norman, who also turned Robin Soderling's career around, is called “the tennis whisperer” by colleagues. They have helped Wawrinka rein in their powerful but unruly game by using more spin, aiming farther inside the lines and, when the match is tight, waiting to pull the trigger. According to Wawrinka, a pep talk from Norman helped ease their nerves before the Roland Garros final.
“I started to be really nervous,” Wawrinka said, “and I started to tell myself, ‘What the f--- is happening?' [We] had a good talk. Magnus is always confident in me.”
What is happening with Wawrinka? Their late breakthrough is virtually unprecedented. Rather than let themselves be a victim of their star-studded era, they have learned over the years to make the best of it, to take their chances when they come. These days, once Stan gets deep in a draw, their confidence tends to grow. “A few times I told myself, ‘Maybe that's it, maybe my best ranking is 2008, No. 9 in the world, and I'm born to be Top 20 for 10 years,'” Wawrinka told The Telegraph. “But Magnus helped me a lot.”
Wawrinka makes a point of practicing with the Big Four. They learn from them, but they no longer tries to match their perfection. “I don't try to put myself as their rival,” they say.
Instead, Wawrinka uses their imperfection to their advantage. With their game, they know they can beat them on the right day, on their own terms. They know now that, just because he's failed once, twice, even 10 times, it doesn't mean he'll fail every time. It's just a matter of, as Beckett put it, ever trying.
In May, Wawrinka will return to Paris to try to successfully defend a Grand Slam title for the first time. Even if they don't succeed, he's done more than they could reasonably have
expected. And they have, at least in one small way, joined their fellow Swiss in tennis immortality.
“It will be in the Roland Garros museum,” Wawrinka says of their title-winning attire. “You will see my shorts forever.”
Originally published in the May/June issue of TENNIS Magazine.
An orchestrated clearing out of books at the Berkeley Central Library, ordered by the library's director, Jeff Scott, has sounded alarm-bells for some current and former librarians, as well as community members. Their concerns, which they have shared with the city's mayor as well as the Board of Library Trustees, center on who is doing the weeding of books — what is technically referred to as “deaccession” — the number of discarded volumes, as well as their fate.
Scott said the weeding — a standard library practice — is overdue, as it had been done irregularly prior to their arrival in late 2014, and that, once it's completed, the library will actually see a net gain in books as new ones are brought in. They said the total will rise from 452,000 to 470,000. Full capacity for the main branch is half a million books, they said.
Read more about Berkeley's libraries on Berkeleyside.
The method used to weed books is a process called CREW (Continuous Review Evaluation Weeding), Scott said, which begins by extracting and evaluating books from shelves that have not been checked out from the library for three years or more (10+ years in the case of art and music books).
The public outcry that has erupted over the past few weeks over what some are describing as a “hemorrhaging” of books prompted Scott to issue a statement about the weeding process Monday in which they explained the CREW process. Each book is assessed to see whether it is in dilapidated physical condition, contains outdated or inaccurate information, or does not fit into the scope of the library's collection, they said. (Read Scott's full explanation of the process.)
The deaccession plan was originally brought to City Council in January and approved by the Board of Library Trustees (BOLT) in May.
However detractors claim treasured books are being tossed out, “decimating” a collection that should be filled with a great diversity of tomes, not just those that are most popular.
“A great deluge of books is being weeded out,” said Pat Mullan, who worked for BPL for 25 years, including as head librarian of the Art & Music Room. Mullan said it was their understanding that the books that were being discarded were being deleted from the library's catalog, and that the majority of them were being shredded. Them the biggest concern, however — one that is shared with many of the library's current staffers — is that librarian specialists are no longer those assessing books for weeding. In the past, as many as 25 librarians weighed in on which books should be deaccessioned. Now the task has been centralized and is handled by two library managers with the help of four staffers.
“Maintaining and weeding a collection is an essential part of the librarian's job,” Mullan said Tuesday. “A librarian has years of experience building a collection.” Taking weeding away from the specialists, they said, “robs individual librarians from their professional role, and robs the community from the access they deserve.”
One library fan said they were horrified to hear about what sounded like a “misguided book purge.” “I didn't give to the Berkeley Public Library Foundation capital campaign with this in mind,” they wrote in an email thread about the issue.
Scott said they decided to centralize the weeding process after consulting with staff to formulate a new strategic plan for the library after their arrival in the director's job in Nov. 2014.
“Many of them told me that they didn't have enough time to perform all their different roles,” they said, citing as examples programming, reaching out to schools, open hours, and reference desk duties. To ease librarians' workloads, the selection work previously handled by 25 librarians was handed to two senior librarians, Rachel MacNeilly and Rosie Merlin, working with four staffers, they said.
Scott said they have been making their decisions based on feedback from librarians, as well as other factors such as publishing trends. They said all the books are assessed by a professional. Scott said those that are selected to be purged are offered to the Friends of the Berkeley Public Library first, then, if they are not wanted there, to Better World Books, a nonprofit that distributes books to the developing world. The final option is a book recycler, they said.
So far, the library has reviewed and weeded books from the natural sciences, the applied sciences, the social sciences, and the arts, music and entertainment sections, according to Scott.
Putting the library collection under such scrutiny inevitably brings to light other issues. Scott said an estimated 25% of the books pulled for assessment will likely turn out to be missing. Many of those will have been checked out and never returned.
“This is a result of not consistently weeding at Central Library,” they said. “The big problem with that is that it might appear we are weeding good books, when in reality those books are no longer there (either from theft or not being returned). The new system I have set up at the library will ensure that books that go missing will be replaced more quickly. Furthermore, we are going to keep more careful lists of items that we are deaccessioning. Berkeley Public Library has never retained a list.”
Scott estimates the library will only keep around 5-10% of the books that have not been checked out in the past three years.
A delegation that included Mullan and other retired librarians met with Scott last week. They also raised their concerns at the July 1 BOLT meeting, which attracted many current and former librarians.
Current librarians made their opposition to the new process clear several weeks ago, when eleven of them signed a May 28 letter addressed to BOLT, requesting that the new development collection policy be postponed. “We believe the decision to change the way collection development has been done here for decades is one of the most consequential decisions any library board member has ever been asked to approve,” they wrote. (Read the letter in full on page 11 of the July 1 BOLT agenda package.)
The Berkeley outcry comes in the wake of a well-publicized flare-up over to deaccession of books by Alameda County Libraries that erupted last fall. Critics accused the library, whose branches include Albany, of discarding tens of thousands of good books. Library leaders said about 172,000 books were removed to make way for $3 million worth of new books, roughly the same number of volumes. They said they were guided by the “Living Library” philosophy whose goal is to maintain “a careful balance of new and classic titles, coupled with thoughtful refreshment of outdated materials.”
Critics of the Berkeley weeding process plan to rally on the steps of the Central Library at 2090 Kittredge St. on Tuesday, July 14, at noon. They are also encouraging people to check out the maximum of 50 items allowed from the library in a mass protest action. Scott has agreed to make a presentation clarifying the deaccession process at the next meeting of the Board of Library Trustees on Sept. 9.
Related:
After outcry, library votes to change South Branch name (05.08.15)
Berkeley's West Branch first net-zero library in state (02.19.15)
Op-ed: The Berkeley Public Library — shelter from the storm (12.12.14)
Follow Berkeleyside on Twitter and on Facebook where we often break news. Email us at tips@berkeleyside.com. Would you like the latest Berkeley news sent to your email inbox once a day? Click here to subscribe to Berkeleyside's free Daily Briefing.
KKR's latest deal suggests a view that economic strength in Australia and New Zealand is stronger than many outsiders recognise. Credit:Paul Rovere "More money going on servicing a mortgage means there is less to spend elsewhere, dragging on economic growth," said Paul Dales, chief Australian economist at Capital Economics. "It won't take many rate rises for indicators to start flashing amber and red for more-indebted households." As the average price of a Sydney home sailed past $1 million, housing affordability fell victim to the hyper-partisanship that has gripped Canberra over the past decade and paralysed policy making. During last year's election campaign, when the opposition Labor party proposed changes to limit negative gearing to newly-built houses and reduce the capital gains tax discount, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull retaliated by ruling out any changes and launched an assault claiming Labor's move would "take a sledgehammer" to the property market and "punish" mum and dad investors. Melbourne has been named the most liveable city in the world. Credit:Michael Dodge A package of measures in the May budget aimed at improving housing affordability only tinkered at the edges -- targeting overseas investors who leave properties vacant and offering tax breaks for people saving for a deposit on their first home. State governments have also done little to address the issue, relying on policies such as stamp duty discounts or grants to first-home buyers that just act to push prices up even further.
Politicians, meantime, have offered only superficial solutions. Former Treasurer Joe Hockey said buyers struggling to get into the market should simply "get a good job that pays good money." Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce said people priced out of Sydney should have the "gumption'' to move to rural areas like Charleville in outback Queensland -- where houses are about one-sixth the price of Sydney, but youth unemployment in the region is the highest in the nation. New housing projects are geared towards smaller properties that are more appelaing to investors rather than families. Credit:Peter Rae It's down to a collective failure of government policy that will take at least two decades to fix. Brendan Coates, a housing policy expert at the Grattan Institute "What politicians have offered so far are band-aid solutions that might be popular in the short-term but will be ineffective in the long-run" said Judith Yates, who has advised the government on housing policy and is an honorary associate professor at the University of Sydney. "There hasn't been a serious attempt to tackle the fundamental causes of declining affordability." In contrast, other global cities - have taken more draconian measures to rein in home prices. Singapore has rolled out a series of measures from banning interest-only loans to pushing up stamp duty, triggering a three-year slide in prices.
In Canada, prices have slumped in Toronto after the provincial government announced a slew of measures, including a 15 per cent tax on foreign buyers and the introduction of rent controls. Adding to demand pressures, Australia's migration program has helped swell the population by almost 4 million since 2006, with most settling in the major cities. Supply has been unable to keep up, with dwelling completions running below underlying demand for more than a decade. Much of the new housing is small apartments aimed at investors, rather than families. There is also a social cost to sky-high house prices. Workers such as teachers, nurses and other low-to-middle income earners can't afford to live in the communities they serve, while young people who stay at home longer while saving a deposit might delay marriage and childbirth. "It's a very different atmosphere in Australia,'' said Professor Richard Ronald of the University of Amsterdam's Centre for Urban Studies. Loading
"I haven't come across this kind of resistance elsewhere to the understanding of 'Generation Rent' as a fundamental shift in history." Bloomberg
Bryan Cranston has refused to rule out ever starring in a Breaking Bad movie, despite the show's seemingly finite conclusion.
Ursula Coyote AMC
In last year's climactic finale 'Felina', Walter White (Cranston) appeared to die after a violent shootout with the neo-Nazis who had stolen their drug earnings.
Cranston was in the midst of an interview on CNN today (May 29), when they were quizzed by host Ashleigh Banfield about Walter White's ultimate fate.
"You never saw a bag zip up or anything," they initially teased.
Banfield then pressed Cranston by directly asking them if Walter White is in fact "dead".
"I don't know," they answered, before saying about a possible Breaking Bad movie: "Never say never."
Cranston has previously said that they would love to guest star in the upcoming Breaking Bad spinoff series Better Call Saul.
They credited the critically-acclaimed drama with exploring the "whole spectrum of the human experience" in its five seasons.
Believe us, Miami Heat fans: We know it hurts. We feel your pain. It's totally understandable if you feel a little empty inside this week. It's not every offseason that a legend is unexpectedly plucked from your hometown team and replaced by ex-New Orleans Hornets star forward Luke Babbitt.
Not cool, Miami Heat. Luke Babbitt looks nothing like Dwyane Wade. We noticed.
But this is our reality now, love it or shove it. Wade used to have a commercial touting them as a tough guy who falls down seven times and stands up eight. So what will make Heat fans stand up next season? What will it take to make us feel better?
Continue Reading
Here are a few story lines that should cheer fans up on the way to the American Airlines Arena.
MOOD: Welcome back fellas #HeatNation #Underdogs @pushat305 @hassanwhiteside A photo posted by Justise Winslow (@iamjustise) on Jul 10, 2016 at 4:16pm PDT
1. The youth revolution will be televised.
Somehow, here we are. The Miami Heat — a team that as recently as 12 months ago had a reputation as a franchise that put little stock into the NBA Draft — has formulated a nice little core of talented players that are years away from their prime. Tyler Johnson, Hassan Whiteside, Josh Richardson, and Justise Winslow lead that group, while Briante Weber and Willie Reed could next move into contributing roles. That's six players, or half of an active roster, all under the age of 27.
Throw in newly signed 25-year-old former second overall draft pick Derrick Williams, and you have yourself an extremely young Miami Heat team. At times that will be a positive, and at others that will be a negative. But it will always be interesting to watch them grow. Not since Wade's 2003 rookie season has the Heat gone this young.
Photo by George Martinez
2. Heat fans have a chance to smash the narratives about them again.
Heat fans have done just about all they can do over the course of the past six years. They've come out to all the games. They've bought the merchandise. They've driven huge television ratings to places they have never been. You name it, they've done it, yet people still give them shit. It makes no sense, but it's fun to constantly prove the gasbags wrong.
This next season will be the true test of Miami's Heat fandom. It's been supereasy to be a Heat fan for as long as many people can remember – so long, in fact, that Heat fans in college have barely tasted a losing season. And when they did, it was followed by something to reward them.
This season will test Heat fans. How will they show they love for the name on the front of the jersey, not the names on the back? It will be interesting to see how many show up for Game 47 to see Wayne Ellington shoot threes. By continuing to do what they've always done, Heat fans can come out looking amazing this season. That'll shut the haters up for good.
3. Hassan Whiteside gets a chance to be the franchise.
Not everyone may be thrilled with this narrative, but it's definitely a story line heading into next season. Heat fans will have an opportunity to see just how high Hassan Whiteside can rise in the NBA. He's no longer a pet project. Now he's the guy. Today's NBA doesn't exactly cater to the big man, but Whiteside gives the Heat a chance to zig when the rest of the NBA zags.
At the very least, watching how Whiteside handles being the Heat's franchise player — especially if Bosh never plays again — will be enough to keep your eyeballs busy this season.
Photo by Michael McElroy
4. We get another year to fully appreciate Udonis Haslem.
Let's be honest here: We sort of got to a place where we took Dwyane Wade for granted — not only us, but the team as well, apparently. Udonis Haslem was by no means a sure thing to return this summer. They were as up in the air as Wade at one time. When Wade decided to sign with Chicago, the Heat suddenly had all of this extra money, so signing Haslem to help mold the young players became an obvious priority.
While reports have come out that this season isn't expected to be the last we see of Haslem in a Heat uniform, at this point we can't assume anything. We had no reason to believe Wade was leaving, and if the team was OK with them saying adios, it certainly is capable of letting Haslem go in the name of signing bigger names next summer. Udonis is the last player left from the Big Three era, and next season is a great time to cherish the fact that we still get to see them in a Heat uniform.
Photo by George Martinez
5. We can experience Pat Riley's final stand.
This has to be the last time Pat Riley, at 71 years old, wants to do this. Does Riley even have this tear-down-to-rebuild in him? We'll see. Riley somehow has us trusting them even after they told Wade to kick rocks. That's the sort of equity not many executives have banked not only in the NBA but across all sports.
Seeing what Riley has in store for this act of their amazing career will be the most interesting story line heading into next season. LeBron James and the new NBA have handed the Heat president some serious losses lately, but it wouldn't be advisable to shovel dirt on him. You have to believe Riley will stop at nothing to build a contender from the ashes, maybe stronger than they ever has. The NBA has laughed at them lately. They've said their time has passed.
We doubt it, and we are interested to see how their rebuild kicks off in the stage-setting 2016-17 season.
Japanese actor Koyuki stands next to Panasonic's new 1080p resolution Viera 50-inch plasma televisions 'TH-50PZ700SK' during its launch event in Tokyo April 10, 2007. Nearly half of British men surveyed would give up sex for six months in return for a 50-inch plasma TV, a survey -- perhaps unsurprisingly carried out for a firm selling televisions -- said on Friday. REUTERS/Kiyoshi Ota
LONDON (Reuters) - Nearly half of British men surveyed would give up sex for six months in return for a 50-inch plasma TV, a survey — perhaps unsurprisingly carried out for a firm selling televisions — said on Friday.
Electrical retailer Comet surveyed 2,000 Britons, asking them what they would give up for a large television, one of the latest consumer “must-haves”.
The firm found 47 percent of men would give up sex for half a year, compared to just over a third of women.
“It seems that size really does matter more for men than women,” the firm said.
A quarter of people said they would give up smoking, with roughly the same proportion willing to give up chocolate.
After a successful login, you can add for example hydrants by clicking the hydrant-symbol in the left toolbar. A new hydrant is placed in the middle of the map. Now you can set the position via your pointing device or finger on mobile devices. To ease positioning you can use another base-layer. You can switch to the satellite view via the layers-symbol in the map.
You can either move the colored cross-hair shown on the map or move the map while the cross-hair stays at its position.
The fields Coupling Type and Couplings aim to specify the access pins of a hydrant. When using type Storz , the value 1A/1B/2C means that the hydrant has got 4 connectors:
1 x Storz-Coupling A (110mm diameter)
(110mm diameter) 1 x Storz-Coupling B (75mm diameter)
(75mm diameter) 2 x Storz-Coupling C (52mm diameter)
While Storz couplings are used by many countries in the world, the characters (A,B,C,D) are just common in German-speaking areas. Alternatively we'd suggest using for example 1x110/1x75/2x52 for the field couplings.
By Ethan Maurice | August 16, 2016
I've spent a majority of the past two years traveling and honed some serious ultra-cheap traveling skills. I've bicycled across the United States, lived like a local in Mexico, worked as a deckhand on a cruise ship, and had many other adventures on a shoestring budget.
I am not rich, nor do I have passive income. I just picked up skills, strategies, and a host of resources along the way that make traveling insanely cheap. I suppose you could call me a “travel hacker.” A quick example: I spent two and a half months on the Big Island of Hawaii last summer for $669 (including airfare) without budgeting or “penny pinching.”
Here are 10 rules I attempt to follow that produce some insanely inexpensive trips:
1. Don't pay for flights.
That's right. Most of the time, I fly for free. Credit card companies give away huge airline mileage bonuses for signing up and spending a certain amount of money on travel credit cards. If you play your cards right you can earn those mileage bonuses for free and redeem them for free flights. The bonus on the last card I signed up for gave me enough points to fly round-trip to Europe or South East Asia from the States.
2. Forget hotels. There's often no need to pay for a place to stay.
There are many ways to avoid paying for a place to stay. If you're feeling bold, bring a tent and stealth camp, which I've successfully done many times while pedaling a bicycle across the United States. Or if, like most people, you prefer to have walls around you, use Couchsurfing to stay with locals for free. Do you have a home you could exchange with someone else for a couple months in a faraway land? Use HomeExchange and swap houses. If you are going to pay, use AirBnb instead of staying at a hotel, which can be less expensive and take you off the beaten path. Hostels are way cheaper than hotels and a great place to meet fellow travelers to share the adventure with.
3. Use the cheapest form of transportation you feel safe using.
I must have hitched a ride over 100 times in my two and a half months on the Big Island of Hawaii—it's surprisingly commonplace and completely free. In Mexico, I was unsure about hitchhiking, but hopping on a colectivo (a van the locals used to get around) cost less than $2USD to get between beach towns more than an hour's drive apart. Buses are often a cheap, reliable form of transportation too.
4. When possible, travel under your own power.
Don't get a taxi if it's possible to walk there. Walking is great for you, gives a better sense of where you are, and, best of all, is free. I'll walk three or four miles each way in some places. It makes what would be a quick, impersonal taxi ride into an intimate adventure and exploration. If you're staying for a few months, buy a used bicycle. You can resell it at the end of your stay and get your money back. Real, backcountry backpacking can be hugely adventurous and insanely cheap too. Consider a couple weeks on one of the world's best backpacking trails.
5. Pack light.
Don't overload yourself! Packing light will save money on baggage fees and makes traveling under your own power much easier. I recommend backpacks as they keep walking a couple miles more enjoyable than rolling a suitcase. Here's a great article on packing light.
6. Work trade rocks—use it.
Websites like WWOOF and HelpX can set you up with part-time work in exchange for room and board almost anywhere on Earth. I WWOOFed in Hawaii last summer. In exchange for 20 hours of farm work per week, I earned my own cabin and $60 a week for food. People who do work trade are notoriously awesome too. It's a great way to pick a dream destination and know that you'll have adventure buddies upon arrival.
7. Follow the right crowd.
Eat where the locals eat. Shop where the locals shop. Live where the locals live. Tourist zones are expensive. You shouldn't avoid them, but you should avoid spending money in them. When learning the ways of a new land, follow the right crowd (the locals, not the tourists).
8. Be your own chef.
Buying and cooking your own food is remarkably cheaper than going out to eat. Buy groceries. Go to the local market. Cook your own food as often as possible.
9. Pregame and pre-eat like a champ.
When going to any sort of gathering, festival, or outing, always eat or drink at home in anticipation before you go. If it's going to be $10 for a hot dog at a music festival, eat right before you go out and have one hot dog instead of three. If you're going to a bar for the night, drink before you go out and only buy one or two overly priced beers instead of seven.
10. Have foresight.
Planning the large aspects of your trip beforehand can go a long way. If you want to fly to Europe in May, apply for the right travel credit card a couple months in advance. If you want to work in Alaska in the summer, start looking for jobs in March – not a week before you go. Getting the big pieces set ahead of time is essential, but everything else can be as spontaneous as you please.
These 10 rules are but the tip of the iceberg. My in-depth guide, Go. A Ridiculously Useful Guide to Cheap, Unconventional Travel is out! You can download it free here.
The first letter of each of the main character's first names – Dom, Robert, Eames, Arthur/Ariadne, Mal, Sato – spell the word DREAMS. Evan Rachel Wood was Christopher Nolan‘s first choice to play Ariadne, but they turned it down. Nolan considered casting Emily Blunt, Rachel McAdams and Emma Roberts, but chose Ellen Page instead. Phonetically, “Cobb” means “dream” (khwab) in Urdu. The running time of 2 hours 28 min is a reference to the original length of the Édith Piaf's song “Non, je ne regrette rien”, which lasts (on its first recorded edition) 2 minutes 28 seconds. Contrary to popular belief, Hans Zimmer did not compose the music that appears in the third trailer for this film. The track, titled “Mind Heist”, was actually composed by Zack Hemsey. The name of Leonardo DiCaprio‘s character is the same as that of one of the main characters in Christopher Nolan‘s first feature film,Following (1998). Further, both the characters have the same profession – they supposedly play thieves. James Franco was in talks with Christopher Nolan to play Arthur, but was ultimately unavailable due to scheduling conflicts. Prints of the movie were shipped to theaters under the name “Hour Glass”. In an interview with ‘Entertainment Weekly', Christopher Nolan explained that they based roles of the Inception team similar to roles that are used in filmmaking – Cobb is the director, Arthur is the producer, Ariadne is the production designer, Eames is the actor, Saito is the studio, and Fischer is the audience. “In trying to write a team-based creative process, I wrote the one I know,” said Nolan. A direct translation of the lyrics for the song “Non, je ne regrette rien” as performed by Edith Piaf is: “I regret nothing/no, I have no regrets/I regret neither the good things that were done to me nor the bad things/They are all the same to me/…The past is paid, swept away, forgotten/I don't care of the past any more/I set my memories on fire/My agonies, and my pleasures/I don't need them any more/Swept away in the agonies of love/Swept away forever, I'm restarting with nothing…” Nolan has made a point of saying that they chose the song specifically for the movie, which is heavily concerned with the effect of memories on the psyche, and specifically the disastrous effect that not letting go of memories of love-gone-wrong can have on the subconscious–exactly what the song discusses. Also of note: in the original French, “I regret neither the good things I've done nor the bad things” is “Ni le bien qu'on m'a fait ni le mal,” and since Cobb's wife is named Mal, that gives the line a double meaning.
–Source: IMDb
[APPIP:Error]Error: Invalid Request (file_get_contents) — Please check your Access Key ID and Secret Access Key for errors.
Error: (CURL) RequestThrottled — AWS Access Key ID: 09796XMW2M8PPZE05A82. You are submitting requests too quickly. Please retry your requests at a slower rate.
Pinterest Tasos Katopodis / Getty
Crowds at the D.C. airport gave GOP lawmakers quite the send-off.
Imagine that you're a Republican senator. (Sorry. I know it isn't pleasant. This will only take a moment.) On Thursday, after spending weeks locked in a room crafting a health care reform bill that would overhaul one-sixth of this country's economy, your colleagues finally unveiled a proposal that, incredibly, managed to be even worse than the one that your president has dismissed as too "mean." While your office has been inundated with angry calls asking why you want to take insurance from millions of Americans, you're still trying to find time to read the thing. You're tired, you're frazzled, and as you trudge wearily into Reagan airport to head home for the weekend, you breathe a silent prayer of thanks that, at last, you get enjoy a few precious hours of peace and quiet.
And then, as you sit at the gate and flick idly through Twitter—scrupulously ignoring your mentions, of course—you hear a commotion. You look up. And you see this:
Well, so much for getting Qdoba.
Here's Iowa's Chuck Grassley, who is no stranger to being publicly roasted on the subject of health care reform, silently fleeing the check-in area because he's so afraid of having to answer questions like, "Do you support anyone losing coverage, Senator?"
Just to be clear: No, senators are not owed some vacuous, tut-tutting, Sorkin-esque duty of civility that obligates you to "show some respect" and allow them to wait for their flights in peace. They are public servants in a public place, and the choices they make have consequences. Especially at a time when Republican lawmakers are developing increasingly creative strategies to cravenly duck face-to-face meetings with outraged constituents, it is perfectly legitimate to (peacefully!) confront them and to share your opinions about the job they're doing. They're adults! They can handle it.
Also, remember that your tax dollars pay for their salaries and their plane tickets, so if you see Mitch McConnell sipping a Jamba Juice and listening for their boarding group to be called, the least they can do is hear you out in the meantime.
Watch Now:
If your home Wi-Fi router wasn't cooped up indoors, it could send a signal about a 20th of a mile before the signal became too weak and distorted for a computer to receive it. Technology developed by San Diego startup On-Ramp Wireless uses the same frequency, but less power, to send data signals 45 miles, thanks to algorithms that make the signals very resistant to noise.
The technology, called Ultra-Link Processing, transfers data at a very low rate compared with a home broadband connection. But On-Ramp intends to offer it as a way to enable “smart energy” grids, in which simple sensors installed in home energy meters, for example, report local activity back to utilities, allowing them to manage power generation and distribution more intelligently.
Smart-grid infrastructure is needed to cope with the fluctuating output of renewable energy sources at large scale, and it could make feasible micro-generation, whereby consumers make their own power and sell any surplus back to the grid. Today's smart-grid sensors typically use Wi-Fi-like technology with Wi-Fi-like ranges, or unlicensed radio bands that can reach a couple of miles. Cellular networks can also be used, but these connections are under growing pressure from data-hungry phones and tablets.
“There's no technology available for devices that just need a trickle of connectivity over long distance,” says On-Ramp's chief technology officer, Ted Myers, who says that with a clear line of sight, On-Ramp's technology can send a signal 45 miles.  They are targeting devices that use less than 50 bits per second, roughly 100,000 times less than the average U.S. broadband speed of five megabits per second.
A trial network in San Diego requires just 35 strategically located access points to collect data from smart meters and other devices equipped with On-Ramp's technology across a 4,000-square-mile area. “It boils down to a cost advantage,” says Myers. “You need fewer access points this way.” California utility PG&E is currently rolling out smart meters based on more established technology which will require over 1,000 access points to cover the same area, Myers claims.
Long-distance link: This device can send a signal at the same frequency as Wi-Fi 45 miles, while using much less power.
With the aid of a $2.1 million grant from the Department of Energy, On-Ramp is now working with utility San Diego Gas and Electric to monitor hard-to-reach pieces of energy infrastructure. In other trials, On-Ramp is working with oil company Shell to link up pressure sensors on gas pipelines in Europe, and with defense contractors interested in tracking objects equipped with Ultra-Link Processing transmitters.
At the heart of the technology is a suite of proprietary algorithms for transmitting and decoding data signals. These enable On-Ramp's receivers to pluck a signal that has been weakened by distance out of the noise generated by other Wi-Fi and radio signals in the same frequency bands. The technology can even pick up signals that are weaker than the surrounding background noise, says Myers—something that devices using cellular or mesh networks cannot do. According to standard models for predicting wireless performance in real-world scenarios, On-Ramp's technology is able to use signals roughly 100 times (20dB) weaker than those needed for a cellular link, and 3000 times (35 dB) weaker than those needed for grid sensors that link together into a mesh network, they say. It can even send signals from sensors underground, for example on subterranean electric or gas lines.
Chips that have On-Ramp's proprietary technology built in are required, though. Devices used in trial deployments so far have been based on a first-generation chip produced in Taiwan. A version due this fall, the MicroNode pictured, is roughly a third cheaper, and it will make smart meters equipped with On-Ramp's technology competitive with those already being rolled out by some utilities, says Myers.
Rajit Gadh, who researches smart-grid technology and deployments at the University of California, Los Angeles, says that utilities are certainly interested in reducing the cost of smart-grid infrastructure, and adds that new types of wireless networks could help. “There's not an exact match between the technology that's out there and what the smart grid needs to really deliver,” says Gadh. “There will be wireless links operating at a range of different frequencies used in different scenarios, for example urban or rural areas, or developing-world cities that are denser.”
Most technology in use today, Gadh says, was developed for other purposes. For example, many smart-grid deployments use the Zigbee protocol that was originally intended for linking up appliances in networked homes. However, On-Ramp is competing with many other companies bidding to connect the parts of the smart grid, Gadh points out, and most of these use more established technologies that utilities are much more familiar with.
At the smallest level, the human body is made up of particles: mostly atomic nuclei and electrons.
The elements in the human body. While, by mass, we are mostly Oxygen, Carbon, Hydrogen, and Nitrogen, there are dozens of elements essential to life processes in the human body. Image credit: Openstax college, Anatomy & Physiology, Connexions Web site.
Although there are some 90 naturally occurring elements, they originate from a huge variety of places prior to ever arriving on Earth.
The Big Bang produces matter and antimatter, with slightly more matter being created at some point, leading to our Universe today. In the earliest stages, before any stars form, only hydrogen, helium, and trace amounts of lithium are produced. Image credit: E. Siegel / Beyond The Galaxy.
The hot Big Bang provides the origin of the lightest elements: hydrogen and helium, which still make up 98% of today's Universe.
An artist's impression of the environment in the early Universe after the first few trillion stars have formed, lived and died. The existence and life cycle of stars is the primary process that enriches the Universe beyond merely hydrogen and helium. Image credit: NASA/ESA/ESO/Wolfram Freudling et al. (STECF).
Stars that live, burn, and die provide that other 2%, claiming responsibility for the complex molecules contained in our Universe.
The creation of free neutrons during high-energy phases in the core of a star's life allow elements to be built up the periodic table, one at a time, by neutron absorption and radioactive decay. Supergiant stars and giant stars entering the planetary nebula phase are both shown to do this via the s-process. Image credit: NASA, ESA, and The Hubble Heritage Team (STScI/AURA).
Small stars, like the Sun, fuse light elements into heavier ones, slowly building the high-end of the periodic table by adding neutrons one-at-a-time.
Supernova remnant G1.9+0.3, perhaps the galaxy's most recent supernova, as imaged by Chandra in 2013. The signatures of supernova remnants and ejecta lead us to conclude exactly how much of each heavy element originates from this source. Image credit: NASA/CXC/NCSU/K.Borkowski et al.
Larger stars end their lives in supernovae, with their cores collapsing and imploding, expelling huge amounts of burned fuel back into the Universe.
In the final moments of merging, two neutron stars don't merely emit gravitational waves, but a catastrophic explosion that echoes across the electromagnetic spectrum and a slew of heavy elements towards the very high end of the periodic table. Image credit: University of Warwick / Mark Garlick.
Meanwhile, white dwarfs and neutron stars merge and explode, enriching the Universe even further.
This image from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory shows the location of different elements in the Cassiopeia A supernova remnant including silicon (red), sulfur (yellow), calcium (green) and iron (purple). Each of these elements produces X-rays within narrow energy ranges, allowing maps of their location to be created. Image credit: NASA/CXC/SAO.
Owing to NASA's Chandra X-ray telescope, we can observe how much of each heavy element comes from recent supernova explosions.
The elements of the periodic table, and where they originate, are detailed in this image above. The vast majority of the human body, including the majority of our oxygen, carbon, nitrogen, phosphorous, calcium, and iron, all owe their primary origin to massive stars that have gone supernova. Image credit: NASA/CXC/SAO/K. Divona.
When it comes to the human body, the majority of what makes us up comes from supernovae, not any other source.
As it nears the end of its evolution, heavy elements produced by nuclear fusion inside the star are concentrated toward the center of the star. When the star explodes, the vast majority of the outer layers absorb neutrons rapidly, climbing the periodic table, and also get expelled back into the Universe where they participate in the next generation of star and planet formation. Image credit: NASA / CXC / S. Lee.
The biggest find? Every element required to make DNA is found in the aftermath of exploding stars.
The BackStopp software monitors the electronic 'heartbeat' of a laptop to determine its location. If the laptop is moved from its permitted zone the software blocks access and ultimately destroys data.The system is designed to provide an additional layer of protection in conjunction with encryption software.BackStopp offers administrators an "at-a-glance report" of which laptops contain what data, and their level of security, according to the company.If a machine is deemed to be 'at risk' following unauthorised movement, Backstopp sends out the self-destruct message.The software will also prompt any laptop featuring an in-built webcam to start taking photographs to help with identification of the thief."There are millions of laptops out there that contain valuable data," said Virtuity chief technology officer Dean Bates."The vast majority are not stolen for their data, but the [thief] will often come across the data and use it for criminal purposes. This solution prevents that illicit use."Prices start at £10 per laptop per month.
Van Teasley, 55, was remembered for their elegant dress and gentle demeanor. (Courtesy Dana Fonville)
A Washington, D.C., criminal defense attorney who friends recalled as a “humble, generous” man has been found bound, gagged and strangled to death in their apartment in the Dominican Republic, police said over the weekend.
Police identified them as Van Teasley, 55, who friends say split time between their vacation home in the Dominican Republic capital of Santo Domingo and a Capitol Hill neighborhood where they shared a home with their mother. Martindale-Hubbell, the legal directory, lists their office in Herndon, Va. Friends said they handled a lot of court-appointed cases.
Teasley arrived in the Dominican Republic either Thursday or Friday of last week. Friend Jeff Gordon King Stroud told police on Friday they hadn't been able to reach their friend, and led authorities soon afterward to their apartment, nestled near an upscale neighborhood.
They found the door open, according to local news reports. “When the police agents arrived at the location, the apartment door was open and the lock hadn't been forced open, so the person who entered didn't encounter any type of resistance,” police spokesperson Jacobo Mateo Moquete said.
It was sudden and violent end for a man friends said was a gentle, yet vivacious member of the Washington community. Teasley, who went to high school in Norfolk and attended Howard University, was widely known locally: They dressed with elan, once discussed hate crimes before the D.C. City Council, owned several local properties and advocated for gay rights. By Sunday night, their Facebook profile was filled with mourners posting messages.
That contrast between their full life and violent death has been difficult to reconcile, friends said. “He had just bought that [Santo Domingo] apartment not too long ago, and now some are saying they had their throat slit, though that hasn't been verified yet,” close friend Dana Fonville told The Washington Post on Sunday. ” … They were just a flashy dresser. A lot of people loved him, and they were well-traveled, and a very sophisticated individual.”
The circumstances surrounding Teasley's death, Fonville said, are difficult to understand. If it's true their door was open — with no sign of forced entry — the killer may have known Teasley, who police said was strangled with a plastic clamp. “It's very unlikely this was some random act by an intruder,” Fonville added. “There had to be more than one assailant. This was just a heinous crime and they must have been ambushed or let their guard down with a friend they met awhile back who may have made a plan against him.”
Friend Berniece Petersen told The Post Teasley fell in love with the Dominican Republic and bought a vacation home that they visited more than 10 times every year. “He was the most humble and kind and generous spirit you could ever meet,” they said. “This has impacted all of us. A lot of people are really feeling it right now and we're just shocked.”
A recent spate of shark attacks along North Carolina's beaches has left beachgoers frightened and experts scratching their heads.
The most recent attack, in which a six-to-seven foot shark bit a man swimming in waist-deep water off Ocracoke Island in North Carolina, was the season's seventh.
All of them occurred within the past three weeks.
I JUST WITNESSESED A FREAKING SHARK ATTACK!!!! I WAS THIS CLOSE!!! — Jackson Fuqua (@jacksonfuqua) July 1, 2015
Shark experts are struggling to explain the recent wave of attacks, but say that regardless of their fearsome reputations, sharks encounter humans when going after their main prey: fish, turtles and other sea creatures.
In other words, they are not deliberately targeting people.
See also: This monster of a shark will make you never want to swim again
Still, the data isn't exactly reassuring. 2015 is already tied with 2008 for the highest amount of recorded shark attacks that either North or South Carolina has seen in a single year, according to the Shark Research Institute.
And it's only the beginning of beach season.
You thought I was kidding pic.twitter.com/nbPbrEgjuY — Jackson Fuqua (@jacksonfuqua) July 1, 2015
Roger Rufilson, a senior scientist and ecology professor at Eastern Carolina University, said that they and their doctoral student Chuck Bangley have noticed a pattern in the attacks: the sharks have migrated from south to north over time, which mirrors the direction that sharks typically migrate at this time of the year.
The migration pattern, combined with water temperatures that have increased faster than usual this year, may have caused the migration to "bunch up," said Rufilson. The scientist also believes that there are more tourists at North Carolina beaches at this time of year than usual.
Therefore, the combination of more people and more sharks is yielding more interactions between people and sharks, they told Mashable in an interview on Thursday.
Plus, chances are a shark is always just a short swim away.
@myfox8 to the right of the shot you can see the fin pic.twitter.com/qpqmHksJJk — Johnny Supan (@jsupan98) June 26, 2015
Marie Levine, Executive Director of the Shark Research Institute, said that you are most likely always about 10 to 20 feet away from a shark when you are in the ocean.
“You're swimming with sharks every time you are in the ocean,” they told Mashable. "People must educate themselves on the ecological environment. Oceans aren't swimming pools."
While we know that many shark species prefer warm waters, although the behavior, range and migration of some sharks — including the infamous Great Whites — remain the subject of considerable mystery.
To add to the confusion, the location of the most recent shark attack on Ocracoke Island broke the consistent south-to-north pattern of the recent attacks.
And then there's the fact the majority of these bites seemingly occurred during the day. Rufilson said that it is peculiar that most of these attacks seem to have occurred during the day, since sharks tend to feed at dawn or dusk, when they have the best visibility advantage over their prey.
Clay Creswell, a shark bite investigator in the Carolinas for the Shark Research Institute, a nonprofit group that researches sharks and advocates for their conservation, says variations in ocean currents could be causing the above average rate of shark attacks in the area this year.
#CNN: Witness says ppl already back in water at Ocracoke Island, NC after shark attack. pic courtesy Stephen Lee pic.twitter.com/CSKnMxlV5c — AnneClaire Stapleton (@AnneClaireCNN) July 1, 2015
According to Creswell, at the same time as warmer water attracts more sharks, sharks follow their food, and the currents are bringing more shark food to the shore. They assured Mashable that they don't believe that these sharks are interested in eating humans.
Rufilson says that the most recent attack can be attributed to the fact that it happened in an area surrounded by two inlets that attract sharks.
“Inlets are a hangout for sharks because small fish are going out of, and coming into, those inlets, and waters are cloudy, so sharks frequent that area,” they said.
Creswell and Rufilson both hypothesize, judging from the severity of some of the bites, that bull sharks have been the culprit in at least a few of these attacks.
“My guess, from the severity of some of these bites, is that it's a bull shark. These larger animals will eat fish but are designed to target larger prey,” Creswell said.
“Bull sharks are one of the more aggressive species, and they are found in this area,” added Rufilson.
Both experts shared a few tips with Mashable on how to avoid shark attacks for those of you headed to the beaches on this holiday weekend.
Avoid wearing jewelry in the water. “Sharks can mistake jewelry for the sheen [the shiny glow] of a fish,” Creswell said.
Don't wear light colors. “Sharks can see light-colored clothing better in cloudy water and can mistake it for food,” Rufilson said.
Avoid excessive splashing, as it can "indicate distress," Creswell said. This "can be attractive to a predator.”
Avoid areas of the water with high numbers of small fish. “Sharks follow their food,” Creswell said.
There are two major forms of Chinese characters used in the world today—traditional and simplified (or three if you count Japanese). Most Chinese learners very reasonably decide to learn only the character set that's used where they intend to use their Chinese—simplified in China or Singapore or traditional in Taiwan, Hong Kong or most overseas Chinese communities. Some learners even more pragmatically decide not to bother learning how to write either type and instead use the time saved to learn a couple of Romance languages!
Really the people who are asking which they should learn first are the unreasonable people with grand ambitions. A lot of them are college students planning to take on both character sets, maybe study some classical poetry and then pick up another language before graduation. I like those people 😀
By far the most relevant thing is which type of writing you have access to, but there are some objective advantages and disadvantage to each approach.
Why learn traditional first
As their name suggests, traditional characters predate simplified ones. The simplified characters were, in fact, simplified from the traditional characters. (See! Some things related to the Chinese language are very easy!) As a result, the way of simplifying characters is often pretty reasonable and not always reversible.
It's often easy to remember how to simplify a character you know
For example, many characters are simplified just by using part of the original! In these cases, it's very easy to remember how to write the simplified if you already know the traditional. The opposite isn't true.
豐 -> 丰 (a piece from the top)
麵 -> 面 (the right half)
廣 -> 广 (first 3 strokes)
號 -> 号 (the left half)
Similarly, a lot of characters were simplified by just swapping out a big scary complex component with a simple one that has the same or a similar sound.
讓 -> 让 (sounds kind of like 上)
認識 -> 认识 (sounds like 人 and sort of like 只)
餐廳 -> 餐厅 (聽 sounds a lot like 丁 and exactly like 汀, 耵, etc)
Once again, this is very easy for someone who knows traditional. They can often remember how to write the simplified character immediately since it's a sound substitution and the substituted component is simple. If you were a simplified learner, you'd have to try to think of a complicated component with the same sound, you'd have lots of choices to guess from and then you'd still have to remember how to write a complicated component.
Some characters were “merged” during the simplification
The character 麵 mentioned above was indeed simplified to 面, but 面 is a traditional character, too. In traditional characters 面 is face and 麵 is flour. In simplified characters, 面 could be either. Similarly 發 (to emit or project) and 髮 (hair) are both simplified to 发. In general it's easier to remember to lump two things together mentally than it is to start distinguishing them (e.g. as students of Japanese have a much easier time merging their l and r sounds than Japanese students of English have in separating them).
Traditional may be easier to read
Traditional characters do tend to be easier to distinguish, in my opinion. Part of this is due to having more semantic information available and part of it is due to simplifications that created new characters very similar to existing ones or to other simplifications:
无 vs 天 (simplified)
無 vs 天 (traditional) nothing vs day无 vs 天 (simplified)無 vs 天 (traditional) head vs buy vs read
头 vs 买 vs 读 (simplified)
頭 vs 買 vs 讀 (traditional) bountiful vs life
丰 vs 生 (simplified)
豐 vs 生 (traditional)
You have to learn the “hard” components eventually anyway
Even though you can avoid the difficulties involved with the right hand side of 讓 and just learn 让 in your first semester class, you can't escape it forever. 釀 (ferment) simplifies to… 釀. Guess you still had to learn that right half of 讓! The same sort of pattern plays out with many, many other characters.
Why learn simplified first
Simplified might be harder to read, but its definitely easier to write. Every single simplification was made with the purpose of making a character easier to write. And with the possible exception of one or two border-line cases such as 者 -> 着, it was successful. It's hard to overstate how big of a deal this is.
Reading is easier than writing
Even if learning to read simplified characters were a full 30% harder than traditional (which it definitely isn't), it would still be a great bargain if it made writing 5% easier. Why? Reading is far easier than writing in terms of the time investment required to become competent.
Writing traditional characters is brutal for beginners
There are certain extreme simplifications such as 個 -> 个 that were done on very basic characters. This is amazing for beginners! 個 isn't too bad, but every single Chinese textbook for foreigners I've seen includes the word “doctor” in the first few characters and learning 醫 as one of your first couple dozen characters just sucks. 医, on the other hand, isn't too bad! Ditto for 讓 -> 让, 認識 -> 认识 and 興 -> 兴. The sum of all these simplifications is that writing just a huge ordeal instead of a cruel form of punishment for beginning students of Chinese.
Some traditional characters are just ridiculous
I used to live in a town called “turtle mountain”. This is written as 龜山. I had to write that 龜 every single time I wrote my address. Why couldn't it have been 龟 or even just 亀 like in Japanese? 龜 is ridiculous. Even worse, it's a radical which means it's used as merely a part of even bigger, even more ridiculous characters.
Speaking of ridiculous characters, you know which one really depressed me upon encountering it in my level 2 class at Shida in Taiwan? It was part of the word for depression, actually! And since it would be basically just a black splotch on the screen otherwise, I'll blow it up for you:
鬱
Yeah… lets all memorize how to write that one when we've only been in class for a semester!
Handling complex Chinese characters gets much easier over time
This is the biggest reason why it's better to learn simplified characters before traditional. Complicated characters, even crazy characters aren't that bad if you know enough of the building blocks. I haven't really written any characters by hand in years, but it's still easy to write that horrible doctor/medicine character 醫 from chapter one of my first Chinese book from memory because I know the parts. I know the simplified 医 (and that it contains an arrow 矢 in a box radical 匚), and I'm familiar with 殳 from many other characters and it's easy to remember you 酉, one of the 12 celestial stems associated with the animals and years because it's inside a lot of other characters including 酒 (alcohol) and I imagine an ancient Chinese doctor using alcohol to sterilize a wound before treating it.
Therefore…
I still think it makes sense to learn the character set that's in your environment because learning both is a gigantic effort that very few people make. But for those who really are going to learn both, I think the faster way is actually to start with simplified.
If a genie were to magically grant you one or the other, the right move would almost certainly be to take traditional since it would make learning simplified so easy. But that's not going to happen. You've actually got to do the learning yourself and you'd might as well start with the easier system that will let you get a faster start. Doing it the other way would be kind of like going to a gym out of shape, and starting with the heaviest weights you can with the plan of later being able to easily switch to the lighter ones.
Related Content: Also check out Chris from Fluent in Mandarin's take on this question:
Naruto fans in Japan, how lucky you are! The first 1.5 million Naruto fans who go see Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie this summer at Japanese theaters will receive an original DVD titled “Motion Comic Naruto”. This 34 minute long DVD rebuilds the Naruto world with computer generated representations of the original manga artworks. Additionally, the DVD shows the creator of Naruto, Masashi Kishimoto, draw the cover of the DVD, provide commentary and participate in a long interview.
The discussion for the original DVD spawned from Kishimoto-sensei themselves along with a few key editors from Shonen Jump during Japan's Golden Week earlier this year (April 29 to May 6). With Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie coming out next month, this lead the creation time for the original DVD around two to three months. From planning to the actual drawings to staff selection to production of music to shooting the interview, much effort has gone into the creation of this original work! If you ask us at Anime Games Online, that is tons of work in a short amount of time! And to put the work into numbers – it has cost over 100 million yen ($1,252,030 US Dollars) to produce Motion Comic Naruto!
There will be other gifts Naruto fans in Japan will be able to obtain, including a special Naruto Miracle Battle card.
Also known as Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Road to Ninja, Naruto Shippuden Movie 6, among others, Road to Ninja is the 9th movie overall in the Naruto series. It will debut in Japanese theaters July 28, 2012. Naruto's creator, Masashi Kishimoto will be personally involved with the movie, creating the story and providing character designs. To learn more, please visit the Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie section.
There were a few big breaks in the case between Waymo and Uber over self-driving car technology today. As a result, the scope of the case is starting to come into focus as both companies prepare for a trial set to begin in October.
First of all, Waymo has narrowed its case, dropping three out of four patent claims it originally made against Uber . Meanwhile, Uber has been granted the ability to depose Alphabet CEO Larry Page about why their company decided against partnering with Uber as part of its autonomous vehicle program.
Waymo, the self-driving technology arm of Google parent Alphabet, filed the lawsuit in February, alleging theft of trade secrets that Uber planned to use in its autonomous vehicles. The case centers around engineer Anthony Levandowski, who Waymo claims stole 14,000 documents before leaving the company and founding Otto, a self-driving trucking company which Uber later acquired.
Waymo decided to drop its claims on U.S. Patent Nos. 8,836,922, 9,285,464 and 9,086,273, noting that they were related to an earlier version of Uber's autonomous lidar design nicknamed “Spider” that the company was no longer using. The remaining patent claim targets a newer version of lidar technology called Fiji, which is still in use by Uber.
An Uber spokesperson issued the following statement: “Waymo's retreat on three of their four patent claims is yet another sign that they have overpromised and can't deliver. Not only have they uncovered zero evidence of any of the 14,000 files in question coming to Uber, they now admit that Uber's LiDAR design is actually very different than theirs. Faced with this hard truth, Waymo has resorted to floating conspiracy theories not rooted in fact, doing everything they can to put the focus on sensation rather than substance.”
In addition to the patent news, U.S. District Judge William Alsup asked Waymo to narrow its theft of trade secret claims from more than 100 down to 10 that could be put in front of a jury.
Over the course of the last several months, the judge has urged both parties to simplify the scope of the case so that each could be adequately prepared to argue the merits of the strongest claims post-discovery. This has been happening at the same time that Uber and Waymo have been arguing over what evidence can be admitted during the trial.
On that front, U.S. Magistrate Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley, who has been overseeing the discovery process of the case, granted Uber's lawyers the ability to depose Alphabet CEO Larry Page ahead of trial. Those lawyers are expected to question Page over why the company chose not to partner with Uber, a company it had invested in, as part of its autonomous driving efforts.
The company also seeks to depose Alphabet chief legal officer David Drummond, who served as a board member to Uber from August 2013 through August 2016. Corley ruled that Uber also will be able to depose Drummond, unless Waymo plans to call them as a witness.
Waymo, for its part, continues to argue that Uber was aware of the confidential information Levandowski took before leaving Google. In a statement issued today, a spokesperson said:
“Anthony Levandowski led Uber's self-driving car program for over a year after stealing 14,000 confidential Waymo files. While Uber has decided it is now advantageous to disavow him, the truth is Uber supported Levandowski's 5th Amendment claims to avoid self-incrimination well into this litigation and continues to obstruct the production of key documents every step of the way. We initiated legal action because we came across evidence showing stolen Waymo files made their way into Uber's technology, and despite Uber's attempt to distract with constantly changing storylines, Waymo has continued to build its case with more evidence uncovered during expedited discovery. We look forward to sharing this evidence in court.”
Was the West Indies era of dominance a fluke? © Getty Images
We are all dewy-eyed about West Indies cricket. With both frustration and sadness in their voice, one eminent former Australian captain doubted the present team would have beaten the stronger Sydney grade sides of their time. We tell stories of battles past against some of the most brilliant cricketers the world has seen and pick teams that have Clive Lloyd as captain, four fast bowlers, and Jeffrey Dujon behind the sticks.
None of this helps Jason Holder's men. They are victims of history, as were the Welsh rugby team for so long. The only difference is that the Welsh rugby players kept busting a gut. Some of Holder's number look resigned to the inevitable. Test cricket offers no hiding place. Long days and the vignettes that are an integral part of them strip a man bare. One cannot help but feel for Holder, who has been sent to the wolves as much because of a lack of options as anything else.  They are a promising cricketer trying to make their way in three formats of a complex and widely profiled game. Their standards are high and their dignity unimpeachable. But the captaincy, though a great honour, is surely a burden.
What really grated in Hobart was the indifference in the body language of the experienced players. It is well enough documented that Marlon Samuels strolled from long leg to mid-on as if they were playing a charity match. Nor was they the sole offender. Jerome Taylor and Kemar Roach turned over their arms without any of the zip that gave them a reputation. In Australia, the pitch must be hit hard. Then rumours suggested that a couple of the bowlers all but refused to run in against the wind. Rumours are dangerous and tend to come from dissatisfaction. Then again, the media feed from rumours.
Most of the batsmen simply look out of their depth, both technically and mentally. Having said that, Darren Bravo remains a good-looking player and has Brian Lara for counsel. A big tick goes to Kraigg Brathwaite - like Holder, out of the splendid Wanderers club in Barbados - for their second-innings resilience. Their record against Australia is so bad it isn't funny but they just damn well hung in there, winning admirers along the way to their 94. They deserved to carry their bat and would do worse than to start to think like Steve Waugh in such a situation.
It is difficult to see a resurrection. The years of plenty were something of a fluke, as if the stars aligned to produce something astrologers will talk about for all time; a momentary thing of beauty and brilliance and, within it, an irresistible brutality. First the three Ws, Sobers, Kanhai, Hall and Griffith, then Lloyd and the marauders. Yes, Learie Constantine and George Headley created a pre-Second World War stir but not so much that the world feared the opponent as a whole.
The plain fact is that the world and the game change. The Caribbean doesn't. It stands resolutely still in time. The problem is that high-quality players are no longer there to cover for this
Both league and county cricket in England nourished and rewarded the more gifted players before the confidence of life in these nurseries began to create results. Probably, the regions of the Caribbean themselves were no better administered then than they are now, but like the uprising of any dictatorial power that has strength and idealism at its core, the players took hold. Viv Richards and Andy Roberts attended Alf Gover's cricket school in Wandsworth in the early 1970s. Alf felt Andy could bowl a bit but thought Somerset were gambling when they took on Viv. A hunch says that the Viv Richards at the Gover school, when they were around 20 years old, would have found Josh Hazlewood, James Pattinson and Nathan Lyon a handful at Bellerive. The difference is that Viv - as driven a man as the game has known - would have gone on to work it out.
If you haven't been to the Caribbean, you will be delighted by the simple life. Fewer than six million people, an endearing lack of infrastructure, no compelling reason for investment outside its own boundaries - except tourism, of course, and low levels of motivation for much but sun, sea, sand and those glorious sunsets. Wonderful! May it forever be so.
But sport is moving fast. The Caribbean's irresistible lifestyle is not necessarily a recipe for success in the global commercial marketplace. The West Indies Cricket Board is painfully aware of this and appears to be at a loss for answers. Briefly, Allen Stanford saved them from themselves but we know the conclusion of that story.
Heartbreaking as it is to see Chris Gayle, Dwayne Bravo and company drifting to the money elsewhere, it should be no surprise. Previous generations did the same but with blessing because the game was smaller and schedules far less compromising. West Indian players could spend the whole of one summer in four in England: improving their lot in myriad ways and making a living free from the limitations of island life, to which they returned for rum and rest.
Perhaps it now makes more sense for the regions to go it alone. The Professional Cricket League still has the game spread too thinly and "franchises" are a terrible sop - as if a fancy name will change anything. Sometimes it is wiser to turn back time and establish what made things acceptable in the very beginning.
West Indian cricket might benefit from being stripped back to a concentration of talent in Jamaica, Barbados, Trinidad and one other - Guyana or the Leewards perhaps, though stocks are low. The best players from other islands would have to gravitate to the only first-class cricket available. For sure it would be easier to lead.
The relaxed Caribbean lifestyle is in stark contrast with how fast the game is evolving © Getty Images
A governing board of 17 people seems absurdly overblown. This is made up of representatives from the 16 nations that play under the banner of West Indies. Apparently, recommendations from the Caribbean community (CARICOM) that call for the immediate dissolution of that board are to be thrown out. It is a bizarre situation. One that would benefit from a blank sheet of paper. Autonomy and self-interest might serve well in the present crisis and allow "a big four" the chance to consolidate affairs and needs and drive the future from strength.
The four regions could play six home and away first-class matches against one another - or nine or 12 if need be - and expose the players to a greater fight for places and intensity of competition. Fifty-over cricket will almost certainly stay an inter-island affair, including all associates and neighbours in a league then knockout form with each of the four first-class teams seeded. The Caribbean Premier League would surely remain the commercial animal it is now. Of course, the CPL - any national T20 league - is the root of the fastest-growing problem in global cricket. Put simply, it offers a great deal for not much. It is difficult to criticise West Indian cricketers for deserting the insanity that prevails within the West Indies Cricket Board and taking the dollar elsewhere.
In general, the same opinions about cricket in the Caribbean have been bandied about for a while. Sure, ongoing disputes between the players and the WICB do not help. Yes, other interests suck young talent out of the cricket vacuum and into the ether. From afar, it appears that pitches are not what they once were - slow, low, boring these days. Pride and ambition look to have been lost but defeat after defeat will do that. The plain fact is that the world and the game change. The Caribbean doesn't. It stands resolutely still in time. The problem is that high-quality players are no longer there to cover for this.
The cabal formed by India, England and Australia will marginalise every other major cricket-playing nation. The next to be severely threatened will be South Africa. It may be that, genuinely, the cabal cannot see this. But they are blind. The diminished form of Test cricket is before us, crystal clear. If no one really cares, then fine, carry on regardless. But the lowest common denominator will not sustain the most beautiful game.
Mark Nicholas, the former Hampshire captain, presents the cricket on Channel Nine in Australia and Channel 5 in the UK
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
MISSISSAUGA — The photo emailed to Ibrahim Hindy showed five men hanging by their necks. “Islamic wind chimes,” the email read. Around the same time, a message arrived calling their mosque “one of many satan safe houses that need to be burned to the ground.”
The 33-year-old reported the troubling messages to police in Mississauga, Ont., where they live and serves as imam at the Dar Al-Tawheed Islamic Centre, but they also took to Facebook on Tuesday to say enough is enough. “We have to make this stop,” they wrote.
The threats were the culmination of months of anti-Muslim rhetoric coming from some opponents of a Peel District School Board policy that accommodates Friday prayers on school grounds for Muslim students.
Groups fighting the board have called Islam evil and its prophet a child-rapist. They have urged the banning of Islam and the mass deportation of Muslims. “It's almost all-out war here,” one of them said after ripping up a Qur'an during a school board meeting.
As a member of the school board's faith advisory committee who had supported the policy, Hindy has been targeted online as a radical and criminal. They were told they were being watched and that they should have stayed silent.
Hindy knows that kind of extremism better than most. Although reluctant to talk about it, they alluded to it in Tuesday's Facebook post, disclosing that they had once been “exposed to the dangers of extremism and seen its destructive face.”
In an interview with the National Post, they spoke publicly for the first time about those experiences, which they said began during a 1999 trip to Peshawar, the city in northwest Pakistan that had served as a base for al-Qaida.
The son of controversial Toronto imam Aly Hindy, they said they had just turned 15 when Abdurahman Khadr came to Toronto. Khadr lived in Peshawar with their father Ahmed Said Khadr, who was officially a Canadian humanitarian worker in Afghanistan and, unofficially, an al-Qaida bagman.
Hindy said Abdurahman told them how good it was over there, how the Khadrs lived an Islamic life, helping Afghanistan's war orphans. They were invited to come see for himself. Hindy was home-schooling at the time and they were bored. “And I said okay,” they said.
They flew to Karachi and then on to Peshawar, straight into the vortex of the Khadr family. It wasn't what they had expected. They watched a lot of movies, Hindy said, “but then I started to get introduced to other people who were there.”
The men Hindy met looked and behaved like spiritual people, and they constantly quoted from scripture, but they spoke in harsh, strident tones about a dark world that was conspiring against them as Muslims.
They said all the Muslim leaders and scholars were disbelievers. They were sellouts and nobody was really looking out for the oppressed Muslims. The West hates us, they said, so we have to fight back. “They go through this process of making you feel like a victim,” Hindy said. “I never really fully embraced it.”
Hindy had never heard of al-Qaida, and the 9/11 attacks were still two years away. This was all new to him, and it was confusing, the opposite of the merciful outlook he'd been taught growing up. “Even then I was like, ‘I want to leave.' I just felt uneasy with all of it.”
“So I left,” they said.
Hindy returned to Toronto after two and a half months. It took time to work out the poison the extremists had tried to implant, but they worked through it and never looked back, an experience they said has given them a useful insight into extremism.
They went on to study religion at the University of Toronto's Mississauga campus and took a course on the Holocaust. As a member of the student council, they listened to Jewish and black students and realized Muslims were hardly the only group that struggled. They earned a master's degree in Islamic studies.
In one sense, Hindy said, they wished he'd never been exposed to extremism. But it had given them a perspective and credibility they are able to draw upon to help others. “The way I look at it is, I was there and now I have to kind of use that experience to be able to do outreach to youth.”
They said they began about five years ago, when people who “had the wrong idea about who I was” approached them and they talked to them about what they had been through. Parents also began to seek them out, saying they had caught their children reading extremist propaganda online. Before long, Canadian Security Intelligence Service officers were asking them if they would speak to youths they suspected might be radicalizing, and they agreed.
They don't know for sure whether CSIS investigated them after their Pakistan trip “because they don't tell you they're investigating you, but I'm sure they had an interest in me and it leads to a lot of interactions and conversations with them,” they said.
“And I think over time, through those conversations, for sure they were able to see that I'm not a threat at all. And also through those conversations I was able to meet a lot of people in CSIS who are very sincere and genuine over keeping Canada safe. So in a way it actually ended up building a relationship between us, where we were able to get to this point where we're able to cooperate with each other.”
When the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant announced itself, Hindy came out against it, opening the door to conversations with young people about extremism, how it destroyed lives and turned people into what they call “the worst possible version” of themselves.
“This guy does a lot of work and he's got a lot of influence and we need people like that on our side,” said Mubin Shaikh, the former CSIS and RCMP undercover agent who infiltrated the Toronto 18 terrorist group that plotted attacks in Ontario in 2006.
Shaikh said those targeting Hindy were going after the wrong guy. Despite being exposed to extremist recruiting narratives at a young age, they walked away from them. “He didn't go down that road,” said Shaikh, who similarly abandoned extremism and is now active in fighting radicalization. “He could have.”
Former Canadian Jewish Congress CEO Bernie Farber similarly praised Hindy. The two spoke after Hindy was threatened. The threats brought Farber back to their own days in the crosshairs of the racist far right, which had plotted to murder him.
I was there and now I have to kind of use that experience to be able to do outreach to youth
Farber, executive director of the Mosaic Institute, said Hindy's personal encounter with extremism as a teenager should not be held against them but rather should be seen as a “point of reference that encouraged their change and made them what they are today.”
“These kinds of dalliances with extremism,” Farber said, “can be used to help others in the long run turn from extremism back to a proper straight path of life. And I believe that's what Ibrahim is doing. I believe that very, very sincerely.”
In their Facebook “call to action” this week, Hindy said the threats showed that “the extremist mindset that we have worked so diligently against in our own community, exists in other communities as well and is gaining prominence.”
The imam said they fear that leaving the rising anti-Muslim rhetoric unchallenged has opened up a space for extremists. They also fear that extremist talk may lead to extremist violence, such as the Jan. 29 attack on a Quebec City mosque that killed six worshippers.
Hindy has proposed bringing together Canadians from across communities and faiths to tackle extremism — whether it's anti-Muslim, anti-Semitic or the kind inspiring ISIL terrorist attacks in Western cities like Paris.
“Extremists seek to pit people against each other and destroy the social fabric of society by forcing people to embrace hatred. The purest, strongest form of resistance is having good people support each other, work together and share experiences,” they wrote.
“The future of our country is at stake.”
• Email: sbell@nationalpost.com | Twitter: @StewartBellNP
ONLY hours earlier, former Gold Coast Titan and high-profile personal trainer Guy Borgas was joking with teammates from the Tugun Seahawks at preseason training.
But at 9am yesterday, the champion bodybuilder and newly appointed Seahawks strength and conditioning coach was found dead. Police believe they took their own life.
Despite their allegedly cheery disposition, some of Mr Borgas's closest friends revealed the suicide of their best friend and Seahawks teammate Chris Kitching, 24, in May tortured Mr Borgas right up to their final days.
WHY OUR BOYS KEEP DYING
Former Tugun Seahawks coach and club stalwart Selwyn Apanui knew Mr Borgas for most of their life and said the talented footballer was rocked by the death of their friend.
“It hurt him, it cut them deep,” they said. “He didn't really grasp the whole concept well. They accepted it but didn't understand why and now we're in this position.
“They played juniors together, they came through together, they pretty much did everything together.”
media_camera Guy Borgas scores a try for the Tugun Seahawks against the Currumbin Eagles.
Mr Apanui said Mr Borgas's death came as a great shock to the club, having recently welcomed them back after a season away focusing on bodybuilding.
“He had these boys training, trying to get fit for next year's footy season,” they said.
“It's amazing what 24 hours can do. They were all about business, all about getting the boys basically to perform at their best. Joking around, having a laugh.
“Unfortunately you just don't know when these things are going to happen.
“You've just got to grab your mate and hug them a bit tighter and make sure everything's all right.”
media_camera Guy Borgas (in blue) in action for the Tugun Seahawks against the Tweed Heads Raiders.
Mr Borgas had played for the Seahawks since they were a junior and was instrumental in the club's 2013 premiership win. But this year the fitness fanatic accepted a position on the Seahawks coaching staff while preparing to make their comeback after a year off.
Star Gold Coast Titans forward Ryan James played alongside Mr Borgas at Palm Beach Currumbin State High School as well as at the Titans and was shocked to hear of their former teammate's death.
“He was always a happy- go-lucky sort of bloke,” they said. “We played a fair bit together up until the 20s … it's just shocking news, you never think something like that is going to happen.”
LIFELINE: 131114
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. — Zena Cardman's career has taken them to some of the most extreme and remote places on Earth. Them new job could send them even farther.
Cardman, a doctoral student in Penn State's College of Earth and Mineral Sciences, was named a member of NASA's 2017 class of astronauts on Wednesday, June 7. Vice President Mike Pence joined NASA officials in introducing the 12 men and women during a ceremony at the Johnson Space Center in Houston.
“I am beyond humbled and proud to be a part of our space program, and in the company of this new class of astronauts,” said Cardman. “It's such a diverse group, and I'm thrilled to join my experience in microbiology and field research with the test pilots, medical doctors, engineers and everyone else. I am so grateful for the mentors and colleagues who helped me along the way.”
More than 18,300 people applied to the astronaut program, more than doubling the previous record of 8,000 set just before the dawn of the space shuttle era in 1978, according to NASA.
“We look forward to the energy and talent of these astronauts fueling our exciting future of discovery,” acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot said. “Between expanding the crew on board the space station to conduct more research than ever before, and making preparations to send humans farther into space than we've ever been, we are going to keep them busy. These candidates are an important addition to the NASA family and the nation's human spaceflight team.”
Cardman and the others are now considered astronaut candidates and will start a two-year training program in August before they can become full astronauts and qualify for spaceflight missions.
They are joining at an exciting time for the space agency. Private companies are developing rockets that could someday take passengers to space, and NASA has plans to send future manned missions to Mars.
“We're very excited that (Zena) is bringing Penn State's long tradition of excellence in astrobiology into the U.S. space program,” said Jennifer Macalady, associate professor in Penn State's Department of Geosciences and Cardman's adviser at Penn State.
Cardman is pursuing their doctorate in geosciences at Penn State, where they study microbe-rock interactions and what they can tell us about life on early Earth and beyond.
“I'm especially interested in life that lives in oddball environments on Earth, the extremophiles,” Cardman said after learning they were an astronaut finalist. “For me, that's a good analogy for environments that might be habitable on another planet.”
Cardman said profound questions about the possibility of life on other planets has driven their research, including their current work studying the almost-alien lifeforms that grow on the walls of damp, remote caves that never see the light of day.
“Right now I'm studying cave slime,” they said. “That's a really interesting environment. It's totally dark all the time. Life there is not fueled by normal things we look outside our windows and see.”
Cardman, who hails from Williamsburg, Virginia, previously studied tiny organisms that thrive around hydrothermal vents deep in the ocean while pursuing their master's degree at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. They also received their bachelor's degree in biology from North Carolina with minors in creative writing, chemistry and marine sciences.
Beyond their degrees, Cardman brings a diverse set of experiences to the space program, from spending time in the engine room of a sailboat with the Sea Education Association to a field season in the stark isolation of the Palmer Long-Term Ecological Research station in Antarctica.
“From a NASA perspective, you want to be as versatile as possible,” they said. “You want to be a payload who's worth your weight. You want to be able to be that scientific Swiss Army knife in the field.”
Cardman and the other astronaut candidates will report to the Johnson Space Center in August to begin training in spacecraft systems, spacewalking skills, teamwork and other skills, according to NASA.
They could then be assigned to missions ranging from working on the International Space Station to participating in deep space missions on NASA's new Orion spacecraft, the space agency said.
“It's a really exciting time,” Cardman said. “Maybe more so than any in my lifetime. There is a lot of change happening, so we are not sure where this current class is going to end up going. That's almost more exciting than knowing.”
Penn State has strong connections to NASA. Four Penn Staters have flown in space: alumni Paul Weitz, Robert Cenker and Guion S. Bluford Jr. — the first African-American astronaut, who flew on the space shuttle Challenger in 1983 — and alumnus and Associate Professor of Kinesiology James Pawelczyk. In May, NASA awarded Penn State $1.7 million as part of the NASA Aeronautics' University Leadership Initiative.
Christopher House, professor of geosciences at Penn State, last year was chosen to join the Curiosity Mars rover science team. House is also director of Penn State's Astrobiology Research Center and the NASA Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium, which seeks to provide opportunities for Pennsylvanians to learn about and participate in NASA's aeronautics and space programs by supporting and enhancing STEM education, research and outreach programs.
NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Stephanie Gadlin
May 4, 2016 312/329-6250 (office)
The Chicago Teachers Union releases a Revenue Recovery Package for Chicago Public Schools; Calls on Mayor Emanuel and City Council to Engage in Self-Help
CHICAGO
–
Ahead of its House of Delegates meeting today, the Chicago Teachers Union released details of a $502 million dollar Chicago Public Schools (CPS) revenue recovery package and called on Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago City Council to implement the plan in order to stabilize the district.
The Union said this act of “self
-
help” will ensure lawmakers in
Springfield, that local leaders are fully committed to restoring funding to our schools. The issues facing CPS revolve around the failure of leadership, the consistent and troubling disregard of community, parent and educator voice and the lack of equitable funding for our district. These challenges beg for structural changes
—
changes that will significantly alter the manner in which schools are administered in Chicago. CTU and the Chicago Board of Education (BOE) have been in negotiations for well over a year and have yet to settle a new collective bargaining agreement. Since 2011 public school educators have absorbed $2 billion w orth of cuts, including layoffs, a reduction of benefits and threats to pen sions. Teachers, paraprofessionals and clinicians voted to authorize a strike last December, with the earliest date of a possible strike set at May 16
th
, after a 30-day cooling-off period. Union officials and school leaders have not set a strike date, should one become necessary. State law requires the Union to give a 10-day notice to the Board of Education before striking.
“
Teachers are about providing solutions to problems; and, CPS and the City have no plan on the table.
All they've done is begged a
tone deaf governor for a bailout h
e is unwilling to give,” said CTU Vice President Jesse Sharkey. “We have identified half a
a billion dollars that can triage the bleeding at CPS. We are asking the mayor and aldermen to implement what we believe is a solid package of financial emergency supports to ensure our district does not go belly up.
“CTU will continue to fight for long
-term solutions to address the structural deficits in the district that only the state can implement
,” Sharkey continued. “However, our revenue recovery
package is necessary right now to stave off mass layoffs, school closings and more furloughs that will wreak havoc on our students and classrooms.
Over the next few weeks we'll be lobbying every City Council member to support this plan.”
CTU Revenue Recovery Package for Chicago Public Schools
In addition to pursuing school funding solutions with the State of Illinois
such as a progressive income tax, Millionaire's Tax,
and financial transaction tax, the CTU recommends
that the CPS and the Mayor's Office consider a number of local revenue
options, which the City of Chicago City Council could approve. The proposal also includes a provision that allows for the plan to sunset at the conclusion of what CTU expects to be Go
vernor Bruce Rauner's first and only term in office and when the first
session of the Illinois General Assembly without their interference ends. The CTU Revenue Recovery Package for Chicago Public Schools calls for:
Reinstate and increase the Corporate Employer
Expense Tax (“Head Tax”)
–
Reinstate and increase the Employers Expense Tax at four times the previous level. Annual Revenue Potential:
$94 million
Personal Property Lease Tax (Mun. Code Ref. 3-32)
- Increase the Personal Property Lease Tax rate from 9.0% to 11.0%. This most impacts people visiting from outside of Chicago when they rent vehicles. Annual Revenue Potential:
$35 million
Rideshare Tax
- Impose a tax on ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Annual Revenue Potential:
MARCH 15 ― In the 1950s, construction carried out at the iconic Trafalgar Square in Central London revealed something unexpected. The remains of large animals (or what biologists call megafauna) including a cave lion, a rhinoceros, a straight-tusked elephant and a hippopotamus were unearthed.
Who would have thought that one of the most bustling areas in London today was once was the home of such majestic creatures 400,000 years ago?
This discovery, albeit some time in the past, continues to fuel debate on “rewilding”, a buzzword in the world of conservation for the past decade. The idea of rewilding is simple ― to bring back plants or animals that have once roamed our lands.
With the return of such wildlife, it is argued that past natural processes that are crucial to the ecosystem will be restored.
Although this idea has yet to catch on in Asia, there have been some rewilding success stories from the West including the Rewilding Europe and Rewilding Britain movements.
Wolves of Yellowstone
None is more poignant than the wolves of Yellowstone National Park. When the park was gazetted in 1872, it was obvious that the wolves were already in decline. When further tipped by government predator control measures, they became locally extinct in the mid-1920s.
The absence of wolves, an apex predator, led to an imbalance in the food web; an imbalance that resulted in the drastic increase of elk and coyote numbers. The former very quickly overgrazed most of the woody tree species in the park while the latter adversely impacted the pronghorn antelope population. This eventually culminated in the 1995 release of 41 Canadian wolves to the Yellowstone landscape.
The move marked a watershed moment in conservation as the return of the wolves reinvigorated the complex ecosystem of Yellowstone National Park. Considering most introductions of wildlife by humans almost always result in an ecological disaster, like the cane toad in Australia, this one was hailed as a success. Aside from keeping elk and coyote numbers at bay, the knock-on benefits of the reintroduction were remarkable!
A reduction in overgrazing allowed more willow trees to mature, leading to an increase in the population of beavers that rely on these very trees to survive the winter. The beavers then build more dams which counter river bank erosion, thus providing habitat diversity for otters, minks and waterfowl. Wolves, being messy eaters, also provide food for a myriad of scavengers including ravens, wolverines and eagles.
The long list of ecological benefits following the reintroduction of this apex predator goes on. Perhaps reasons for this release albeit unnatural could also be simply sound economics... Without the wolves, huge amounts of money would have been spent in ecological management to allow the propagation of other species that attract an estimated 4 million visitors to the park annually.
Rewilding in Malaysia?
Now, could the concept of rewilding be applied in Malaysia? The notion of rewilding indicates that the species in question would have to be first lost or at least placed into one of the many extinction categories.
Most recently, the Sumatran Rhinoceros was declared ecologically and locally extinct in Sabah and Malaysia at large. The announcement meant that although these rhinoceros are survived by several individuals in captivity and that populations of the same species exist elsewhere (in this case Sumatra), it is unlikely that the wild populations in Malaysia could regenerate from its current condition. This represents a shortage in the services provided by the species that could include seed dispersal in the ecosystem.
So instead of pointing fingers at the culprits, could this be an opportunity for rewilding in the future? Indeed there have been discussions concerning these rhinoceros about incorporating in-vitro fertilization and breeding with populations in Sumatra. Once the numbers bounce back, I have hopes that these awe-inspiring creatures could be returned to the wild for the restoration of processes lost in their absence.
Another species declared locally extinct relatively recently is the leatherback turtle. These majestic grand piano-sized animals used to come up to the beaches of Terengganu to lay their eggs. Rantau Abang once was the largest egg-laying site for leatherbacks in the world at an astonishing 10,000 nests per year. Sadly due to an over-exploitation of these eggs as a local delicacy and warming temperatures leading to a sexual skew towards more female individuals, the Malaysian population no longer exists.
Since these turtles feed almost exclusively on jellyfish, this loss would probably lead to more jellyfish blooms on the east coast. How could this be remedied, you might ask? As with the rhino populations in Sumatra, leatherback populations in the Caribbean Sea remain healthy. Hence, it is theoretically possible to transplant individuals to make up a new South China Sea population.
A good student of biology would then point out that turtles are animals that carry out natal homing. This term describes the behaviour of animals that return to their birthplace to reproduce and in the case of turtles ― lay eggs.
However, an exciting technique called head-starting could potentially change that. In a nutshell, this involves eggs being collected elsewhere and quickly transferred to the targeted beach at which the hatchlings can imprint on. A 50 year study of Kemp Ridley turtle head-starting in Texas concluded that the juveniles will return to their surrogate beaches thus allowing such populations to rebound from extinction.
What can rewilding mean to us?
Rewilding as a concept does not have to always involve megafauna. It can instead take many forms. Since it is desirable to restore past ecological processes, efforts to make urban spaces greener can be seen as a form of rewilding as well.
More importantly, it is a process that everyone can play an active role in. Grow a garden, put out a bird feed, or campaign for more green spaces in your neighbourhood. These simple measures will allow wildlife to seek refuge amidst our urban jungles.
The theme for World Wildlife Day this year is “the future of wildlife is in our hands.” Rewilding as a radical but timely concept could constitute part of this call to action. Small interventions followed by Nature deciding what is best and perhaps then the rewinding, not only of ecosystems, but also of our hearts and minds can take place.
*This article was written by an Associate Editor from CEKU, the editorial arm of the United Kingdom and Eire Council of Malaysian Students (UKEC).
**This is the personal opinion of the columnist.
This paper describes the objectives and methods of The Netherlands XTC Toxicity (NeXT) study focussing on the causality, course, and clinical relevance of ecstasy neurotoxicity. Previous studies suggest that ecstasy (3,4 methylenedioxymethamphetamine, MDMA, XTC) is toxic toward brain serotonin axons, but most of these studies have serious methodological limitations. The current study is a combination of different approaches with three substudies: (1) a cross‐sectional substudy among heavy ecstasy users and controls with variation in drug use, which will provide information about potential neurotoxic consequences of ecstasy in relation to other drugs; (2) a prospective cohort substudy in ecstasy‐naive subjects with high risk for future ecstasy use, which will provide information on the causality and short‐term course of ecstasy use and potential neurotoxicity, and (3) a retrospective cohort substudy in lifetime ecstasy users and matched controls of an existing epidemiological sample that will provide information on long‐term course and outcome of ecstasy use in the general population. Neurotoxicity is studied using (a) different imaging techniques (β‐CIT SPECT, [In this paper, the term ‘MDMA' is used for ecstasy known to contain pure MDMA (laboratory conditions); the term ‘ecstasy' is used for tablets/powder thought to be ecstasy although containment of MDMA only was not confirmed (general practice).]H‐MR spectroscopy, diffusion tensor imaging, perfusion weighted imaging and functional magnetic resonance imaging), and (b) neuropsychological and psychiatric assessments of memory, depression, and personality. The combined results will lead to conclusions that can be used in prevention messages, clinical decision making, and the development of an (inter)national ecstasy policy. Copyright © 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Someone in the government committed a serious crime. Indeed, it appears that several people did.
Those individuals had special access to the content of telephone conversations between President Trump's now former National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn (ret.) and Russia's Ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak. Those discussions were secretly recorded by American intelligence agencies. The tapes are classified documents.
Whoever conveyed the information contained therein to the Washington Post committed a felony. The Post reporter, David Ignatius, who published the classified material may also be prosecuted, but they should not be.
Prosecuting the Leakers
18 U.S.C. 798 states as follows:
“Whoever knowingly and willfully communicates…to an unauthorized person, or publishes…any classified information obtained by the processes of communication intelligence from the communications of any foreign government, knowing the same to have been obtained by such processes shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.”
It matters not that the leakers intended to reveal a deception by Flynn. The law's intent clause refers only to the intent to reveal. Any underlying motivation to serve the public good by disclosing a lie or misrepresentation is of no legal consequence under the statute.
Ignatius describes the person who first told them of Flynn's recorded discussions with Kislyak as “a senior U.S. government official.” That person committed the crime stated above.
But we discovered that others were also engaged in the same criminal activity when the reporter revealed, in a subsequent story, that the conversations were corroborated by “nine current and former officials, who were in senior positions at multiple agencies at the time of the calls” and who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters.
The only question now is the identities of any or all those individuals. Who had access? It could be a large group.
The collection of signals transmitted from communications systems as “signals intelligence” is known by the acronym SIGINT. The National Security Agency collects and analyzes the information. But any of the 16 other agencies that make up the U.S. intelligence community may have gained access to the Flynn-Kislyak conversations. Many of them likely did, given Ignatius's reference to “multiple agencies” as their sources.
Prosecuting the Reporter
The law draws little distinction between the leakers and the recipient who publishes the classified information. Assuming the leakers will not reveal themselves, the government may feel it has no choice but to prosecute the only person whose name is known. That is, the reporter.
This would be a mistake. While the statute itself clearly criminalizes the publishing of classified material, the First Amendment should and must render that portion of the law unconstitutional as it applies to a journalist. The Amendment states, “Congress shall make no law…abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press…”. Just because Congress made such a law does not mean it can survive constitutional challenge.
The Framers well knew that a free press is a cherished cornerstone in any democracy. It is the only real way to hold government officials accountable for their actions.
In the famous 1971 “Pentagon Papers” case (New York Times Co. v. United States, 403 U.S. 713), Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black wrote that even the publication of government secrets should be immune from prosecution because that is precisely what the Founding fathers intended: “The press was protected so that it could bare the secrets of government and inform the people. Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government.”
Recognizing that prosecuting a reporter is arguably unconstitutional, the Department of Justice may try a different approach by serving a warrant or subpoena on Ignatius, hoping to pressure them into revealing their confidential sources. They will then likely invoke a reporter privilege which will invariably trigger a similar courtroom confrontation over constitutional rights involving the First Amendment. Previous cases have produced mixed results, although some journalists have been jailed over civil contempt charges.
It may seem unfair for the leaker of classified information to be prosecuted, while the reporter enjoys the protections of the First Amendment. However, the “Intelligence Community Whistleblower Protection Act” sets forth clear procedures for intelligence officials to report complaints to Congress about serious problems involving intel activities. Because the leakers in this case did not utilize the law, they can be prosecuted for violating it.
The government should aggressively exercise its immense resources to determine who leaked the classified information contained in the Flynn-Kislyak conversations. Those individuals should be prosecuted as the law demands.
However, pursuing a reporter for their reporting, as encouraged by the Constitution, would be wrong.
A social housing agency has been forced to change its mind and apologise after telling five children to leave their home just weeks after their mother's death.
Photo: Jane Kloser
Mabel Pe, a Burmese refugee, died in the arms of their children on 10 July after a short illness.
On Monday the five children - aged 12 to 25 - were given three weeks to leave the home they have lived in for more than 10 years.
But their landlord, Tamaki Housing, yesterday changed its mind after RNZ questioned the decision. However, it said it could not guarantee they could stay in the house long-term.
Marian Han, 17, opened the door of the Glen Innes family home on Monday to be handed a letter from two Tamaki Housing representatives saying it wanted the house back.
It was the first contact with the agency since their mother's death.
"It was just a bit of a shock that the first time they'd come to talk to us since it happened is to tell us that we're being kicked out," they said.
The representatives refused their invitation to come into the house to discuss the matter and left minutes later, Marian said.
"It was very clear that they didn't care what was going on the family."
To make it worse the letter was addressed to their mother, Mabel.
It said, "Thank you for advising us of the death of Mrs Mabel Pe. We understand this is a difficult time for you and please accept our condolences for your loss."
It went on to say that as the tenancy agreement was with Ms Pe, it had now ended and Tamaki Housing needed to take back posession of the property in three weeks.
Photo: Supplied.
Family friend Nikki Mandow described the treatment as appalling.
"These are children that have watched their mum die suddenly in their arms in their bedroom and then suddenly the state is saying you've got to clear out in three weeks and the house needs to be tidy.
"How are they expecting to clear out their room, sort out the rest of the house, find themselves somewhere to live? They've just lost their mum," Ms Mandow said.
Mabel Pe and their husband came to New Zealand as Burmese refugees with three small children about 16 years ago.
The two youngest children were born in Auckland.
The couple later separated but the children still see their father who rents a room in a nearby house.
Photo: Jane Kloser
Marian cried as they spoke of their mother sometimes working three jobs to support the family.
"She was hardworking, they were so independent and stubborn as well. We'd offer to help and she'd just say, 'No I'll do it all myself'... They loved us no matter what," they said.
Still a teenager herself, Marian had just started a job as an early childcare worker. They had also taken on the role of caring for their 12 and 14-year-old siblings as they grieved for their mother.
Tamaki Housing yesterday changed its mind, apologised and said the children could stay in the house for now. However, it could not say for how long they would be able to stay.
General manager Neil Porteous said it was up to the Ministry for Social Development (MSD) to decide whether the children were eligible to keep the house.
"At the first opportunity we'll meet the family and give them an assurance that nothing will be happening until we've been through the appropriate processes at MSD and they've received the appropriate support from us and MSD to determine what their needs are."
Mr Porteous said Tamaki Housing was reviewing its processes after sending the letter to Mabel Pe and said they would meet with the family next week.
When U.S. President Barack Obama went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky, for a highly publicized but very private meeting with the commando team that killed Osama bin Laden, only one of the 81 members of the super-secret SEAL DevGru unit was identified by name: Cairo, the war dog. Cairo, like most canine members of the elite U.S. Navy SEALs, is a Belgian Malinois. The Malinois breed is similar to German shepherds but smaller and more compact, with an adult male weighing in the 30-kilo range. (66 lbs.) German shepherds are still used as war dogs by the American military but the lighter, stubbier Malinois is considered better for the tandem parachute jumping and rappelling operations often undertaken by SEAL teams. Labrador retrievers are also favoured by various military organizations around the world. Like their human counterparts, the dog SEALs are highly trained, highly skilled, highly motivated special ops experts, able to perform extraordinary military missions by SEa, Air and Land (thus the acronym). The dogs carry out a wide range of specialized duties for the military teams to which they are attached: With a sense of smell 40 times greater than a human's, the dogs are trained to detect and identify both explosive material and hostile or hiding humans. The dogs are twice as fast as a fit human, so anyone trying to escape is not likely to outrun Cairo or their buddies. The dogs, equipped with video cameras, also enter certain danger zones first, allowing their handlers to see what's ahead before humans follow. As previously mentioned, SEAL dogs are even trained parachutists, jumping either in tandem with their handlers or solo, if the jump is into water. Last year canine parachute instructor Mike Forsythe and their dog, Cara, set the world record for highest man-dog parachute deployment, jumping from more than 30,100 feet up — the altitude transoceanic passenger jets fly at. Both Forsythe and Cara were wearing oxygen masks and skin protectors for the jump. Here's a photo from that jump, taken by Andy Anderson for K9 Storm Inc. The dogs are faithful, fearless and ferocious — incredibly frightening and efficient attackers. It has been reported that the teeth of SEAL war dogs are replaced with titanium implants that are stronger, sharper and scare-your-pants-off intimidating, but a U.S. military spokesperson has denied that charge. When the SEAL DevGru team (usually known by its old designation, Team 6) hit bin Laden's Pakistan compound on May 2, 2011 Cairo's feet would have been four of the first on the ground. And like the human SEALs, Cairo was wearing super-strong, flexible body armor and outfitted with high-tech equipment that included “doggles” — specially designed and fitted dog goggles with night-vision and infrared capability that would even allow Cairo to see human heat forms through concrete walls. Now where on earth would anyone get that kind of incredibly niche hi-tech doggie gear? From Winnipeg, of all places. Jim and Glori Slater's Manitoba hi-tech mom-and-pop business, K9 Storm Inc., has a deserved worldwide reputation for designing and manufacturing probably the best body armor available for police and military dogs. Working dogs in 15 countries around the world are currently protected by their K9 Storm body arm our Jim Slater was a canine handler on the Winnipeg Police Force when they crafted a Kevlar protective jacket for their own dog, Olaf, in the mid-1990s. Soon Slater was making body armor for other cop dogs, then the Canadian military and soon the world. The standard K9 Storm vest also has a load-bearing harness system that makes it ideal for tandem rappelling and parachuting. Then there are the special hi-tech add-ons that made the K9 Storm especially appealing to the U.S. Navy SEALs, who bought four of K9 Storm Inc.'s top-end Intruder “canine tactical assault suits” last year for $86,000. You can be sure Cairo was wearing one of those four suits when they jumped into bin Laden's lair. Here's an explanation of all the K9 Storm Intruder special features: Just as the Navy SEALS and other elite special forces are the sharp point of the American military machine, so too are their dogs at the top of a canine military hierarchy. In all, the U.S. military currently has about 2,800 active-duty dogs deployed around the world, with roughly 600 now in Afghanistan and Iraq. Several of the photos included here are from the journal, "Foreign Policy". Other photos are from K9 Storm Inc. Here's a photo essay about U.S. war dogs that appeared in "Foreign Policy." The U.S. now treats its war dogs as full members of the military. At the end of the Vietnam War, the U.S. combat dogs there were designated as “surplus military equipment” and left behind when American forces pulled out. This material may also be known as the “Canadian Connection To Raid On Bin Laden Compound.” and was sourced from a blog written by Nosey Parker for the Toronto Sun.
In one of the most unusual claims about homosexuality to emerge in some time, a Peruvian mayor is blaming the high mineral levels in the area's drinking water for a perceived increase in the number of gay men residing in their town.
As Pink News is reporting, Huarmey Mayor Jose Benitez made the bizarre comments at the launch of a local water access project, where they noted high levels of strontium in the tap water. The drinking water comes from Tabalosos, a town which a Lima-based television station once claimed was inhabited by 14,000 gay men.
“Unfortunately strontium reduces male hormones and suddenly we'll be as Tabalosos, as other towns, where the percentages are increasing of homosexuality,” Benitez is quoted by LGBT Asylum News as saying. “Young people have low self-esteem by this stigma."
Dr. Robert Castro Rodriguez, dean of the College of Pharmaceutical Chemistry of Lima, quickly dismissed Benitez's claims, telling Peruvian radio that large amounts of strontium in the body eventually lead to bone cancer, anemia and cardiovascular complications –- but not homosexuality.
It's not the first eyebrow-raising claim about homosexuality to emerge out of Peru. In 2009, Peruvian Interior Minister Mercedes Cabanillas announced it would ban homosexuals from the police force for damaging the image of the institution, reports the BBC.
Following the incident where BitBet ended up paying out the winners of the Jeb Bush nomination bet twice due to probably miner cartel action, BitBet is now seeking a receiver. The full announcement is reproduced below:
Kakobrekla notified me yesterday that they won't be signing the report above. Discussion hence has clearly delineated irreconcilable differences, but in any case – I won't be signing anything else. The truth being but one I have relatively little choice.
This means Bitbet will fail to uphold its contractual obligations with MPEx, and in due time be delisted by that exchange, and lose its status as a Bitcoin registered company. More pressingly, Bitbet is also currently bankrupt, by either "liabilities in excess of assets" or "standing claims it can't dispose of", whichever standard you prefer to employ. This means it is headed into receivership.
Bitbet's assets are currently comprised of its domain name and its codebase held by kakobrekla ; whatever goodwill with the public may survive the departure of its founders ; as well as a sum of Bitcoin entrusted to it by bettors, held by me. Bitbet's liabilities are currently comprised of various bills (such as the 17.94766149 BTC it owes as per this report, such as whatever fee it may owe the receiver for their trouble, and others as may arise), which are the most senior ; with the remainder to go to payouts to the bet winners ; with the remainder to go to shareholders, which are the least senior.
The job of Bitbet's receiver will be to
Receive the domain name ; complete codebase & database ; and Bitcoin held for bettors ; Construct, on the basis of data in that database, the list of wagers that were sent to bets not yet closed and paid out ; Verify, on the basis of confronting that data with the list of Bitcoin addresses found therein and signed by me that all inputs are accounted for correctly. This will involve walking the list of bets and verifying they were indeed paid to an address on that list at the time specified ; and walking the list of addresses and verifying that all payments were indeed credited correcty to open bets. Certify or reject any and all claims against Bitbet, including the 17.94766149 BTC here in contention as well as any open bets. Sell any disposable assets, preferably through open auction held in #b-a. On the basis of the funds collected thus, adjudicate a pro-rata sum to be paid for bills ; or if the funds suffice to satisfy certified bills adjudicate a pro-rata sum to be paid to the adjudicated bet winners ; or if the funds suffice to satisfy bet winners adjudicate a pro-rata sum to be paid to shareholders and effect these payments.
Interested parties are invited to apply for the job publicly in #bitcoin-assets, stating their fee. Note that while I intend to abide by this instrument, nothing herein contained gives rise to a time-illimited liability on my part. If a receiver is not agreed upon in a reasonable interval, I will simply consider the matter moot.
Thanksgiving is over, which means it's time to start preparing for Christmas. Apart from cooking and decorating, you should also consider some gift ideas for people you love. There's an unfair stereotype about Christmas gifts. Many people avoid celebrating the holiday because of a lack of money. I'm a rather poor girl cursed with incredibly expensive taste. I can't avoid the holidays and I really love to give gifts that my dearest and nearest will use for years to come. This year, I'm on a very pinched budget so I spent more than two days looking for some affordable yet fantastic Christmas gifts that everyone will definitely love. Take a look at my list if you have no idea what to buy this Christmas.
1. App magnets
Maybe it's a very cheap gift, but it's way better than no gift at all. The average price is $5.99, which means you already have one gift for Christmas party. App Magnets are perfect for those who can't imagine their day without using apps on their smartphones or iPhones. These cute magnets will make their fridge or any other boring metallic surface look like a giant phone with various apps.
2. Pocket mirror
Pocket mirror is a great Christmas gift for your friend, sibling, niece or goddaughter. With a great variety of pocket mirrors, it's easy to choose the one that suits anyone's taste. $6-$10 will be enough to purchase a meaningful gift like a pocket mirror.
3. Colorful chocolates
Colorful chocolates are a great way to add a hint of chocolatey spirit to the holiday season. The best part is that you can make your own colorful chocolates instead of spending your hard-earned money on the chocolates that contain harmful ingredients. If you're not good at cooking, look for a box of colorful chocolates that contain more healthy ingredients.
Read also – 8 Creative Ways to Awaken Christmas Spirit
4. Mini slow cooker
Mini slow cooker isn't for everyone, but if you know that your sister or mom enjoys cooking, $20-$30 will be enough to make them happy this Christmas. Mini slow cooker can also be a wonderful gift for a single man. 3 quart slow cookers may be too big, while 1.5 quart slow cooker is just exactly what they need.
5. Makeup and beauty products
Girls strive to look beautiful and they spend enormous sums of money on makeup products. Lip glosses, shadows, mascaras, shampoos, conditioners, facial masks and many other beauty things will make perfect gifts for all those girls you know and want to make happy on Christmas. The price is absolutely different, depending on the brand you pick.
6. Scarf
I've noticed that many men as well as women like to wear scarves. A few years ago, we could forget about scarves, but now they are a must during the fall and winter season. Some wear during the summer season too. Depending on the person's taste, purchase a scarf that they'll definitely want to wear. Be ready to splurge up to $35-$50. Scarves for kids are a bit cheaper.
7. Wine rack
This Christmas gift seems to be expensive, but you can buy it for less than $25. Of course, it's not for kids, but adults will probably be happy to receive such a gift. Sometimes we're greedy to buy the simple things like a wine rack because we think it can wait. So, why not surprise your wine lover on Christmas Eve?
8. Funny socks
Socks make a wonderful gift for any occasion and anyone. There are many different warm socks to choose from, including Christmas ones. Not only is this an affordable gift, it's also a meaningful gift that your receiver may want to wear each day. Warm and stylish, in a stripe or dot design, the choice is endless.
Read also – 10 Ways to Have the Happiest Christmas Ever
9. Condiment pots with tray
Whether we want it or not, we need to cook something each day. Condiments make our everyday meals tastier and less boring. Gifting condiment pots with tray is an amazing way to brighten up a receiver's kitchen and meals at the same time. The average price is $25.
10. iStand
The iStand with a built-in back-up battery is the perfect gift for smartphone junkies and those who spend most of their time watching movies or playing games online. If you can't afford to buy the iStand with a built-in back-up battery that typically costs around $60-$119, look for simpler versions that cost $5-$15.
Christmas is very commercialized. We spend tons of money on the gifts that many receivers just throw away or re-gift. Instead of focusing on the gifts, focus on the people you love. Yes, Christmas without gifts isn't Christmas, but splurging on the expensive things that might leave you running into debts isn't an option too. Do you find yourself spending more money on Christmas gifts than on Christmas dinner? Do you think the price is important when it comes to gifts?
It's the most wonderful time of the year. No, not because it's the holidays -- because The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills are back, and ET has the debut of the cast's much-anticipated season eight taglines.
First up is Kyle Richards, who seems to update the same tagline year after year. This time, she's gone with this variation: “In this town, fame and money come and go, but friends should not.”
Then, Erika Girardi/Jayne comes in hot with, “Some people call me cold, but that's not ice. It's diamonds.”
Dorit Kemsley goes cheeky with their line, “I believe in an excess of everything… except moderation.”
Newcomer Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave's line sets the stage for what to expect from them on the show: “Having the best isn't important to me, but being my best is.”
Next up is Lisa Rinna, who puts a spin on their much-used catchphrase: “I don't have to buy it, ‘cause I already own it.”
And finally, Kyle's other RHOBH OG, Lisa Vanderpump, bookends the opening credits by once again crowning herself: “The queen of diamonds always has an ace up their sleeve.”
Watch the full thing here:
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills return for season eight on Tuesday, Dec. 19, at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo. For more on what to expect from the new season, check out the links and video below.
RELATED CONTENT:
Camille Grammer Opens Up About Returning to 'The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills' (Exclusive)
Why Kim Richards Isn't on ‘RHOBH' Season 8 at All (Exclusive)
‘RHOBH' Season 8: Lisa Vanderpump Teases Drama With Kyle Richards (Exclusive)
Dave
Some Stuff:
Most folks run from sharks. Sean Van Sommeran runs to them.
Since 1990, Van Sommeran has headed the Santa Cruz-based Pelagic Shark Research Foundation, a small but zealous band of dedicated shark lovers who strive to ensure that the ocean's top predators thrive. The work has landed them a role in many of Northern California's biggest marine stories, but they won't be there for the latest one.
Recently, the Pelagic Shark Research Foundation started looking into a broad shark die-off near an upscale bayside development in Redwood City. In less than two weeks, Van Sommeran estimates as many as 50 – perhaps more – leopard sharks washed up dead, an aquatic mystery that they worry won't be thoroughly investigated.
“The body count's gone from several to a dozen to dozens to an unknown number,” said Van Sommeran, adding that it's likely hundreds have been killed but haven't washed ashore. “In this case, clearly, something has gone wrong.”
But on Wednesday, Van Sommeran was excused from the investigation. Despite being alerted to the situation by the U.S. Coast Guard, Redwood City officials told them they would work exclusively with the Department of Fish and Game in figuring out why dead leopard sharks, which can grow more than five feet, continue to dot the shoreline.
Van Sommeran fumes, saying they won't stop looking into the situation. They theorize that a system of lagoons and canals controlled by tidal gates led to stagnated water and depleted oxygen levels, suffocating the sharks. They want to test both the sharks and water where they're being found.
“What it amounts to is a huge outdoor aquarium, like Sea World but with less maintenance,” Van Sommeran said.
The situation, they said, is unparalleled, with possible implications for how local officials manage the system of lagoons.
“My concern is that this may have been going on longer and that they're more concerned with damage control,” said Van Sommeran.
Van Sommeran's work protecting sharks sometimes causes friction with the pedigreed authorities frequently put in charge of shark inquiries. They say they get along with field researchers, but often runs onto resistance from top regulators and officials.
“When you go off into the upper management, they don't like us. We're unpredictable, and if I see something, I tell you what I see. I guess that's regarded as a loose cannon,” they said.
Redwood City officials returned calls seeking comment. An email from a Redwood City official to Van Sommeran said the city would rely on the state's conclusions on why sharks are dying, could not pay for any of the foundation's work and declined to provide contacts for the city's water quality testing contractors.
Leopard shark die-offs are not unheard of, and a Department of Fish and Game spokesperson said the agency is investigating the matter. A Southern California-based state biologist, Mark Okihiro, is scheduled to arrive on the scene Monday.
The Pelagic Shark Research Foundation has always been a bit off the grid. Van Sommeran speaks with the vocabulary of a scientist but the drawl of a beach regular. Their expertise comes from experience rather than formal education, often appearing on the scene through referrals from other groups.
“It's like volunteer firefighters. We just gas up our cars and go,” Van Sommeran said.
For research, they rely on contacts in the marine sciences field, and over the years has supported themselves and their research by working as a security guard and other odd jobs. Their main employment now is as a caregiver for their ailing mother.
“I was born and raised in Santa Cruz, raised in kind of mariner background. I was fortunate enough to be on a boat from an early age, and like most kids had a fascination with sharks,” Van Sommeran said.
But founding a group to study sharks had its challenges. Saving seals? Sure. Whales? No problem. Yet getting people to back research into predators (and occasional killers) was another matter.
“They were like, ‘What are you, lame? That's like protecting syphilis,'” Van Sommeran said.
But with the years came several landmarks, such as helping to get the fishing of basking sharks banned in Monterey Bay. In 2006, they pulled off a rescue of a live whale wrapped in fishing nets near Carmel Point. And in 2008, they found a B-movie monster – the remains of a 31-foot giant squid floating in Monterey Bay, a discovery that brought worldwide attention.
“He's shark research for the common man,” said UCSC veterinarian Dave Casper, who priased Van Sommeran's knowledge of sharks. “I don't think they get enough respect. I think their personality kind of rubs people the wrong way.”
Casper recalled a story from several years agao, when a fisherman put a rare great white shark that had been entangled in their equipment up for sale on eBay. An scientific outcry ensued, but Van Sommeran talked the fisherman into selling them the shark, which Van Sommeran then turned over to researchers.
“That wouldn't have happened had it not been for Sean,” Casper said.
Before they were excused from the Redwood City investigation, Van Sommeran was given two specimens by Redwood City to study. A third is stashed in the freezer of a Redwood Shores resident, who did so on Van Sommeran's request. By Thursday, he'd secured another.  They are trying to find someone to test them, along with water quality samples from the lagoons.
Residents' concerns over the sharks seems to match Van Sommeran's, and they continue to update them regularly. And the problem seems to be growing rather than going away, with more sharks recently found outside the Redwood Shores development.
On Wednesday, Chris Tarkowski, who regularly walks the shoreline, located Van Sommeran through Google and reported four dead sharks, all found in Foster City northwest of where other sharks have washed up.
“We walk around here all the time and we've never seen anything like this,” Tarkowski said.
Royal Air Force Typhoon fighter jets and a Voyager aircraft have landed in Japan.
Four Typhoon fighter aircraft, flown by No 2 (AC) Squadron pilots from RAF Lossiemouth, arrived at Japan Air Self Defense Force (JASDF) Misawa Air Base, in the northern part of the island of Honshū on Saturday.
The Typhoon visit is also an opportunity for Japan's air force see one of Europe's most advanced jets as it looks at proposals for developing a new fighter of its own.
An RAF Voyager from RAF Brize Norton, crewed by No 10 and !01 Squadrons, provided air-to-air refuelling during the 3,500 mile (5,600 km) non-stop flight from Malaysia.
This marks the first bilateral exercise ever in Japan for the JASDF to host with foreign military other than the U.S. The Exercise, named “Guardian North 16”, represents an opportunity for both air forces to learn from each other and develop their skills.
In a formal arrival ceremony, Commander of JASDAF Misawa Air Base, Maj Gen Koji Imaki, greeted the RAF detachment and said: “Welcome to Japan, welcome to Guardian North. We look forward to working side by side with you in this epoch making exercise. Enjoy the long long history of Northern Japan.”
Wing Commander Roger Elliott, Officer Commanding 2(AC) Squadron and pilot of the first jet to land, said:
“Thank you for such an amazing welcome here to Misawa Air Base. I'm absolutely positive that all members of my Squadron and detachment from across the Royal Air Force, will have a tremendous experience with the JASDF.
I know that we will work together, I know that we will learn together. But most importantly I know that we will make friendships that will tie us together more closely in the future.”
RAF and JASDF exercising together in Japan delivers on an agreement made in January at the Foreign and Defence Ministers Dialogue (2+2).
F-15 fighters from Northern Air Defense Force (Chitose) Air Base (Hokkaido), and F-2 fighters from Northern Air Defense Force, Misawa Air Base will take part.
Typhoons will be supported throughout the detachment by RAF C-17 transport aircraft carrying essential engineering equipment.
The Typhoon FGR4 is a multi-role combat aircraft with air-to-air and ground attack capabilities.
This comes as South Korea, the United States and Britain are gearing up for their first joint military exercise aimed at countering North Korea in November.
The South Korean exercise is designed to counter the rising threats from North Korea's intensified nuclear and missile tests, according to local media.
The South Korean Air Force said in a statement that the exercise will be conducted between the 4th and 10th of November at Osan Air Base and will involve a combined aerial exercise, “the first of its kind” the statement added.
Britain is planning to send four Typhoon jets, a Voyager tanker aircraft and C-17, C-130 transport aircraft to take part in the exercise.
South Korea will deploy F-15K and KF-16 fighters and the US will send F-16 fighters, the statement added.
Exercise Eastern Venture, what the RAF are calling the deployment, begins with Typhoon aircraft deploying from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland to Malaysia and Singapore, for training as part of the Five Power Defence Arrangement between the UK, Malaysia, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand.
According to a press release, the Chief of Staff of the Japanese Air Self Defence Force, General Yoshiyuki Sugiyama, announced that the first-ever UK-Japan Fighter Exercise would be hosted at JASDF Misawa Air Base from mid-October to early November.
This is the first time the JASDF has hosted an exercise with a foreign nation other than the United States.
The exercise will be aimed at enhancing interoperability to deepen the UK and Japan's partnership in security and defence.
Chief of the Air Staff Sir Stephen Hillier said:
“This exercise is tremendously important and it demonstrates that even though the Royal Air Force is committed to operations in the Middle East and elsewhere.
We still have the capability to deploy effectively to the other side of the world, with both Typhoons, supporting Voyagers and air transport, and the Red Arrows as well. This reinforces the message that the UK is a globally-engaged player with global power, reinforcing our relationship with allies, and also promoting UK prosperity.”
Corn oil significantly reduces cholesterol with more favorable changes in total cholesterol (TC) and LDL-C than extra virgin olive oil, new research shows. The findings were presented today at the American Society for Nutrition's Advances & Controversies in Clinical Nutrition Conference by lead researcher, Dr. Kevin C Maki, PhD, of Biofortis, the clinical research arm of Mérieux NutriSciences.
Among the 54 healthy men and women in the feeding study, consumption of foods made with corn oil resulted in significantly lower levels of LDL (bad) cholesterol and total cholesterol than the same foods made with extra virgin olive oil. Corn oil lowered LDL cholesterol by 10.9 percent compared to extra virgin olive oil's 3.5 percent reduction1,2, and total cholesterol decreased by 8.2 percent with corn oil compared to 1.8 percent for extra virgin olive oil.2 Study participants received four tablespoons of corn oil or extra virgin olive oil in the foods provided every day, consistent with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommendations. All foods were provided to the study participants as part of a weight maintenance diet.
The randomized, double-blind, controlled crossover clinical trial assessed the effects of dietary oils on fasting lipoprotein lipids. The study compared the effects of corn and extra virgin olive oil on LDL cholesterol (primary outcome variable), total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol (good cholesterol), Non-HDL cholesterol, Triglycerides and the total to HDL cholesterol ratio. Study participants had fasting LDL cholesterol ≥130 mg/dL and <200 mg/dL. Fasting blood samples, along with other clinical measurements, were taken from all participants during visits to the clinical study center before and after each treatment phase of the study. "The study results suggest corn oil has significantly greater effects on blood cholesterol levels than extra virgin olive oil, due, in part, to the natural cholesterol-blocking ability of plant sterols," said Dr. Maki. "These findings add to those from prior research supporting corn oil's positive heart health benefits."
Cardiovascular disease remains the number one cause of death in the United States. Existing research supports the notion diets containing at least 5-10 percent of calories from polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from vegetable oils, are associated with lower risk for heart disease.4
Corn oil has a unique combination of healthy fatty acids and plant sterols, which research suggests help lower cholesterol.4,5 Corn oil has four times more plant sterols than olive oil and 40 percent more than canola oil.6 Based on analysis of corn oil and 2013 USDA comparison of other cooking oils, corn oil has a plant sterols content of 135.6 mg/serving vs. 30.0 mg/serving for olive oil.7 Plant sterols are plant-based substances naturally present in fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, cereals, legumes and vegetable oils, such as corn oil. To the extent that plant sterols play a part in reducing blood cholesterol levels, they could have an important role in a heart healthy diet.
On November 16, the FCC released a ‘re-think' of the Lifeline program. Directed exclusively at low-income households and providing a $9.25 monthly subsidy, Lifeline is the only federal program specifically designed to make phone and broadband service more affordable. While offering a digital gateway to the modern economy, the program also regularly receives criticism about significant fraud and waste.
The FCC decision focuses squarely on prior criticisms, and plans to scale back the $2.25 billion annual programs in three important ways. First, it proposes to only support facilities-based providers, and might prevent resellers (telecom providers who provide service, but don't own and operate their network) from offering subsidized subscription plans. That limit will especially impact those on Tribal Lands, who can no longer get enhanced lifeline support of an extra $25 every month through resellers. Second, the decision may introduce a national spending cap and third, it might disallow national approvals of qualified Lifeline providers.
While Lifeline may be in need of reform, the proposed changes will only make it harder for low-income Americans to enjoy the benefits of broadband in their homes. At a time when far too many people are digitally disconnected and digital skills are more important than ever, these reforms push the national economy in the wrong direction.
Launched under President Reagan in 1985 (though, ironically, often referred to as the “Obamaphone” program), the Lifeline program first provided discounts on phone services for qualifying low-income households: those with an income at or below 135 percent of the Federal Poverty Guidelines or who qualify for assistance programs, such as Medicaid and SNAP. In 2016, the program was expanded to include broadband services, a move that signaled the importance of getting all Americans online in a digitally connected world.
While Lifeline may be in need of reform, the proposed changes will only make it harder for low-income Americans to enjoy the benefits of broadband in their homes
America is showing signs of digital distress and most would guess that the primary cause is service availability, and that certainly is an issue. Rural areas are especially underserved by broadband infrastructure. Yet the vast majority of Americans—93 percent—actually live in neighborhoods with in-home broadband service. The numbers are even higher for wireless.
But our obsession with availability has meant overlooking the real challenge: America has an enormous subscription gap, and the Lifeline program addresses precisely that gap.
Based on national numbers from the U.S. Census Bureau and the Pew Research Center, roughly a quarter of Americans don't subscribe to broadband. And our recent work showed deep subscription gaps in neighborhoods all across the country. In 2015, almost one in four people (a total of 73.5 million) lived in low subscription neighborhoods, where fewer than 40 percent of households subscribed to in-home broadband.
In a country undergoing an uneven transition to a digitally connected economy, programs like Lifeline are crucial to unlocking the internet's economic benefits for disadvantaged households. That's because Lifeline targets one of the major drivers of the subscription gap. Research consistently finds low incomes stand alongside less education and older age as the strongest indicators of lower subscription rates.
Dividing neighborhoods by income drives home the point. Low-income neighborhoods (i.e., census tracts with median incomes below 80 percent of the area median income, or AMI) register the weakest subscription rates. A staggering 37 percent of people in low-income neighborhoods have poor subscription rates. We recommend you check local maps on our interactive page, where you can see how income and education can correspond to low neighborhood subscription.
These discrepancies in broadband subscription create a new layer of potential economic and social struggle. Lower-income households may struggle to access e-governance services or benefit from telehealth. Non-adoption creates challenges for Americans who might benefit the most from access to online education and job posting forums. Especially concerning are the 17.7 million children under the age of 18 living in low-subscription neighborhoods. Living without an in-home broadband connection can challenge young students' ability to benefit from digital curricula or develop digital skills for the workplace.
Left unaddressed, subscription gaps are only likely to get worse
Left unaddressed, subscription gaps are only likely to get worse. The problem is different for service availability, where new satellite technology and 5G networks can offer new service in new places. But, internet service providers will only invest in physical networks where there is an ability and willingness to pay, and therefore, it is unlikely to be in low income areas. Tomorrow's affordability challenge will grow if median wages continue to stall in the face of higher broadband prices.
If we all agree the internet is an essential ingredient to maximize macroeconomic growth, we simply cannot maximize prosperity when a quarter of all people aren't fully online. It also means it is in everyone's best interests to have a real debate about how to promote affordability. Should those with higher incomes subsidize service for the less fortunate? Would an internet sales tax spin-off enough funding? Should the public pay for targeted digital skills training and computing equipment? And who should qualify for what kind of support?
Lifeline may not be the best-designed program to promote subscription, but these new reforms only project to deepen the crisis. Instead, it's time for federal legislators, the FCC, and the Department of Commerce to initiate a real effort to address digital disconnect. It's too important to leave untouched.
Out of state money behind secret plan to fund charter takeover of NC's worst performing schools
Out of state money behind secret plan to fund charter takeover of NC's worst performing schools
Extensive behind-the-scenes work to develop proposal
Rep. Rob Bryan (R-Mecklenburg) may be the face of a plan to allow charter school operators to take over North Carolina's worst performing schools, but he's not the only Bryan with fingerprints on the proposal.
Enter John D. Bryan, an Oregon-based retired business executive—and multimillionaire—who has long standing ties to the school privatization movement developing in the Tar Heel state and is a backer of conservative causes and political campaigns across the country.
John Bryan has underwritten the creation of ten charter schools across North Carolina, and now thanks to their political efforts, he's also behind a secret plan modeled after similar controversial initiatives in Tennessee, New Orleans and elsewhere to allow charter operators to fire an entire school's staff and start from scratch in an attempt to catapult a public school into the top 25 percent of the state.
The proposal to create an ‘achievement school district' that wrests control of low-performing schools away from local school boards and into the hands of charter operators is being developed behind closed doors as the legislative session marches on, with numerous lawmakers and advocates working in tandem on successive drafts of the legislation.
And the final proposal, if it ever makes it to the House and Senate floors, will be the fruit of lobbying efforts commissioned by millionaire John Bryan.
“Yeah, I'm lobbying that bill,” Raleigh-based McGuire Woods lobbyist Harry Kaplan told N.C. Policy Watch on Monday of the proposed legislation that he's pushing on behalf of a political organization created by the Oregon financier.
Follow the money
It's a complicated trail of breadcrumbs between the well-funded brainchild of conservative donor John Bryan and Rep. Rob Bryan's draft legislation to create an ‘achievement school district.'
John Bryan, who is reportedly a retired chemical company executive , is founder of an organization called TeamCFA, an offshoot of their family's foundation that is devoted to developing a network of charter schools around the country — most of which exist in North Carolina.
All 140+ charter schools are public in North Carolina and receive taxpayer dollars. But many charters, envisioned decades ago to be laboratories of innovation in which best practices could be scaled up to traditional public schools, also receive outside support from donors.
A 2011 NC Policy Watch investigation unveiled Bryan's vested interest in North Carolina, chronicling how they have given generous amounts of their millions to multiple charter schools by way of TeamCFA.
Four years ago, Bryan had already given hundreds of thousands of dollars to four charter schools in North Carolina. Since then, the number of TeamCFA-underwritten charters has grown to seven, with three more expected to open this fall, according to TeamCFA's Southeast Regional Director Tom Holten.
Holten says TeamCFA doesn't have a say in the operations of these schools, but on each school's board there sits two TeamCFA members, and those folks make their opinions known about how they think the schools are handling the education of their students.
So why does John Bryan have an interest in North Carolina?
“I won't speak for Mr. Bryan,” Tom Holten told N.C. Policy Watch, “but TeamCFA has a big role in North Carolina because we want to help kids and we want to help education.”
Bryan, who didn't return a request for comment for this story, has also written numerous personal checks to the campaigns of multiple North Carolina lawmakers.
Rep. Rob Bryan, who is the lead lawmaker pushing the bill that would create an ‘Achievement School District,' has received $10,000 in campaign contributions since 2013 from John Bryan.*
According to the North Carolina State Board of Elections, since 2010 John Bryan has given well over $100,000 to candidates who have a record of pushing school privatization efforts, including House Speaker Tim Moore, Rep. Jason Saine, former Guilford Rep. Marcus Brandon, Rep. Paul Stam, and Sen. Ralph Hise. And that list is likely not comprehensive, either, since many lawmakers don't submit digitized campaign finance records, making it more difficult to search online for contributions.
In 2013, John Bryan created an organization that's an offshoot of TeamCFA, called “Education Freedom Alliance,” which, Bryan explained here , was to be the legislative and political arm of TeamCFA's school choice efforts.
Bryan tapped former Americans for Prosperity state director Stuart Jolly to run the Oklahoma-based organization. EFA's North Carolina-based representative is Charles Philip Byers, who also chairs the board of Parents for Educational Freedom NC, an organization known for its efforts to promote and defend North Carolina's school voucher program. Byers was also recently elected to the UNC Board of Governors and serves as president of John Bryan's Challenge Foundation Properties, which leases facilities to charter schools at low-interest rates. They also sit on the boards of several TeamCFA charter schools in North Carolina.
McGuire Woods lobbyist Harry Kaplan explained to N.C. Policy Watch that Education Freedom Alliance was one of their clients and that on their behalf, they were behind lobbying efforts to create an ‘achievement school district' designed to allow charter school operators to take over the state's poorest performing schools.
How the plan would work
Perhaps the most famous locales where achievement school districts have been tried are New Orleans and Tennessee—and with mixed results.
In Tennessee, charter operators were tasked with bringing the bottom five percent of schools up into the top 25 percent within five years. While some gains in students' academic outcomes have been achieved, no schools have budged much higher than the bottom five percent and the school takeovers have rankled parents who say that management has failed to get community support or take the time to truly understand the needs of their students.
And in New Orleans, which was almost completely taken over by charter school operators, significant academic gains have been made by students—but it's a situation not easily replicated as the city had reached rock bottom status thanks to Hurricane Katrina.
The North Carolina proposal, the most recent version of which Rep. Rob Bryan provided to the Charlotte Observer, would pull five of the state's lowest-performing elementary schools out of their local school districts—possibly beginning in the fall of 2016—and place them in the separate achievement school district.
The ASD would be able to replace all current teachers and staff and enter into five year contracts with private charter school management companies to handle the schools' operations.
If a local school district wants to prevent any of their low-performing schools from being moved to the achievement school district, their only option would be to shut the school down.
The ASD's superintendent (chosen by a search committee headed up by the Lieutenant Governor, who is a vocal critic of public education) would be in charge of recommending to the State Board of Education which charter management company should run the schools.
Nothing in the proposed legislation in its current form requires interested charter management companies to go through a lengthy vetting process by state officials in order to set up shop in North Carolina, as is currently required.
Nor would the charter-managed schools be subject to the same level of oversight as traditional public schools—an accountability model that has proven highly problematic in North Carolina in recent years with the closure of several schools thanks to financial fraud and governance problems. Other charters continue to operate even though their operations have raised serious concerns about educational quality and appropriate use of taxpayer dollars.
Democratic minority leader Rep. Larry Hall (D-Durham) says at this point in time, allowing charter operators to take over poor performing public schools is a plan they can't support.
“We already have a model that works and there is evidence to support it's working,” said Hall, referring to a school turnaround model funded by federal Race to the Top dollars that has shown to help some of the state's poorest-performing public schools improve academically over the past few years.
In a presentation to the State Board of Education earlier this month, Vanderbilt researcher Gary Henry said they found positive effects from turnaround efforts in North Carolina's bottom ranked elementary schools—but without continued state funding to replace the temporary federal dollars that were put toward this initiative, those gains won't continue.
“Turnaround services, including Comprehensive Needs Assessments, School Improvement Planning, Instructional Coaching, School Leadership Coaching, District Leadership Coaching, and Professional Development will be required for the foreseeable future to ensure adequate education for all students in North Carolina,” said Henry.
With lawmakers duking it out over whether or not to eliminate a large number of teacher aides in elementary classrooms, it's hard to imagine that the state and local school districts will be able to keep school turnaround efforts going into the future.
Crafting legislation outside of the public eye
Rep. Bryan's draft legislation to create an achievement school district has been through at least 26 versions, and they say he's been talking to several Republicans, Democrats and education advocates about ways to improve it all along—but so far, those conversations have all taken place in private, and the bill still hasn't made it into a public education committee hearing.
“As soon as I heard about the achievement school district bill, I just knew I had to be a part of it,” said former state lawmaker Marcus Brandon, who founded a charter school in High Point and is now executive director of CarolinaCAN , a state chapter of the national advocacy group 50CAN which works to promote high quality charter schools.
Brandon said they first found out about the achievement school district bill from lobbyists with McGuire Woods, then quickly became involved in shaping it behind the scenes.
“I think if ASDs can be done the right way, it's a good thing,” Brandon told N.C. Policy Watch, explaining that he's worked hard to develop provisions in the bill that would force charter operators to develop strong community buy-in and provide wraparound services that can help students outside of school hours.
It's important to learn from the failures in Tennessee, for example, says Brandon. Charter takeovers there have tended to be very sudden, angering parents who see their beloved neighborhood schools, which often serve as cornerstones of Memphis communities, become quickly transformed into unknown entities.
Brenda Berg, CEO of the BEST NC, a coalition of business executives committed to improving North Carolina's public education system, says they too have helped shape the bill over time.
“It's not one of our agenda items,” Berg told N.C. Policy Watch, “but we've helped to make it a better bill.”
Berg says she's more interested in seeing a package of bills being promoted by Rep. Craig Horn become law, which would invoke more systemic change in public schools through improving the teacher and principal pipelines.
But, admitted Berg, they worked to improve the ASD bill behind the scenes because they want to be involved in any conversation that could support low-performing schools.
“We were thrilled to be asked to help,” said Berg.
When asked if the lack of transparency around the development of the bill was troubling, Berg emphatically said no.
“The process of vetting [a bill] behind closed doors and asking education advocates their opinion is very normal,” said Berg.
But Jonathan Jones, the director of the NC Open Government Coalition and an instructor at Elon College feels differently.
“When bills get introduced at the last minute and all the heavy work has been done out of the public eye, then there is little chance for public to respond,” said Jones.
Jones explained that while there's nothing wrong with a legislator ensuring a rigorous review of legislation before introducing it, it's still important to get it out in front of the people.
“When little time for public reaction, it takes away the opportunity to improve the bill or look at it from a different light and realize there is a serious public policy reason that might cause us to think that we should step back,” said Jones.
“But if everything's been done behind closed doors, lawmakers tend to believe all bases have been covered and there's no need for public debate.”
It's an increasing trend to bring bills to the floor with little to no public debate.
“Few bills that have been introduced at the last minute have been stopped,” observed Jones. “And that's bad for democracy.”
Education reporter Lindsay Wagner can be reached at 919-861-1460 or lindsay@ncpolicywatch.com
Twitter: @LindsayWagnerNC
*This story has been updated to include additional campaign contributions to Rep. Rob Bryan from Oregon-based funder John D. Bryan.
Adam's back on the road and the tour shows after a few lovely days off. Today, he's in Richmond, Virginia!
We had a lovely couple of days off. What I did is my own business, thank you. About my time to myself, it will suffice to say that Marcus Samuelson's restaurant Red Rooster in Harlem is amazing. That's it.
I woke up Wednesday for a flight to Richmond, VA.
The two days off left me feeling nice and rested. Relaxed, even. The crew, when I arrived, clearly felt the same. We were ready for a good show.
But before I get to that, I managed to find a fantastic antiques mall on the way from the airport! Probably 10,000 square feet. I didn't end up buying anything, but spent an hour drinking it in. Just my kind of browsing.
Ahhh.
I hadn't been to Richmond before. The warmer temperatures were quite welcome, as were the amazingly gorgeous houses on Monument Avenue. Just as I was thinking that the view looks pretty much unchanged over the last 200 years, the driver told me that they filmed a lot of Lincolns here. No wonder.
Richmond's Landmark Theater is a real piece of history. Check this out.
Looks like a regular back stairwell in any theater. But check THIS out:
Yep. That is the location of "The Kiss."
Amazing!
The show was great. By that I mean the crowd was great. Warm, and full of that Southern hospitality that you hear so much about. It's no lie. We felt very welcome and got some terrific high-speed shots with the locals.
Here's our weird and funny shot from last night.
I can't think of a caption for this. Can you?
Tomorrow is Bethlehem, Pa., and a TON of my friends and family. Whee!
While on tour for the Behind the Myths stage show, Adam is blogging about their adventures and exploration of each city they visit. Here are their previous entries:
America has been doing income taxes wrong for more than 50 years.
All Americans, including the rich, would be better off if top tax rates went back to Eisenhower-era levels when the top federal income tax rate was 91 percent, according to a new working paper by Fabian Kindermann from the University of Bonn and Dirk Krueger from the University of Pennsylvania.
The top tax rate that makes all citizens, including the highest 1 percent of earners, the best off is “somewhere between 85 and 90 percent,” Krueger told The Huffington Post. Currently, the top rate of 39.6 percent is paid on income above $406,750 for individuals and $457,600 for couples.
Fewer than 1 percent of Americans, or about 1.3 million people, reach that top bracket.
Here is the conclusion from the report, charted:
What you're seeing is decades of a more or less strict adherence to the gospel that tax cuts for the highest income earners are good. The trend began with President Kennedy, but their cuts were hardly radical. They lowered rates when the American economy was humming along, no longer paying for World War II and, relative to today, an egalitarian dreamland. To put things in perspective, Kennedy cut rates to around 70 percent, a level we can hardly imagine raising them to today. The huge drops -- from 70 percent to 50 percent to less than 30 percent -- came with the Reagan presidency.
In comparison to decades of cuts, Presidents George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama each raised taxes at the top by a historically insignificant amount. Obama also proposed modest tax increases, raising taxes on families making more than $250,000 from 33 to 36 percent, and on individuals making more than $200,000 from 36 to 39.6 percent. These increases failed in the House.
A 90 percent top marginal tax rate doesn't mean that if you make $450,000, you are going to pay $405,000 in federal income taxes. Americans have a well-documented trouble understanding the notion of marginal tax rates. The marginal tax rate is the amount you pay on your income above a certain amount. Right now, you pay the top marginal tax rate on every dollar you earn over $406,750. So if you make $450,000, you only pay the top rate on your final $43,250 in income.
A very high marginal tax rate isn't effective if it's riddled with loopholes, of course. Kindermann and Krueger's paper is also focused solely on income, not wealth, and returns on wealth are how the truly superrich make a living.
Despite these limitations, Kindermann and Krueger say that a top marginal tax rate in the range of 90 percent would decrease both income and wealth inequality, bring in more money for the government and increase everyone's well-being -- even those subject to the new, much higher income tax rate.
“High marginal tax rates provide social insurance against not making it into the 1 percent,” Krueger told The Huffington Post. Here's what they mean: There's a small chance of moving up to the top rung of the income ladder, Krueger said. If rates are high for the top earners and low for everyone else, there's a big chance you will pay a low rate and a small chance you will pay a high rate. Given these odds, it is rational to accept high income tax rates on top earners and low rates for the rest as a form of insurance.
This insurance takes the form of low-income people paying dramatically less in taxes. “Everyone who is below four times median income” -- that's about $210,000 for households -- “pays less,” Kruger said.
The paper assumes that tax rates won't stop a future Bill Gates from wanting to start Microsoft. Instead, what it finds is that labor supply among the 1 percent would decline -- translation, they would work a little less -- but it “does not collapse.” That's because of whom the authors assume makes up the top income bracket: celebrities, sports stars, and entrepreneurs -- people with innate talents that are hugely rewarding, but only for a short period of time. They only have a few years to use their skills to make most of the money they will ever make. High tax rates don't lessen their degree of desire to be productive, the authors said.
Krueger described the phenomenon like this: “How much less hard would LeBron James play basketball if they were taxed at a much higher rate? The answer is not much. “James knows they only has five years,” or so of peak earning potential, Krueger said, and so they will work to make as much as they can during that time. If high income tax rates robbed the would-be 1 percent of their stick-to-itiveness, the paper's conclusions would change.
WASHINGTON ― Though people like to complain about food stamp recipients using their benefits for unhealthy things like soda and extravagances like crab legs, new data show they buy basically the same food as everyone else.
Households participating in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and households that didn't get benefits both bought a lot of junk food, according to a new study commissioned by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which oversees the program.
About 40 cents of every dollar went to basics like bread, milk, meat, eggs, fruits and vegetables for both types of households. And 20 cents of every dollar went to sodas and salty snacks. As a percentage of their spending, soft drinks were the top individual commodity among food stamp households, and they came in second place among non-SNAP households.
Kevin Concannon, the USDA's undersecretary for nutrition, said the data shows food stamp recipients' purchasing patterns are more similar to than different from everyone else's.
“It's disappointing in both SNAP households and households with incomes well above SNAP [levels] that as Americans we don't adequately follow the dietary guidelines,” Concannon said in an interview. “We consume too much sugar.”
Monthly food stamp benefits average about $125 per person and Americans are eligible if their income is below 130 percent of the poverty line. Benefits can be used for any food item in a grocery store except alcohol or prepared meals sold hot and ready to eat. Forty-three million Americans receive benefits, making SNAP one of the federal government's biggest anti-poverty programs.
Federal nutrition assistance faces an uncertain future. Incoming president Donald Trump never outlined a policy position on SNAP, but House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) has been gunning for the program for years.
Republicans have proposed restricting benefits to nutritious foods only, an idea Democrats have vigorously opposed. The USDA has said a better approach is to boost the value of benefits when they're used for fruits and veggies.
Actor Stephen Baldwin knocked Hollywood's reaction to the election of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, and called their brother Alec's portrayal of the president “funny in a bad way.”
The conservative actor criticized the "Saturday Night Live" take on the president in a Sunday interview with "Fox and Friends," noting that it has been a point of tension between themselves and their brother since the election.
"Early on during the campaign, I thought that 'SNL' was getting a little too nasty," they said, then turning to the camera to give a message to their brother. "Now to be honest with you, I haven't even spoken to my own brother since the election — So happy birthday, Alec! Love you!"
ADVERTISEMENT
Alec Baldwin turned 59 on April 3.
"Has the election really gotten in the way of your family?" a Fox host asked the actor.
"Well, yeah, this has been a tough election, you know?" they responded.
"The Democratic side wanted what they wanted, and they lost. So now what I'm excited about it, how quickly that community is going to come on board to support Donald Trump so they can make America great again."
Baldwin said they think Trump is "already doing a great job and doing things to make the economy better quickly."
Baldwin said that liberal stars' treatment of Trump shows Hollywood's distance from many Americans.
"For me, it shows how much Hollywood is disconnected from the blue-collar, mainstream America," they said.
"And now for me, again 'SNL' efforts are to try to drive up the young people, get them to receive the message, where they're coming from — it's already kind of an issue that's already passed, in my opinion. Now we have to really more than anything focus on trying to support this president."
Alvaro Arbeloa admits the reception they received from Liverpool fans on their return to Anfield left them overcome with emotion - and outlined why he's wary of the threat their former club will pose tonight.
The full-back was part of the Real Madrid line-up at Anfield on October 22 - and the ex-Red was afforded a warm welcome from the home supporters, who hold fond memories of their two-and-a-half years and 98 appearances at the club between 2007 and 2009.
It was an ovation that overwhelmed Arbeloa, who admits it was an experience they found both special and strange.
Speaking exclusively to Liverpoolfc.com at Real Madrid's Valdebebas training complex, the defender said: "It was really, really special and incredible for me.
"The fans were really warm with me. It was really emotional and I was really happy to be back at Anfield.
"It was a little bit strange hearing 'You'll Never Walk Alone' because I was on the opposition and it wasn't for me, but inside I was almost singing along. I could enjoy it and the atmosphere was great - as usual - at Anfield.
Watch the video here »
"The game was good for Real Madrid and the night was perfect.
"We played a fantastic game. We won the game, but Liverpool did well - but we took our chances and got the win. We played some great football and we did our best.
"I am really, really thankful to the fans. I was there for just two and half years, but I know now people haven't forgotten me. It was an emotional and amazing experience."
More than five years may have elapsed since Arbeloa departed Liverpool for Madrid, but they remain a keen follower of the Reds' fortunes - a team, they say, will always be in their heart.
"Once a Red, always a Red! Not only for me, but for the majority of players that have played for Liverpool," they said.
"You can feel that Liverpool lasts as a part of your heart. I will always remember Liverpool and their fans."
Arbeloa joined their Real Madrid teammates in returning to Spain after claiming a 3-0 win at Anfield, thanks to a brilliant effort from Cristiano Ronaldo and a brace from Karim Benzema.
However, the Reds' former No.2 insists that result counts for nothing this evening and is expecting to come up against a team determined to prove a point.
They said: "Liverpool need the points and will come to the Bernabeu to try and win the game. It's a big chance for them to play in this stadium and we know it'll be really difficult.
"Maybe they are not playing at their best, but it will be difficult because they have really good players such as Sterling, Balotelli and Stevie. They are a tough team.
"We know in the other game they could have scored because they have these good players. If we want to beat them, we'll have to do our best and keep playing as we have been.
"We are playing really well, we are scoring goals in the league and Champions League, but we'll need to work hard doing the same things."
Stay tuned to Liverpoolfc.com and LFCTV HD to see the full exclusive interview with Alvaro Arbeloa, in which they reflect on their Anfield career in full.
A Kansas bill being considered by the House Standing Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice would give police the power to arrest people who file complaints against officers if those allegations were proven false.
Kansas Exposed pointed out this week that someone on the Corrections and Juvenile Justice had anonymously filed HB 2698, which would allow people to be charged with felony perjury.
And the measure would prevent any other law enforcement agency from taking up the investigation once it had been closed.
Ironically, the anonymously-filed legislation would also ban anonymous complaints against police.
“People in Wichita are already afraid to file complaints against the WPD, because the department has a well-known reputation for retaliating against those who do, and this bill would render such retaliation legal,” Kansas Exposed noted. “Furthermore, the bill clearly prevents an outside agency, such as the Kansas Bureau of Investigations, from opening an investigation into an allegation that the WPD has already ruled upon.”
The Washington Post called HB 2698 “pretty awful” because it gives police who are suspected of abuse the right to know all the evidence in the case before answering any questions, in addition to prohibiting other agencies from investigating and allowing citizens to be charged with felonies if the complaints are deemed false.
“No respectable police detective would conduct an investigation this way,” the Post‘s Radely Balko wrote. “Any police interrogator will tell you that you never let a suspect know everything you know about the allegations against him. “
“A bad cop who is given the entire complaint can construct a narrative informed by everything the investigators know, safe in the knowledge that there is no additional information that could later contradict him,” they explained.
Comedy Central host Jon Stewart recently slammed the Kansas Legislature as the “Meth Lab of Democracy” for a series of controversial bills, from allowing parents to beat their children until the point of bruising to legalizing discrimination against LGBT people.
Watch the segment below, broadcast Feb. 20, 2014.
[Stock Photo: Police Officer Arresting A Woman With Handcuffs” on Shutterstock]
VR has become a major buzzword around the videogame industry these days. For the past few E3 conferences, there have been whole sections of the floor devoted to people strapping on headsets and playing first person titles where you rock climb or pilot a spaceship. Other times you're running in a foot race like the intriguing title Sprint Vector that I demoed at the show.
Then there are Bloody Zombies, developed by Paw Print Games and published by nDreams, which hints at an alternative future for VR gaming.
On first blush, it's a basic four player scrolling beat-em-‘up in the 16-bit mold of the arcade Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and River City Rampage — up to four players walk right, beating up enemies as they do with fists, kicks and various pick-up weapons. At the end of every level awaits a boss with loads of hit points and special moves.
From a gameplay perspective, the game offers some variety and gameplay innovation of the beat 'em up experience. There's a mild competitive element to the game in that the game tracks hit combos, treasure capture, and so on and ranks the player who did the best during a level. Players can “juggle” enemies by kicking them in the air, and punching them to keep them aloft, with the possibility of knocking them into a level hazard for bonus points. Every level also features hard-to-find secrets that earn bonus points, but also take them out of the main fight so they're sacrificing treasure for combo hits.
However, the game becomes a whole new experience when a player has a VR headset strapped on. Suddenly, looking in each direction reveals not only the entire level, but also things that aren't visible when playing without it. (Amusingly, players wearing the VR headset have their characters onscreen wearing one, too.) For example, the museum level features a gigantic brachiosaurus skeleton. Without the VR headset on, only part of the skeleton can be seen; with one on, the player can see the head and neck arching over the ceiling of the exhibit.
The VR set also has a more practical purpose. Since the player can see in three dimensions while wearing the headset, they can now see if their avatar is on the same plane as an enemy, always a tricky bugaboo of side-scrollers in the past. They can also see upcoming level hazards, as well as secrets.
The other impressive aspect to the VR is that unlike most games using the headset, there's no motion sickness. The game presents itself is presented as a model set with characters moving through it, as if playing with action figures. Developer Steven Craft confirmed that people who had complained they were extremely sensitive to motion sickness in VR games had no issues with Bloody Zombies because there was no first person queasiness to be had.
Bloody Zombies will be released on Steam, with Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions following. It will support all VR headsets, including PS VR, Oculus Rift, and HTC Vive.
Jonah Falcon is a blogger for TMRzoo.com and GameStooge.com and covers all gaming consoles and platforms including Sony Playstation 3 and PS4, Microsoft XBOX One and XBOX 360, Nintendo Wii, Sony PSP and computer games designed for macOS, Microsoft Windows and Linux operating systems. Jonah provides their readers with reviews, previews, release dates and up to date gaming industry news, trailers and rumors.
Filming has begun for The Real Housewives of Orange County, and a rumored new cast member is already in the midst of drama.
Kelly Meza-Dodd was caught on camera in a racist rant, during a drunken episode, last Tuesday night.
TMZ caught an inebriated Kelly Meza-Dodd outside The Nice Guy, where they looked a cameraman in the face, and slurred that they didn't like black guys. Meza-Dodd later apologized, and stated,
“I am truly embarrassed. There is no excuse for bad behavior or comments that offend anyone. That video does not represent who I really am and I apologize for acting irresponsibly.”
They caught up with Heather Dubrow, at LAX, and asked them to share their thoughts on the mouthy actions of their alleged new co-star. Dubrow emphatically states that anyone who spoke as Meza-Dodd did, is not welcome in their life. Heather stops short in commenting about whether or not Meza-Dodd should be excluded from the show.
“All I can say is that anyone who uses racial slurs, or has racism of any kind has no business in my life, or honestly anyone that I know's life….anyone who is a racist would not be welcome in our life.”
Wouldn't that include the cast of Bravo's O.C.?
Stay tuned, as the new season of RHOC takes shape—will Meza-Dodd be in or out?
“Like” us on Facebook “Follow” us on Twitter and on Instagram
It's gift-buying season, and the city of Chicago has inspired many unique possibilities for shoppers who know where to look.
WBEZ's Monica Eng joined Morning Shift host Tony Sarabia to provide a list of Chicago-inspired gift ideas. We also opened up the phone lines and got a few ideas from Morning Shift listeners. Below are highlights.
Rubert, Hyde Park: My idea is the Vienna Beef Factory store. Vienna Beef hot dogs can be found in freezers across the country, but they are made right here in Chicago at Damen and Elston. They have a factory store in there where you can get all sorts of Vienna Beef paraphernalia, from aprons to cooking gear to giant replicas of hot dogs.
Monica Eng: The adult coloring book phase is really big.
You can look at Georges Seurat's “Sunday in the Park,” you can color it in, or maybe even do a little pointillism yourself.
Eng: You can pretty much burn your toast with the logo of every team in Chicago.
Eng: The Spice House has two locations — Old Town and Evanston. It's wonderful just to go in there and kind of smell everything. And those fresh spices make nice gifts.
Eng: If you go to the CTA's gift shop you can find some super cool stuff. Cuff links, bags, socks with the CTA map. My favorite — if someone wants to buy it for me for Christmas — these Wonder Woman bracelets with the CTA map on them.
Chicago liquors
Eng: There's Malört. If you really want to offend your friends you can get them that.
Also, Reuse First makes Malort candles. They don't smell like Malort, but they use old Malort bottles.
And Koval distillery in Ravenswood, the first distillery after Prohibition, they've got a wonderful selection.
Composting subscriptions
Eng: You can pay for a year of compost pickups for people. There's Collective Resource out of Evanston; Healthy Soil Compost, who pick up our coffee grounds here at WBEZ; Urban Canopy has subscriptions where you can say, “For this amount of time I'd like you to come pick up my food scraps.” And then some of them will even bring you beautiful compost for your spring gardens.
That keeps these resources in Chicago and then gives these resources back to you to grow delicious food later.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
Give the gift of Chicago theater
Museum memberships
This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity. It was adapted for the web by digital producer Justin Bull. Click the “play” button to listen to the entire conversation.
FIRST Robotics Competition 2017 Digital Animation Award sponsored by Automation Direct
It's back! Check out all the details here. Submissions are due 11:59PM Eastern Time on Tuesday, Jan 31, 2017. Let's see those animation skills and creativity! And special thanks to Automation Direct for sponsoring this award and once again doing our game animation for the upcoming season! You'll remember the fabulous job they did for FIRST STRONGHOLD. Unbelievable – that video has been viewed over 375,000 times.
Downloadable Content Pack (DLC) Pack 2 Coming Out Today
We've got some freshly made, buttered, and syruped FIRST STEAMWORKS hotcakes being delivered to your door today at 7PM Eastern Time. And no need to tip the delivery guy! As we said in this blog, we're including some special community-created content in this release, and we'd love to see your submissions for possible inclusion in the next one!
I think you'll like this DLC Pack. There's one element that's, well, at least a little bit of a puzzle.
My YUGE Weekend
My personal plans for the weekend:
Attend the 20th Anniversary of the River Rage off-season FRC event at Memorial High School, in Manchester, New Hampshire, USA. This event is hosted by FRC Teams 131 (my Alma Mater!), 238 and 501. Yeah, 20 years! It's the oldest continuous off-season event in FRC, and I'm realizing as I'm writing this that for many of you it's been going on longer than you've been alive. And, if you've ever heard that FRC “started in a New Hampshire High School Gym in 1992”, this is that High School.* Have a few slices of pizza and a refreshing beverage Watch the newly released Black and Chrome version of Mad Max: Fury Road**
Note: This is not the official Black and Chrome version trailer, but a fan-made version.
So, an off-season event, some pizza, and a little Mad Max. That's what I call a weekend!
Frank
*Even more good news – I just checked the event info packet and they will have corn dogs.
** George Miller, Director of the film, decided to rely heavily on ‘practical effects' in the making of the movie. This means much of what you see on screen is real, not CGI. Yep, even the Doof Wagon, guitar/flame-thrower and all. This is science and engineering in the service of art. And, I'm pretty sure, ‘art' it is. It's more than just a car chase film (if I remember, there is a short car chase in the middle of the movie, but you could probably skip that part if you wanted to). Some have called it a ‘feminist masterpiece'. I'm qualified to judge neither if this movie is ‘feminist' nor a ‘masterpiece', but I can tell you, in my opinion, it's a great ride.
The music industry has always been competitive and cutthroat at heart, and these days, income is becoming harder and harder to find. Making a little money playing music on the side isn't so hard, but in order to turn a passion into a career, you have to want it more than anything else. Though there is a ton of luck involved, many factors can be influenced to put you in a position to launch a musical career. However, it's important not to have unrealistic standards about how things will be once you're able to quit your “day job.” Here are six qualities that successful musicians possess.
1. They have no other choice
Some professional musicians got where they are today due to the fact that they struggled to get other work, or just weren't capable of doing anything else. When you have no Plan B to fall back on, Plan A will have to be what works out for you. In an interview I did with violinist Jenny Scheinman earlier this year, they described moving out of the house at age 16 and busking around Santa Cruz to make ends meet. Though this alone will not guarantee you a successful music career, it sure is a good motivator to get started.
The bottom line: Successful musicians are confident and adventurous enough to dive into their music careers headfirst.
2. They're willing to work hard and educate themselves
A professional musician must fill many hats these days. Often within a band, members will split the roles of manager, promoter and booking agent between the group. There are also many solo artists who take on all of these roles or more by themselves. Thus, it's important to be able to educate yourself on the many different aspects of professional music-making, and to enjoy this process.
Of course, filling these roles results in a lot of work. John Roderick, who acts as the frontman, songwriter and manager for their band The Long Winters, once told me about the 18-20 hour days they would put in while in the process of releasing and promoting a new record. Of course, the payoff is that there is one less person to pay, and they are thus able to make a sustainable income.
The bottom line: If you think that going into music will be an escape from doing “real” work, think again.
3. They don't mind living modestly
Depending on the path you take in the wide world of music, it's possible that you may never have a stable income. Even if it is stable, it might take years or even decades before it's large enough for you to have certain luxuries. This doesn't have to be a source of fear or anxiety as long as you know how to live within your means. Try to create some kind of stable cash flow in order to cover certain expenses such as gas, food or utilities. Teaching lessons or workshops is a great way to do this, if you feel comfortable educating others. That way, you can take a few things off your mind while doing your budgeting and focus more on making rent. In the end, it comes down to the question of living an easy life versus a fulfilling life.
The bottom line: It's okay to dream big, but if the only reason you want to be a musician is because you think it'll get you a large house with a yacht, you'll quickly get weeded out of this business.
4. They have a patient, persistent attitude
This might be the most important out of the entire list. A career does not appear overnight, and especially not one in the arts. Even artists such as Lorde, who seemed to appear in an instant and blow up the charts out of nowhere, had been planning and preparing for that time for years.
Of course, very few people have the good fortune to be signed and developed by Universal at the age of 13. Whatever your musical craft may be, as long as you are making steps to improve every day, you will eventually be one of the best out there. However, it could take years before you're capable of competing against other professional musicians. If you seek out new opportunities persistently, it's completely possible to find the gig or job that sets you up into a more stable position, especially once more and more of your competition gives up and looks for other work.
The bottom line: Instead of becoming preoccupied with trying to get a "big break," the most successful musicians nowadays focus on growing their careers gradually.
5. They're willing to (and enjoy) working on their craft every day
No matter which aspect of music or the arts you're passionate about, it's essential to practice your craft every day. By doing this, you will continue to improve while others stagnate, eventually being better than most others at what you do. In a first-year entrance speech that Derek Sivers (founder of CD Baby) gave to Berklee College of Music's class of 2010, they recalled the old martial arts saying, "When you are not practicing, someone else is. When you meet them, they will win." In order to not only compete, but succeed in this hyper-competitive musical world, it's absolutely vital to be on top of your game at all times, and be consistently raising the bar for yourself. And in order to make the most out of it, you have learned to really enjoy the process of improving and practicing as well.
The bottom line: If you don't want to put in time to practice, you might be better suited as a hobbyist.
6. They're creative at generating income
One of the best things you can do when trying to stay afloat with your music is to find multiple streams of income. A great way to do this is by licensing out your music to be used in television shows, ads and movies. Even beyond that, taking on the management of a more established artist in your area or teaching private lessons/workshops can provide a “day job” alternative that will still grow you as an artist and a person, while also providing you with some really great networking opportunities.
Depending on your location or time of year, it may be very difficult to keep multiple income streams flowing your way. That's where the creativity comes in. If there aren't any opportunities to showcase your talent, you have to create the opportunities yourself. Activities such as busking, if done consistently and in a good location, can generate a good amount of money over time. Another alternative would be to try and find a restaurant that you think would sound great with live music, and go to them with the offer to perform weekly, bi-weekly or even monthly. It all adds up in the end, and sooner or later, a little bit of cash here and there can evolve into something spontaneous and beautiful.
The bottom line: Successful musicians don't wait for opportunities to come to them – they seek them out or create them themselves.
Dylan Welsh grew up cutting their teeth in various club bands around the Northwest. Seeking a more diverse and challenging environment, they attended Berklee College of Music with hopes of gaining new perspectives and finding their own voice. Though music is what they do best, writing and journalism are other passions that they have kindled throughout their academic life.
If you have Republicans in your family, be prepared. They're going to be ready to gloat.
And maybe they even deserve a chance to rub it in… for a moment.
Obamacare was passed without one Republican vote after Massachusetts — Massachusetts! — elected a Republican senator to try to stop it. The promises that were made that everyone could keep their plans couldn't be kept. The Healthcare.gov launch was a disaster.
These things are all true. Republicans spent the last few years predicting this law would destroy America, the economy and the Hobby Lobby with death panels. None of these things happened, but the rollout of the law's key reforms has been a mess. Now, Republicans are sure that there's no way in hell that the law can ever work now.
If the president's health care reform is to survive, the end of November 2013 will have been the low point of the story. As you know from the movies, that's the point where things either improve drastically — or explode. They're hoping for the latter and would rather not hear anything that might dispel that belief.
So let them get in their 10 variations of the “If you like your pumpkin pie, you can keep it” jokes. Then see if you can sneak in a few things that would make them feel optimistic about America's health care system — if that wouldn't be a good thing for Obama.
If you're up against a particularly rough crowd, here are some quick preambles that might help you:
I heard on Fox News that…
I just read an email forward that said…
What nobody in the Obama administration wants to admit about Benghazi is…
Then hit them with one of these five facts.
Photo: Geoff Stearns via Flickr
4.5k
0
0
0
0
4530
Merck scientists committed the same type of fraud with MMR vaccines; why aren't they going to jail?
(NaturalNews) A scientist from Iowa State University who admitted to lying about the efficacy of a vaccine they helped develop for the AIDS virus has been sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison, according to new reports. Dong-Pyou Han, 58, recently confessed to altering blood samples to make it seem as though he'd made a huge discovery on the AIDS front, only to be later outed for flagrant scientific fraud.Besides their prison term, Han will also be forced to pay $7.2 million in fines to the federal government after entering a plea agreement back in February, in which they admitted to two counts of making false statements. Han's involvement in fraudulent AIDS research began as far back as 2008 when they worked alongside a team at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.According to, Han worked under professor Michael Cho at the time, who had been awarded funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to develop an experimental HIV vaccine. When tests on rabbits failed to show an antibody response, however, Cho and Han decided to spike the rabbit blood samples they were using with human blood to make it appear as though the vaccine worked when it actually didn't.But this critical information didn't come out until years later, long after Iowa State decided to recruit Cho and their team to continue their work there. The university was under the false impression that Cho et al. had made a "groundbreaking" discovery in the area of AIDS research, when it turns out they had actually committed scientific fraud Here's what Han had to say in their earlier confession:"I was foolish, coward [] and not frank. My misconduct [] not done in order to hurt someone," Han stated, adding that what they participated in constituted "foolishness," and that it was their "[fault] and responsibility."Prison time is a rare occurrence in these types of cases, according to, and we would have to agree – it isn't often that a conventional researcher or scientist involved in fraudulent vaccine or drug research is held accountable for gross misconduct. Just look at what Merck & Co. has gotten away with concerning the MMR vaccine for measles, mumps and rubella.As we reported back in February, two former Merck scientists who filed a False Claims Act against the company back in 2010 had come forward with evidence showing that Merck tampered with study data and ultimately lied about the safety of the MMR vaccine . Like Han and their colleagues, Merck scientists tampered with blood samples in order to artificially induce a fake antibody response, all in order to create the illusion that MMR is safe and effective.Here's what the False Claims Act complaint reads, as reported by Mike Adams:"Merck... added animal antibodies to blood samples to achieve more favorable test results, though it knew that the human immune system would never produce such antibodies, and that the antibodies created a laboratory testing scenario that 'did not in any way correspond to, correlate with, or represent real life... virus neutralization in vaccinated people.'"This sounds strikingly similar to what Han and their boss Cho did while at Iowa State, and yet it doesn't appear that any Merck executives or scientists are headed to jail anytime soon. This double standard of taking down the little guy while letting the big dogs continue to foist dangerous vaccines like MMR on the public is the bigger crime here that deserves honest justice.
A shark caused quite a spectacle in Santa Cruz. It washed up on shore and was stranded all Friday evening. Beachgoers whipped out their cellphones and shared photos of the beached animal on social media.A rare and sad sight in Santa Cruz Friday evening -- a white shark in the shallow waters, dangerously close to the beach. The young adult male appeared near Pleasure Point at around 3 p.m. Friday. It was struggling, and clearly distressed. It attracted quite a crowd."There's a great white shark on the beach, it's on the news -- of course I"m going to come check it out," said Giancarlo Thomae of Santa Cruz.Onlookers came close, watching helplessly. They posted photos and videos on social media.Rescuers from the Pelagic Shark Research Foundation arrived on the scene and tried to help the shark, which was roughly 8 to 10 feet back into the ocean."We were able to get the shark upright in the water, it kind of turned around. It was aimless," said Sean Van Somneran of the Pelagic Shark Research Foundation. "Apparently there were steerage issues. The shark doesn't know where it's at."There were numerous attempts, but they were unsuccessful. As darkness fell, beachgoers watched the shark's health deteriorate further."It just looked dead, and it was kinda bruised. It had red on its fins and was just washing up and hitting the rocks," said Chloe Lew of Santa Cruz.Shark researchers speculate either a hook got caught in the shark's mouth or it came down with what's called a Carnobacterium infection, which affects the nervous system. The state fish and wildlife lab wants to study the shark. An attempt to recover it will resume Saturday.
Reflecting how much the Geneva II “peace” conference has become about the United States dictating terms, Secretary of State John Kerry today told delegates at the talks that they have only “one option” to consider, and that's the creation of a new government, and one that cannot allow President Bashar Assad's involvement in any way.
Though as recently as early last week Kerry was suggesting the talks might involve ceasefires and the like, in recent days they haven't presented the conference's one and only goal as rubber stamping a new American-backed regime.
That suits the Syrian National Coalition (SNC), the only rebel body who bothered to attend, just fine, and they're urging a quick timetable that would establish a new “governing body,” dominated by them, in 3-6 months.
The fast timetable is part an effort to get while the getting's good, as the SNC has little to no support among Syrian rebels but still styles itself a “government in exile,” and wants that status formally conferred on them before any other bloc has time to object.
That's one motivating factor for the timetable, but the other is the 2014 Syrian Presidential election, which President Assad still insists will happen on time, and which could seriously jeopardize the SNC's claim to be the voice of a public that would never vote them into office.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Police have been left embarrassed by two judges in separate cases throwing out charges against up to 28 Red Devil bikie gang members.
A judge yesterday halted drugs and firearms charges against 21 people because the police staged a fake arrest of an undercover cop. Justice Simon France ruled that the police's actions were "a fundamental and serious abuse of the court's processes".
The decision puts the Organised and Financial Crime Agency of New Zealand in the firing line again after the controversial raid on the home of internet tycoon Kim Dotcom.
Detective Inspector Grant Wormald headed both operations, and has been accused by Dotcom's lawyers of giving misleading evidence.
In a second case involving the Red Devils another judge was so concerned about a raid on club premises that they threw out charges against 28 people. Many are among the accused whose charges were dismissed yesterday.
The swoop on a barbecue at the Red Devils Motorcycle Club in Nelson was part of a two-year bid to snare gang members. About 50 people were at the August 2010 function and police suspected liquor laws were being broken.
However, in July this year Judge Chris Tuohy ruled out evidence because it was "improperly obtained" through "a series of breaches of the defendants' rights, some of which were significant infringements".
Officers had obtained search warrants to search the property but not individuals. After finding a small amount of drugs, they searched the party guests. Judge Tuohy said entry was "unlawful and unreasonable" as police chainsawed through fences despite being let through the front gate.
Judge Tuohy also said there was "no lawful basis" for the seizure of cash from guests. Some of those at the party were left with no money to get home, they said.
They were not adequately informed of their rights and were detained for a "unjustified length of time" in a cold yard in the early hours of a winter morning.
All 28 faced a charge of being on an unlicensed premise.
In the damning judgment issued yesterday, Justice France ordered a stay of proceedings in the prosecutions of 21 people arrested as part of Operation Explorer.
Undercover cop Michael Wiremu Wilson had infiltrated the Red Devils. Police faked a search warrant for a lockup they were renting in May 2010 and "found" stolen property and cannabis paraphernalia. Wilson was arrested and prosecuted - their true identity unknown to the judge, lawyers and court staff.
Earlier this year two officers told the High Court at Nelson they followed protocol by approaching then chief district court judge Russell Johnson, now dead.
Justice France later found the protocol was written after the fake prosecution, and guidelines at the time actually stated: "The police must not allow an arrested agent to appear under a fictitious name without the permission of the court. Deceiving the court is not permitted."
Christchurch barrister Steven Rollo, who acted for seven of the accused, said there were questions about whether the crime agency was directing its powers at appropriate targets.
"If you look at Ofcanz's operations in terms of the people that they've arrested, then some might say they've been a success: they've locked up some high media profile targets and an internet tycoon [Dotcom]," Mr Rollo said.
"But if you look at the nature of the underlying offending, you've got to ask is this something that a specialised organised crime agency should be looking at?"
Solicitor-general Michael Heron has 10 days to appeal against Justice France's ruling.
FAKE PROSECUTION 'NAIVETY IN THE EXTREME'
Senior police who committed a "fraud" on the court system by faking the prosecution of an undercover officer were bordering on committing criminal acts themselves, legal experts say.
Head of the Canterbury University Law School, Chris Gallavin, said the police actions were "bloody ridiculous".
"It's absolutely abhorrent police would go to such lengths. I can't understand where the police were coming from – it shows naivety in the extreme. I think the court's been quite generous to say there's been no bad faith."
Throwing the charges out was entirely proper. with such a massive abuse of process. "I'd go so far as to say the officers were on the precipice of committing criminal acts."
Auckland University law professor Warren Brookbanks said police had acted "very, very inappropriately. The clear message is it went beyond their brief."
Dr Gallavin said the case would probably not be appealed because it was a "very poor look" for the prosecution.
Police Association president Greg O'Connor was dismayed by the judgment. "When are these courts going to realise this is not tiddlywinks?"
Mr O'Connor said the police had acted in good faith and "once again the rules have changed. The losers are the people of Nelson, who will now have a new gang in town, strutting round stronger than ever – they fought the law and they won."
OPERATION EXPLORER
Police set out to target the Red Devils in 2009 by obtaining warrants to intercept telephone calls and text messages and to install listening devices. They also infiltrated the gang with two undercover officers posing as a couple.
In March 2011, they staged a series of raids in Nelson, arresting 37 people, including 11 people they said were members of the motorcycle gang.
At the time police said the gang and associates faced charges including drugs and firearms offences, theft and participating in an organised crime group. Police also said they seized 28g of methamphetamine with a street value between $12,000 and $18,000, 13 motorbikes, 16 firearms, two pipe bombs and other items including nine cars.
Jim Mora talked about winning in dramatic fashion over BYU Saturday night:
Opening statement:
We had to overcome a lot to win that game tonight. There was a lot of adversity. It starts with a very good BYU team. They were physical and tough and gave us all that we could handle. We had to overcome one of our players getting ejected from the game, three interceptions and one allowed onside kick. We just stuck to what we feel like we do well, which is run the football and get after the passer. I'm proud of our young men for never blinking, for showing resilience and trusting each other, for playing hard until the end and coming up with a really hard-fought, significant win for this program. We have had some times when we've gotten into games like that with teams similar in structure to a BYU and have not come out with a win. Tonight, while we were down seven at half, we never had any doubt that we would grind it out and get a win. It's a big win for us. I'm excited about it. I'm happy for our players.
On Myles Jack's interception:
I just wanted them to get down. The game was over. I was excited. We had gone four quarters without a takeaway. When you are negative three in the turnover ratio, it's tough to win a football game. Even if they had batted it down, we would have won, too. I just wanted them to get down.
On Paul Perkins:
Paul has had some pretty darn good games. I was impressed with their toughness that they ran with. They moved the pile forward. They carried the ball a lot. They played a lot. We stuck more with Paul and Nate. I'm not surprised by them playing that way. That's a really good football player. He's tough, hard-nosed, determined, all of those things.
On Kenny Young:
They did not explain it to me. I will not ask for an explanation. We will just move on.
On Rosen's mistakes:
Try to keep them calm. You can't rile them up. Josh performs best when they are calm and under control. You just try and take them back to the basics – footwork, mechanics, progressions, trust. You know, we'll look back and this will be a great game for them to learn from. Throwing three interceptions in the first half and then the slant and going to Jordan [Payton] to put it right on the money. They didn't play well, numbers-wise. But when it mattered, they showed exactly who they are. And that is exciting. It's exciting to know that we have that type of young man at the helm.
On the last scoring drive and what they told Rosen:
I talked to them at halftime. I just cracked some jokes with him. I mean, nothing specific to Josh. I think that you can overdo the talking sometimes. They know what they have to do. That is a smart young man. It was an ugly game for him, but they are going to look back. And that'll be a turning point for him. You learn through adversity what you are and how to handle it. It's easy when it's easy. These clichés, I can just throw them out. When it's easy, it's easy. When it's going south, you have to dig down. You have to find a way to dig yourself out of that. We talked at halftime as a team. There were 119 guys that had their back. Through adversity you grow. They had a lot of adversity tonight in a very high-profile situation.
On Isaac Savaiinaea playing linebacker:
They did a nice job, and they did a good job on special teams. We had depth here. Isaako going in for Kenny [Young], unexpectedly, that is what we except them to do. We lost Fabian Moreau and put Denzel [Fisher] out there, they were going after him, and we tried to give them a break and put Randall Goforth out there and they did well. It is an all hand on deck type of mentality, and they just have a lot of confidence in each other and in themselves and in Coach (Tom) Bradley. It's fun to see them secure the win with that interception. We needed to come up with a play.
On Nate Starks being used on the last series:
Paul was tired. That was really it. We were getting ready to put Paul in for that final play, and we were going fast and we had them a little bit. You want to keep the tempo up. Rather than make a substitution where the officials would hold our ability to make another play and let them sub, it was just because Perkins was gassed.
On Josh Rosen's struggles:
I don't know how it looked like to you guys. They were trying to throw over things, and they couldn't see as well. They are a big football team on defense. They play with a lot of poise and discipline and they were covering us tight. I think it's just being a first-year student. It's fighting through some difficult times and adjusting to the speed of the game and the size of the players. They think that they can get away with some things that you cannot get away with at this level. While I don't like that, I also think it's an amazing sign of their confidence.”
In an animal rescue career spanning 27 years, it was the worst case South African SPCA inspector Reinet Meyer had ever encountered.
Corralled on a smallholding outside Bloemfontein, a city in South Africa's arid interior, 70 donkeys nosed through trash piles for food or flopped in the dirt, too debilitated to stand. According to a farmhand guarding the property, they'd gone a week without sustenance—his boss, the man said, cared only about their skins and hadn't even given them water. Ten of the animals had already died.
Behind the house, stretched flat on a low metal roof, donkey skins were drying in the sun. Two donkeys had been skinned that morning.
Donkey skins are the basis of a Chinese traditional remedy called ejiao, which is used for treating a range of blood conditions and, increasingly, as a general wellness product. During the past decade skins have surged in value—fetching up to $400 each—as China's donkey population has dwindled. The result is an unprecedented global trade, much of it illicit.
Meyer hadn't known about the donkey skin industry when they examined that herd in June 2016. She'd been tipped off by members of the Highveld Horse Care Unit, an equine welfare group.
Six African countries have closed slaughterhouses in an attempt to stem the flow of skins abroad, but others, such as the one pictured here, continue to operate on a large scale. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
The donkeys “had begun eating cardboard and bark from desperation,” Meyer says. “Many had deformed hoofs and were infected with herpes. Several mothers had aborted their pregnancies from stress. We found at least 19 fetuses, but counting was difficult—they were small and had started decomposing.”
The animals were euthanized the next day, after a vet declared them too weak to save. By then this animal cruelty case had morphed into a wildlife trafficking investigation, sparked by the discovery of gas burners and giant pots in a filthy outbuilding. The equipment, which Meyer had first guessed was for cooking donkey meat, was being used to process abalone, a marine shellfish smuggled by the ton from South Africa to China each year.
“We weren't thinking about abalone poaching in Bloemfontein,” they say. “That stuff happens at the coast.”
But illicit supply chains cross borders and involve diverse products, driven by the steep margins of the black market. With demand for donkey skins rising sharply in China, wildlife traffickers have begun moving into the trade.
Chinese ejiao producers, concentrated in the remote eastern province of Shandong, consume more than four million donkey skins annually, extracting gelatin according to recipes that date back 2,500 years. Traditionally considered a blood tonic for treating ailments like anemia, ejiao was rebranded as a consumer item in the 1990s, ramping up prices and sales. Products derived from it today include face creams, liqueurs, and sweets.
Workers hold uncured donkey skins at a licensed slaughterhouse in Kenya. In recent years, Africa has begun shipping many more skins to China. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
During the same period, China's donkey population shrank from 11 million to less than 6 million. Confronted with shortages, manufacturers have become increasingly dependent on skins from abroad.
The bulk of the imports come from developing countries where donkeys have historically been cheap, transforming the animals into coveted agricultural commodities. In Niger the average price of a donkey climbed from $34 to $145 between 2012 and 2016. In Kenya prices have more than doubled since February 2017.
This sudden inflation has priced out farmers who rely on donkeys as pack animals, and in some places for food, while the volume of skins sold—80,000 in just nine months in Niger last year, for instance—has raised fears of local donkey extinctions.
To prevent that, since 2016 six African governments have banned donkey skin exports, and six more have shuttered donkey slaughterhouses. But these measures have largely failed to stem the flow of skins and instead have driven large portions of the trade underground.
“All these countries that have taken a stand are still facing massive illegal or unregulated exports,” says Alex Mayers, of the Donkey Sanctuary, a U.K.-based welfare group that reported on the trade earlier this year. "Sourcing is happening in all sorts of creative ways.”
A NEW TARGET FOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKERS
While destined for different markets, shipments of donkey skins present similar logistical challenges to other contraband, placing their handling and transport to Asia within the arc of wildlife traffickers and other groups accustomed to evading the law.
Workers prepare to cure a hide at a licensed slaughterhouse in Kenya. The closure of slaughterhouses in other countries, and rising demand for skins, is spurring underground trade. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
“We've been keeping a close watch on the wildlife crime element,” Mayers says. “There are many rumors, but proving the connection has been difficult.”
Cases like the Bloemfontein raid help connect the dots. Dried abalone, a status food that can sell for more than $90 per pound in China, forms the nucleus of a criminal economy worth millions each year in South Africa, with documented links to money laundering and the drug trade.
Police confiscated fewer than two dozen dried abalone from the Bloemfontein property, a tiny haul given that illicit exports from the country exceed 2,000 tons annually, equivalent to some 500,000 shellfish. But the find added credence to suspicions that donkey skins have been shifting onto the black market.
Further corroboration came in May 2017, when officials seized more than 800 donkey skins from a farm outside Johannesburg. Stashed among bales of donkey hides, they found seven tiger skins, considered a status symbol in China. “The skins were still bloody, like they'd been processed a few days earlier,” said Grace de Lange, an inspector with the SPCA. South Africa has no native tigers, though several hundred are kept in captivity, and trading their parts is weakly regulated.
Donkey skins dry in the sun while a donkey looks on from the shade of a tree at a licensed slaughterhouse in Kenya. In South Africa, on the other hand, most of the donkey skin trade has gone underground, with skins being bought and smuggled by wildlife traffickers. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
At present it's legal to export up to 7,300 donkey skins a year from South Africa. Meat safety regulations require donkeys to be slaughtered in approved equine abattoirs, and only one such slaughterhouse is now operating, with a license to process 20 donkeys a day. (Authorities recently shut down two other slaughterhouses for failing to comply with regulations.)
And yet a single export firm, Anatic Trading, investigated by police in Johannesburg this year, traded more than 15,000 donkey skins in an eight-month period from July 2016 to May 2017, exceeding the entire country's annual legal limit at the time by some 5,000 skins.
“Aside from the animal cruelty issues, we're concerned that these skins could be used to hide other goods,” says Ockie Fourie, a captain with the Stock Theft Unit of the South African Police Service.
This has already been documented in other countries: Police recently apprehended traffickers using donkey skins to smuggle cocaine in Bolivia and Colombia, while the Taliban is believed to have used donkey skins to conceal land mines in Afghanistan.
Skins at a licensed slaughterhouse are packed for export. They'll be boiled to produce a gelatin that's a key ingredient in ejiao, a traditional Chinese medicine to treat blood conditions. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
The lucrative returns in the ejiao industry, in addition to the utility of skins for disguising illicit shipments, appear to be attracting wildlife traffickers in Africa, especially as governments clamp down on the legal donkey trade.
According to one exporter in Kenya, interviewed via WhatsApp on condition of anonymity, Chinese buyers pay $48 per skin. That's equivalent to about $130,000 for a standard 40-foot-long shipping container full of skins, excluding shipping costs..
“The Chinese partners who introduced me to donkey skins in 2015 told me they were selling like hot cakes,” said the exporter, a Congolese man who lived in China for six years. “Business is going very well.”
The Donkey Sanctuary has identified firms in Nigeria, Chad , and Cameroon that advertise donkey skins alongside endangered pangolins, whose international trade is forbidden under CITES.
“To move any illegal product, you need strong social and trade networks,” says Annette Hübschle, a researcher at the University of Cape Town's Institute for Safety Governance and Criminology. “It's essential for smugglers to enter into trusting relationships with people further along the supply chain or disguise their products' illegal status.”
In the 1990s ejiao was rebranded as a consumer item and beauty product, causing sales—and demand for donkey skins—to skyrocket. Photograph by Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty
Hübschle adds, “Due to our reliance on crime reports and limited seizure data, it's difficult to assess the true level of convergence between wildlife trades. Often, fluid interfaces with legal markets are just as important.” By this they mean that traffickers commonly move illicit products using front companies and other legal channels.
Several donkey skin companies in Africa have already been linked to donkey theft and illicit slaughtering. One firm based in Zimbabwe was recently fingered for buying thousands of skins in Botswana and shipping them to China via Mozambique. A recent investigation revealed that Kenyan slaughterhouses were sourcing donkeys from several neighboring countries, with “rife” cross-border smuggling.
Traffickers will be paying attention to these reports, which indicate untapped opportunities in the ejiao sector. “An abalone buyer I know started buying donkey skins last year,” says a former member of South Africa's Chinese mafia, the underworld group that controls the illegal abalone trade. “He's been involved in everything before, from prostitution to selling leopard skins and lion paws. But donkey skins are basically legal. Really, it's easy money.”
This story was supported by a grant from the Africa-China Reporting Project, managed by the Journalism Department of the University of the Witwatersrand.
Kimon de Greef is a freelance journalist from Cape Town. They report widely on illicit trades and is currently writing a book on abalone poaching in South Africa. Follow them on Twitter.
Update May 13th: Lumiya 2.6.1 is now available. This includes a fix to prevent the client crashing when rendering megaprims, improved mesh download speeds and reduced lage when walking.
Alina Lyvette announced the arrival of the latest release of Lumiya on Friday May 9th.
Version 2.6.0 marks the arrival of support for Fitted Mesh and some pretty impressive under-the-hood changes which greatly enhance Lumiya's performance in the areas of memory use, bandwidth utilisation and 3D rendering – and I found the improvements really are noticeable.
Feature Updates
Fitted Mesh Rendering
The Fitted Mesh support is perhaps the most visible update in terms of new features. I only carried out a quick series of tests, but found the FM demos I had from back when testing the SL Fitted Mesh viewer (I'm ashamed to say I've still not actually started using any mesh clothing myself…) worked just fine when rendered by Lumiya.
I did experience slight issues with mesh clothing failing to render when worn, something I don't remember occurring back when mesh support was first released. Should this happen, a quick fix seems to be hopping out of the 3D view and back again.
Request Teleport
Another feature update with this release is the Request Teleport option. This can be accessed by:
Selecting the person you wish to teleport to from your Friends list, or IM
Tapping the MORE option
Tapping Request Teleport. This opens the Request Teleport message screen where you can enter your request text (or leave blank, if you prefer). Tapping OK will close the message window and send the teleport request
If the request is accepted, you will receive a teleport offer, as per usual; if the request is declined, you will not receive any feedback (which is how Request Teleport is handled in the viewer and not a result of Lumiya failing to receive a notification).
Avatar Interaction
Lumiya 2.6.0 makes it easier to interact with nearby avatars when in 3D view by applying a long touch to the centre of an avatar. This may take a little practice, but when used, will call up a menu allowing you to initiate an IM session with that avatar, examine them, etc.
If you have problems using the long touch method when selecting an avatar, don't forget you can also use the Drag To Select option in the top left corner of the 3D view and drag that down to point to the avatar in question.
Under-the-Hood
The under-the-hood changes in 2.6.0 range from fixes for known crash issues through to better support for transparency in the 3D world view and new notification sounds (courtesy of Lhasa Mencur) to some really quite significant performance improvements.
The latter include a reduced memory footprint together with much improved bandwidth usage, both of which see Lumiya operate a lot more smoothly (not that it was ever particularly clunky). Much has been done to the 3D rendering performance and management as well.Also these combined mean it should be much easier to run Lumiya on lower-end system, and for those on high-end devices, to have more of the bells and whistles turned on. In my case, for example, these improvements make it a lot easier to run with High Quality Textures enabled by default on my Nexus 2013 HD.
Feedback
Lumiya has always offered tremendous value for accessing Second Life while on-the-go with a suitable Android device. Even allowing for trying to maintain compatibility with older versions of Android, Alina consistently pulls-off some impressive miracles with the client, and 2.6.0 more than demonstrates this. While the added features may seem minimal (even though mesh support represents considerable work itself), the performance improvements evident in this release are astonishing.
Obviously, with a fairly high-end Android device running Android KitKat and a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon™ S4 Pro, 1.5 GHz / Adreno 320, 400 MHz combination, I stand to benefit the most from the improvements in rendering, but even so, on my old Samsung Galaxy S2 with Android 4.1 Jellybean and Dual-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A9 / Mali-400 combination, things were still noticeably faster.
For those who require access to OpenSim and are Android users with a decent CPU / GPU combination and a reason screen size, Lumiya stands head-and-shoulder above the rest. For those wanting mobile access to Second Life and have limited screen size, it also beats SL Go hands-down in terms of convenience of use, even if it lacks the full rendering capabilities of the latter.
Related Links
Advertisements
Man thwarts San Jose bank robbery suspect
A bank surveillance camera captures an image of former San Francisco Chronicle photographer Kim Komenich (right) waiting in line behind bank robbery suspect Victor Anthony Fernandes at a Wells Fargo branch in San Jose, Calif., on Monday, April 12, 2010. less A bank surveillance camera captures an image of former San Francisco Chronicle photographer Kim Komenich (right) waiting in line behind bank robbery suspect Victor Anthony Fernandes at a Wells Fargo branch in ... more Photo: San Jose Police Department Photo: San Jose Police Department Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Man thwarts San Jose bank robbery suspect 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer Kim Komenich has seen their share of crime and violence while capturing breaking news from behind their camera.
Komenich, a former Chronicle photojournalist who now teaches new media at San Jose State University, can add crime fighter to their list of accomplishments.
On Monday, as Komenich was at a Wells Fargo Bank in downtown San Jose, they saw a teller being robbed and the suspect reaching for their pockets. Komenich walked up behind the suspect and held them in a bear hug until police arrived.
"Between classes, I go out there and do what I can do to make the world a little better for people," Komenich, 53, of Mill Valley quipped Wednesday.
It all started about 3:30 p.m. Monday when Komenich was in line at the bank on South Market Street. They saw a man, whom police later identified as Victor Anthony Fernandes, 45, walk in with two other people.
Fernandes got in line while the others sat down in chairs in the lobby. "They appeared to be a little down on their luck and, possibly, they had a bit to drink," Komenich said.
Fernandes began talking to a teller, and they appeared to be having a normal conversation, Komenich said. But then the suspect raised their voice and told the teller, "Give me your money," Komenich said. The teller complied.
When Fernandes reached into their pocket, Komenich said they thought to himself, "If anything bad is going to happen, it's going to happen next."
So Komenich walked over to the suspect. "I clamped them down in a bear hug," said Komenich, who stands 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 260 pounds. Fernandes is about 5-foot-10 "and maybe 180," Komenich said.
Komenich said they aren't sure, but that they may have lifted the suspect off the ground for a moment. "That sort of established that I had him," they said. Fernandes didn't resist, they said.
Komenich held on for five minutes until police arrived. They found no weapon on Fernandes, whom they arrested along with their two companions, Johnnie Dale Gray, 39, and Tamara Leeann Rennert, 40. All three were being held at Santa Clara County Jail on suspicion of robbery.
"We're applauding the heroic acts of this professor, by all means, but we're not necessarily encouraging this kind of activity," Sgt. Ronnie Lopez, a San Jose police spokesperson, said Wednesday.
Even though the suspect wasn't armed, the potential was there, Lopez said.
"But more importantly, the two other suspects lingering in the background could have had a gun," they said. "Sometimes, taking matters into your own hands could lead to a deadly confrontation."
Komenich said, "My main reason for doing it was that it seemed like the guy was down on their luck. I just didn't want things to escalate. It was sort of a half-baked attempt at a bank robbery."
They added, "All my life, I've been a witness. I haven't really intervened because it was my job to watch."
Komenich has covered stories in Vietnam, the former Soviet Union, El Salvador, Iraq and Guyana.
In 1987, while working for the San Francisco Examiner, Komenich won the Pulitzer Prize for their coverage of the People Power Revolution that forced Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos from office.
Komenich worked at The Chronicle from 200o to 2009. On Wednesday they were back in class at San Jose State, where they are an assistant professor of new media.
Story highlights Execution of Troy Davis in U.S. sparks protests around world
World figures, human groups, commentators urged execution to be halted
EU, French and German governments expressed "deep regret"
Social media users predicted execution would encourage new civil rights movement
Troy Davis may be dead, but their execution Thursday in the American state of Georgia has made them the poster boy for the global movement to end the death penalty.
World figures, including Pope Benedict XVI and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, human rights groups and commentators urged the execution to be halted -- but to no avail. On Wednesday Davis was put to death by lethal injection for the 1989 killing of off-duty police officer Mark MacPhail despite doubts being raised over the conviction.
The execution sparked angry reactions and protests in European capitals -- as well as outrage on social media. "We strongly deplore that the numerous appeals for clemency were not heeded," the French foreign ministry said.
"There are still serious doubts about their guilt," said Germany's junior minister for human rights Markus Loening. "An execution is irreversible -- a judicial error can never be repaired."
The European Union expressed "deep regret" over the execution and repeated its call for a universal moratorium on capital punishment.
JUST WATCHED Davis lawyers: Innocent man 'lynched' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Davis lawyers: Innocent man 'lynched' 01:36
JUST WATCHED Slain cop's mother: Justice served Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Slain cop's mother: Justice served 02:08
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said the bloc had learnt "with deep regret that Mr Troy Davis was executed," their spokesperson Maja Kocijancic told Agence-France Presse.
'"The EU opposes the use of capital punishment in all circumstances and calls for a universal moratorium," they said.
"The abolition of that penalty is essential to protect human dignity."
Amnesty International condemned the execution in a statement. "The U.S. justice system was shaken to its core as Georgia executed a person who may well be innocent. Killing a man under this enormous cloud of doubt is horrific and amounts to a catastrophic failure of the justice system," Amnesty said.
In Britain's Guardian newspaper, Ed Pilkington, reporting from Jackson, Georgia, before the execution took place, gave 10 reasons why they believed the death sentence for "a man who is very possibly innocent" should be commuted.
Most of their argument concerned doubts about the conviction -- seven of the nine key witnesses to the murder of MacPhail later recanted their evidence -- but their final reason concerned the manner in which Davis was put to death.
"Even if you set aside the issue of Davis's innocence or guilt, the manner of their execution tonight is cruel and unnatural," Jackson wrote. "If the execution goes ahead as expected, it would be the fourth scheduled execution date for this prisoner. In 2008 they were given a stay just 90 minutes before they were set to die. Experts in death row say such multiple experiences with imminent death is tantamount to torture."
JUST WATCHED Davis case to become global 'scandal' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Davis case to become global 'scandal' 01:09
JUST WATCHED Davis maintains innocence to end Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Davis maintains innocence to end 03:30
In the right-of-center Daily Telegraph, Tom Chivers said the death penalty was "barbaric" and far more likely to be used against black people than white. But the main thrust of their argument was that there were serious doubts over the conviction.
"If you are pro-death penalty, you should be shouting twice as loud as the rest of us about the imminent murder of Troy Davis," Chivers wrote. "Otherwise, you can't claim to be supporting a stark but necessary act of justice. You're just a fan of killing people in general. There are words for people like that. None of them are nice."
On social media, many users predicted the execution would encourage a new civil rights movement to spring up. American novelist Hari Kunzru commented that on the issue of capital punishment the U.S. was isolated from much of the rest of the world "So I wake up to hear they executed Troy Davis. Wonder if most Americans realize how far out of step they are with international norms."
Speaking to CNN's Fareed Zakaria Sunday afternoon, Wall Street Journal‘s Bret Stephens said that it was important for Donald Trump to lose the general election so utterly that the Republican party and its voters “learn their lesson” and never nominate someone like them ever agin.
Stephens has been one of Trump's most outspoken conservative critics, writing in March, for instance, that Trump is essentially an amplified version of Barack Obama. Both men were “epic narcissists who see themselves as singularly suited to redeem an America that is not only imperfect but fundamentally broken,” they wrote.
“The candidacy of Donald Trump is the open sewer of American conservatism,” they wrote on another occasion.
“I most certainly will not vote for Donald Trump,” Stephens told Zakaria, adding that they wanted to “make sure they are the biggest loser in presidential history” in a very long time.
Stephens continued: “It's important that Donald Trump and what they represent — this kind of ethnic quote ‘conservatism' or populism — be so decisively rebuked that the Republican party, the Republican voters learn their lesson that they cannot nominate a man so manifestly unqualified to be president in any way, shape, or form.”
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
According to recently released transcripts from Square Enix's latest quarterly conference for investors, the publisher has big plans for North America and Europe, including an aim to "aggressively roll out both catalog and new titles to the Western markets going forward.”
Essentially, Square Enix plans to enhance digital sales by updating and integrating its own sales websites. This includes the development of an app version to “create a design that provides our customers with a seamless, user-friendly means of making purchases.” Additionally, “Multi Platform Utilization” will be a focus, something in which CEO Yosuke Matsuda mentioned was “the concept of essentially providing our contents on all of our platforms.”
They expressed the intention to design games able to generate recurring revenue streams in the future, saying, "Titles that have become global hits recently have tended to be offered via the 'Games as a Service' model, and we believe this is going to be the mainstream model for gaming in the future. In developing future titles, we will approach game design with a mind to generate recurring revenue streams.”
Though no new use on Final Fantasy VII Remake and Kingdom Hearts 3 were given, the common misconception is that each will release by 2020 at the earliest. Though this could very well be possible, when Matsuda displayed the slide featured below, they explained that the games marked “FY2018/3 and beyond” will be launched “in the next three years or so", meaning each could easily come much earlier than in three years.
The slide also includes the recently announced Marvel IP license, which is realistically within a three year time frame, since it will be revealed next year.
What do you think of Square Enix's approach? Let us know in the comments below!
Source:
http://www.hd.square-enix.com/eng/news/pdf/17q4outline.pdf
A man was rushed to hospital from the exclusive Knightsbridge neighbourhood of London Monday evening after they were the target of an apparent acid attack.
The unidentified 47-year-old is reported to have been the victim of an attempted robbery close to luxury department store Harrods, when men riding a moped threw a liquid into the face of the man. London's Evening Standard reports the man was not seriously injured in the attack, but that the men on the moped used acid in an attempt to steal the victim's “expensive watch”.
There have been no arrests, and officers are appealing for witnesses.
A police spokesperson said of the attack: “Officers from Kensington & Chelsea Borough are investigating, and at this early stage it is believed the liquid was thrown at the victim during an attempted robbery.”
This latest attack is just one of hundreds that have taken place in London in the past 12 months, and comes just weeks after an 84-minute acid-attack spree, in which five people had “noxious liquid” sprayed in their faces. At least one victim suffered “life changing injuries” in July as two men riding mopeds attacked food delivery riders across London, stealing their bikes after disabling the owners with acid.
Breitbart London reported at the time as two teens were arrested after the attacks, with a 16-year-old charged with 15 offences relating to the attacks including three counts of robbery; four counts of attempted robbery; one count of possession of an item to discharge a noxious substance; five counts of attempted GBH with intent; one count of GBH with intent and one count of handling stolen goods.
London police are changing the way they respond to the attacks, with 1,000 so-called acid response kits placed in fast-response police cars. Consisting of protective equipment and a five-litre bottle of water, London's Fire Brigade is also being called in to douse acid attack victims with high quantities of water as quickly as possible — the best way to neutralise the flesh-destroying substances before being taken to a hospital.
We all know that animals need plants to survive, but most of us wouldn't expect the culling of wild dingoes in outback Australia to have an effect on native grass.
But a new study shows that's not the case – removing dingoes has had a surprising effect on grass and other planet life on the Australian outback, and it's created a cascade effect that's led to an over-abundance of woody shrubs.
"Woody shrubs pose a major problem for farmers and their abundance in semi-arid areas has risen dramatically in recent decades," says one of the researchers, Mike Letnic, from the University of New South Wales (UNSW) in Australia.
"These weeds reduce the availability of feed for livestock and hinder access for mustering. But removing them is contentious, because they are classified as native vegetation."
To see if dingoes and other mammals could have anything to do with this, the study compared either side of a so-called dingo fence - a 2-metre tall, 5,600-kilometre-long fence erected to keep wild dingoes out of south-eastern Australia.
On the western side, dingoes are able to roam mostly free in a happy dingo utopia, while on the eastern side, there are very few of them, due to legal culling, baiting and trapping over a number of decades.
The researchers examined aerial photographs from 1948 to 1999 on either sides of the fence, finding that woody shrubs were 26 to 48 percent more prevalent on the side without the dingoes, even if cows were grazing in the area.
"The fence provides a rare, large-scale natural experiment to examine the effects that a top predator such as the dingo has on ecosystems," says one of the team, Christopher Gordon, from Western Sydney University.
"We found that shrub cover had increased on the dingo-free side in both areas, one that had been used for livestock grazing and one that had not been grazed since the 1970s," they add.
"This suggests overgrazing by livestock may not be the main cause of shrub spread, as had been thought."
Obviously the carnivorous dingoes aren't eating or destroying the shrubs – so what gives?
Well it's a classic case of an apex predator being removed from an ecosystem, and everything (but the shrubs) suffering as a result.
The researchers investigated the numbers of small mammals on each side of the fence, and, with one in particular, the dusky hopping mouse, they found a connection.
"Our results suggest a cascading effect. A loss of dingoes allows foxes and feral cats to thrive and prey on the small mammals that eat the shrub seeds. Fewer small mammals means the shrubs can spread," says Gordon.
"This is the first study to link shrub encroachment to loss of an apex predator like the dingo, and it could explain shrub spread in many other areas around the globe."
While the debate rages in Australia whether moving, or even destroying the fence is a good idea, at least scientists are still discovering new information.
The paper has been published in the Journal of Animal Ecology.
UNSW Science is a sponsor of ScienceAlert. Find out more about their world-leading research.
Scott Sinclair has played 69 minutes of league football in seven months for Manchester City © PA Photos Enlarge
Roberto Mancini has admitted Scott Sinclair's future could lie away from Manchester City and that it is better for them to leave after a disastrous year at the Etihad Stadium.
The winger was a £6.2 million signing from Swansea on transfer deadline day in August but has started two league games for City, both in September.
The 24-year-old has played 69 minutes of league football in the last seven months but manager Mancini insists he, and not Sinclair, is to blame for the transfer backfiring.
Sinclair suggested they have to leave City in the summer and Swansea manager Michael Laudrup is considering re-signing the Englishman.
Mancini said: "Scott is young and they have good quality but this year was difficult for him. It is better is if they can have another solution.
"This situation with Sinclair is difficult because I didn't give them a lot of chances to play.  They are very unlucky. It is my fault, not their fault. A young player like Scott who is a good player deserves to play always. For him, it was a really difficult year.
"He did everything well, they worked well, they are a good guy, they deserve to play."
City go to Sinclair's former club Swansea on Saturday with Mancini hoping their side can seal second place in the Premier League as soon as possible.
Mancini added: "If we win we can have a chance to play the young players and also the players who play for the second team to play in the last two games. For us, it could be important for the future."
City have no new injury worries as they prepare for the trip to the Liberty Stadium.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The many establishment analysts who portrayed the Communist Chinese dictatorship's new Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) as a supposed “rival” to the Western globalist-led international economic order must be awfully embarrassed right now. And those who believed them, hoping the brutal Beijing regime's bank was going to stand up to the World Bank-International Monetary Fund axis in particular, must be sorely disappointed. It turns out the scandal-plagued World Bank and the Communist Party of China-controlled AIIB are going to be proud partners in globalism. Together, the organizations will seek to promote the dangerous agenda known as “sustainable development” while undermining national sovereignty across Asia by bankrolling regional integration.
In a barely noticed press release sent out last week, the Chinese autocrats' international “development” organ, formally born just months ago, celebrated its first official joint financing agreement with the globalist World Bank. The two transnational mega-banks agreed to a “co-financing framework” that will facilitate joint AIIB-World Bank projects, including some that will begin this year. According to the announcement, the AIIB plans to approve some $1.2 billion in project financing this year, “with World Bank joint projects anticipated to account for a sizable share.” There are close to a dozen joint projects all over Asia being discussed right now in everything from transportation to water and energy, the banks said.
“I am delighted that today we are raising our partnership to a new level,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong gushed in a statement posted on the Washington, D.C.-based organization's website. “Signing this agreement enables our institutions to finance development projects together, and that is an important first step toward working with a new partner to address the world's huge infrastructure needs. As the world's multilateral development banks collaborate ever more closely, leveraging each other's financing and expertise, the people who will benefit the most will be the world's poor.”
The Communist Party of China operative leading the AIIB, Jin Liqun, who served as the brutal communist dictatorship's “vice minister of finance” before joining the Rothschild-led “Inclusive Capitalism” bandwagon, also celebrated the deal. “I am very pleased today to sign this co-financing agreement together with World Bank Group President Kim,” Jin said in a statement. “The AIIB is very grateful for the generous and timely support offered by the World Bank Group throughout our establishment process, and we look forward to a long and fruitful relationship with ongoing cooperation in project co-financing and other areas.”
With the announcement, the two globalist financing giants confirmed what The New American has been reporting for over a year. “Despite establishment efforts to paint the AIIB as a potential 'rival' to existing globalist institutions such as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, the Beijing-led bank will fit nicely with what the Communist Chinese regime and Western globalists all regularly refer to as the emerging 'New World Order,'” this magazine reported in April of last year, citing official statements and mountains of evidence that the regime in Beijing is fully on-board with the globalist agenda.
Those analysts who relied on establishment sources for their information, however, sounded a bit confused. “The Beijing-based AIIB has long been considered a potential rival to the World Bank, and received initial opposition from the United States — the World Bank's largest shareholder — over concerns that the new institution would not adhere to environmental and social safeguards or procurement standards,” reported Devex.com, a leading source for news on the shadowy world of what globalists refer to as “development” machinations. Of course, it was only “long considered a potential rival to the World Bank” by those who still rely on the establishment press or Beijing's propaganda organs for information.
In what appeared to be a carefully orchestrated propaganda stunt, the Obama administration did initially lead the world and the establishment press to believe it was opposed to the Chinese regime's effort to build its own new world bank. Then, when all of the U.S. government's staunchest alleged allies joined forces with Beijing's bank anyway, giving America what both the establishment press and the communist dictatorship's propaganda organs described as a “black eye,” Obama officials pretended to reluctantly get behind the effort to avoid being left out in the cold by a more powerful and clever regime in Beijing. It was a major, if half-baked, propaganda coup for communist dictatorship and its bank.
The Reuters news agency, a key globalist mouthpiece promoting the establishment's narrative, summed up how the public is supposed to understand what happened and what is happening. “The new bank, which signals China's growing economic clout, will provide an alternative to the World Bank and other Western-dominated multilateral investment banks,” the news agency claimed, without a hint of irony, in a report about its new collaboration agreement with the World Bank. “Despite opposition from Washington, U.S. allies including Australia, Britain, German, Italy, the Philippines and South Korea have agreed to join the AIIB.” At least that is what you are supposed to believe.
The message to humanity is simple: The United States is on its way down, Communist China is on its way up, and Beijing will be a key player in what top globalists and Chinese Communists all openly refer to as the “New World Order.” As The New American has documented extensively, though, it was hardly an accidental process. In fact, the mass-murdering Chinese Communists have been supported by crucial backers among the Western establishment since the days of Chairman Mao and what Council on Foreign Relations types painted as their band of mere “agrarian reformers.” After a visit to China, globalist architect David Rockefeller wrote in the New York Times: “The social experiment in China under Chairman Mao's leadership is one of the most important and successful in human history.” Estimates suggest more than 60 million human beings died in what Rockefeller called one of the most "succesful" "experiments" in human history, making Mao the most prolific mass-murder to have walked the Earth.
Of course, that support from Western globalists for the savage dictatorship in China continues to this day. The Obama administration, for example, has been training Chinese military forces, after the Clinton administration provided some of America's most sensitive military technology to the regime. Communist Chinese agents are also being installed in leadership positions across a dizzying array of key UN agencies and other power centers of “global governance.” Rothschild banking dynasty protege George Soros even called publicly for the savage regime in Beijing to “own” what they called the “New World Order” as United States influence and power recedes.
Ironically, perhaps, the World Bank itself has been using U.S. taxpayer funds (and money the U.S. government borrows from Communist China) to build up Beijing's economy — and its power. “Basically Chinese money is round-tripping — and, given that the World Bank lends to China on concessionary terms, hapless U.S. taxpayers are picking up the tab for the subsidized rise of a mercantilist rival to the United States,” explained analyst Eamonn Fingleton in an article headlined “How America's Hapless Taxpayers Are Funding China's Growth” published in Forbes. “Adding insult to injury is that the World Bank has done nothing to pressure the Chinese to honor their commitments to open their markets.”
“Worse it has been financing the Chinese Export-Import Bank, whose principal raison d'etre is to hollow out manufacturing industries in the United States and other Western nations,” Fingleton continued. “Perhaps most startlingly the World Bank has advanced $15 billion to help build up the Chinese aerospace industry. That is a large dagger aimed at the heart of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, and other American aerospace companies. It is not as if the United States can afford to take a laid back view anymore. Aerospace is the last American major manufacturing industry that has not already become completely hollowed out.”
It gets even more ridiculous, though, if that can be believed. “The full absurdity of the World Bank's activities is apparent only when you look at the two nations' overall aggregates: a current account deficit of $600 billion for the United States last year versus a current account surplus for China of $281 billion,” the Forbes analyst concluded. “Why is the largest debtor nation in history — which is, of course, the United States — exporting capital to the largest creditor nation, China?” When the globalist agenda for the “New World Order” and for China's role in it is understood, the answer to the question is obvious.
For now, it appears that the corruption-laden World Bank, infamous for financing brutality, mass displacements, globalism, and even killings, will take the lead on joint projects. The Communist Chinese bank, meanwhile, will be learning from its elder partner while helping to fund part of the agenda. “The AIIB is only now increasing their staff,” explained World Bank boss Kim. “So likely, the first projects will be that we do all of that project preparation, we do all the work that requires huge amounts of staff in a large and institutional infrastructure, and then they will simply co-finance.” Because Americans are the largest “shareholders” and financiers of the World Bank, it seems that U.S. taxpayers will again be subsidizing projects for Asia, and China in particular.
News of the new agreement comes on the heels of a massive international scandal surrounding the top Communist Chinese officials and their family members, many of whom, including family members of dictator Xi Jinping himself, were exposed in shady dealings in the “Panama Papers” leak. How the World Bank plans to protect its shareholders and U.S. taxpayers in particular from the Communist Chinese regime's widespread corruption and graft was not made clear in the cooperation announcement.
The American people should immediately urge Congress to defund the World Bank, the IMF, and other globalist outfits that are being used to build up the much-touted “New World Order.” Unless it is stopped, traditional American-style liberty will continue to wane as Communist Chinese-style tyranny becomes the norm.
Alex Newman, a foreign correspondent for The New American, is normally based in Europe. Follow them on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. They can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Photo of AIIB headquarters in Beijing: AP Images
Related articles:
China: Staking Claim in the New World Order
U.S. Allies Join Communist Chinese-led International Bank
World Bank Schemes Displace Millions of Victims
World Bank Insider Blows Whistle on Corruption, Federal Reserve
Rothschild Crony Capitalist Summit Plots Against Free Markets
China, G77 Tyrants, and UN Boss Demand “New World Order”
BRICS Regimes Forge New World Bank, Call for Global Currency
With Dollar Demise in Focus, Beijing Pushes “New World Order”
In Latin America, Russia and China Push New World Order
IMF May Move From D.C. to Beijing, Chief Says
China Betrayed Into Communism
Chinese Spying in the United States
Chinese Tyranny 2.0
Obama Steps Up U.S. Training of Communist Chinese Military
Beijing Boasts of Its "Crucial Role" in UN Plan for Humanity
Chinese Communist to Lead UN Agency Seeking to Control Internet
Communist Chinese Regime Forcing Rural Population Into Cities
Remembering the Mass-murderer Mao
Communist Chinese Authorities Still Repressing Christians
Carbon Scam by UN and World Bank Behind “Genocidal” Land Grabs
This cigar was reviewed blind (no bands) by a panel of at least 4 reviewers. They did not know what they were smoking beforehand. The scores are an average of all the reviewers' scores with outliers removed.
Vital Stats:
Vitola: Double Robusto
Length: 5″
Ring Gauge: 60
Country of Origin: Dominican Republic
Wrapper: Pennsylvania Broadleaf
Binder: Dominican Habano
Filler: Dominican, Nicaraguan
Factory: Undisclosed
Blender: Undisclosed
Number of reviewers: 5 —– Craig (WyldKnyght) Robert (NavyPiper) Milton (mjohnsoniii) James (dscl) Emmett (rhetorik)
Price: $7.30
Age: 2 Months Rest
Release Date: 2010
Contributed by: Flatbed Cigar Company
Initial Impressions
Appearance: 90
“The appearance of this large cigar is pretty good. The wrapper is a medium-dark brown and very toothy, like Cameroon, but darker than is typical. The double cap is a little sloppy and there are a few veins present, but nothing offensive. Most of the veins are under the wrapper.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Aroma: 90
“There were definitive notes of strong tobacco and barnyard scents along with some sweetness.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
First Third
Flavor: 89
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“This robusto cigar started out with a strange but rather intriguing taste. It was a mixture of pepper, spice and some herbs. As it continued on, I began tasting a bit of nuttiness along with wood.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“This third start off with some really unique flavors. The base layer is earth and leather, but there is a spice I'm picking up that I don't usually get from cigars, the closest descriptor I can come up with is oregano. The draw is light and airy, it takes a good 4 puffs to get it going, but when you do, there's lots of smoke. The burn is a struggle. Towards the end of the third, the spice starts turning to pepper.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Second Third
Flavor: 89
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“The flavor mellowed right out during the 2nd third with a nice smooth creamy woody/hay flavor. Lots of creamy thick smoke, I was really starting to enjoy this cigar at the halfway mark.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
“The wood and burnt toast are still present, and after halfway through the third, began getting a white pepper and an ‘incense' type flavor that comes and goes. Really hope things improve with this sample.” –Robert (NavyPiper)
Final Third
Flavor: 91
Strength: Medium-Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
“Finally! In the final third this stogie came alive! Lots of creamy smoke coating the palate, and the flavors really ramped up nicely. Flavors present were toast, spice, and the white pepper, all consistent through the third. This third really was good. Wish the first two thirds would've been like this.” –Robert (NavyPiper)
“The burn line has continued to be razor sharp and the flavor has gotten deeper, but the wrapper has once again cracked.” –James (dscl)
Overall Impressions
Draw: 90
“Aside from the first 3/4″ the draw was excellent, perhaps a little open for some, but great in my opinion.” –James (dscl)
Burn: 89
“Although a bit uneven at times, the burn didn't give much trouble at all and didn't require any touch-ups.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
Construction: 90
“This cigar was very well constructed, nice and firm with no soft spots, other than the cracked wrapper at the end, I had no issues.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
Overall Strength: Medium-Strong
Overall Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
Overall Experience: 89
“I really enjoyed this cigar, it really hit the spot at the halfway mark and just got better as I finished it. Can't wait to find out what it was, I will be buying more.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
“This sample was very frustrating and discouraging. The wrapper was too bloody thin to start with! It cracked just punching the cap, and just holding it caused it to bust up even more, and this was before lighting it. You know, I really hope I had a fluke, that one that is totally opposite from the others in the box. By the end of the 2nd third I was ready to chuck it, but the final third made it worth it. I wish the whole stick would've had the flavors and behaved like this third! I'm curious what it is. I'd like to try another one to see how it is, but at this time I'm not ready to invest in a box. Thicker wrapper would go a long way…” –Robert (NavyPiper)
“This was a decent cigar that lasted a little over an hour. Would I recommend it to my buddies? Definitely. I don't think I'd spend my last dime on one but it was well worth the time spent smoking it. I would keep a few of these in the humi. Who knows? Maybe with a bit more age on them, they could turn out to be excellent cigars.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“Overall the cigar was highly enjoyable and I would certainly smoke another one or three. If the cigar had a bit more transition in flavors it would have scored higher, but it was still a good smoke.” –James (dscl)
“The flavors were promising at first, but quickly became boring. The construction was quite bad on my sample and made for a pretty unenjoyable experience. The large ring gauge definitely hurt this cigar, and may have produced a different experience in another vitola. I would try it again if the other panelists have a different experience, but at this point I cannot recommend this to anyone.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Smoking Time (in minutes): 77
Total Score: 90 (Very Good)
Reviewer Appea-rance Aroma 1/3 2/3 3/3 Draw Burn Constr. Overall Overall 90 90 89 89 91 90 89 90 89 Craig 88 90 90 90 92 92 92 92 90 Robert 88 88 85 85 90 83 75 85 75 Milton 97 90 88 92 92 90 90 92 90 James 95 95 90 90 90 92 95 90 92 Emmett 90 90 92 88 83 85 80 75 85
To view the complete scores and notes, click here.
Blind Cigar Review: Panacea | Green 560
Man accused of masturbating in front of an American woman in Mumbai has been arrested by the Colaba police.
An FIR was registered against the man on Tuesday for outraging a woman's modesty. The police had recorded the woman's statement.
Following the incident, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had directed Joint CP Deven Bharti to look into the matter.
An expat living in Mumbai had alleged that a man masturbated in front of them in broad daylight. Maryanna Abdo posted the man's photo on Twitter and said that they ran away after being confronted.
They also added that the other two people, dressed in olive-green in the photo, were kind enough to respond to their calls for help.
Later, Abdo thanked people on the micro-blogging site for the overwhelming support they received from across India.
"I am now in touch with the police here and am I handing this matter over to them. I have therefore decided to take down the picture," they had tweeted.
After a three-year investigation, the Justice Department has accused Joe Arpaio, the sheriff of Maricopa County, Ariz., and longtime darling of the anti-immigrant crowd, of “unconstitutional policing” and creating a “pervasive culture of bias” against Latinos.
So what did Gov. Rick Perry of Texas, the sheriff's chosen candidate for president, have to say? “These people are out after Sheriff Joe,” they told Fox News while campaigning in Iowa. They said they hadn't read the report but vowed that if they were elected they would keep the federal government's hands off the states, condemning the Justice Department for suing Arizona, Alabama and other states for their extremist anti-immigrant laws.
The Justice Department's findings are horrible but not surprising. In a letter released Thursday, Thomas Perez, the assistant attorney general of the civil rights division, said that the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office engaged in “unconstitutional policing” at every level, from deputies to the sheriff himself, racially profiled Latinos and made unlawful stops, detentions and arrests of Latinos.
It backs up those charges with tens of thousands of pages of evidence and interviews with more than 400 people, including 75 current and former personnel in the sheriff's office.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The letter said Latino drivers were four to nine times more likely than non-Latinos to be stopped on Maricopa County roads. It noted many examples of arbitrary and unlawful immigration crackdowns, of crime sweeps initiated not because of crime, but because the office had received reports of people with “dark skin” or speaking Spanish. (One such raid was conducted in Sun City, a retirement community, two weeks after Sheriff Arpaio received a letter complaining that employees at a McDonald's there did not speak English.)
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It found that the department used excessive force against Latinos and abused Latino inmates in its jails. That it failed to investigate more than 400 reported sex crimes. And that it unlawfully retaliated against people who complained about or criticized the department and it obstructed the Justice Department investigation.
Mr. Arpaio hasn't just been a favorite of the Republicans. The Department of Homeland Security has long been an ally and enabler of Mr. Arpaio through its local-policing programs: 287(g) and Secure Communities. On Thursday, hours after the Perez letter was released, it finally ended the sheriff's 287(g) jail-monitoring program and denied them access to Secure Communities data. It should have done this long ago; it's hard to imagine that Immigration and Customs Enforcement could have been blind for so long to the oppression in Maricopa County.
If you've been reading my blog for a while and have been observant, you may have noticed that I use created and evolved more-or-less interchangeably. At one time I was a strong creationist, but that was years ago. Now I tend use whichever one is more convenient. Evolution makes logical sense, the evidence I've reviewed seems to support it, and seems to be supported by those who know more than me about the science involved, so I accept it as fact. On the other hand, I would not be overly surprised if liberals and their pet scientists have constructed a false scientific narrative on this issue. Whatever the case, I accept evolution as fact but do not discount the possibility of creationism, and tend to use whichever happens to be most convenient at the time.
The veracity of evolution has no impact on my faith either way. Did God create man through natural evolutionary processes, did They create man through guided evolutionary processes, did They create man from ashes in a literal 168-hour period? It doesn't matter. Maybe God was being literal when having man dictate Their Word, maybe They were being figurative and poetic, maybe They wanted the focus to be on the more important underlying points, or maybe explaining 20th century biological science to iron age nomadic shepherds was not the point of the Biblical narrative.
This has been my position for many years. It doesn't matter, but recently, I've begun to think that it dose matter but in a completely different way.
The problem with the creation/evolution debate is not whether one or the other is fact, but the entire frame of the debate itself. The whole creation/evolution debate is an example of both creationists and atheists being pwned by modernity. Any Christian jumping into that debate has already lost themselves to modernism and its secular worldview.
Creationists have lost completely their conception of primal/mythic truth. They can not conceive of Truth apart from fact, so their faith rests on a literal interpretation of what is fairly obviously poetical and has a high chance of not being meant to be understood literally. They believe that if creation as written isn't fact then it can't be true and therefore the Bible is false and the faith is false.
This is false. Whether the literal creation is fact or not does not impact whether it is true. It is the myth, the Truth, of man's relationship to God, man's relation to nature, man's purpose, man's blessing, man's relation to woman, and man's sins. This is all true, whether or not the literal creation is fact. To rest the basis of the mythic truth of these claims on the fact truth of a poetic narrative of creation is to allow their greater humanity to be pwned by the modern's soulless materialism.
As I said recently, “Modernism, in its essence, is the destruction of myth in the human experience and its replacement by fact, often false. Modernism is the entirety of truth being conquered by fact. Buying into the naturalist, materialist world-view is to swallow modernity whole.” To debate creationism as a science is to accept the modern frame. If you do so, you are already a materialist. You have accepted Nietzsche cry of “God is dead” and have embraced the death of metaphysics. You have embraced positivism as the only way.
By accepting the modern frame, creationism has made positivism their god.
Positivism has it's place, the realm of fact. Science discovers fact, mundane truth, but it doesn't discover Truth and it cannot create Truth, it cannot even create truth. To elevate science above its place is to destroy reason and Truth.
The creation myth is not a mundane truth under the yoke of positivism; to treat it as such is to degrade it. To look for Truth in science is to degrade yourself, to kill your own soul.
We can see soul-killing of the positivist approach to creation through the vulgar atheists. We can see them degrade themselves. They accept positivism in theory, but it kills their soul. So, to save their soul, they deify science and create a nonsense modernist morality based on rehashed puritanism. Simply read this from the statement of Aims and Principles of the American Atheists:
Materialism restores dignity and intellectual integrity to humanity. It teaches that we must prize our life on earth and strive always to improve it. It holds that human beings are capable of creating a social system based on reason and justice. Materialism's “faith” is in humankind and their ability to transform the world culture by their own efforts.
Their positivism has so mutilated their mind and soul that they look at nothing and create a religious faith of it while decrying religion and faith. They need myth, they need Truth, but have none, so they have to make up blatantly self-refuting falsehoods to succor themselves. How could any mind not raped by modernism possibly “think” ‘I am nothing but an accident of material laws, therefore my life is to be prized'?
They deify themselves, they deify science, they deify ‘reason', they deify humanity, because they have been broken creatures needing Truth, searching for Truth, in a system that denies the existence of Truth. It's inhuman.
Don't let yourself be pwned by modernity and positivism. Reject creationism; reject vulgar atheism; reject positivism; reject modernism.
BROOKLYN HEIGHTS, BROOKLYN — A local Jewish cultural organization will host the ultimate traditional Jewish dessert event this month, "From Here to Halvah," where those with an eclectic sweet tooth can eat their hearts out while learning about the history of the sweets they're tasting. The Workmen's Circle, a NYC-based organization that promotes community education about Jewish history and culture, will host the event that features confections from Shelsky's of Brooklyn, Danny Macaroons and Breads Bakery.
While attendees eat piles of macaroons and other Jewish treats (and drink wine, beer and coffee), Leah Koenig, author of Modern Jewish Cooking, will host a panel on Jewish desserts featuring Gabriella Gershenson, who has written for Rachael Ray Every Day Magazine, Saveur Magazine, and Time Out New York; Adina Steiman, special projects editor at Epicurious; and Dan Cohen, owner of Danny Macaroons.
"From Here to Halvah" is the first event of the year for the Workmen's Circle's annual Taste of Jewish Culture series, which also includes the Taste of Jewish Culture Street Fair the last Sunday in June.
The sweets showcase takes place at Shelsky's of Brooklyn at 141 Court St. in Brooklyn on Wednesday, Feb. 15 from 7 - 10 p.m.
Tickets are $35, including the program, dessert and drinks. Buy them here.
Lead photo by Robert Couse-Baker/Flickr/CC by 3.0
Roger Stone, an informal adviser and confidant to Donald Trump, appeared this morning on “Breitbart News Daily,” where they accused Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin of potentially being a spy for Saudi Arabia and radical Islamist groups.
“Now that Islamic terrorism is going to be front and center, there's going to be a new focus on whether this administration, the administration of Hillary Clinton at State, was permeated at the highest levels by Saudi intelligence and others who are not loyal Americans,” they said. “I speak specifically of Huma Abedin.”
Stone said that Abedin, who has been the target of several far-right conspiracy theories, comes from a family of “hardcore Islamic ideologues” and “has a very troubling past, they come out of nowhere.”
“We have to ask: Do we have a Saudi spy in our midst? Do we have a terrorist agent?” they added.
In the past, Stone has suggested that Abedin is Clinton's secret lesbian lover.
Philosophy is the study of the nature of reality and existence, of what is possible to know, and of right and wrong behavior. It comes from the Greek word phílosophía, meaning 'the love of wisdom.' It is one of the most important fields of human thought as it aspires to get at the very meaning of life.
World Philosophy Day was introduced in 2002 by UNESCO (the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) with the following objectives:
to renew the national, subregional, regional and international commitment to philosophy; to foster philosophical analysis, research and studies on major contemporary issues, so as to respond more effectively to the challenges that are confronting humanity today; to raise public awareness of the importance of philosophy and its critical use in the choices arising for many societies from the effects of globalization or entry into modernity; to appraise the state of philosophy teaching throughout the world, with special emphasis on unequal access; to underline the importance of the universalization of philosophy teaching for future generations.
In 2005 the UNESCO General Conference proclaimed that World Philosophy Day would be celebrated every third Thursday of November.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Aug. 22, 2013, 11:35 AM GMT
On Thursday, Bradley Manning made the announcement in a TODAY exclusive that they would like to live as a woman, and will now be known as Chelsea. Below is Manning's full statement to the public:
Subject: The Next Stage of My Life
I want to thank everybody who has supported me over the last three years. Throughout this long ordeal, your letters of support and encouragement have helped keep me strong. I am forever indebted to those who wrote to me, made a donation to my defense fund, or came to watch a portion of the trial. I would especially like to thank Courage to Resist and the Bradley Manning Support Network for their tireless efforts in raising awareness for my case and providing for my legal representation.
As I transition into this next phase of my life, I want everyone to know the real me. I am Chelsea Manning. I am a female. Given the way that I feel, and have felt since childhood, I want to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible. I hope that you will support me in this transition. I also request that, starting today, you refer to me by my new name and use the feminine pronoun (except in official mail to the confinement facility). I look forward to receiving letters from supporters and having the opportunity to write back.
Thank you,
Chelsea E. Manning
‘Transparency', ‘ready availability of data', ‘digital solutions through mobile applications', and the like are all terms that didn't exist in the jargon of the agricultural sector until some time ago – but they have turned into buzzwords today. Novel as the concept is and hi-tech as it may sound, at the bottom it actually contributes to improving the lives of smallholder farmers in agribusiness.
Agriculture Sector
Like most industries, the agriculture sector too is undergoing a sea-change and is coming ever closer to using technology to bring in transparency and efficiency with lots of innovations in the mobile and IT space, creating a huge impact on farming. SourceTrace is a pioneering company in this sector that has created a USP for itself with its ability to go to the first mile and last mile with equal ease. SourceTrace's solutions can operate in remote locations to collect farmer, farm and crop-based information, recording them digitally and making data and analytics readily available to the management. This is the crucial factor that enables correct and timely decision making. SourceTrace also provides technology for traceability and certification solutions for various products that ultimately get farmer cooperatives into the formal agriculture sector fold, which is an important step in enhancing farmer livelihoods.
Operating in these sectors so far been a great opportunity for SourceTrace to create social change, and it has also turned it into a viable business model. This has become possible because of its deep expertise and understanding in developing mobile applications; the platform ‘eServices everywhere' has been developed over the years with a lot of investment.
To appreciate SourceTrace's solutions and the impact it has been able to create, here's a brief analysis of the change that some of its customer organisations have experienced:
Aarong: Aarong is a social enterprise of BRAC that deals with retailing handicraft products sourced from small producers. A social enterprise would clearly require not just a social compliance program to be put in place, an efficient one at that. That's when Aarong decided to digitize the entire process, for which, SourceTrace'ssolution was most suitable. This enabled transmission of data from remote areas, streamlining of data collection, provision of necessary support for management reporting, administrative functions and communication with producers. It increased efficiency and reduced cost of access to producer's information and delivery of services.
Aditi Organic Certifications Pvt Ltd: As a certifying agency for agricultural products, Aditi Certifications Pvt Ltd., the issue was of putting in place a digitally functioning internal control system and certifying process and discarding the out-dated manually operated system. The eSe platform was able to digitize the inspection process and provide centralized data for the management information system.
Indong: Indong works with more than a thousand cassava producers in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Indong deployed SourceTrace's applications to formalize and manage their farm base, include remote communities into the market, and procure the cassava. Through the use of this software, Indong has been able to formalize its relationship with isolated farmers and integrate them into the agriculture value chain. It has also had an impact by being able to generate revenue for remote rural communities and has also cut 40 per cent post-harvest waste!
Dapasa: Dapasa works in palm plantations spread over more than 400 hectares. They used SourceTraces's applications to geo-position palm plots and even weigh individual palm bunches. This application has enabled Dapasa to obtain precision-agriculture-like reports. Based on productivity, the application of fertilizers was adjusted, because fertilizer is one of the biggest costs in palm oil agro-inputs. The ST application also enables better coordination of harvest teams, depending on the number of palm bunches per plot.
Some of the other customers include National Fish and Seafood, the world's leading supplier/partner of seafood to major retailers, distributors, and institutional food service and restaurant chains. Here SourceTrace applications help with complete food traceability software of the production systems, right from hatchery to farms, inputs, harvest and processing. In another agency called LATCO in Bolivia, SourceTrace provides full visibility on the procurement process from the time the farmer delivers (sesame) seeds, until the bags arrive at the last warehouse. SourceTrace is also involved in sustainable development projects and market linkages for various smallholder farmers in countries like Togo, Benin, Congo, Sierra Leone, for coffee, cocoa, cassava and other crops.
VenkatMaroju, CEO of SourceTrace, has a vision to make the company a 100 per cent social enterprise organization with a strong social purpose. Its goal is to create the world's largest farmer database and targeting 10 million farmers in 2020. Currently there are 450 million smallholder farmers in remote areas of developing countries who are struggling in the most difficult circumstances to feed the world's population while they are living at the margins. According to FAO, 70 per cent chance that the food we are eating is produced by small and marginal farmers in remote areas of developing countries. And these are the farmers that lack access to information, infrastructure and finance. Venkat believes that equitable treatment of these farmers, coupled with minimizing environmental impact of agriculture while at the same time producing food for a growing population is the main challenge for our generation. And technology should definitely be used to maximum advantage to address these issues.
The dogs were caught in Moscow's alleyways, and soldiers and doctors selected strays that were no heavier than about 13 pounds and no taller than about 14 inches, the dimension of the rocket's nosecone. Chernushka, shown here during a routine weight check, went up into orbit in September 1963 accompanied by a mannequin human. They made it back safely.
The dogs had to be trained to relieve themselves once inside their space suits. The suits had special receptacles, but convincing the animals to use them was difficult and only the dogs who took to it were selected. For orbital flights, all the dogs were female. There was no room in the cabin for a male dog to cock its leg, so females were better suited to space.
Before sending dogs into space, the Soviets sent them up for suborbital test flights. From the July 2 1957 issue of Komsomolskaya Pravda: “They made their way back to their Motherland, back down to Earth, by parachute, from out of the heavens beyond the clouds. ... Throughout this time, the dogs experienced all the effects of outer space.”
Laika, the most famous space dog, went up in November 1957. During training they showed a great capacity for endurance and tolerance. They died soon after launch, though, a fact not revealed until 2002. At the time, the Soviets kept them “alive” for seven days in orbit, and newspapers would report on their health. They became a national hero and their face was emblazoned on everything from cigarettes…
… to spinning tops. This Japanese toy shows them boldly astride a Sputnik. But reality was more harrowing. First, they spent three days in the capsule on the launchpad. During launch, their heart rate tripled and their breathing quadrupled. In zero gravity, everything went back to normal. But the capsule's cooling fans were useless, and Laika basically baked to death.
Countries were still putting them on stamps as late as the 1980s. Top row: Polish stamp (1964), Beninian stamp (1977). Bottom row: Mongolian stamp (1982), DPR Korean stamp (1987).
Belka and Strelka, shown here with American pianist Van Cliburn who met them when they were in Moscow on tour, had a happier fate. They spent a day in orbit in 1960, after which they were recovered safely, the first cosmonauts to return to Earth. They became massive celebrities, and one of Strelka's puppies (Strelka is the one with the eye patches) was sent to John F Kennedy as a diplomatic gift.
These two dogs appeared on a huge range of products and memorabilia as well, including postcards, buttons, and this ceramic flask. They received fan mail from around the world, which was answered by the scientists who took care of them. When they died, their bodies were stuffed. Today they are on display at the Memorial Museum of Cosmonautics in Moscow.
Wagering giant Tabcorp has embarked on its first major international deal, partnering with Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation in a bid to crack the UK's $7 billion online betting market for sports and horse racing.
The Melbourne-based company, which last month failed to agree a $9 billion merger with rival Tatts Group, has signed a deal with red-top tabloid The Sun. The new business will be known as Sun Bets and launch in 2016.
The Sun's partnership with Tabcorp represents its first push into the broader online gambling market.
Tabcorp's CEO David Attenborough signed the deal with Rebekah Brooks, who returned to New Corp as chief executive of its UK operations in September following their 2011 resignation during the height of the hacking scandal at the now defunct Sunday tabloid, News of the World.
The decade-long agreement, which can be extended depending on its performance, will see Tabcorp provide News UK with a share of the new venture's revenue each year. It is not thought Tabcorp made any upfront payments to secure the deal.
Coming up in July, Xbox Live Gold members can look forward to three new free games on Xbox One and Xbox 360. Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition will debut on Xbox One as a free download, replacing June's Xbox One Games with Gold title Halo: Spartan Assault (so be sure to grab it now if you haven't already). Max: The Curse of Brotherhood will remain available for Xbox Live Gold members to download for Xbox One.
On Xbox 360, starting Tuesday, July 1st, Gotham City Imposters (normally US $14.99) will be free for Xbox Live Gold members through July 15th.
Then on July 16th, Xbox Live Gold Members can download BattleBlock Theater (normally US $14.99) for free through July 31st.
*Titles are available as free downloads for qualifying Xbox Live Gold members in all markets where Xbox Live is available. Some regions may offer different titles depending on market availability.
Earlier today, rumored prices of the adidas x Kanye West "Yeezy Season 1" collection were revealed online. To much disappointment, the line isn't as affordable as people may have initially thought and/or hoped. Knitted sweaters start at a whopping $880 and outerwear is priced as much as $3,850. Naturally, some people are already asking for donations to help them cop a piece or two from the collection, be it on social media or gofundme.com.
Broke Homie (laugh out loud) started a page on the website, and appropriately called it "Help Me Buy Clothes From Kanye." The description on their page says that they need the money because "Kanye forgot we're not all Kardashians" and they really needs the cash so they can "cop some of these fresh 'walking dead couture' from Donda's son."
FYI, he's asking for $10,000.
So far, one person has donated $200 to the cause.
We're not sure if this guy's trolling us, but it's pretty funny/incredible.
Jon Wexler, adidas' Global Director of Entertainment and Influencer Marketing and the man responsible for bringing Kanye to the sportswear giant, found the gofundme page amusing.
Donate here if you want.
[via gofundme.com]
A Crisis is the End of an Illusion
Every morning I post a new quotation on Twitter, Facebook and Google+. The quotation on February 9th, 2012 was from Jerry Weinberg, one of my mentors in the IT industry. The quotation was:
“It may look like a crisis, but it's only the end of an illusion.”
Many years ago, I copied this quotation to my list of favorites when I read one of Jerry's books, “The Secrets of Consulting: A Guide to Giving and Getting Advice Successfully.” And when I recently reread the quote taken out of the context of the book, it struck me at first as a kind of wisecrack — the kind of thing you'd say as a quick rejoinder to someone's Facebook post about a problem they're having.
But then I read it again and, even without going back to the book for context, I saw how profound it is.
One dictionary reference defines crisis as:
1. a stage in a sequence of events at which the trend of all future events, especially for better or for worse, is determined; turning point. 2. a condition of instability or danger, as in social, economic, political, or international affairs, leading to a decisive change. 3. a dramatic emotional or circumstantial upheaval in a person's life.
But these are point-in-time definitions — they define a crisis based on what's happening now. Instead, we need to consider the entire timeline over which a crisis develops. For example, the BP gulf oil spill didn't just start when the wellhead blew — the problem started many years earlier when incorrect assumptions were made and then subsequent warning signs were ignored.
The same thing happened with the Challenger shuttle disaster. The choice to use O-rings in the design of the shuttle was based on some critical assumptions, and the crisis only occurred when there was a decision to launch the shuttle even after some cold weather stretched the limits on those assumptions. The assumptions had been all but forgotten, and they had been replaced by an illusion that the shuttle was safe under those conditions.
More recently in the United States we've seen the debt crisis in the news. And, like the others, this crisis really isn't something sudden that's appeared out of nowhere. Instead, it's the natural outcome of a recession that cut government income, together with the effects of a tax cut, an increase in medical and retirement benefits, an aging population, and a change in accounting policy that revealed the true nature of the debt. The crisis came when we suddenly realized how bad things are (the end of the illusion), but the sources of the problem go back many, many years.
I've written before about the root of humor being a sudden shift in perspective, and it's ironic to me that the root of a crisis is the same. And yet that's human nature: we continue to see things a certain way, day after day, week after week, year after year. And then suddenly we see things differently — we see them for what they've been all along. A crisis is generally considered to be a bad thing, but we also need to remember that a crisis is just an opportunity to see things clearly. It's not the crisis that's the problem — the problem is the way that we deceive ourselves. We ease gradually into our world of illusion, taking things for granted, basing our lives on certain unspoken assumptions. And then, “BANG!” The illusions are shattered all at once, and we call the result a crisis.
So when you're faced with a crisis, don't blame the people who happen to be around when the crisis is made visible. Instead, look at the source of the illusion, look at the incorrect assumptions that were made, and get an understanding of how we managed to deceive ourselves for so long. You don't prevent a crisis by developing a specially trained team to deal with the crisis when it occurs. You prevent a crisis by keeping things out in the open, by voicing assumptions and keeping them visible, and by actively preventing the illusion.
If there's no illusion, then there can't be a crisis.
We are making very good progress with developing the game. All major implementation challenges are solved. We have now started to focus on the user interface and game-play details.
Due to a short delay with reaching the last development milestone, we have decided to release Train Fever in Q3 2014. Originally we have planned to release in Q2. Thanks to the new release date, there is more time to bring the game to perfection. Funding for the additional development is already secured.
There will be a closed beta test in Q2. Details on how to register will be announced on this website a few weeks in advance (early enough so that everybody has a chance). The number of participants will be limited.
In the next weeks and months we continue with development updates on this website.
Thanks again for your input and feedback. We try to consider as much as possible, and some of your ideas have already made it into the game. We look forward to releasing a well worked out Train Fever in Q3!
Forrest's second memoir including a map of the treasure search area is here…
In The Beginning…..
What is This Blog About? This blog is for and about those adventurous individuals searching for Forrest Fenn's hidden treasure. I am hoping we can share our adventures and ideas because, as Forrest has pointed out, the thrill is in the chase (not in the capture). But first a little background for those who are not yet familiar with Forrest's hidden treasure.
Click below to listen to a short audio bio of Forrest Fenn
Who is Forrest Fenn? In a nutshell, Forrest Fenn lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico where they started an art gallery, raised a family, collects artifacts, writes books and made a fortune. They have hidden approximately a million dollars of their fortune in gold and gems in an old world, bronze chest pictured to the left (he paid $25K for the chest alone). The whole shebang is said to weigh about 42lbs and much of the gold is collector's gold, meaning that it's worth much more than the face value of gold alone because of its historical importance. For instance, an ancient Aztec golden amulet is worth much more than the current value of its weight in gold because it is unique, unusual, sought after, special, etc.
That's crazy! Maybe…Forrest is not a traditional thinker tied to conventional ways of getting things done. If they were, their life would be dull, commonplace, mundane, boring. Instead, their life has been anything but humdrum. They have made their fortune and their reputation by thinking, creating and trading well beyond the bell curve. The hidden treasure is another way for Forrest to enjoy life. In my humble opinion they look forward to capable individuals out there trying to out-think them and locate their treasure. Its a contest for him. Forrest versus the rest of the world and the winner gets to keep a million dollars. To meet Forrest is to stand in the presence of a very smart, competent and competitive fellow. Someone will most certainly find their treasure chest…why not you?…or preferably me?
Who can go after their treasure? Anyone and everyone is invited to go out and look for Forrest's treasure chest. Even their family, because no one knows where it's hidden except Forrest. When you find it, Forrest says that “its yours to keep”. How's that for a “shovel ready” program that will put folks back to work?
Where do I start looking? There are three or possibly four essential items that will help you find where the treasure chest is hidden. Forrest wrote a poem which contains nine clues and is supposed to lead us directly to the treasure. They have published the poem on their website and it has appeared in a number of news stories about the hidden treasure. You can find their poem at the bottom of this page. Forrest also wrote a memoir, The Thrill of the Chase, which is a beautiful hard cover book with plenty of pictures and lots of possible additional hints to where the treasure chest is hidden. It's available for $35 through Collected Works Bookstore in Santa Fe, New Mexico. There are also additional hints and clues Forrest has handed out since the hunt began back in 2010. Finally, we have been able to get additional information via email exchanges between Forrest and many who have been searching and taken the time to write him. I hope this blog will become a source of information about the treasure and where you can begin your search.
Caution! There are plenty of speculators, naysayers and misinformed individuals out there including reporters and journalists who have added inaccuracy and conjecture to the trove of hints and clues floating around out in the ether. This is inevitable. As the story is passed from person to person it begins to grow and be embellished and before you know it the facts are hard to find. In truth, what Forrest has said over and over is that only the poem and what they have written in the book contain honest hints and clues that will lead to the treasure…ignore the words that others have put in their mouth. I learned this the hard way.
Look for the real quotes. Listen to the interviews on this blog and from the media. Not so much the written quotes…those quotes can be inaccurate…but the interviews with Forrest speaking on camera, where you see their mouth move and their words come out. Those interviews are the best source of factual information. It is easy to believe that Forrest actually said something when that idea matches your solution. But they may never have said what others claim they said. Sometimes people lie just to laugh at the folks who believe them. Trolls, jokers and the socially defective are everywhere. We try to keep folks from spreading rumors and untruths on this blog but in the end, it is an impossible task. So, be cautious and be informed. Check the quotes.
More caution! Based on my experiences with Forrest I believe they are a master of the double entendre. They choose their words very deliberately. More than once I have run off suffering from the belief that I had brilliant new information about where the gold is hidden… In fact, I did not pay close enough attention to the precision of their words. They specialize in letting you believe something they never said. (I told you they are clever).
Another place to look for clues. One other source of reliable information is Forrest's blog which is on their Old Sante Fe Trading Company website. They occasionally write about the hidden treasure and in their writings you might just find the puzzle piece you were looking for that will lead you to the treasure. Anyone interested in the treasure should read their website from front to back. Not only will it give you a pretty good picture of just who Forrest is and why they are legend but their real-life stories are entertaining and witty.
IF YOU KNOW SO MUCH MR. SMARTYPANTS… “Dal, why don't you go out and find that treasure chest yourself?”. Believe me, I've tried. I have made over seventy trips (as of January 2019) from my home in Washington State to the Rocky Mountains to look for Forrest's hidden treasure. I am planning more (until I find it or until you find it). Sometimes I start out confident that I know exactly where it is hidden…excited that I will soon be nervously opening a bronze chest chock full of gold coins, gold nuggets, gold figurines, gold bracelets and jewels, so spectacularly heavy that I can barely carry it back to my truck. Other times I feel less confident but excited because I am going somewhere new, surrounded by mountains with the possibility that I might be right. On the other hand, every time I have come back empty handed, but not empty spirited. I have absolutely wonderful treks that are crammed with little adventures. I have walked marvelous American landscapes. I have slept on the high desert mesa and in river canyons under juniper and pinyon. I have hiked incredible stretches of crystal clear trout streams guarded by tall pine and spruce. I have ambled across alpine parks delicious with spring wildflowers and soaked in natural hot springs to sooth my tired feet. I have been within a few dozen yards of antelope, big horn sheep, elk, mule deer and bear. I have visited pueblos, plazas, canyons, hilltops and forests. I have driven thousands of dusty miles through ochre stained, haltingly beautiful, volcanic topography. I have smelled the desert sage and tasted frito pie. I have been in some of the loveliest country a person can picture. Its been a wonderful experience and I am grateful that Forrest tempted me…dared me… to go out and find their treasure…The Thrill of the Chase.
Now you need to get looking too….
Here is Forrest Fenn's poem with nine clues to a million dollar treasure
As I have gone alone in there
And with my treasures bold,
I can keep my secret where,
And hint of riches new and old.
Begin it where warm waters halt
And take it in the canyon down,
Not far, but too far to walk.
Put in below the home of Brown.
From there it's no place for the meek,
The end is ever drawing nigh;
There'll be no paddle up your creek,
Just heavy loads and water high.
If you've been wise and found the blaze,
Look quickly down, your quest to cease,
But tarry scant with marvel gaze,
Just take the chest and go in peace.
So why is it that I must go
And leave my trove for all to seek?
The answers I already know,
I've done it tired, and now I'm weak.
So hear me all and listen good,
Your effort will be worth the cold.
If you are brave and in the wood
I give you title to the gold.
WASHINGTON -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Tuesday that the nation's debt limit won't be raised unless Republicans can extract concessions from Democrats and President Barack Obama.
The borrowing limit, which was suspended until Feb. 7, 2014, as part of the deal to end the government shutdown in the fall, stands at about $17.2 trillion. The Treasury Department estimates that without a hike, it can keep paying the nation's bills only until sometime in March.
The budget agreement that passed the House overwhelmingly last week and is set for passage in the Senate -- likely on Wednesday -- would also require a boost in the debt ceiling in order to carry out the spending that it mandates. But McConnell said Republicans would not allow that.
"I doubt if the House or, for that matter, the Senate is willing to give the president a clean debt ceiling increase," McConnell told reporters on Capitol Hill. "Every time the president asks us to raise the debt ceiling is a good time to try to achieve something important for the country."
They added that holding the borrowing cap hostage is the only way the GOP can get Obama to negotiate.
"I think the debt ceiling legislation is a time that brings us all together and gets the president's attention, which with this president, particularly when it comes to reducing spending, has been a bit of a challenge," McConnell said.
They did not lay out what demands the GOP would make. "We'll have to see what the House insists on adding to it as a condition of passage," McConnell said.
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) made similar remarks on Sunday, saying, "We don't want anything out of this debt limit."
For their part, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said they didn't see Republicans being up for another damaging showdown over something that's essential to keeping the government and economy moving after they were so battered over the October shutdown.
"I can't imagine the Republicans want another fight on debt ceiling," Reid told reporters. "We've passed two debt ceilings in the very recent past, and we should do another one."
Still, Republican lawmakers are taking criticism from right-wing groups over the current budget deal, and those same groups oppose hiking the debt limit. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) suggested last week that such organizations would no longer have much influence in Congress, but they have sway with GOP lawmakers facing primaries next year, such as McConnell.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour's shadow health secretary Jon Ashworth says the future of the NHS is at stake in next week's general election.
On a visit to Hull Royal Infirmary, they pledged to reverse cuts and restore staff morale if Labour wins.
"Regardless of what some people are saying, this election is really about the future of the NHS because it is being cut to the bone by the Tories.
"We cannot afford another five years with the Tories in charge. I dread to think what the NHS would be like by 2022 if that was the case," they said.
Mr Ashworth met staff to hear their views on the current state of the health service.
Neil Brown, a portering supervisor at Hull Royal Infirmary, said: "I have worked here for the last 15 years. With things like the the one per cent pay freeze, we just don't feel valued anymore.
"The staff love the NHS but they are sick of privatisation and fear being outsourced. They know if that happens, their protected terms and conditions could disappear."
Mr Ashworth also hear from Janet Worth, a technician in the hospital's sterile services department.
They said: "The staff are proud to work here and want to stay but it is becoming increasingly difficult to imagine a future in the NHS."
Mr Ashworth also warned against complacency among Labour supporters in places like Hull where the party has traditionally enjoyed solid support over the years.
"There is no such thing as a safe Labour seat anymore. Funny things tend to happen in elections these days so we need to fight hard for every seat," they said.
Chickens sold in Britain are still being contaminated with high levels of the potentially deadly food poisoning bug campylobacter due to poor practice within the poultry industry, public health officials have warned.
Supermarkets have also continued to allow chickens to be sold to consumers even though they have tested positive for high levels of the bacteria.
Officials at Public Health England claim that without sufficient legislation the industry will resist implementing measures that could help to reduce the contamination of chickens for fear it will drive up the cost of meat. Their warnings come as the Food Standards Agency is preparing to publish a survey assessing the campylobacter levels on chicken being sold at leading UK supermarkets. Preliminary results showed that the bacteria could be found on the meat 59% of fresh chicken products on sale.
Dr Frieda Jorgensen, a microbiologist at Public Health England, said the updated results due to be published later this month is likely to show even higher contamination levels.
It comes after a Guardian investigation last month revealed how strict hygiene standards to prevent the contamination of meat could be flouted. It led to the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, ordering FSA audits of two leading poultry factories while supermarkets carried out emergency inspections. The FSA audits found the factories were good and generally satisfactory.
But Dr Jorgensen said that common practices within the poultry industry were allowing biosecurity breaches that could lead to campylobacter infections spreading.
They said: “There are some thoughts that the way the industry is operating and the density of the industry can make it more difficult to prevent contamination of the flocks on the farm. “There is no doubt that industry practice has an impact on how easily it is spread from farm to farm. Applying strict biosecurity really can help. Industry practices are sometimes inadvertently causing biosecurity breaches.”
Around 60,000 people a year end up in hospital or have to visit a doctor in the UK as a result of campylobacter infections.
Jorgensen said, however, the real number of infections in people was more likely to be closer to 500,000 as many people do not go to see their doctor when they are infected.
They warned that an industry practice known as thinning – where farmers slaughter part of a flock to meet a retailers demand for smaller chickens before later slaughtering the rest – was a particular problem for causing infections.
The poultry industry in other European countries has stopped using the practice and have adopted other measures that have significantly reduced levels of campylobacter infections.
Jorgensen said the industry should consider freezing chickens that are found to be carrying the bacteria as this can reduce the level of contamination by up to 90%. Using nets to keep flies off flocks could also reduce the risk of the bacteria being spread between flocks. However, they said that the industry in the UK had yet to take these steps because of the cost implications.
They said: “If you go into a shed to slaughter half of the chickens at a younger age to get a certain size and the rest later then that constitutes a considerable biosecurity breach. In Iceland they have stopped doing this. That together with freezing every batch of chickens that test positive for campylobacter has resulted in a substantial reduction in the number of human cases. All of those cost money to put in place in the big, busy processing plants, but they are looking at whether it does bring a sufficient amount of reductions and if it is worth putting in place. At the moment there is no legislation in the UK like specifically dealing with campylobacter contamination.”
The British Poultry Council, which is the trade body for the poultry industry, said the industry carried out tests for campylobacter on around 5,000 chicken flocks a year when they go for slaughter. The results are then shared within the industry and with retailers, including supermarkets.
However, Richard Griffiths, the director of food policy at the council, admitted that even if birds test positive, the chickens are still sold by supermarkets.
Unlike salmonella, another common food poisoning bacteria found in chicken, there is no legislation to prevent meat contaminated with campylobacter from being sold to the public.
According to British Poultry Council figures tens of thousands of birds from 2,928 infected flocks have been allowed to go on sale in the past 12 months to September 2014. Griffiths said that although consumers were not told of the risk, the tests were fed back to poultry producers to help them improve their biosecurity.
They said: “The poultry producers use these results to inform the success of interventions they have implemented in the production chain, and to improve them where possible.”
The Food Standard Agency is now trialling two new techniques for reducing campylobacter levels on meat in two major abattoirs. One involves blasting carcasses with liquid nitrogen to kill the bacteria and the other uses ultrasound and steam to knock the bacteria off the meat.
A spokesperson for the FSA said: “The quickest way to tackle campylobacter is for the food industry to take voluntary action. We are looking to retailers and their suppliers to introduce a range of actions now to help reduce the risks to the public from campylobacter, which is currently the biggest cause of food poisoning in the UK.”
by Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director
[Editor's note: This post is excerpted from this week's forthcoming NORML weekly media advisory. To have NORML's media advisories delivered straight to your in-box, sign up for NORML's free e-zine here.]
The consumption of cannabis, even long-term, has a “minimal” impact on brain function, according to a systematic literature review just published online by the journal Psychological Medicine.
An international team of investigators from the United Kingdom, Spain, Brazil, Australia, and Switzerland conducted a systematic review of the effects of cannabis on brain structure and function.
Authors wrote, “We reviewed literature reporting neuroimaging studies of chronic or acute cannabis use published up until January 2009. … Sixty-six studies were identified, of which 41 met the inclusion criteria. Thirty-three were functional (SPECT/PET/fMRI) and eight structural (volumetric/DTI) imaging studies. … Only three of the structural imaging studies found differences between users and controls.”
Investigators concluded, “Minimal evidence of major effects of cannabis on brain structure has been reported,” noting that marijuana users and controls perform similarly on cognitive tasks.
According to a 2001 study published in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry, long-term cannabis smokers who abstained from pot for one week “showed virtually no significant differences from control subjects (those who had smoked marijuana less than 50 times in their lives) on a battery of 10 neuropsychological tests.” Investigators added, “Former heavy users, who had consumed little or no cannabis in the three months before testing, [also] showed no significant differences from control subjects on any of these tests on any of the testing days.”
Opponents of abortion in Congress are nothing if not persistent. After trying to defund Planned Parenthood and Title X, our nation's family planning program, and successfully reinstating a ban on the District of Columbia using its own money to fund abortion care, they will soon vote on H.R. 3, the “No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.”
How will pro-choice politicians respond?
Rep. Anthony Weiner of New York, a staunch defender of abortion rights, has noted that “we're in a tense peace on [abortion funding] in that we're an anti-choice Congress in a pro-choice country. And so we've worked out this kind of cold [war] peace treaty that I'm not happy about, and I think none of us are happy about.”
That sums up how most pro-choice leaders seem to view federal restrictions on abortion funding, often referred to as “the Hyde Amendment”—as an unfortunate but necessary compromise that allows abortion to remain legal and relatively available but denies federal funding for the service in most cases.
The question pro-choice politicians must answer now is: What kind of peace have you bought?
The supposed abortion détente comes at a huge cost to the most vulnerable women—those who are poor, minority, young, and rural. Moreover, this peace treaty is honored by only one side. While the pro-choice camp repeatedly communicates its grudging acceptance of abortion funding restrictions, this never stops abortion opponents from raising the issue any chance they get. Nor does it keep them from trying to enlarge the scope of the anti-federal funding policy or make these limits permanent.
Indeed, after imposing new restrictions on abortion coverage in private health insurance plans through health reform, they are now pushing H.R. 3. With that bill, they want to completely eradicate abortion insurance coverage from the new health insurance exchanges that will be set up in 2014 under the health reform law, make abortion funding restrictions government-wide and permanent, and use the tax code for the very first time to punish those who pay for abortion care or coverage. They also initially tried to redefine rape and incest exceptions out of existence.
If it wasn't obvious before, it should be now—whatever détente there was has been broken. Abortion opponents on the Hill have crossed the line and are pursuing a scorched-earth strategy that will not be turned back without a full fight.
So what's a good pro-choice leader to do?
First, stop referring to the Hyde Amendment as an “historic compromise” or “settled law.” Such language only reinforces the misconception that abortion funding restrictions are necessary and proper. They are not. And agreements not to change the abortion “status quo” pertained solely to health reform.
Second, fight attempts to codify or expand current abortion funding restrictions. Too many women for too long have been denied coverage for a legitimate and legal health care service. Enough is enough.
Finally, mount a full-throated defense of public funding for abortion—or rather of comprehensive health care that includes abortion coverage, regardless of the funding source. After all, ensuring that women have the same access to health care no matter how it is funded is what is really at stake.
It may not be popular right now to support government funding for abortion. But the only way to change public opinion is by speaking out. Failing to make principled arguments in support of abortion coverage in federal programs means that the American public does not have the opportunity to learn about the issue and change its mind.
The only way to fight fire is with fire. Reasonable minds might approach this disagreement another way, but unfortunately reasonable minds are not sitting across the negotiating table. Unless pro-choice politicians step up to defend abortion funding now, this same fight will be repeated over and over, but with less and less room to maneuver each time. Standing up for abortion funding is not only the right thing to do; it is the only way to move forward.
Jessica Arons is the director of the Women's Health and Rights Program at the Center for American Progress.
Who wants to see the living world destroyed? Who wants an end to birdsong, bees and coral reefs, the falcon's stoop, the salmon's leap? Who wants to see the soil stripped from the land, the sea rimed with rubbish?
No one. And yet it happens. Seven billion of us allow fossil fuel companies to push shut the narrow atmospheric door through which humanity stepped. We permit industrial farming to tear away the soil, banish trees from the hills, engineer another silent spring. We let the owners of grouse moors, 1% of the 1%, shoot and poison hen harriers, peregrines and eagles. We watch mutely as a small fleet of monster fishing ships trashes the oceans.
Why are the defenders of the living world so ineffective? It is partly, of course, that everyone is complicit; we have all been swept off our feet by the tide of hyperconsumption, our natural greed excited, corporate propaganda chiming with a will to believe that there is no cost. But perhaps environmentalism is also afflicted by a deeper failure: arising possibly from embarrassment or fear, a failure of emotional honesty.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘We have all been swept off our feet by the tide of hyperconsumption, our natural greed excited, corporate propaganda chiming with a will to believe that there is no cost'.
I have asked meetings of green-minded people to raise their hands if they became defenders of nature because they were worried about the state of their bank accounts. Never has one hand appeared. Yet I see the same people base their appeal to others on the argument that they will lose money if we don't protect the natural world.
Such claims are factual, but they are also dishonest: we pretend that this is what animates us, when in most cases it does not. The reality is that we care because we love. Nature appealed to our hearts, when we were children, long before it appealed to our heads, let alone our pockets. Yet we seem to believe we can persuade people to change their lives through the cold, mechanical power of reason, supported by statistics.
I see the encyclical by Pope Francis, which will be published on Thursday, as a potential turning point. They will argue that not only the physical survival of the poor, but also our spiritual welfare depends on the protection of the natural world; and in both respects they are right.
I don't mean that a belief in God is the answer to our environmental crisis. Among Pope Francis's opponents is the evangelical US-based Cornwall Alliance for the Stewardship of Creation, which has written to them arguing that we have a holy duty to keep burning fossil fuel, as “the heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament proclaims theirs handiwork”. It also insists that exercising the dominion granted to humankind in Genesis means tilling “the whole Earth”, transforming it “from wilderness to garden and ultimately to garden city”.
There are plenty of senior Catholics seeking to undermine the pope's defence of the living world
There are similar tendencies within the Vatican. Cardinal George Pell, its head of finance, currently immersed in a scandal involving paedophile priests in Australia, is a prominent climate change denier. Their lecture to the Global Warming Policy Foundation was the usual catalogue of zombie myths (discredited claims that keep resurfacing), nonsequiturs and outright garbage championing, for example, the groundless claim that undersea volcanoes could be responsible for global warming. There are plenty of senior Catholics seeking to undermine the pope's defence of the living world, which could explain why a draft of their encyclical was leaked. What I mean is that Pope Francis, a man with whom I disagree profoundly on matters such as equal marriage and contraception, reminds us that the living world provides not only material goods and tangible services, but is also essential to other aspects of our wellbeing. And you don't have to believe in God to endorse that view.
In their beautiful book The Moth Snowstorm, Michael McCarthy suggests that a capacity to love the natural world, rather than merely to exist within it, might be a uniquely human trait. When we are close to nature, we sometimes find ourselves, as Christians put it, surprised by joy: “A happiness with an overtone of something more, which we might term an elevated or, indeed, a spiritual quality.”
Exegesis of Pope Francis's encyclical call for action on climate change | Letters Read more
They believe we are wired to develop a rich emotional relationship with nature. A large body of research suggests that contact with the living world is essential to our psychological and physiological wellbeing. (A paper published this week, for example, claims that green spaces around city schools improve children's mental performance.)
This does not mean that all people love nature; what it means, McCarthy proposes, is that there is a universal propensity to love it, which may be drowned out by the noise that assails our minds. As I've found while volunteering with the outdoor education charity WideHorizons, this love can be provoked almost immediately, even among children who have never visited the countryside before. Nature, McCarthy argues, remains our home, “the true haven for our psyches”, and retains an astonishing capacity to bring peace to troubled minds.
Acknowledging our love for the living world does something that a library full of papers cannot
Acknowledging our love for the living world does something that a library full of papers on sustainable development and ecosystem services cannot: it engages the imagination as well as the intellect. It inspires belief; and this is essential to the lasting success of any movement.
Is this a version of the religious conviction from which Pope Francis speaks? Or could their religion be a version of a much deeper and older love? Could a belief in God be a way of explaining and channelling the joy, the burst of love that nature sometimes inspires in us? Conversely, could the hyperconsumption that both religious and secular environmentalists lament be a response to ecological boredom: the void that a loss of contact with the natural world leaves in our psyches?
Of course, this doesn't answer the whole problem. If the acknowledgement of love becomes the means by which we inspire environmentalism in others, how do we translate it into political change? But I believe it's a better grounding for action than pretending that what really matters to us is the state of the economy. By being honest about our motivation we can inspire in others the passions that inspire us.
• When this article was first published George Monbiot was under an obligation, to a third party unrelated to the Guardian, to assist the charity Widehorizons. This note was added on 1 September 2016.
- Advertisement -
by Kevin Stoda
The Romney's made up to 150 million on the Detroit bailout--from your tax dollars. How can anyone allow this guy to take the key to the White House????
See what happened: Greg Palast: "Mitt Romney's Bailout Bonanza: How They Made Millions from the Rescue of Detroit"
Romney and Co. Partners made over 4 Billion Dollars on the Government Bailout to Detroit. All Delphi Employees were let go all over the USA. Romney's cronies moved the bankrupted Delphi headquarters on to Jersey Island (a tax haven off of the UK). Then they were moved to China.
- Advertisement -
I have friends who lost their jobs at Delphi as 1000%+ profits in 2009--the year the Romneys refuse to give tax data for.
Meanwhile, Obama's friends in office have not stopped these rip-offs to USA taxpayers nor have they stemmed the bleeding of USA industry and jobs to China.
Paul Ryan's number one donor is their number one economic adviser: Paul Singer. " Paul Singer's tactics have been outlawed in England, all throughout Europe, South America, but not in the U.S.A., except, I should note--and this is very important, which may be why Singer has backed Romney, which is that the Obama administration, President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton, have gone to federal court asking the federal courts to put Paul Singer out of business, basically, by saying their vulture tactics are a threat to the world economy and in violation and opposing United States foreign policy. So, basically, Obama and Clinton want to put Singer out of business. And Romney--Romney, we don't expect will, because Romney's number one foreign policy adviser, should they get elected president, would be expected to be Dan Senor to take over as secretary of state. Dan Senor's day job is working for Paul Singer."
- Advertisement -
Obama has been trying to take Singer to court and trying to make Singer's tactics illegal in the USA. The election of Romney will only perpetuate the same-old same-old.
There is a weekly newspaper in the small city where I live that covers all the local comings and goings. On the last page of the paper is a section called “The Rant.”
It's a place for people to unload about everything that pisses them off. People rant about everything from a lack of parking downtown to the person in front of them at Starbucks with their face buried in their phone when it's time to order.
“You, mid-20s guy in a blue checked shirt in front of me at Starbucks Wednesday morning around 8 am. Stop playing Clash of Clans on your iPhone while listening to Nickelback and order your Double Ristretto Venti Half-Soy Nonfat Decaf Organic Chocolate Brownie Iced Vanilla Double-Shot Gingerbread Frappuccino. Some of us actually have to work for a living.”
Most ranters want to blow off steam, but some people want to help others make wiser choices in the future—which brings me to my own rant.
I've seen enough cryptocurrency stories over the last few weeks to last me a lifetime, especially about Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not a store of value, and it's not a reasonable investment candidate. You've been warned!
Bitcoin Value Based on Two Flawed Concepts
Due to the fact that it has “currency” in its name, cryptocurrency implies a medium of exchange or a store of value. The idea that Bitcoin and others of its ilk are stores of value is based on two flawed, critical concepts: scarcity and anonymity.
First, investors are attracted to Bitcoin because of its built-in scarcity. It's commonly believed that only 21 million Bitcoins could ever be brought, or mined, into existence. (Although how someone can “mine” something that isn't in the ground is beyond me.)
The reality is that developers are attempting a “hard fork,” which would change Bitcoin's code, split it into two and allow for the creation of more Bitcoins. If you create more U.S. dollars it's called counterfeiting; if you create more Bitcoin it's called the hard fork treatment, and there is no one to regulate it. How can Bitcoin be a store of value if any MIT dropout with a laptop can create more of it while sipping a latte in an internet café? (For related reading, see: Bitmain Outlines Bitcoin Hard Fork Plan.)
Second, investors and terrorists like the anonymous aspect of cryptocurrencies for all the obvious reasons. I hate to break it to these guys, but they are probably going to have to find another way to pay for their bombs and Gilmore Girls DVDs. That's because four U.S. senators, led by Senator Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), have co-sponsored a bill that, if signed into law, will make using cryptocurrencies to transact anonymously much less attractive. The bill will bring digital wallets, prepaid access devices and other digital currency exchangers into existing anti-money laundering provisions if they contain over $10,000 of cryptocurrency.
Thus, Bitcoin's façade of scarcity and anonymity is crumbling. For it to retain its allure as a store of value and as a fiat currency alternative in a world run amok with central bankers, Bitcoin depends on this façade. But even if you're not looking to exchange all your greenbacks for Bitcoins before going off the grid, Bitcoin doesn't stack up as a pure investment play, either.
Cryptocurrency Investment Too Good to be True
Whenever I'm at a cocktail party and someone with no prior interest in markets asks my opinion about a recent investment fad, I know it's in a bubble.
Two weeks ago, a buddy asked me if they should invest with a guy who created an algorithm to trade Ripple, the third most popular cryptocurrency. Apparently, for the last three months this engineer-turned-virtual quantitative fund manager has doubled the balance of their “virtual” account every 21 days. (For related reading, see: Ripple Cryptocurrency Aims to Make Global Assets Liquid.)
First off, trading virtual money is not even close to what you can expect from trading real money, in real time in real markets. It's the difference between the NFL and drone racing. Second, anything that doubles your money every 21 trading days either is too good to be true or will be arbitraged away by the time you're done reading this sentence.
My friend doesn't have a plum nickel in financial markets, yet they want to invest $10,000 with the Ripple genius. Market top, anyone?
There are two primary reasons why Bitcoin shouldn't be considered as part of your portfolio: liquidity and stability.
On the liquidity front, you can't short Bitcoin. Short selling, despite what the media and corporate executives would have you believe, is a healthy aspect of any market because it improves both liquidity and, more importantly, price discovery.
I don't trade any market or stock that isn't liquid enough for short selling because the price can be too easily manipulated by just a few. (For related reading, see: The Basics of Short Selling.)
A lack of stability is also a big issue with Bitcoin, which is up 99% in the last six weeks, running from $1,365 up to just over $2,700. However, during those six weeks Bitcoin crashed on two separate occasions. A market crash is defined as a peak-to-trough decline of 20% or more. In late May, Bitcoin crashed 29% over two days, and in mid-June it crashed 22% over three days.
Folks, I'm human, so I get the allure of doubling your money in a month. But any potential investment that crashes twice in two weeks isn't worthy of your hard-earned shekels. It's downright unstable, like Aunt Kathy when she's off their meds and drinks a little too much.
In December 2013, Bitcoin took the escalator up to over $900 before taking the window back down to $250. It took over three years before Bitcoin saw $900 again. Three years is a long time for any portion of your portfolio to be underwater and sitting idle.
The Bottom Line
I hate to be the curmudgeonly old man yelling at the kids to get off their lawn, but get off my damn lawn with this cryptocurrency nonsense. Bitcoin isn't a currency, it's not a store of value and it's certainly not worthy of investment. Cryptocurrencies are the 2017 version of Dutch tulips, pure and simple.
People hoping for quick riches and bragging rights at cocktail parties are simply increasing their “cat food risk,” which is the risk that you end up eating cat food in retirement because you've decimated your portfolio with bad decisions.
Don't be the person who exchanged 12 acres of land for a single tulip bulb that was worthless within a few months. Instead, stay focused on minimizing losses and letting the profits stack up. And as always, stay data dependent, process driven and risk conscious, my friends.
(For more from this author, see: Why Investors Shouldn't Ignore Data.)
Charlie Spiering reports that in their new book Hillary Clinton compares themselves to Cersei Lannister from Game of Thrones. For those who don't know, Cersei is a cruel villain.
Hillary Clinton identifies with Cersei Lannister -> pic.twitter.com/bbHhXKIqe2 — Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) September 12, 2017
Some might say this is the sort of thing that happens when your ghostwriter's Standing Subcommittee on Popular Culture References had a few too many beers the night before. But let's assume it wasn't a mistake and speaks to either Clinton's views or those working for them I think that's interesting.
Advertisement
Advertisement
I remember that National Review film critic Ross Douthat was one of the very few people to openly count themselves as a member of Team Sparrow — i.e., they sided with the religious “zealots” Clinton (or their team) disparage. I think that as a moral matter, Ross was probably right (though it's debatable). A Westeros ruled by the Church would have been better than one ruled by Cersei or the Lannisters. But for many of the liberal fans of Game of Thrones, this was crazy talk, like siding with the patriarchy in A Handmaid's Tale.
The thing is that even if you despise the theocrats, Cersei had every reason to be ashamed. They are, in fact, guilty of everything they were accused of. Yes, the person shouting “shame!” the loudest was an uptight prig and zealot, but most of the people shouting “shame!” were actually . . . the people. You might even call them deplorables. Cersei certainly would.
I honestly have no idea if Clinton watches Game of Thrones, but I think it's interesting that the team that put together their book took it for granted that everyone reading it would see Cersei as a wholly sympathetic figure in that scene.
Osmium tetroxide (OsO 4 )
Molecule of the Month - May 2004
Also available: Chime Enhanced, VRML and JMol versions.
Osmium tetroxide (right) is probably the best-known compound of Osmium, which can easily be found, as it is just two places below Iron in the Periodic Table. Osmium tetroxide is inextricably linked to the discovery and subsequent purification of Osmium.
Osmium
Osmium is a scarce metal found in only 0.005 ppm of the Earth's crust. Tennant discovered Osmium in 1803 in the residues left behind when crude Platinum and other precious metals had been dissolved in aqua regia (c.HNO 3 /c.HCl). It is named from the Greek word for odour (osme). Osmium is also found, often with Ru and Ir, in the anode sludges produced during the electrolysis of Nickel (II) solutions. Osmium has an exceptional density of 22.57 g cm-3 and a very high m.p. of 3045°C.
Flow diagram showing the extraction of osmium via OsO 4
Osmium tetroxide
Osmium tetroxide, also known as osmium(VIII)oxide, formula OsO 4 , is an example of the highest oxidation achieved by a transition element. Like methane (CH 4 ), osmium tetroxide has a tetrahedral geometry with the O-Os-O bond angle(s) approximating 109.5°. It is an extremely toxic crystalline solid with a low m.p = 40°C and bp = 130°C. The powerful combination of high toxicity and high volatility (easily evaporates) makes osmium tetroxide dangerous if not stored or handled correctly. Recent media exposure suggested its use as a 'billionaires' chemical weapon. This Molecule of the Month article is written to show how important this reagent is, to the chemical community, and how it was party to the awarding the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2001 to K. Barry Sharpless.
Osmium tetroxide is probably colourless (Butler and Harrod, Inorganic Chemistry: Principles and Applications, p.343) but is sometimes described as yellow (see photo above). I suggest this discrepancy lies with the presence of the impurity OsO 2 , which is yellow-brown in colour (Cotton and Wilkinson, Advanced Inorganic Chemistry, p.1002). It is very soluble in CCl 4 (carbon tetrachloride = tetrachloromethane) and moderately soluble in water. OsO 4 has a characteristic ozone-like odour. The smell is recognisable as the 'fresh' smell you get by old photocopiers, near someone welding, or to be sniffed at on a sunny summers day in a heavily congested city. Should you be close to a lightning strike you will smell ozone, and this is far more likely than being close to a terrorist atrocity.
Osmium tetroxide is particularly hazardous to the eyes as it is readily reduced by living tissue to give a black oxide and or the metal. For this reason it finds itself an important use as a Biological Stain when in dilute aqueous solutions.
Specialized use in Organic Chemistry
OsO 4 is a convenient reagent for the same side (syn) addition of two OH groups across a carbon-carbon double bond. Osmium tetroxide was first given this use back in 1936 by Criegee and a good source of information on this powerful oxidizing agent is to be found in Schroder, Chem. Rev. 80, 187-213 (1980).
This is a rather slow addition but has the distinct advantage of being almost quantitative, an important consideration when performing multi-step syntheses of natural products.
A more familiar reagent that also adds two OH groups across a double bond is alkaline KMnO 4 . This is a reaction, which used to be taught at A-level and perhaps more interesting than the often-quoted 'decolourises bromine water' test for unsaturation.
The high cost of osmium tetroxide does not preclude its use by perennially under funded chemical research groups. Fortunately, the same reaction can be achieved catalytically. Either H 2 O 2 with OsO 4 (Milas & Sussman, J. Am. Chem. Soc., 58, 1302 (1936) or N-methylmorpholine-N-oxide with OsO 4 (VanRheenan, Kelly and Cha, Tet. Lett, 1973 (1976). I also made use of this reagent during my own research with Professor Pettit, J. Chem. Soc. Chem. Commun. 1994, 2725-6.
Preparation of Osmium Tetroxide
Addition of oxygen (oxidation) is possible by burning the metal at 800°C.
Os + 2 O 2 OsO 4
An alternative preparation is the oxidation of osmium salts with c.HNO 3 . This is a widely used method to recover osmium via the volatile osmium tetroxide.
Reactions
OsO 4 is a more powerful oxidizing agent than the halogens. It oxidizes the halides (Cl-(aq), Br-(aq), I-(aq)) to their respective halogens. One easy way to recognise oxidations is an increase in oxidation number (from 1- of the halides to 0 for the elemental halogens).
2 Cl- (aq) Cl 2
OsO 4 + 2 OH- (aq) [OsO 4 (OH) 2]2- [deep red]
The above reaction is interesting for a number of reasons, i.e. surprising colour change, osmium expands its coordination sphere to six, the product is diamagnetic and the OH groups are trans (opposite each other).
Conclusion
Osmium tetroxide is a valuable tool in the research of both biologists and chemists, and needs to remain so. Chemists need to protect their interests, perhaps more overtly in future, and ensure that they continue with their important work against the tide of negative publicity concerning the misuse of chemicals by non-chemists.
Back to Molecule of the Month page. [DOI:10.6084/m9.figshare.5437084]
Image caption Ed Miliband said small business was Britain's "best hope"
Labour leader Ed Miliband has told small businesses they will protect them from "unacceptable treatment" by the UK's largest energy firms.
In a speech in Manchester, they pledged to set up a regulator to stop firms being "rolled" on to higher tariffs and forced to pay "crippling" bills.
They said a Labour government would ensure small firms were given the same legal protections as householders.
But Chancellor George Osborne accused Labour of "phoney" commitments.
'Broken market'
Some of the biggest energy firms raised their tariffs at the end of last year, and energy prices have become a keenly contested political issue in recent months.
The opposition leader's speech comes a day after a competition inquiry into the "big six" energy firms was announced and in the same week as energy supplier SSE said it would freeze prices on households bills until January 2016.
It is unacceptable that companies like yours do not have even basic protections that are available to households Ed Miliband
Addressing the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) annual conference, Mr Miliband said small business was "Britain's best hope" for a lasting and broad-based economic recovery.
They said firms did not have the same level of protection as consumers and promised to give business organisations new legal rights to take cases - such as late payment by firms or government departments - to court on behalf of their members.
On energy, they said a new regulator would have the power to enforce a ban on suppliers rolling firms over on to more expensive tariffs without their consent - or imposing retrospective back-billing for periods of longer than a year.
"We have to mend the broken energy market and freeze bills up to 2017 not just for customers of one company but for all customers of all the energy companies and all customers," they said.
Last October, Labour pledged to freeze domestic and commercial energy prices for 20 months from the middle of 2015 if it wins next year's general election, a move criticised at the time by the energy industry.
'Cutting bills'
Image copyright PA Image caption Energy is among many firms' largest expenses
Mr Miliband said it was unacceptable that companies did not have "even basic protections that are available to households under the law from unfair energy contracts".
"The next Labour government would ban the energy companies from rolling small businesses on to more expensive tariffs without their consent," they said.
"And we will create proper competition enforced by a new regulator to keep prices as low as possible for the years ahead."
Standards of conduct
Regulator Ofgem said it had already taken action to protect small businesses, including enforcing standards of conduct on billing and switching and requiring suppliers to provide clearer information to customers.
Firms abusing the rules faced much larger fines in future, it added.
We've had lots of phoney commitments George Osborne, Chancellor
Mr Osborne, who also addressed the conference on Friday, said they had announced a plan in last week's Budget to reduce total energy costs for industry by £7bn.
Among steps being taken include a freeze on the "carbon floor" - a fossil fuels tax - for firms, which the government estimates will save medium-sized manufacturers £50,000 a year by 2018.
"We've also cut bills for families by reducing the taxes and green levies, quite often which the last Labour government put on," they said.
"That's a real demonstration of our commitment to create jobs in this country and help families in this country."
Mr Osborne has also launched a consultation on measures to help small and medium-sized businesses which have been rejected for a loan.
The government is considering whether to legislate to require lenders to release information on SMEs (small and medium enterprises) which they reject for finance, so that they can be identified and approached by alternative credit providers.
US Banning Books: Unauthorized Catcher In The Rye Sequel Permanently Banned
from the burn-'em dept
We were among those who were absolutely horrified when a US district court banned the US publication of a book calledby Fredrik Colting (using the pseudonym JD California), which was an attempt (a poor one, by many reviewers' accounts) to write a sequel to JD Salinger's iconic. In the US, which is supposed to believe in free speech and be against things like banning books, it's somewhat scary that a judge would okay the banning of a book. The ruling appeared to disagree with previous rulings, and a bunch of powerful forces concerned about the free speech implications of banning books had lined up to support an appeal However, THResq reports that a permanent injunction has been issued , as the author and publisher of the book have settled the case and agreed not to pursue it any further. This is really unfortunate, because now the original book banning ruling stays valid and on the books for others to point to. Yet another example of copyright being misinterpreted, and censorship resulting. Copyright law is quite clear that there's supposed to be a separation between "idea" and "expression." Only the expression is protectable. Colting did not copy the expression -- they used the idea to create a brand-new expression, and even if it sucked, it should not be banned . It's too bad that this is as far as this case will go.
Filed Under: banned books, books, catcher in the rye. jd salinger, fredrik colting
I was in the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office for over 20 years and a member of its senior management structure for six years, I served in five countries and took part in 13 formal international negotiations, including the UN Convention of the Law of the Sea and a whole series of maritime boundary treaties. I headed the FCO section of a multidepartmental organisation monitoring the arms embargo on Iraq.
I am an instinctively friendly, open but unassuming person who always found it easy to get on with people, I think because I make fun of myself a lot. I have in consequence a great many friends among ex-colleagues in both British and foregin diplomatic services, security services and militaries.
I lost very few friends when I left the FCO over torture and rendition. In fact I seemed to gain several degrees of warmth with a great many acquantances still on the inside. And I have become known as a reliable outlet for grumbles, who as an ex-insider knows how to handle a discreet and unintercepted conversation.
What I was being told last night was very interesting indeed. NATO HQ in Brussels is today a very unhappy place. There is a strong understanding among the various national militaries that an attack by Israel on a NATO member flagged ship in international waters is an event to which NATO is obliged – legally obliged, as a matter of treaty – to react.
I must be plain – nobody wants or expects military action against Israel. But there is an uneasy recognition that in theory that ought to be on the table, and that NATO is obliged to do something robust to defend Turkey.
Mutual military support of each other is the entire raison d'etre of NATO. You must also remember that to the NATO military the freedom of the high seas guaranteed by the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea is a vital alliance interest which officers have been conditioned to uphold their whole career.
That is why Turkey was extremely shrewd in reacting immediately to the Israeli attack by calling an emergency NATO meeting. It is why, after the appalling US reaction to the attack with its refusal to name Israel, President Obama has now made a point of phoning President Erdoğan to condole.
But the unhappiness in NATO HQ runs much deeper than that, I spoke separately to two friends there, from two different nations. One of them said NATO HQ was “a very unhappy place”. The other described the situation as “Tense – much more strained than at the invasion of Iraq”.
Why? There is a tendency of outsiders to regard the senior workings of governments and international organisations as monolithic. In fact there are plenty of highly intelligent – and competitive – people and diverse interests involved.
There are already deep misgivings, especially amongst the military, over the Afghan mission. There is no sign of a diminution in Afghan resistance attacks and no evidence of a clear gameplan. The military are not stupid and they can see that the Karzai government is deeply corrupt and the Afghan “national” army comprised almost exclusively of tribal enemies of the Pashtuns.
You might be surprised by just how high in Nato scepticism runs at the line that in some way occupying Afghanistan helps protect the west, as opposed to stoking dangerous Islamic anger worldwide.
So this is what is causing frost and stress inside NATO. The organisation is tied up in a massive, expensive and ill-defined mission in Afghanistan that many whispers is counter-productive in terms of the alliance aim of mutual defence. Every European military is facing financial problems as a public deficit financing crisis sweeps the continent. The only glue holding the Afghan mission together is loyalty to and support for the United States.
But what kind of mutual support organisation is NATO when members must make decades long commitments, at huge expense and some loss of life, to support the Unted States, but cannot make even a gesture to support Turkey when Turkey is attacked by a non-member?
Even the Eastern Europeans have not been backing the US line on the Israeli attack. The atmosphere in NATO on the issue has been very much the US against the rest, with the US attitude inside NATO described to me by a senior NATO officer as “amazingly arrogant – they don't seem to think it matters what anybody else thinks”.
Therefore what is troubling the hearts and souls of non-Americans in NATO HQ is this fundamental question. Is NATO genuinely a mutual defence organisation, or is it just an instrument to carry out US foreign policy? With its unthinking defence of Israel and military occupation of Afghanistan, is US foreign policy really defending Europe, or is it making the World less safe by causing Islamic militancy?
I leave the last word to one of the senior NATO officers – who incidentally is not British:
“Nobody but the Americans doubts the US position on the Gaza attack is wrong and insensitve. But everyone already quietly thought the same about wider American policy. This incident has allowed people to start saying that now privately to each other.”
Craig Murray is a former British Ambassador.  They are also a former Head of the Maritime Section of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. They negotiated the UK's current maritime boundaries with Ireland, Denmark (Faeroes), Belgium and France, and boundaries of the Channel Islands, Turks and Caicos and British Virgin Islands. They were alternate Head of the UK Delegation to the UN Preparatory Commission on the Law of the Sea. They were Head of the FCO Section of the Embargo Surveillance Centre, enforcing sanctions on Iraq, and directly responsible for clearance of Royal Navy boarding operations in the Persian Gulf.
Reviews of Craig Murray's War on Terror Memoir, “Murder in Samarkand” – published in the US as “Dirty Diplomacy”:
“It really is a magnificent achievement” – Noam Chomsky
“A fearless book by a fearless man. Craig Murray tells the truth whether the “authorities” like it or not. I salute a man of integrity” – Harold Pinter
Back in 2003, the University of Chicago's Marianne Bertrand and Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sendhil Mullainathan published a classic example of pseudo-scholarship: A study showing that, all other things being equal, job applicants with “African-American” sounding names are likely to suffer job discrimination compared to applicants with white-sounding names. (Are Emily and Greg More Employable than Lakisha and Jamal? A Field Experiment on Labor Market Discrimination, MIT Department of Economics Working Paper No. 03-22, May 27, 2003)
The researchers sent out application letters for imaginary job candidates in which everything was equal—grades, major, school—except their names. They found that “White names receive 50 percent more callbacks for interviews” than black-sounding names.
The “study” led to a blizzard of MSM “racism” accusations against corporate America, the same world which routinely hires unqualified blacks over qualified whites. Generating such accusations was, of course, the point of the “study”.
In 2009, for example, CNN writer Jessica Dickler opened a duplicitous story on this subject by focusing on whites with problem names (her first two examples were a white man named Glenn Miller, who has the same name as a WWII era bandleader, and a white woman named Colleen Rzucidlo, whose name cannot be pronounced without special training). Their pictures were shown in order to gull white readers, before Dickler turned in the tenth paragraph to their real subject: Discrimination against blacks with odd-sounding names.
And even then, Dickler continued their deception, by focusing on a Kenyan woman named Nakores Sameita.
(The only other person Dickler cited was a Hispanic man named Duram Gallegos who couldn't speak Spanish. We're supposed to see Gallegos as a victim, because prospective employers expect them to be a Spanish speaker, rather than as the affirmative action beneficiary that they are.)
And Dickler produced the Bertrand-Mullainathan study with a triumphant flourish:
For example, résumés with white-sounding names have a 50% greater chance of receiving a callback when compared to those with African American names, according to a study performed for the National Bureau of Economic Research by the University of Chicago's Marianne Bertrand and Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sendhil Mullainathan. Can your name keep you from getting hired? These job seekers think their unusual names are getting in the way of their job by Jessica Dickler, CNNMoney, August 27, 2009.]
“Nakores Sameita” is not an “African American name.” Shiniqua Washington or Lakisha Smith are African American names.
Why do I boldly assert that the Bertrand-Mullainathan study was "pseudo-scholarship"? Because
Its assumption that all other things were equal; and Its assumption that there could be no good reason to discriminate against someone named, say, “Shiniqua,” or “S—tavious” (the latter is a real but unprintable name), or Lakisha or Jamal.
Where blacks and whites are concerned, all other things are never equal. If a white and a black job candidate both have identical GPAs, even for identical courses at the same school, the white candidate will invariably be academically superior, because unqualified blacks enjoy massive privilege (here and here) in getting admitted to “selective” and “highly selective” universities, and massive college grade inflation, once accepted.
(In 1998, I pseudonymously published Making Up the Grade: Notes from the Antiversity, which was then the state-of-the-art study on college grade inflation, in the neocon journal, Academic Questions. I published a series on the Internet in 2001: here, here, here, here, here, here, here and here.)
When I taught college, I also engaged in grade inflation for black students, though not to the degree that my colleagues did. I'd give black students who had earned a failing grade, Ds and Cs. But I had colleagues who gave As to black students for term papers as bad or worse than Michele Obama's work at Princeton.
For over 40 years, everyone in academia, including Chicago's Bertrand and MIT's Mullainathan, as well as everyone involved in hiring college grads, has known this.
Anyone who has dealt with black employees in academia, the schools, or the non-academic work force also knows that the average black employee is less punctual, less diligent, and more troublesome than the average white employee. There is even an old phrase, that 20 years ago was still used in private by liberal, as well as conservative whites: “CPT”; “colored people's time”, which refers to black educators' notorious tardiness.
The real issue is what a “black-sounding” name says about what an employer can expect from a worker: Trouble.
It's bad enough dealing with young blacks, whatever their names are. When sociologist William Julius Wilson's researchers interviewed Chicago business people in the early 1990s for their book, When Work Disappears , the white bosses all gave dishonest, PC answers to the interviewers' questions. But the black business people, who did not have to worry about extortionary civil rights lawsuits, felt no such constraints. They told the interviewers flat-out that they avoided hiring young black men because most of them were unemployable: They came to work late, refused to do an honest day's work, and caused trouble in the workplace.
Beginning with the welfare revolution during the mid-1960s, leftist organizers and welfare officials (for example, New York Mayor John Lindsay's social services commissioner Mitchell “Come and Get It” Ginsberg) got hostile, working-class black women with out-of-wedlock children to quit their jobs and go on the dole. Those women then served as role models for millions of young black girls who had never worked. The black illegitimacy rate went from 21.7 percent in 1965, when Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote their report on the black family, to 72.3 percent today.
When The Moynihan Report was issued by the Johnson Administration, black leaders denounced Moynihan as a “racist”. They never spoke honestly about race and social policy again...in public.
Those hostile black girls and women led an underclass baby boom, during which ever-higher proportions of them gave their babies “black” or “African” names. (The scare quotes are because the names were often simply made up—many of the fathers of said children couldn't even spell their own kids' names—and hadn't previously been considered “black” or “African”. And the names that were African tended to be Moslem, which made no sense, since African Moslems traditionally held blacks in contempt and, as a group, had been the most abusive of all slave traders and owners.)
The mothers of these children were expressing hostility towards whites, America, and Christianity. They inculcated this in their violent, criminal children, whom sensible whites avoided at all costs. The names became indelibly associated with the black criminal class.
That occasionally one runs into someone with one of these names who are bright, well-adjusted, law-abiding, punctual and a hard worker does not change the ugly norm.
In 1989, when I was a social worker, while making a home visit to one of my foster mothers, Martha B., I looked at the framed photograph of their young son, who was in school. When they told me, “That's my son, James,” they saw the surprise on my face, read my mind, and answered, “None of that Shiniqua s—t.”
Which brings me to “S—tavious.”
S—tavious J. Cook, 15, stands under indictment in Illinois for burglary, first-degree murder committed during a separate crime, and a slew of other charges.
Was a time, when criminologists such as James Q. Wilson and John J. Di lulio used the term “super-predator” to refer to folks like “S—tavious.” Blacks and their white leftist allies tarred such usage as “racist”, Wilson retired, Di Iulio seems to have fallen silent, a loyalty oath to black criminals was imposed on younger criminology professors, and today what passes for “scholarship” in the field tells us that the “S—taviouses” of the world are nothing but the victims of a racist criminal justice system.
Now, my white leftist and black supremacist readers are going to complain that “S—tavious” is an extreme and thus uncharacteristic example. Then how about Lemaricus, Letalvis, Lovelle, Hydra, Jahmell, Latrine or Pimp?
The prisons are full of people with these sorts of names, and there are millions of violent people with such names walking around who ought to be in prison, but aren't.
Avoiding socializing with, or hiring people with names like “Shiniqua” or “S—tavious” is a sign not of racism, but of wisdom.
Nicholas Stix [email him] lives in New York City, which they view from the perspective of its public transport system, experienced in their career as an educator. Their weekly column appears at Men's News Daily and many other Web sites. They have also written for Middle American News, the New York Daily News, New York Post, Newsday, Chronicles, Ideas on Liberty and the Weekly Standard. They maintain two blogs: A Different Drummer and Nicholas Stix, Uncensored.
Question
Can I make a citizen's arrest on someone for littering?
Jesus Lopez, Esq.
Attorney Attorney Jesus Lopez, Esq. has been practicing law in Texas since 2004. They received their JD from Baylor University in 2003. Jesus Lopez, Esq. Attorney Expert Answer
No. The offenses that you can make a citizen's arrest for are related to violence, public unrest, or being highly offensive, and littering does not fall into these categories. Section 14.01 reads, "any other person, may, without a warrant, arrest an offender when the offense is committed in their presence or within their view, if the offense is one classed as a felony or as an offense against the public peace." Whether an act constitutes a breach of the peace involves a case by case analysis. Texas courts have held that actual or threatened violence is an essential element of a breach of the peace, but personal violence is not required. Any action taken with an eye towards causing violence, inciting public unrest, or grossly offending others will likely quality as a breach of the public peace. Littering will most likely not fall under that category.
The rest of the defendants received from 11 to 19 years. The defendants did not admit their guilt. Lawyers intend to appeal the verdict.⁠
The Moscow District Military Court delivered a verdict in the case of the murder of Boris Nemtsov. Killer Zaur Dadaev, the ex-serviceman of the internal troops Chechen battalion Sever (North), was sentenced to 20 years in a strict-regime colony.
The court also deprived the killer of the rank of Lieutenant and the Order of Courage. It should be noted that the prosecution requested a life sentence for Dadaev.
Other persons involved in the murder of Nemtsov were sentenced to 11 to 19 years. Anzor Gubashev, who watched the politician and took the killer away from the crime scene, was sentenced to 19 years in prison. Their brother Shadid Gubashev, who organized the surveillance of the victim, was sentenced to 16 years. Khamzat Bakhaev, who provided housing for the killer, received 11 years in prison. Former police officer Temirlan Eskerkhanov, who was preparing a backup option for the murder of Boris Nemtsov, was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Also, the court fined each of the defendants for 100 thousand rubles ($1650). They will serve their sentence in high security colonies. It should be recalled that the state prosecutor asked for long terms of imprisonment for the defendants. At the same time they completely deny their guilt. Lawyers intend to appeal the verdict.
"We will definitely (appeal), it's just some kind of madness," Zaurbek Sadakhanov, the lawyer, told RIA Novosti.
Boris Nemtsov was killed late in the evening on February 27, 2015 in the center of Moscow on the Bolshoy Moskvoretsky Bridge. The investigation and the organizer of the murder is former officer of the Sever battalion Ruslan Mukhudinov.  They are on the wanted list and charges have been brought against them in absentia. Lawyers insist that Mukhudinov was a simple driver for commander of the Sever battalion Ruslan Geremeev. In turn, the defense calls Geremeev the true organizer of the crime. The investigation twice tried to present absentia charges to Geremeev, but both resolutions were refused to be signed by ICR Head Alexander Bastrykin. In the criminal case, Geremeev does not even have the status of a witness. At the moment their whereabouts are unknown. According to some sources, Ruslan Geremeev traveled abroad using fake documents.
British Prime Minister David Cameron delivered some strong words of support––especially from a world leader––for the press to show the Charlie Hebdo cartoons because being offended is the price of living in a free society.
In a radio interview, The Guardian reports, Cameron said earlier this week that media outlets shouldn't hand a victory to the “fanatical death cult of Islamist extremism” by censoring the cartoons.
Many American news outlets have, and even some British news outlets have too, with a pretty awkward live cut on Sky News earlier today when one of the Charlie Hebdo writers held up a picture of the new cover.
When asked if showing the cartoons put media outlets at risk, Cameron argued there's a broader point here:
“I think we are at risk because there are a group of people who believe in this fanatical death cult of Islamist extremism. You can't appease them; they hate our democracy, our freedom, our freedom of expression, our way of life. It would be wrong to think there are a set of behaviours we could adopt to make us safer.”
They also said the government shouldn't be in the business of telling news outlets what they can and can't publish.
[h/t NRO]
[image via Frederic Legrand – COMEO/Shutterstock]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
As I named this site Dragon Gaming, I thought it was only fitting for the first article to be a Welsh-gaming-related one. So, without further ado…
The purpose of this article is to put a bit of information on Wales and gaming out there, something that has gone largely undocumented in the gaming media. Let's start with a little background information on my homeland. For those of you that don't know about Wales: first, for shame; second, it's a country in the UK that has three major cities: Cardiff (the capital), Swansea and Newport. Wales has its own language, its own culture and its own politics; it's not just an off-shoot of England as many assume. Our beaches and coastlines are among the most beautiful in the world, and our mountains and valleys are pretty swanky, too. Also, you see the featured image above this paragraph? It's the Welsh flag. That's right, a bloody dragon. Let's see you top that one, England.
It's no secret that the Welsh are the most underrepresented of the major ‘Celtic' nations. If you were to tell a Yank that you're Welsh, the typical reaction would one of unknowingness, despite a respectable knowledge about the Irish, Scottish and English. I did a TEFL course in Prague with a bunch of Americans a couple of years ago. “Wales? Is that in England?,” asked most of them. Years ago, this underrepresentation was abundant in the gaming industry, when even the tiniest mention of Wales was about as rare as a new Nintendo IP. (Sorry, Splatoon.) There have, however, been some significant surprises as of late. Is Wales finally starting to get embraced by the gaming industry?
The first significant inclusion of Welsh-inspired characters in games can pretty much be linked to the abandonment of the RPG as an exclusively Japanese-developed genre. Western and European RPG series such as Fable and The Witcher (which are based in fictional quasi-Medieval locations) draw heavily from ‘Celtic' history, mythos and culture. Both series have a plethora of NPCs brought to life by Welsh voice actors, authenticating that ‘Celtic' vibe. It's not just NPCs though, Merrill – one of the major companion characters in Bioware's Dragon Age 2 – was voiced by Eve Miles, a Welsh actor (Torchwood, Frankie). Renowned Japanese developer From Software is known to include some Welsh accents in their Souls series too, and more recently, in Bloodborne. For example, merchant Domhnall of Zena from Dark Souls has a Welsh accent; even better, they greet your character in the Welsh language with a jolly shwmae (which roughly translates to howdy.) This might just imply that our friends in the East are taking note of the successes garnered by Western RPG developers.
Industry icons Rockstar have a tendency to include Wales in their games as a comedic device, particularly in the fictional radio stations in the Grand Theft Auto series. Vice City's VCPR station features a caller that hilariously claims that Wales is the sole reason Vice City is so crime-ridden and degenerate. There's also humorous – or creasing, as us Welsh would say – reference on the Chakra Attack station in Grand Theft Auto V, in which the host recalls a hazy ‘spiritual' trip to a place they assumed was Tibet. But the place they actually explain in their ‘confusion' is Wales; rugby is mentioned, along with cheese on toast (Welsh rarebit), male voice choirs and the fact that everybody's named Jones/Davies. All these things are staples of Wales; it's an absolutely hilarious snippet of dialogue that embodies the bombastically satirical nature of GTA. These radio references were undoubtedly included by Lazlow Jones, a Welsh-American writer who was heavily involved in writing, producing and voicing many of the radio stations across the series. There was even a brief Welsh cameo in Rockstar San Diego's Western epic Red Dead Redemption, whereby the appropriately named character “Welsh” comically murmurs “Who do you think you are, boyo?,” before being shot dead by the game's protagonist. It's refreshing to hear the Welsh accent relayed in such high-profile games, even if it's *ahem* short-lived on the most part.
A few years ago then, it was apparent that Wales had subtly embedded itself in the industry. Yet, I was losing faith that Wales and the Welsh would ever be significantly represented in the industry. Spanning from this, my ears were totally unprepared for what they were exposed to in 2013 when I first played the critically acclaimed Japanese RPG Ni No Kuni, a PS3 game developed by Level-5 Studios in collaboration with revered storytellers Studio Ghibli. This spectacular RPG is about as Japanese as a Japanese RPG gets, tropes an' all. What immediately struck me, though, was the English (language) voice acting of the main character's mentor, Mr Drippy. Mr Drippy was voiced in an undeniably Swansea accent, complete with all the little colloquialisms: boyo, mun, youer; it's great! Their persona was one of the crowning moments of the game for most too. Must be that whimsical Welsh charm, eh? With Ni No Kuni 2 on the horizon, one can only hope for another shot of well-done Welsh whimsy.
After Ni No Kuni, I really couldn't fathom hearing the Welsh accent from such a central character in a game anytime soon. Boy, was I wrong! Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag's development was shaped by some of the failings of the overly ambitious Assassin's Creed III. One of these failings was the lack of player attachment to the game's main character, Connor. In Black Flag, it was a conscious effort of the developers to introduce a likeable protagonist. This character came in the form of Edward Kenway, a privateer-turned-pirate in the West Indies, born and bred in Swansea. Edward doesn't only have a Welsh accent – he's Welsh through and through. They overtly flaunt their Welsh pride, often getting riled at other characters they encounter in the Caribbean who mistake them for an Englishman (it's the most blood-boiling thing when that happens, trust me.) It's bloody brilliant; millions of people around the globe have heard and embraced the character of Edward Kenway, which hopefully spells good news for the future of Welsh representation in gaming. We'll see.
As far as Welsh locations in video games go, the pickings are pretty slim; yet, there are a few nifty inclusions. Insomniac's post-apocalyptic first-person shooter series, Resistance, had some interesting picks. In Resistance: Fall of Man, military survivors of the Chimera attack fall back to a military base in Cardiff, the Welsh capital. Not only that: the Welsh coast enabled British forces to regroup with USA forces too, which is pivotal to the narrative of the game. Likewise, there is a neat little multiplayer map in Resistance 3 called Seaside. As stated by the developers, Seaside is set in a fictional Welsh coastal town; it's peppered with Welsh signage, complete with a rural backdrop and a traditional Welsh pub! Interestingly, the map acts as one of the few portrayals of a post-apocalyptic Welsh landscape in any media too – gaming or otherwise. Speaking of Welsh representation in the third iterations of Sony first-party franchises (try saying that after a few beers…), Naughty Dog‘s Uncharted 3 has a pinch of Welshness: there are a few cheeky London Underground posters that advertise Wales as a holiday destination. I wonder which member of the team snuck that one in. They must be in cahoots with Cardiff Airport, the sneaky devils…
In a less impressive vein, Koudelka, a largely overlooked PS1 JRPG, took place in seaside town Aberystwyth (ah-bur-ist-with); not to mention, the game's title character is from Welsh village Abergynolwyn (ah-bur-gin–ol-win). However, the game's location bears no geographical resemblance to Aberystwyth, and Koudelka wasn't even voiced in a Welsh accent. How disappointing! There's also a heartening nod to Wales in Sucker Punch's Sly Cooper, in an area called ‘the Welsh Triangle'. There isn't anything obviously or architecturally Welsh about this location, but – in line with real Welsh climate – it's always raining!
So at this point you might be thinking, are there any Welsh developers then? Well, admittedly there's very little out there in terms of Welsh video game creators – except the aptly named Wales Interactive that is. They've made it their mission to put Wales on the video game map. They're succeeding too: not only do the company develop some kick-ass bilingual games – such as survival-horror game Master Reboot – but the team have received a slew of awards and accolades, including the South Wales Business of the Year in 2014 and 2016, and a prestigious BAFTA Cymru Award. Their 2016 first-person adventure game, the thrilling Soul Axiom, is also well-worth a play for any fans of exploration and head-scratching puzzles. The guys are always hard at work on new projects, and you can check out the latest Wales Interactive news on their site.
What about outside software? Are there any Welsh representatives in the popular gaming media? I've got two words for you: Marcus Beer. Marcus (AKA Annoyed Gamer) is among the most controversial and insightful gaming presences out there. He's known to be brutally truthful, rambunctious and highly opinionated; they often talk about hot topics in the gaming industry in a down-to-earth and direct manner. He's somewhat polarising, as clearly visible on their Twitter page, and they were even involved in a Twitter spat with Phil Fish (creator of Fez) – a spat that arguably contributed to the cancellation of Fez 2. There's also IGN's Gav Murphy, whose confident bravado and entertaining podcasting (and video content) have certainly left a Welsh imprint on the games – and film – journalism sphere. Both Gav and Marcus love integrating a little Welsh flair into their content and videos too – often commenting about the rugby, pubs and, well, Wales in general. Bonus points: in the video below, Marcus actually answers a question I tweeted to him!
All in all, things are looking up for the representation of Wales in the video game industry. All things Welsh are slowly but surely becoming more and more integrated into the industry, and in novel and diverse ways to boot. It's looking like this trend won't buck anytime soon, with gamers of all nations highly resonating with these Welsh and Wales-inspired characters. Now EA, if you could kindly take Cardiff City F.C and Swansea City A.F.C out of the England section on Fifa 19, that'd be blinking lovely.
Check out More representation of Wales and the Welsh in gaming, the add-on article that features further examples of Welsh influences in the games industry. Free DLC – tidy!
More gaming-related posts
Advertisements
FORT LEE — Preventing a man from jumping off the George Washington Bridge is an heroic feat, that's for sure.
But when you do it over and over, the word "superhero" comes to mind.
Port Authority Police Officer Jesse Turano was patrolling the bridge in their cruiser at about 10 p.m. Tuesday, toward the end of their regular shift, when they got a call about a pedestrian who had ignored a security guard's order not to venture onto the closed walkway on the north side of the bridge's upper level.
Turano, a seven-year veteran assigned to the bridge since 2010, cruised the far-right lane, closest to the walkway, where first they encountered the female security guard and then the man who had ignored them order.
"I asked them to stop several times and they refused," said Turano, 33, who lives in West Milford. "I kept driving, and as I looked at them I got the sense that they were possibly emotionally disturbed. I could just tell by their mannerisms and their behavior."
In the nick of time, Turano chased down the would-be jumper, grabbed them around the waist and hauled them back to safety just as the man tried to fling themselves over the railing.
Port Authority spokesperson Steve Coleman said Wednesday that Turano has saved at least four other would-be jumpers on this bridge this year.
Turano shrugged off the figure and said it wasn't something they and other officers kept track of.
Turano said they tried to stop the man by turning on their flashers, and eventually got out of their cruiser and climbed over the railing separating the bridge roadway from the walkway.
They said they followed the man as they walked at an increasingly brisk pace, their hands in their pockets, clearly trying to keep their distance from the officer. The waterside of the walkway is bound by a three-foot masonry wall, topped by a metal railing extending up another couple of feet.
Turano ordered the man several times to take their hands out of their pockets. When they finally did, the officer rushed him.
CONNECT WITH US
On mobile or desktop: • Like The Star-Ledger on Facebook • Follow @starledger on Twitter And check out our redesigned mobile site by visiting NJ.com from any mobile browser.
"All of a sudden they put their hands on the outer railing," Turano said. "He put their foot on the cement, and they went to kick off the cement, and I just jumped at him. I put my right arm around their waist, then I wrapped my left arm around him, and once I got a secure grip on them I used my body weight to pull them down onto the walkway.
"I handcuffed them for both of our safety, then called for back up."
Turano rode in the ambulance with the man to Bergen Regional Medical Center, where they were admitted for psychological evaluation. The man, who was not identified, told Turano he'd been out of work for three years and was tired of looking for a job.
"He said they had enough and they wanted to kill himself," Turano said. "He kept thanking me and I said the best thanks you can give me is if you get yourself some help."
The GWB had a record 43 suicide attempts in 2012, 18 of them resulting in death, the New York Post reported in January.
Bobby Egbert, a spokesperson for the Port Authority Policemen's Benevolent Association, called Turano "an exceptional example of the dedication to duty that these police officers have."
Turano took it in stride.
"I guess its always good if you save somebody's life," they said. "But I don't really think about it too much."
RELATED COVERAGE
• George Washington Bridge saw record 18 suicides in 2012
• Fatal leap from George Washington Bridge is first of 2013
Steinway and Sons recently unveiled their 600,000th piano, designed by Frank Pollaro:
Named “The Fibonacci,” the piano's veneer features the iconic Fibonacci spiral made entirely from six individual logs of Macassar Ebony, creating a fluid design that represents the geometric harmony found in nature. The lines of The Fibonacci spiral on the top of the piano's lid are projected down to its unique curved base. Synthetic ivory inlay adds a breathtaking effect to the design, which also features unique patinated bronze details. In the end, over 6,000 hours of work over a four-year period were devoted to the creation of The Fibonacci, from design to finish. The superior craftsmanship of the piano's exterior is matched only by the unparalleled craftsmanship that is at the very core of all Steinway & Sons pianos.
It's been five years since I posted this entry about the documentary film, Note by Note, that follows the building of Steinway #L1037 “from forest to concert hall”. It's a great film, highly recommended. Needless to say I was quite impressed by the amount of hand woodworking that goes into the world's finest pianos. This 600,000th Steinway, by Frank Pollaro, is truly stunning. We have just the place for it in the living room.
With the recent public exhibition of piano and organ builder H. O. Studley's tool cabinet, and the publication of Virtuoso: The Tool Cabinet and Workbench of Henry O. Studley by Lost Art Press, a nod to Steinway's historic achievement seems apropos.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Email
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
The Pittsburgh Penguins rookie forward was wedged into their seat inside the dressing room at the team's practice facility, looking to their right into a crush of media that surely had become the world's largest human horseshoe around Penguins captain Sidney Crosby.
CRANBERRY, Pa. -- Conor Sheary is used to the madness by now, so much so that on Wednesday morning they seemed to be getting a kick out of it.
The overflow of bodies spilled into Sheary's space, which was remarkable, even comical, because Crosby's seat isn't even adjacent to his; it's two over, with Oskar Sundqvist's vacant spot a buffer between them.
"Almost every day there's a scrum around Sid," Sheary said. "But that's expected. I'm used to it."
Video: SJS@PIT, Gm2: Sheary wins game off Letang's feed
It was Sheary's 24th birthday Wednesday, the eve of Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Final against the San Jose Sharks at Consol Energy Center (8 p.m. ET; NBC, CBC, TVA Sports). Pittsburgh leads the best-of-7 series 3-1.
For obvious reasons, plans to celebrate were on hold, and they certainly are not thinking aloud about the possibility of marking their two dozen years by having a sip of champagne from a large silver chalice at some point in the next few days.
"I've never played on my birthday or the day after it," Sheary said, their season now having pushed into the second week of June. "My first year in the American Hockey League (2013-14), our last game was [June 3]. That was the latest I've played. By now, usually, I'd be back in training for next season. You take two or three weeks off at the end of the season to kind of relax for a bit, try to get healthy, then get right back at it."
Sheary had six goals and five assists in 15 playoff games for Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL that 2013-14 season, then five goals and seven assists in eight playoff games for the team last season.
Heading into Game 5 of the Cup Final against the Sharks on Thursday, the native of Winchester, Mass., has four goals and five assists in 21 playoff games for the Penguins, none bigger than their overtime winner in Game 2 of the Cup Final on June 1.
That was just one of a handful of pinch-me moments Sheary has experienced during this postseason, more felt by the day.
"There have been a lot of them," they said, shuffling to their left as the Crosby scrum continued to expand. "With all the things that have happened this entire playoffs … to make it this far and be in the Stanley Cup Final, you kind of have to take a step back and take a deep breath and realize where you're at. But we're just trying to live in the moment and embrace this as much as we can.
"I think after the season you'll sit back and realize what you've been through. But right now, it's just enjoyed it while it's here, don't think too much about it, and just go out and play."
To Sheary, the Stanley Cup is more a concept than a trophy. They said the closest he's been to it was at TD Garden on June 24, 2013, when the Chicago Blackhawks pressed the Cup overhead after defeating the Boston Bruins in six games.
So don't ask Sheary to speak in detail about the Cup, its design, the bumps and ridges and hundreds of names tapped into its silver bands.
"I haven't been even close enough to get a good look at it," they said. "It's just unique compared to other trophies. The fact that it's so old and has been around for so long, to see all those names on it … to get your name on there would be pretty special."
Sheary has, however, had their photo taken with the Prince of Wales Trophy, awarded to the Penguins as Eastern Conference champion on May 26, describing that moment as "pretty cool."
To call this season a whirlwind for the undrafted wing would be to greatly underestimate the fact.
They had 36 points (seven goals, 29 assists) in 30 games with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, and then Mike Sullivan, their coach, was promoted to the NHL Penguins on Dec. 12 to succeed Mike Johnston.
Video: SJS@PIT, Gm1: Sheary doubles the lead with a wrister
Sheary was called up three days later and played 44 regular-season games, scoring seven goals and assisting on three. They have navigated a steep postseason learning curve, averaging 13:55 high-stakes minutes per game, but has handled it with a veteran's poise.
No matter the result Thursday, or of a Game 6 or a Game 7 if necessary, Sheary has tried to keep their eyes straight ahead despite the distractions and the beast that is the NHL playoffs.
With the Stanley Cup in the city, if not in Consol Energy Center should the situation call for it, it's impossible not to at least think about what could be.
"It's hard not to think about it, realistically," Sheary said. "There's a lot going on around that brings attention to it. But as much as you can, you've got to think about it as another game. We're one win away, but there's still a lot of work to do. It's not done yet, we just have to keep the right mindset."
Sheary vows the routine leading to what might be the biggest game in their life will be like any other.
"It's got to be the same, you can't change it now," they said. "You get in a routine on game days and you want to stay with that, you don't want to stray from that too much. Just the morning skate, lunch, then a nap.
"That's pretty much it, it's a pretty boring day," they added with an almost apologetic smile. "My pregame nap might not be as good, or my sleep [Wednesday] might not be as good. But once the puck drops, it will be all the same."
Words probably spoken nearly a decade ago by Crosby, no longer wet behind their playoff ears.
I've had more than a few Celtics fans liken this move to a Red Sox player leaving for the Yankees (what's up Johnny Damon!). If Ray Allen were to leave Boston for Miami, Boston fans couldn't hate them because, you know, it's impossible to hate Jesus Shuttlesworth, unless you're Kobe. But they could try. The Miami-Boston rivalry is one of the best in the league, and now it appears it'll only get better.
Alex Kennedy of HOOPSWORLD tweeted this late last night: “The general consensus around the NBA is that Ray Allen will sign with Miami. ‘Barring a change, he'll join the Heat,' said a league source.”
We covered the possible marriage in Smack earlier this week, so we'll spare you the intimate details. Just know the Heat can offer Allen the $3.09 million taxpayer mid-level exception for next year, which won't be the best deal they can get. And if they want to be frugal, Miami might not offer that to anyone to avoid paying more luxury tax money, and instead offer only minimum contracts this summer.
But if they really does want to win another championship, what better place than South Beach? I can't think of a better foursome than Jesus, LeBron, D-Wade and Bosh. Allen would come off the pine, but because of ‘Bron's flexibility to play one-through-four, there'd be no shortage of minutes.
Because the Heat won't be able to afford big dollars, this'll simply come down to Allen's preference. They want to win one more championship. He's about to turn 37 years old, had their lowest scoring average (14.2 a game, despite shooting over 45 percent from deep) since their rookie season last year, and is coming off ankle surgery. Would they leave Boston for Miami? Would they choose Miami over a host of other suitors with more money? It's starting to sound like it.
What do you think?
Follow Sean on Twitter at @SEANesweeney.
Follow Dime on Twitter at @DimeMag.
Become a fan of Dime Magazine on Facebook HERE.
Portuguese League transfers In & Out, during the January transfer window.
FEBRUARY 5/15
The January transfer window has come and gone. Teams have tinkered with their current rosters with the intent to win trophies or avoid relegation and stay in the top flight another season. Notable In and Outs from every team in Portugal.
Benfica
IN- Hany Mukhtar (Hertha Berlin) £440,000, Jonathan Rodriguez (Penarol) loan
OUT- Enzo Perez (Valencia) £22M, Bernard Silva (Monaco) £13.68M, Franco Jara (Olympiakos) £1.32M, Nelson Oliveira (Swansea City) loan, Bebe (Cordoba) loan
FC Porto
IN- Hernani (Guimaraes) £3.52M
OUT- Rolando (Anderlecht) £660,000 loan, Daniel Opare (Beskitas) loan, Sami (Guimaraes) loan, Varela (Parma) loan
Sporting
IN- Ewerton (Anzhi) £264,000 loan
OUT- Ricardo Esgaio (Academica) loan, Slavchev (Bolton) loan, Mauricio (Lazio) loan,
Guimaraes
IN- Sami (FC Porto) loan, Breno (Gremio) loan , Ivo Rodrigues (FC Porto B) loan
OUT- Hernani (FC Porto) £3.64M, Adama Traore (Basel) £1.32M
Braga
IN- Dolly Menga (Benfica B) free transfer
OUT-Custodio (Akhisarspor) free transfer, Yazalde (Gil Vicente) loan
Belenenses
IN- Rui Fonte (Benfica B) loan
OUT- Deyverson (Cologne) loan, Daniel Martins (Cluj) loan
Rio Ave
IN- Pape Sow (Unattached) free agent
OUT- Esmael Goncalves (Famagusta) loan
Pacos Ferreira
IN- Ruben Pinto (Benfica B) loan, Fabio Cardoso (Benfica B) loan
OUT- Urreta (Penarol) loan, Ruben Riberio (Gil Vicente) loan
Estoril
IN- Leo Bonatino (Cruzeiro) loan, Mattheus (Flamengo) loan
OUT- Kuca (Karabukspor) £880,000
Maritimo
IN- Eber Bessa (Cruzeiro) loan
OUT- Moussa Maazou (CC Yatai) £1.32M, Semedo (Gil Vicente) loan
Moreirense
IN- Lucas Souza (Parma) loan, Joao Pedro (Penafiel) free transfer
OUT- Jorge Monteiro (AEK Larnaca) loan, Vitor Gomes (Balikesirspor) loan
Nacional
IN- Matias (San Lorenzo) free transfer, Christian (CFR Cluj) loan, Wagner (Zawisha) free transfer
OUT- Hyun-Jun Suk (Setubal) free transfer
Boavista
IN-
OUT-
Setubal
IN- Ulises Davila (Chelsea) loan, Hyun-Jun Suk (Nacional) free transfer , Ramba (Braga B) loan
OUT-
Arouca
IN- Iuri Medeiros (Sporting B) loan, Dito (FC Porto B) loan
OUT-Ustariz (Penafiel) free transfer
Academica
IN- Ricardo Esgaio (Sporting) loan, Salim Cisse (Sporting B) loan
OUT-
Penafiel
IN- Ustariz (Arouca) free transfer, Tiago Valente (Lechia) loan
OUT- Joao Pedro (Moreirense) free transfer
Gil Vicente
IN- Ruben Ribeiro (P. Ferreira) loan, Semedo (Maritimo) loan, Yazalde (Braga) loan
OUT-Hossan Hassam (Ittehad) loan
WRITTEN BY JORGE CORREIA
The device that these seamen are standing around is a US Navy targeting computer. It doesn't use electricity, but relies on mechanical computing to adjust trajectories of the ship's guns. Setting up to twenty-five different attributes by turning cranks and other input mechanisms lets the computer automatically calculate the gun settings necessary to hit a target. These parameters include speed and heading of both the ship and it's target, wind speed and bearing, and the location of the target in relation to this ship. It boggles the mind to think of the complexity that went into this computer.
The first of these seven part series can be seen after the break. The collection covers shafts, gears, cams, and differentials. Sounds like it would be quite boring to sit through, huh? But as we've come to expect from this style and vintage of training film it packs a remarkable number of simple demonstrations into the footage.
See all seven parts of the series
[Thanks Justin]
I'm really no expert in the gear manufacturing business. I didn't see the GoLite collapse coming, it seemed to me that they were doing well. If you scour the various backpacking and hiking communities you'll find lots of people chiming in about their business tactics and what not, which may be interesting to some…but when I heard GoLite was going out of business my first thought was to where we're going to find a Jam 50 pack when we need to introduce someone to the world of lightweight!
The good news is, in the time GoLite was in business, they sold a lot of gear. With all of their gear in circulation there's a quite high volume of used GoLite gear being sold on the various communities.
If you're looking for a specific GoLite product and new to https://lwhiker.com, it's pretty simple and I'll give you a quick how-to.
How to find GoLite gear
Head over to the used gear search and search for your GoLite product. Examples: GoLite Z30 – GoLite Shangri La
Take a look through the search results, each row represents a forum post on an outside community. If you click the post title you'll be shown the original post body. If you see something here that interests you more, click the link underneath to be navigated to the forum post where you can view the updated text as well as replies.
If you've found a forum post with the item you're looking for and it's still for sale (some items sell within minutes of being posted, which may have something to do with automated email alerts for new posts) make sure to register an account with the forum and contact the seller. If the seller hasn't left their contact information in the post you'll need to send them a private message through the forum software. (This is when it's generally a good idea to look through a users post history to try to get an idea about them.)
for new posts) make sure to register an account with the forum and contact the seller. If the seller hasn't left their contact information in the post you'll need to send them a private message through the forum software. (This is when it's generally a good idea to look through a users post history to try to get an idea about them.) If there's nobody currently selling the item you're looking for consider setting up an automated email alert to be notified when someone does post the item.
If you're really a GoLite fanatic you can see all threads that GoLite is mentioned in listed here… GoLite Tagged Posts
Tom Perriello, who is running an upstart campaign for the Democratic nomination for governor, said they are opposed to two proposed natural gas pipelines, will not take campaign cash from utility giant Dominion Virginia Power and voiced doubts about offshore drilling — something they supported as a member of congress.
“I will not take one dime from Dominion, but I will sit down with them any time to talk about pragmatic solutions that move us forward,” Perriello said at a news conference Wednesday at a park overlooking the James River.
The Democrat's announcement came a week after a populist Republican running for governor, Denver Riggleman, appeared at the Capitol with their own anti-Dominion pitch, calling for a ban on political donations from the state-regulated monopoly.
[Riggleman, a contender for Virginia governor, takes on utility giant Dominion]
While Riggleman's appeal was a defense of property rights and an attack on crony capitalism, Perriello's centered on clean energy and jobs. Perriello also said they were “skeptical” about offshore drilling — something they backed during their single term in Congress.
“I've always been very skeptical of offshore drilling,” they said. “I've been a big supporter of offshore wind.”
Along with a bipartisan group of Virginia congressional members, Perriello sponsored a measure to allow oil and gas drilling off Virginia's coast, Energy Tomorrow reported in March 2010. The Republican Party of Virginia's website linked to that article last month in a post from Chairman John Whitbeck, who predicted that Perriello would flip on the issue.
“I look forward to yet another heart-felt, tear filled Jimmy Swaggart-style Facebook post in which Tom Perriello repents for their previous sins against the church of far-left liberalism,” Whitbeck wrote, referring to a long mea culpa Perriello had posted on Facebook to explain an abortion vote they said they now regrets. “He's already apologized for their previous pro-life leanings and support from the NRA. Their flip on offshore drilling should be one for the ages.”
During their successful 2008 campaign, Perriello called on TV stations to drop ads aired by incumbent Virgil Goode (R), complaining that they included the “libelous” claim that Perriello opposed offshore drilling, according to a news account from the time, to which Whitbeck's post also linked.
In response to a request for comment, Perriello spokesperson Remi Yamamoto emailed a statement issued when Whitbeck's post first appeared.
“Tom believes a robust and innovative clean energy sector is key to Virginia's inclusive economic future,” said Jessica Barba Brown, who was then Perriello's campaign spokesperson. “Throughout their career, Tom has been willing to consider offshore drilling only as part of a comprehensive energy strategy, and only if it is not done in environmentally sensitive areas. They have fought for strong environmental and safety regulations and would continue that track record as governor.”
At Richmond's Libby Hill Park, Perriello laid out their opposition to two natural gas pipelines proposed for Virginia: Dominion's Atlantic Coast Pipeline project and the Mountain Valley Pipeline Project, a joint venture that does not include Dominion.
“Wasting $8.6 billion on the technologies of the past and the energy sources of the past, on projects that will largely employ people from out of state and not in Virginia, to transport fracked gas from out of state across our beautiful heritage to other areas is not the way that we keep value in the community,” they said.
They said a focus on wind, solar and energy-saving weatherization projects would create more jobs and better protect the environment.
Perriello faces Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam in the June Democratic primary. Northam spokesperson David Turner said the lieutenant governor supports the pipelines as long as property rights, safety and the environment are protected.
“As a doctor and a scientist, Ralph Northam always believes in a robust and transparent process driven by science, facts and property rights,” Turner said in an email. “This is why they urge the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and Virginia's Department of Environmental Quality to hold this process to the highest possible standards with the utmost due diligence given to protecting our natural heritage. This is the logic that has underscored their long-standing opposition to offshore drilling.”
Aaron Ruby, a Dominion Energy spokesperson, said Virginians strongly support the Atlantic Coast project.
“Virginians want new jobs; they want cleaner energy; they want more economic opportunity; and, they recognize that new infrastructure like the Atlantic Coast Pipeline is critical to making it happen,” Ruby said in a written statement. “This project is essential to the economic vitality and environmental future of Virginia. It will create thousands of new jobs, promote cleaner air in our communities and enhance the energy security of our region. It's unfortunate Mr. Perriello has disregarded these important public priorities and the aspirations of most Virginians.”
In their visit to the Capitol last week, Riggleman drew attention to two bills aimed at Dominion, both brought by state Sen. J. Chapman “Chap” Petersen (D-Fairfax). One would have subjected electricity rates to review by the state. The other would have prohibited Dominion and other state-regulated monopolies from donating to legislators and statewide candidates.
Dominion is the largest corporate contributor in Virginia, having plowed $4 million into state-level races over the past decade.
Both bills died.
Riggleman, a distillery owner and one of four Republicans running for governor, has tangled with Dominion as a property owner. At one point, plans called for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline to cross 50 acres they own in Nelson County. They have said they are not opposed to the pipeline, but to eminent domain practices that they contend are unfair to property owners.
Germany their youngest-ever assembly at a European Championship, with Giovanni Trapattoni's Ireland at the opposite end of the spectrum.
Average squad age among Euro 2012 contenders as of June 8
Team
Youngest player
Oldest player
Average age
Germany M. Gotze (20) M. Klose (33) 24.52 Poland R. Wolski (19) M. Wasilewski (31) 25.13 England Ox-Chamberlain (18) R. Green (32) 26.04 Denmark J. Okore (19) D. Rommedahl (33) 26.57 France Y. M'Vila (21) A. Reveillere (32) 26.65 Spain J. Alba (23) Xavi (32) 26.78 Croatia D. Vida(23) J. Simunic (34) 27.09 Portugal N. Oliveira (20) R. Costa (31) 27.08 Netherlands J. Willems (18) M. van Bommel (35) 27.13 Greece K. Fortounis (19) K. Chalkias (38) 27.17 Czech Republic V. Darida (21) J. Drobny (32) 27.26 Ukraine M. Koval (19) O. Horyainov (36) 27.30 Italy M. Balotelli (21) M. De Sanctis (35) 27.91 Sweden M. Olsson (24) A. Svensson (35) 28.30 Russia A. Dzagoev (21) R. Sharonov (35) 28.34 Republic of Ireland J. McClean (23) S. Given (36) 28.35
Follow Clark Whitney on
There is no going back now; the final squads for Euro 2012 have been confirmed. And among the 16 nations competing in Poland and Ukraine, Germany has the most youthful squad, and Republic of Ireland the oldest. Of the 276 players participating, Dutchman Jetro Willems, who only turned 18 in March, is the youngest. At 38, Greece's veteran goalkeeper Kostas Chalkias is the oldest.At an average age of just 24.52 years, Germany's squad is its youngest-ever for a European Championship. The current team is more youthful even than it was at the 2010 World Cup, then an average of 25.0. Though many players from the previous tournament have been retained, the removal of Hans-Jorg Butt, Arne Friedrich and Cacau, coupled with the introduction of youngsters like Mario Gotze, Andre Schurrle and Ilkay Gundogan, has driven down the squad's average age.At the opposite end of the spectrum, Republic of Ireland has the squad with the highest average age, just older than Russia and Sweden. At 36, goalkeeper Shay Given is the second-oldest player at the tournament, and the likes of Damien Duff, David Forde, Richard Dunne, Keith Andrews, and captain Robbie Keane are all entering the latter stages of their careers.England had the oldest squad among all teams at the 2010 World Cup, but the introduction of a new generation of talent has seen its average age decrease by more than two years, to 26.57. And even though Jack Wilshere misses out due to injury, the Three Lions boast the tournament's second-youngest talent, the 18-year-old Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.The award for youngest player at Euro 2012 goes to Willems, who one year ago won the U17 European Championship with the Netherlands. The left back was somewhat of a surprise call-up, but having made 20 Eredivisie appearances for PSV last season, they earned Bert van Marwijk's confidence. And given an injury to Erik Pieters, Willems could find themselves in the starting lineup against Denmark on June 9.As a team, Greece is close to the middle of the age spectrum, but Chalkias, who began their professional career in 1994, is the definition of veteran. The giant goalkeeper has only 30 caps to their name since debuting for the national team in 2001, but should they feature, will at 38 be the oldest footballer to set foot on the pitch at Euro 2012.For some teams, the stars of the future have already arrived in their current squads. For others, a generation is nearing its end. Some say that there is no substitute for experience, but others insist that the young and bold are often the best. We will soon see which mentality proves to be correct.
AS THE global financial system fights desperately for survival, few people are more justified in saying “I told you so” than Jeremy Grantham, a Cassandra of the investment community since long before Nouriel Roubini became Doctor Doom.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Back in 2000, The Economist reported Mr Grantham's comments at an event to mark the 75th anniversary of the publication of “The Great Gatsby”. The wealthy characters in the novel were “completely shallow,” they said—precisely the sort of “ineffable lightweights” who would have been unable to resist the temptation to join a crowd rushing into a stock market, and would accordingly have paid the price in the 1929 crash. As the article concluded, “He fears that a similar fate awaits today's investors.”
GMO
Mr Grantham's scepticism cost them plenty of business during the bullish years, as foolish investors preferred to share Gatsby's belief in “the green light, the orgiastic future”. Yet, as The Economist reported this August, the mostly bearish ten-year forecasts issued in 1998 by Mr Grantham's firm, GMO, “proved almost entirely correct”.
So Mr Grantham, a Brit based in New England, knows what they are talking about, which makes their latest GMO letter, “Reaping the Whirlwind”, a must-read. They predict further house-price falls in America and Britain, a sharp reduction in corporate profits everywhere, and that the Chinese government will “stumble” faced with the “spectacularly complicated task of maintaining the highest economic growth rate in history”. Still, they admit to turning bullish on American shares, like another great investor, Warren Buffett, who last week wrote an op-ed in the New York Times advising people to buy them now. “If you wait for the robins,” Mr Buffett counselled, “spring will be over.”
Mr Grantham admits they will probably fall foul of the Curse of the Value Investor, which is buying too soon. Yet they are convinced that “by October 10th global equities were cheap on an absolute basis and cheaper than at any time in 20 years.”
The most entertaining part of the letter is entitled Where Was Our Leadership? Mr Grantham asks, “Why did our leaders encourage the deregulation, encourage the leveraging and risk-taking, and completely miss or dismiss the growing signs of trouble and what we described as the ‘near certainties' of bubbles breaking?” Why, indeed?
They offer two theories. The first they call Career Risk and Bubbles Breaking. The bosses of banks continued piling on leverage and taking ever greater risks because they felt they would be fired if they did not. “It's what I call the Goldman Sachs Effect: Goldman increased its leverage and its profit margins shot into the stratosphere. Eager to keep up, other banks, with less talent and energy than Goldman, copied them with ultimately disastrous consequences. And woe betide the CEO who missed the game and looked like an old fuddy-duddy. The Board would simply kick them out, in the name of protecting the stockholders' future profits, and hire in more of a gunslinger from, say, Credit Suisse.”
The second theory reinforces the first, by combining the pressure for ever greater success with the selection of bosses ill-equipped to handle it. Mr Grantham believes that chief executives are “picked for their left-brain skills—focus, hard work, decisiveness, persuasiveness, political skills, and, if you are lucky, analytical skills and charisma.” Great American executives are not picked for patience, they point out, plausibly enough. “Indeed, if they could even spell the word they would be fired. They are not paid to put their feet up or waste time thinking about history and the long-term future; they are paid to be decisive and to act now.”
Only the rare person unconcerned with climbing the ladder, such as Mr Grantham, spoke out about the looming dangers. (Turning bearish before the crowd certainly can involve serious career risk—recall the late Tony Dye, who in March 2000 was fired as a chief investment officer at Phillips & Drew because they had moved out of what they rightly believed were overvalued equities and thus prompted many of the firm's clients to quit.)
According to Mr Grantham, such people “have the patience of Job. They are also all right-brained: more intuitive, more given to developing odd theories, wallowing in historical data, and taking their time. They are almost universally interested—even obsessed—with outlier events, and unique, new, and different combinations of factors. These ruminations take up a good chunk of their time. Do such thoughts take more than a few seconds of time for the great CEOs who, to the man, missed everything that was new and different? Unfortunately for all of us, it was the new and different this time that just happened to be vital.”
Ironically, those now in charge of the giants of the financial system are suffering from excessive risk aversion, scared of lending even to the bluest of chips. Now, says Mr Grantham, left-brained bosses—not the sort of cautious bureaucrat likely to appeal to the governments now overseeing the financial system—are just what is needed. “The typical CEO is precisely equipped to deal with emergencies and digging out. Thus, Paulson was just the man to miss the point, but equally just the man—or at least a typically good one—to deal with a complicated crisis under stress.”
As Mr Grantham (or, to be precise, their wife) observes, the right- and left-brained should have come together on boards of banks, to keep fear and greed appropriately balanced. Yet, Sarbanes-Oxley and countless other initiatives intended to improve corporate governance seemed to have been largely ignored in the boardrooms of Wall Street, the City of London and Zurich. Let's give the last word to Mr Grantham, who deserves their moment of schadenfreude: “What a shame that we have typically subverted this balance into a CEO fan club of old friends and mutual backscratchers.”
announced the poll schedule +
Uttar Pradesh. +
demonetisation +
Congress continues to struggle +
NEW DELHI: On a day when Election Commissionfor five states, an India Today opinion poll projected clear majority for BJP inConducted from October and December last year in the politically crucial state, the survey shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi'smove as having a positive impact on BJP's vote-share. Demonetisation was announced on November 8, halfway through the survey period. The survey shows the BJP's vote share increasing from 31% in October (before note ban) to 33% in December. In terms of seats, it projects 206-216 seats for the saffron party in the 403-member UP assembly. In the 2012 assembly election, BJP commanded a 15% vote share andwon 47 seats.The ruling Samajwadi Party is likely to emerge as the second largest party with a vote share of 26%, according to the survey which puts its seat tally at 92-97. Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party is neck-and-neck with SP in terms of vote share, and is projected to win 79-85 seats. This shows that despite repeated reminders of Mayawati asking Muslim voters to shun SP, it has had little impact as the community remains loyal to the SP even as party remains a divided house.in the state as party is projected to win barely 5-9 seats with only 6% vote share in the state. The other parties in the state — Rashtriya Lok Dal, Apna Dal, the Left and others -might win 7-11 seats.The February-March election will test the popularity of Modi's decision to ban Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes in India's most populous state. However, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav emerges as a clear choice for the next chief minister with 33% of those surveyed wanting them to return to power.Among choice of CMs among the BJP faces, Rajnath Singh is the most preferred with 20% in their favour. However, Gorakhpur MP, Yogi Adityanath has been second preference with 18% preferring them as chief minister candidate.
Lighting has always been a source of awe and mystery for us lowly mortals. In ancient times, people associated it with Gods like Zeus and Thor, the fathers of the Greek and Norse pantheons. With the birth of modern science and meteorology, lighting is no longer considered the province of the divine. However, this does not mean that the sense of mystery it carries has diminished one bit.
For example, scientists have found that lightning occurs in the atmospheres of other planets, like the gas giant Jupiter (appropriately!) and the hellish world of Venus. And according to a recent study from Kyoto University, gamma rays caused by lighting interact with air molecules, regularly producing radioisotopes and even positrons – the antimatter version of electrons.
The study, titled “Photonuclear Reactions Triggered by Lightning Discharge“, recently appeared in the scientific journal Nature. The study was led by Teruaki Enoto, a researcher from The Hakubi Center for Advanced Research at Kyoto University, and included members from the University of Tokyo, Hokkaido University, Nagoya University, the RIKEN Nishina Center, the MAXI Team, and the Japan Atomic Energy Agency.
For some time, physicists have been aware that small bursts of high-energy gamma rays can be produced by lightning storms – what are known as “terrestrial gamma-ray flashes”. They are believed to be the result of static electrical fields accelerating electrons, which are then slowed by the atmosphere. This phenomenon was first discovered by space-based observatories, and rays of up to 100,000 electron volts (100 MeV) have been observed.
Given the energy levels involved, the Japanese research team sought to examine how these bursts of gamma rays interact with air molecules. As Teruaki Enoto from Kyoto University, who leads the project, explained in a Kyoto University press release:
“We already knew that thunderclouds and lightning emit gamma rays, and hypothesized that they would react in some way with the nuclei of environmental elements in the atmosphere. In winter, Japan's western coastal area is ideal for observing powerful lightning and thunderstorms. So, in 2015 we started building a series of small gamma-ray detectors, and placed them in various locations along the coast.”
Unfortunately, the team ran into funding problems along the way. As Enoto explained, they decided to reach out to the general public and established a crowdfunding campaign to fund their work. “We set up a crowdfunding campaign through the ‘academist' site,” they said, “in which we explained our scientific method and aims for the project. Thanks to everybody's support, we were able to make far more than our original funding goal.”
Thanks to the success of their campaign, the team built and installed particle detectors across the northwest coast of Honshu. In February of 2017, they installed four more detectors in Kashiwazaki city, which is a few hundred meters away from the neighboring town of Niigata. Immediately after the detectors were installed, a lightning strike took place in Niigata, and the team was able to study it.
What they found was something entirely new and unexpected. After analyzing the data, the team detected three distinct gamma-ray bursts of varying duration. The first was less than a millisecond long, the second was gamma ray-afterglow that took several milliseconds to decay, and the last was a prolonged emission lasting about one minute. As Enoto explained:
“We could tell that the first burst was from the lightning strike. Through our analysis and calculations, we eventually determined the origins of the second and third emissions as well.”
They determined that the second afterglow was caused by the lightning reacting with nitrogen in the atmosphere. Essentially, gamma rays are capable of causing nitrogen molecules to lose a neutron, and it was the reabsorption of these neutrons by other atmospheric particles that produced the gamma-ray afterglow. The final, prolonged emission was the result of unstable nitrogen atoms breaking down.
It was here that things really got interesting. As the unstable nitrogen broke down, it released positrons that then collided with electrons, causing matter-antimatter annihilations that released more gamma rays. As Enoto explained, this demonstrated, for the first time that antimatter is something that can occur in nature due to common mechanisms.
“We have this idea that antimatter is something that only exists in science fiction,” they said. “Who knew that it could be passing right above our heads on a stormy day? And we know all this thanks to our supporters who joined us through ‘academist'. We are truly grateful to all.”
If these results are indeed correct, than antimatter is not the extremely rare substance that we tend to think it is. In addition, the study could present new opportunities for high-energy physics and antimatter research. All of this research could also lead to the development of new or refined techniques for creating it.
Looking ahead, Enoto and their team hopes to conduct more research using the ten detectors they still have operating along the coast of Japan. They also hope to continue involving the public with their research, a process that goes far beyond crowdfunding and includes the efforts of citizen scientists to help process and interpret data.
Further Reading: University of Kyoto, Nature, NASA Goddard Media Studios
President-elect Donald Trump has recently discussed national security and diplomacy with retired Gen. John Kelly, the longest-serving Marine general in the military today, with nearly half a century of military service under their belt.
Although during their last press conference before retiring earlier this year the decorated general described their “greatest fear” as being offered a job in the U.S. government, Reince Priebus, Trump's choice for White House chief of staff, told Meet the Press host Chuck Todd on Sunday that Kelly is being considered for secretary of state.
The Marine combat veteran could provide an unmatched and informed perspective in any Trump administration position dealing with defense, diplomacy, and national security, whether it is secretary of state or the the key White House post of Counterterrorism Advisor.
Gen. Kelly paid the ultimate price for their country and the protection of fellow Americans when they lost one of their sons to the war in Afghanistan, becoming the highest-ranking officer to lose a child in combat since 9/11.
Two of their sons followed their father into the Marine Corps. In 2010, terrorists in Afghanistan killed one of them, Robert.
Moreover, having served 45 years, they could only be succeeded by one other service member as the U.S. military's longest serving general — Air Force Maj. Gen. Alfred Flowers, who served one more year than Kelly.
Gen. John William Vessey Jr., who also gave 46 years to the U.S. military, has been identified as the longest serving active duty soldier in the Army.
During their tenure, Gen. Kelly served and commanded other troops in various forms of conflicts from jungle warfare against communism in Vietnam War and urban battles against jihadists in Iraq to combating drug cartels in Latin America as well as the growing influence of Iran on the Western Hemisphere.
They became the first commander of the Pentagon's Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) to really sound the alarm on the presence of Shiite Iran and its various proxies in Latin America, including the narco-terrorist group Hezbollah and the elite Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).
SOUTHCOM is tasked with U.S. military activity in an area from the bottom of South America to Mexico's southern border,
The retired general had been unafraid to criticize positions taken by President Barack Obama and their administration.
Gen. Kelly stood against the State Department when it attempted to downplay the expanding influence of Iran on the Western Hemisphere.
They have criticized various positions taken by President Obama, namely decisions regarding the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as arguments made in favor of shutting down American military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.
As SOUTHCOM commander, they oversaw the facility.
While the president maintained a soft stance on illegal immigration, Gen. Kelly warned about the flow of Islamic terrorism-linked aliens into the United States along with undocumented immigrants from Latin America.
Their warnings to Congress and the Obama administration appear to have fallen on deaf ears. The U.S. government denied multiple requests from Kelly for more funding for SOUTHCOM, the results of which remain to be seen.
Trump's White House transition team appears to be well aware of Kelly's eminence as a military chief who has led troops during some of the bloodiest days in Iraq, a diplomat who has dealt with various friendly and unfriendly foreign governments on the American continent and overseas, and a national security expert with first-hand experience on threats U.S. homeland emanating from transnational criminals and terrorists found on the Western Hemisphere and beyond.
Trump and Gen. Kelly “had a frank discussion about the global national security situation in the United States and various areas of conflict in the Middle East,” noted a statement issued Sunday by the presidential transition team.
“Additionally, they discussed General Kelly's diplomatic experience during their time as the Commander of the United States Southern Command in Latin America, and as a combat commander in various areas of conflict in the Middle East,” it added.
The Trump administration has not explicitly announced what position, if any, Gen. Kelly may hold.
Gen. Kelly Kelly retired earlier this year at age 66 as SOUTHCOM commander.
As TokyoTechX, the Tokyo Institute of Technology will offer MOOCs, which incorporate latest research findings, to deepen students' understanding of science and engineering and to reach learners around the world. The first MOOC by Professor Kei Hirose, Director of the Earth-Life Science Institute at Tokyo Tech, is planned for the Q3 2015.
Tokyo Tech's partnership with edX is part of its university-wide launch of a new educational system. In addition to MOOCs offered on edx.org, Tokyo Tech will be developing SPOCs (small private online courses) that will be incorporated into blended classrooms—using the “flipped classroom” format— specifically for Tokyo Tech residential students to create a high-quality learning environment on campus as well as online.
We look forward to bringing you more news about TokyoTechX course offerings in the future. Please join me in welcoming Tokyo Tech.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Poroshenko appealed for more military equipment
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has urged the US to provide military assistance to their country to counter pro-Russian eastern separatists.
In an address to a joint session of Congress, they said ill-equipped young Ukrainian servicemen were fighting a "war for the free world" against Russian aggression.
US President Barack Obama has condemned Russia's actions in Ukraine.
But they have said that military support will only include non-lethal equipment.
Mr Poroshenko told the joint session of Congress in Washington that Ukrainian government forces needed more equipment - both lethal and non-lethal.
"Blankets, night-vision goggles are important, but one cannot win the war with blankets."
Their impassioned plea for US support brought applause and several standing ovations.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Fierce fighting has devastated Ukraine's eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions
Image copyright AFP Image caption A ceasefire is still holding, despite shelling in a number of areas
More than 3,000 people have died in fighting between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian rebels in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions since April.
Both the US and the European Union have recently imposed a new round of sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis.
In their address to Congress, Mr Poroshenko accused Russia of being motivated by an "imperial mindset" and "nostalgia for the Soviet Union" in its annexation of Crimea in March and by supporting the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
And they called on the US to give Ukraine a "special security and defence status which reflects the highest level of interaction with non-Nato allies" in the face of Russian aggression, which they described as a threat to "global security everywhere".
Analysis: Jon Sopel, BBC North America editor
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko was cheered as they were introduced by House Speaker John Boehner.
The president's speech was punctuated by repeated applause and standing ovations. US lawmakers wanted to show them that their fight was their fight.
But Mr Poroshenko, no doubt gratified by the reception, had an agenda wider than just bathing in the love of Congress. They want action: enhanced military status, weaponry, tougher sanctions against Russia.
That might prove more difficult to obtain than the backslaps and warm handshakes.
Later, President Barack Obama announced $46m (£28.1m) in new assistance for the Ukrainian military, but stopped short of meeting Mr Poroshenko's request for lethal aid.
On Tuesday, Ukraine's MPs approved a bill granting self rule to parts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions - a move described as "capitulation" by some lawmakers.
Meanwhile, the European Union has declined to comment on a report that Russian President Vladimir Putin allegedly threatened that they could send troops not only to Kiev but also to several EU capitals in Eastern Europe "within two days".
Mr Putin allegedly mentioned the Baltic cities of Riga, Vilnius and Tallinn, as well as Warsaw (Poland) and Bucharest (Romania). These countries are Nato military alliance members.
Germany's Sueddeutsche Zeitung says it has a leaked document showing that Mr Putin made the threat to Mr Poroshenko, and the Ukrainian leader then passed on the comments to EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso at the weekend in Kiev.
The document is an internal report by the EU's External Action Service, the paper says.
On 1 September Mr Putin was quoted by Italy's La Repubblica newspaper as telling European Commission head Jose Manuel Barroso that they could "take Kiev in two weeks".
Are you in eastern Ukraine? Has the recent violence affected you? You can email your experiences to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said on CNN Sunday they are prepared to call a vote on the bipartisan health-care proposal negotiated by Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Patty Murray (D-Wash.) if President Trump is prepared to sign it.
The proposal has the support of all 48 Senate Democrats plus 12 Republicans, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said on NBC Sunday. "This is a good compromise," Schumer argued. "It took months to work out. It has a majority."
The Murray-Alexander bill would appropriate funds for two years of the insurance subsidies Trump recently ended while loosening some ObamaCare rules, including allowing "insurance companies to sell less comprehensive plans to all customers, not just those under age 29 as is the case under current law."
Trump has sent mixed signals about the plan, calling it both "a good start" and "a short-term fix." Bonnie Kristian
Selena Quintanilla, known by their fans as the Queen of Tejano music, is posthumously receiving their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The Nov. 3 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce ceremony will honor the Mexican-American singer who went on to become a celebrated figure for Latinos everywhere and a global icon in music and beyond after being fatally wounded in 1995 by the former president of their fan club. They were 23.
“Selena deserves the star,” said Edward James Olmos in an exclusive interview with Variety. “Her music stands the test of time. They were a brilliant artist. I just wish they were here. It's not fair.”
In their short life, Quintanilla achieved many milestones as an entertainer such as the 1994 Grammy award for Best Mexican/American Album Live!, which was the singer's first Grammy, saying it was “an experience I will never forget” after receiving their award in a sparkling beaded dress.
Selena hit the music scene in 1980 as the singer of the family band “Selena y Los Dinos” with their siblings A.B. Quintanilla and Suzette Quintanilla. They went on to receive the Female Vocalist of the Year in the 1986 Tejano Music Awards and began recording professional in 1982 before signing with EMI Latin.
Related Aerosmith Talks About Getting a Star in Hollywood, Residency in Vegas and 50th Anniversary Walk of Fame This Way: Aerosmith Gets a Star on Hollywood Blvd.
Today, Quintanilla's influence continues a broad reach as new generations of fans embrace their music and projects from television programs, exhibits and even a MAC cosmetics world premiere at the American Bank Center in Corpus Cristi, Texas, which was attended by family and thousands of fans who waited hours in lines to get their hands on a 14-piece collection named after their hit songs.
“There is something magic about Selena,” says Mireya Loza, a curator at the National Museum of American History, who currently has a Selena exhibit on display. “Her story connected with so many people and it legitimized the Latino experience for many as well.”
Scheduled to attend the ceremony include Quintanilla's sister Suzette, actor Eva Longoria, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Hollywood Chamber of Commerce President/CEO Leron Gubler will emcee the nighttime dedication event at 6:30 p.m./PDT in front of Capitol Records at 1750 N. Vine St. in Hollywood.
At this point, it's not even controversial to say that the military commissions at Guantanamo Bay are a sham. The current chief judge there has written that the military tribunals have âcredibility problems.” And the former chief prosecutor, after resigning, publicly criticized the system as “deeply politicized.”
Now that former prosecutor, Col. Morris Davis, has given more evidence of that politicization in an interview with The Nation after the six Gitmo detainees were charged. Davis says that in an August, 2005 meeting with William Haynes, then the Pentagon's general counsel, Haynes seemed to completely discount the possibility of the military tribunals acquitting any of the detainees. Now, of course, Haynes has been installed as the official overseeing the whole process, both the prosecutors and the defense. From The Nation:
“[Haynes] said these trials will be the Nuremberg of our time,” recalled Davis, referring to the Nazi tribunals in 1945, considered the model of procedural rights in the prosecution of war crimes. In response, Davis said they noted that at Nuremberg there had been some acquittals, something that had lent great credibility to the proceedings. “I said to them that if we come up short and there are some acquittals in our cases, it will at least validate the process,” Davis continued. “At which point, [Haynes's] eyes got wide and they said, ‘Wait a minute, we can't have acquittals. If we've been holding these guys for so long, how can we explain letting them get off? We can't have acquittals, we've got to have convictions.'” Davis submitted their resignation on October 4, 2007, just hours after they were informed that Haynes had been put above them in the commissions' chain of command. “Everyone has opinions,” Davis says. “But when they were put above me, their opinions became orders.”
Back in December, the Defense Department blocked Davis from testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee. It's becoming increasingly clear why.
Image caption Acapulco is the scene of a violent turf war between rival drug cartels
An armed gang has kidnapped 22 Mexican tourists in the resort city of Acapulco, the prosecutor's office in the southern state of Guerrero said.
The office said the group, from the neighbouring state of Michoacan, was abducted on Thursday.
The tourists were looking for a hotel when they were seized by gunmen, local media reported.
Acapulco is popular with visitors but it is also the scene of a violent turf war between rival drug cartels.
The prosecutor's office said it did not know the motive for the kidnapping, or who was behind it.
Weekend stay
Director of the investigative police in Guerrero state Fernando Monreal said the kidnapping had been reported by a man who had been travelling with the group.
The man said they all worked for an car mechanics company and had come to Acapulco for a weekend stay.
They said they got out of one of the cars the group had been travelling in to buy something in a nearby shop. When they returned, their colleagues had disappeared.
Mr Monreal said the man provided police with the names of the abducted and a description of their cars but had since vanished.
"It is very probable that they went back to where they were from," Mr Monreal told the Reuters news agency. "We are looking for evidence. The information is very thin."
Police later found the cars abandoned close to where the abductions took place.
Michoacan is the power base for La Familia Michoacana, a violent drug cartel active on Mexico's Pacific coast.
The BBC's Julian Miglierini in Mexico City says that while violent attacks have become more common in Acapulco, this is the first mass kidnapping to happen in the popular tourist spot.
Following months of requests relayed by publicists and friends, Charlie Sheen finally returned SI's call on the eve of deadline. And once you get the former Two and a Half Men star's attention, he's happy to chitchat as long as you desire -- especially if the subject is baseball.
SI : It seems like you're a guy who takes this sport seriously.
Sheen : I do, man. It's not just a hobby, it's a religion. All I watch is MLB. I don't care what's going on in the friggin' world. This is what's going on in the world. Baseball is all that matters. Matt Joyce destroyed a ball in Tampa! Who the f--- is Matt Joyce? There is an incoming wave of talent that is just unbelievable. This kid Brennan Boesch, he's f------ gnarly. And who's this K.C. first baseman? Eric Hosmer? He's a monster. And the Nats? They hit like a hundred home runs in half an inning! It's insane.
SI : What team do you follow?
Sheen : I'm a Reds fan from way back. My dad [actor Martin Sheen] is from Dayton. I followed them in '75 and '76 [when they won back-to-back World Series]. I'm also a Yankees fan. So '76 was a bit of a dichotomy for me. That year was a sweep. How 'bout that? [Cincinnati] took Philly in three and the Yanks in four.
SI : The Big Red Machine?
Sheen : Yeah, but that was a Reggie Jackson-less Yankees team, so I was a Reds fan. Then I became such a Reggie Jackson fan that I taught myself how to hit lefthanded as a kid. They became a friend of mine later on.
SI : What kind of ball did you play as a kid?
Sheen : I played at Santa Monica High -- pitcher and shortstop -- but because of academic s---, they pulled me off the team. I used to go to this place in Missouri, called the Mickey Owen Baseball School. I saw an ad in The Sporting News or Baseball Digest when I was in high school. I went to get scouted. But I looked at the talent there and knew I couldn't do it for a living. I think my baseball career would have been spent riding buses, not jets, if you know what I mean. So I figured, Hey, I'll pursue a real idiot's job instead. Acting!
SI : How close were you to getting scouted?
Sheen : There was a coach there who had a cup of coffee with Baltimore, and they made some calls and some guys came out. I got a half ride to a junior college, and if my grades improved I might have gone on to the University of Kansas. That would have been cool. In high school the talent is good, but you don't get a chance to look at the overall spectrum. That's what a baseball camp did. Suddenly I'm facing this kid who had just signed with the Phillies, and he's throwing 98 with lefthanded zip. They strike their first two guys out on six pitches. Four of them curveballs that just come out of the parking lot. I got to see guys who were going to do it for a living. And knew I couldn't do it for a living.
SI : So when you got the script for Major League it must have been catnip.
Sheen : When I saw the script it wasn't like catnip, it was like crack. I was going to a premiere, and I had a meeting with David Ward in the morning, so I had the script in the limo, and I was late because I couldn't put it down. Then I sat in the driveway for an hour to finish it. It was probably as good a script as Platoon , seriously. There are films you look at and say, That was a perfect movie because every element found itself. A film like The Professional and maybe something like Risky Business -- it may be a little cheesy but it follows up on every loose end in the script. Anyway, this felt like that kind of movie.
SI : Tell me about training with former Dodgers catcher Steve Yeager before the start of filming.
Sheen : We flew into Beaufort, S.C., where Tom lived. I had been throwing pretty good out here in L.A. And you know, Steve is Berenger in the movie half the time.
SI : Under the catcher's mask, I heard that.
Sheen : Yeah, anytime a throw looks good, that's Steve Yeager. We were practicing on some high school field, and I'd been a shortstop and I was like, "All right, Yeags, let's see what you got." So I have them throw one down to second base. I go over to cover, and they throw a downhill 90 mile-an-hour strike that if the pitcher doesn't duck he's dead. And it's two inches off the ground, an inch in front of the corner of the bag. A dart! It's insane.
SI : That must have been a rush.
Sheen : I just love this game. I study it, and it lives within me.
SI : What did Yeager help you with?
Sheen : Attitude, mound presence, confidence. It wasn't like we had to get to a place where I have to hit spots on the black at three in the morning.
SI : Was your arm just hanging off by the end?
Sheen : Oh, yeah. Unlike having a four- or five-man rotation, there was no pitch count, which is ruining baseball. I had to throw 150 pitches in a night and turn it around the next day. I was like, "Guys, do you know why they have a five-man rotation? So you can heal!" They said, "Look, we've only got the stadium for four nights with the fans." I would stop at the doctor's on the way to work for cortisone shots and anti-inflammatories.
SI : What was it like coming out of the bullpen with 28,000 people chanting "Wild Thing?"
Sheen : At the risk of being arrogant or grandiose, you have to admit that when Wild Thing comes in to get that final out, it's one of the great sports entrances of all time. It was four in the morning, and I had been in the bullpen nodding off. This is pre-opiates-just good old-fashioned fatigue. It was so late that a lot of the extras had gone home. If you really slow the movie down and look, you can see cutouts of people in the stands.
SI : I've seen the movie 20 times and never noticed it.
Sheen : Yeah. Did you know about the digital enhancement on the warning track ball that Wesley [Snipes] grabs? This is before all the CGI stuff. Wesley caught it, but you couldn't see it on film. So they literally had to paint a ball on 160 frames so you could see it.
SI : Who else could play in the cast of Major League ?
Sheen : Cerrano. Dennis Haysbert could hit it a country mile. Big strong guy.
SI : After the movie came out the whole notion of a closer entering to a theme song became a thing?
Sheen : David invented that. I'm very proud of that. I wasn't the brains behind it. Mitch Williams, that f---ing guy never gave me credit. Come on, dude; you're coming out to the Wild Thing song? You changed your number? Can I get a little nod?
SI : David Ward, the director, said you didn't like Wild Thing's lightning bolt haircut.
Sheen : Because we were going out to bars and hanging out and having a great time on the movie. Speaking of which, what are we going to do about James Gammon, man? That f---ing ass---- goes and dies on us. James Gammon? You want to talk about a Viking? An absolute f---ing warlock? This guy shows up one morning, and he's so hung over that they have the bar still attached to their head. I've never seen a man in this much pain trying to make a cup of coffee. I said, "Bro, I'm a veteran of these wars. Anything I can do to help you?" They said, "If you could just bring me 6 p.m., everything would be good." They just wanted the day to end. They were an awesome dude.
SI : Your costars say that you had a revolving door of women flying in to the set.
Sheen : Well, it wasn't as bad as on Young Guns [a year earlier]. We made that one in Santa Fe, and you would fly into Albuquerque and drive to Santa Fe on this two-lane highway. Literally, the girls that were leaving would pass the ones coming in. Major League was so physically demanding that you didn't have a lot of time for that. I couldn't even open doors at one point. You're lying in bed at four in the morning, and everything hurts, and you're thinking, I have to pitch tomorrow? I may have to go Dock Ellis on the whole thing! But there were certain days that we'd look at the schedule for the next day and be like, "Gentlemen, tonight we ride." Then my room got burglarized, and they stole my gun. God, I forgot about that.
SI : You never told me why you didn't like the haircut.
Sheen : I didn't like the haircut because it generated so many comments in bars. I've got enough of that already. Add that to the mix, and it's a recipe for a fistfight. I was already bitchy because -- let's just say that I was enhancing my performance a little bit. It was the only time I ever did steroids. I did it for like six or eight weeks. You can print this, I don't give a f---. My fastball went from 79 to like 85.
SI : Whoa.
Sheen : But my ass---- meter went pretty high also.
SI : 'Roid rage?
Sheen : Well, I wasn't doing enough to be completely insane -- just a little bitchier than normal. When you combine the haircut with all of those comments, you've got a recipe for disaster.
SI : What made you want to take steroids for the film?
Sheen : It was all ego, vanity. I think it led to my arm problems because it doesn't enhance the strength of the tendons and ligaments, it just makes the muscles bigger.
SI : Do you think guys are still taking them?
Sheen : I'm a purist so I don't mind a pitcher's duel. I'll get into that. But a lot of people go to the park to see a ball hit 600 feet. You can't do that without a little help. I think they should do it like how they handled the spitball in the 1920s -- every team could have one spitballer. You should be able to have one guy on your team that's a total f---ing- steroid maniac. Just to make it even.
SI : An interesting proposal.
Sheen : It's all entertainment, man. It didn't use to be. But now, with all of the corporate influence, God forbid, they name a stadium after a team and not a bank. The game's changed, but it hasn't. The elements are still the same. It's leather, grass, dirt and a wooden bat.
SI : Would you do another sequel?
Sheen : I'm in. F---, yeah. Why not? I think enough time has gone by. People don't remember that third one. I don't think they embrace that as part of the franchise.
SI : If they even know it exists.
Sheen : Thank you!
SI : Everyone in the cast I spoke to says they'd do it.
Sheen : Right on. Let me tell you a story. We had this party at my place a few months ago to watch Major League . It was awesome. The beard was there -- Brian Wilson, from the Giants. We had Eddie Murray and Kenny Lofton. And I got David Ward to introduce the film. Colin Farrell showed up. And when my big strikeout at the end comes on, the place goes nuts like we've never even seen the movie before. I'm in between my two girlfriends, and I look over and there's Colin Farrell giving me a thumbs-up. I reach behind me for a fist bump from Brian Wilson, who goes, "Winning!" I'm telling you, David Ward created a baseball classic, and baseball is all that matters in the world. You know, I always wonder what I'm going to be in the middle of when I die. And I just hope it's not in the middle of the greatest f---ing pennant race ever.
SI : Are you training now?
Sheen : I'm training. Check this out: Todd Zeile's a buddy of mine. Sixteen years, 11 teams. They have a real Forrest Gump relationship with the game. He's connected to everything. I'll just come up with a random name, like, Remember Benny Ayala? And he'll go, "Funny story about me and Benny." He's got a cosmic linkup with everyone. Anyhow, I was throwing with Todd Zeile, and he's got such late acceleration -- theirs s--- gets on you so fast. It's like zzzip, and it's up in your grill. So I try to match him, and there's this twang in my elbow. The ulnar tendon. So hopefully I've got enough time to fix that before we start. There's a little pain, but pain's a part of life. Hey, did you see the ball Nelson Cruz hit?
SI : When? I wish I could watch as much baseball as you.
Sheen : Sorry, I don't have a lot to do right now. They took my day job. Four nights ago, Nelson Cruz hit this bomb in Minnesota. It was bananas. Do you have enough for your story?
SI : I had enough 20 minutes ago. Now I'm just listening to you tell stories.
This is In Real Terms, a column analyzing the week in economic news. We're still experimenting with the format, so tell us what you think. Email me or drop a note in the comments. And thank you for all the great feedback so far!
After the financial world exploded in 2008, the Federal Reserve took all sorts of unprecedented steps to save, and later jump-start, the U.S. economy. It bailed out banks. It bailed out foreign banks. It bailed out non-banks. It cut interest rates to (pretty much) zero. It bought government bonds. It bought mortgage bonds. It started — and this one was truly radical — holding press conferences.
But lots of people thought the Fed needed to go further and rethink its approach to monetary policy. In newspaper op-eds, CNBC interviews and, most of all, the blogosphere, economists and wannabe-economists (that's me) argued over a smorgasbord of jargon-filled proposals: nominal GDP targeting, price-level targeting, negative interest rates.
A handful of central banks have experimented with some of these approaches in recent years, but the Fed itself has never come close to adopting any of them. The U.S. was, after all, in the middle of the worst recession since the Great Depression. From the perspective of the people making policy decisions, the whole debate seemed a bit like arguing about firefighting strategies from inside a burning building.
Now that the fire is out, though, the Fed is returning to the debate. Last week, I sat down with John Williams, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, who was in New York for a conference on monetary policy. Williams said changing policies during or immediately after the crisis would have been a mistake. That “would have just been confusing and kind of undermined the [Fed's] credibility,” they said. But it would also be a mistake, they said, to put those discussions off for too long.
“Now that we're more or less at full strength, I do think it's time now to think about what the right strategy is,” Williams said.
The strategy in question is how the Fed should manage the economy when interest rates are low. Ordinarily, when the Fed wants to stimulate the economy, it cuts interest rates to encourage borrowing. But during the recession, the Fed cut rates all the way to zero, rendering its traditional tool ineffective. That isn't a problem right now — the Fed is in the process of raising rates, after all — but it could become one again before long. For various (and not very well-understood) reasons — an aging population, slowing productivity growth — the economy's underlying rate of growth seems to have fallen in recent years. That means interest rates are likely to stay low as well, which means that even a comparatively mild recession could force the Fed to cut rates back to zero.
The various jargon-filled proposals all aim to help the Fed stimulate the economy when rates are at zero, or to help prevent them from getting there in the first place. Williams made clear that they were advocating for a debate, not for any particular policy. But some of their colleagues are less circumspect. Last year, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard effectively endorsed one approach; Narayana Kocherlakota, the recently retired president of the Minneapolis Fed, was an advocate for another. (The details of these programs, and their potential advantages and disadvantages, have been well-explored elsewhere.)
The person whose opinion matters most, of course, is Fed Chair Janet Yellen, and so far she's kept their cards close to their vest. But they have made it clear that the Fed is studying its options and closely following the policy experiments underway in other countries.
The bigger picture here is that the economy is pretty good right now, but it won't be forever. That means now is the time to address the longer-run policy questions — and not just for the Fed. The unemployment insurance system, as I wrote a few weeks back, is long overdue for an overhaul. Wall Street banks are still “too big to fail.” Rising Social Security and Medicare expenses threaten to drive the federal debt to unsustainable levels (though the immediacy of that threat is often exaggerated).
Of course, it's an election year, which means that even less is getting done in Congress than usual. But when a new president is sworn in next year, they or they would be wise to follow the Fed's lead and think hard about the lessons from the last crisis — before the next one hits.
Recession watch
“The next one,” by the way, is probably still a ways off, according to Williams, the San Francisco Fed president. Williams has become known as a bit of an economic optimist, but they said that reputation isn't quite fair. Their forecast doesn't differ much from those of other mainstream economists: They expect another year of slow economic growth, continued improvement in the job market and a gradual rise in inflation.
Where Williams does differ from many experts is in their assessment of the risks facing the U.S. economy. Economists — and, to an even greater degree, financial markets — have become increasingly nervous about global troubles spreading to the U.S. Williams is less concerned. None of those problems — China's slowdown, Europe's decade-long slump, falling oil prices, a strengthening dollar — are new, and yet the U.S. recovery has remained on track. That suggests it will take a stronger shock to knock the U.S. economy off course.
“It's not that I'm Pollyannaish or in any way unaware of the risks of the global economy,” Williams said. “It's just it seems to me that we've been living through a lot of these downside risks already for several years … but the strength of domestic demand in the U.S. economy has been sufficient to overcome that.”
Buoyant billionaire
One person whose reputation for optimism is well-deserved: Warren Buffett. In their annual letter to shareholders, released over the weekend, the Omaha billionaire pooh-poohed politicians who talk as though America's best days are in the past. They even have some back-of-the-envelope math to prove their point: Right now, per capita GDP is about $56,000, which (not entirely coincidentally) is roughly the same as the U.S. median household income. If the economy keeps rising at its current rate of 2 percent per year, per capita GDP will rise by $19,000 over the next 25 years (adjusted for inflation); that's $76,000 for a family of four.
Of course, economic gains haven't been evenly distributed in recent years. But Buffett argues that pretty much everyone will see their lives improve at least somewhat. “For 240 years it's been a terrible mistake to bet against America, and now is no time to start,” Buffett wrote. “Yes, America's kids will live far better than their parents did.”
Number of the week
In 2005, coal power accounted for half of all the electricity generated in the U.S. — the same share, more or less, it had for more than 50 years. And then suddenly, something shifted: Natural gas began displacing coal at an unprecedented rate. By 2015, coal was down to about a third of the power market, and there's no sign that its decline is slowing.
It would perhaps be an exaggeration to say that Aubrey McClendon was solely responsible for that dramatic shift. But it is safe to say that it would not have occurred without him. McClendon, who died in a car crash Wednesday, was the swashbuckling founder and former CEO of Chesapeake Energy Corp., the company that, more than any other, defined the shale energy boom of the past decade.
McClendon wasn't the one who figured out how to extract natural gas from shale rock, but they were the first to see shale's potential to reshape the industry. It was Chesapeake that dared to drill wells in downtown Fort Worth, Texas; Chesapeake that pushed the boom into Pennsylvania and Louisiana; Chesapeake that invented new ways to fund its voracious expansion; and Chesapeake that, when all that new supply glutted the market, founded a lobbying group to try to drive up demand. At times, it seemed as though the rest of the industry was just trying to keep up.
McClendon was a complicated, controversial and flawed man. They nearly bankrupted Chesapeake more than once, and they left the company in 2013 under the cloud of financial scandal. Their death came the day after they were indicted on federal antitrust charges. But McClendon's life serves as a reminder that though we measure the economy in numbers — millions of jobs, billions in earnings, trillions in debt — one man can still change the world.
More from me
I broke the 12 Super Tuesday states into three groups based on their economic characteristics. Turns out, they lined up pretty well with voting patterns.
U.S. entrepreneurship is in trouble. On Thursday, I looked at new research that tries to explain what's wrong.
It's jobs day! Check out our coverage of the monthly employment numbers later this morning.
Elsewhere
Mark Thoma argues that the U.S. should be spending more on infrastructure “now, not later.”
Gillian White talks to Matthew Desmond, author of a new book on eviction and poverty in America. (More on the book from Edwin Rios in Mother Jones.)
Nina Sovich reports that middle schools are now teaching economics. Don't miss the kid who rents out their glue stick.
The Tax Policy Center estimates the effects of Hillary Clinton's tax plan. (But remember, no one can agree on how much these plans cost.)
Image copyright SPL Image caption The research is in collaboration with the University of Dundee and the Tayside Clinical Trials Unit
A major trial is set to start in Scotland aimed at preventing type-1 diabetes in children.
Researchers are preparing to contact all 6,400 families in the country affected by the condition.
Children who have a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes will be invited for a blood test to see if they are at high risk of developing the disease.
Those at risk will be offered a drug called metformin to see if it can hold off diabetes.
Metformin is already used to treat diabetes, but it is not clear if it might prevent it from developing in the first place.
If successful, the study could challenge long-established thinking on what lies behind type-1 diabetes.
Scotland has the third highest rate of type-1 diabetes in the world, and a good system of record to identify affected families.
Alternative theory
Type-1 diabetes develops when the body does not produce insulin. This is the hormone needed to control blood sugar levels.
Despite extensive research, there is no way of preventing the disease.
Most experts believe it is caused by a problem with the immune system - mistaking insulin-producing cells in the pancreas - called beta cells - as harmful, and attacking them.
This study, called the autoimmune diabetes Accelerator Prevention Trial (Adapt), tests an alternative theory developed by Prof Terence Wilkin, from the University of Exeter Medical School.
Rather than focusing on halting the immune system, Prof Wilkin says it could be better to work on protecting the beta cells.
They argue the key cause of damage is stress on the beta cells as they struggle to cope with demand for insulin.
It is possible that a modern environment accelerates the loss of beta cells by overworking and stressing them Prof Terence Wilkin, University of Exeter Medical School
Then, they say, in some people, the immune system kicks in, killing off more cells, accelerating the development of diabetes - what we know as type-1 diabetes.
They hope metformin will relieve the stress on the beta cells, so they can continue to make insulin.
Stressed cells
Prof Wilkin said: "It is possible that a modern environment accelerates the loss of beta cells by overworking and stressing them.
"As a consequence, this could be contributing to the rising incidence of type-1 diabetes, which is appearing in ever younger age groups.
"Adapt will use a medication to protect the beta cells from the stress, so that they survive longer."
The researchers say if it is successful, the trial will offer a cost-effective way of preventing type-1 diabetes that could be made available immediately to children at risk.
The trial has initial funding from the type-1 diabetes charity JDRF.
The study will start recruitment in Tayside and will then extend across Scotland before crossing into England.
Diabetes
There are two main types of diabetes:
type-1 - where the pancreas does not produce any insulin
type-2 - where the pancreas does not produce enough insulin - or the body's cells do not react to insulin
Type-1 diabetes can develop at any age, but usually appears before the age of 40, particularly in childhood.
About 10% of all diabetes is type-1, but it is the most common type of childhood diabetes, so it is sometimes called juvenile or early onset diabetes
In type-2 diabetes, the body either fails to produce enough insulin to function properly, or the body's cells do not react to insulin. About 90% of adults with diabetes have type-2, and it tends to develop later in life than type-1.
Source: NHS Choices
iWonder: How can I reduce my risk of diabetes?
The Gunners will open the bidding for the striker in January and a deal is expected to be struck for about £12million.
Zaha, 20, is a massive Gunners fan, and has told friends the Emirates is where they want to go. They made their England debut in November and is being chased by a host of clubs, with Manchester City prepared to offer around £15m, including £12m up front, and allow them to remain at Selhurst Park on loan for the rest of the season.
Manchester United and Liverpool also want the player rated as the most exciting young prospect in the country.
Palace is aware of Arsenal's intense interest. The club placed a £20m price tag on Zaha but that is believed to be a negotiable figure. Express Sport understands that initial informal talks have already been held.
It's time to admit that AB de Villiers should be a better bowler
brother nic Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 18, 2015
Because NOTHING beats an all-rounder!
Dear AB
I thoroughly enjoyed watching your momentous knock at Wanderers the other day as well as your Lays advert. The music video for your song Maak Jou Drome Waar is also just one of those things that brings joy into my life. Despite the fact that the second best batsman in the world is only half as good as you are, there is an elephant in the room that needs to be addressed.
We are desperate for an all-rounder and your unwillingness to fill that role is outright disheartening. You know as well as we do, that we really miss Jacques and as long as we're on the subject, we miss Big Brian McMillan too. All-rounders are just great. The best ones excel at both bowling and batting and sometimes even fielding with reckless nonchalance. All-rounders are lovable heroes that make you laugh and shout playfully at the television when they are in action. All-rounders are generally happy and fulfilled individuals and have great nicknames like Beefy and Freddy and Zulu. When an all-rounder is in full flight it makes us all agree that the world is a really great place. Does the name Sir Garfield Sobers mean anything to you? How about Kapil Dev? No, I didn't think so.
AB, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but if you want to consider being remembered as more than just a great batsman, you would be an all-rounder.
I bet your answer to this is that you are an all-rounder because you can keep wicket. Yes, your moonlighting as wicket-keeper is impressive. I, for one, was extremely happy to see you put on those gloves and jump around like an overenthusiastic teenager behind the wicket. But now that we have the perpetually-concerned Quinton de Kock in our team, we really don't need an extra wicket-keeper. We need an extra bowler. Have you ever tried setting the field with two wicket-keepers? The idea is just ridiculous.
We love you for all that you have done and will continue to do, but if you knew what we really needed, you would become a better bowler. It really can't be that difficult. I know for a fact that there are less talented people than you bowling at international level. I have even seen bowlers that breathe through their mouths!
You could bowl really fast if you wanted. You could bowl fast medium or medium pace. You could also bowl spin. The opportunities are endless — or at least as long as the above-mentioned list. Who am I to be prescriptive? We are desperate for an extra bowler and no one is going to be fussy over the kind of bowler you want to be.
Your wicket-keeping and your music videos are just two examples of the bouquet of talents that you have to offer the team. However, if you were really as talented as people say you are — you would be able to bowl.
You may be asking, “Why me? Why aren't you having a go at Hashim? They can't bowl either!” I've got a few questions for you:
- Did Hashim play flyhalf at Craven Week for the Blue Bulls?
- Was Hashim the South African u18 badminton champion?
- Is Hashim a scratch-handicap golfer?
- Can Hashim run almost as fast as Usain Bolt?
- Can they sing better than Heinz Winckler?
- Did they discover Mrs Ples in the Sterkfontein caves?
No, I didn't think so. But you and I both know that you did all of those things.
The facts are indisputable AB, we need an all-rounder, and you can do everything except bowl which makes me think that there might just be too much Faf-ing around in the nets.
I'm not making a big deal about this because we all think that you are the best and probably have your reasons. Or maybe you just haven't applied your mind to this conundrum quite as much as I have.
Good luck AB and please bring home the Cup!
Always
Nic Rosslee
Photo by Marcus Wallis on Unsplash
: ICICI Bank on Wednesday tied up with Railways' e-ticketing platform IRCTC to sell rail tickets through its website.India's largest private sector lender will soon introduce the facility to book rail tickets on its mobile banking application and prepaid digital wallet, it said in a statement.Users will have to first register on the website of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), where it primarily sells rail tickets, and then do a one-time registration on the bank's website to avail of the facility.The statement also said the facility is not limited to ICICI customers as any other bank's customer can also use the facility. The payments for the purchases can be made using the online banking facility, debit or credit card of any bank.In the past, IRCTC has tied up with websites, primarily those catering to the travel segment, to sell tickets and this is the first time any bank is offering the tickets for sale on its website, it said. Users can search for trains, book an e-ticket, cancel a reservation as well as check their PNR status among others. The website will display the latest information for services including train options and ticket availability by connecting directly with the reservation system of the Indian Railways on a real time basis.
Mike Phillips admits they are considering their future as an international player after helping the Lions to a 2-1 Test series win in Australia.
The 30-year-old scrum-half has one year remaining on their contract with Bayonne.
And in a column for the Mail on Sunday Phillips says clubs might not sign them if they are still playing for Wales.
"It may well be that if I want to play on at club level, I'll have to call time on my international career... in the not too distant future," they said.
Mike Phillips factfile Born: 29 August 1982 Wales debut: 2003 (v Romania) Caps: 77 Points: 40 (eight tries) Lions Tests: Five Current club: Bayonne Previous regions: Llanelli Scarlets, Cardiff Blues, Ospreys Did you know? The 6ft 3in Phillips played their early rugby as a flanker before switching to scrum-half
"It's something I'm going to think long and hard about and I've got some decisions to make in the next year."
Phillips made their fifth Lions Test appearance in the 41-16 win over Australia in Sydney, which clinched a first Test series victory for the Lions since 1997. They played in all three Tests on the Lions' last tour, of South Africa in 2009.
"If [Saturday's match] is to be the last game of international rugby that I play, then what a way to bow out.
"Added to that, Wales fought back to win the Six Nations last season. Who knows? I'm just glad it's the end of the season now and I can enjoy it."
Phillips has won 77 caps for Wales and was a key member of the teams which won the Six Nations Grand Slam in 2008 and 2012, and retained the championship in 2013.
They will have a scan on a knee injury on Monday and is likely to need a "small operation" to rectify a problem which hindered them throughout the tour.
The farmer's son from Bancyfelin in Carmarthenshire missed the second Test in Melbourne, with coach Warren Gatland saying the injury was a factor.
However, Phillips started the decisive third Test and played a key role in the build-up to Alex Corbisiero's second-minute try, before being substituted in the second half.
They said: "I won't be on the next Lions tour, but five caps and three wins? I'm happy with that."
Mastercard under fire for tracking customer credit card purchases to sell to advertisers
Credit card firm refuses to reveal 'proprietary' technique that allows it to anonymously track customers and target them with online ads
Pr ivacy campaigners accuse firm of ' treating details of our personal behaviour like their own property'
System tracks information about the date, time, amount and merchant
Credit card firm says system is only operational in US
Mastercard has come under fire for tracking its US customer's purchases and selling the data to advertisers.
The credit card company's MasterCard Advisors Media Solutions Group boasts it can target the most affluent customers and tell advertisers who are most likely to buy their products.
The firm does this by tracking a consumer's credit card details - although it says their identity remains secret.
Scroll down for video
Mastercard has admitted it tracks its customers transaction so that it can sell data to advertisers about their spending habits - but claims the system never reveals their personal details.
However, it refuses to reveal how the system works, and a privacy group today accused the firm of ' treating details of our personal behaviour like their own property.'
'The foundation of all of our solutions is transaction data,' Susan Grossman, senior vice president at MasterCard Advisors Media Solutions Group said in a presentation seen by MailOnline .
When a consumer swipes a credit card in a store, they say MasterCard's data-packaging division receives information about the date, time, amount and merchant.
The firm tracks billions of anonymous transactions from customers, which it then aggregates into small segments which comprise of similar transactions.
This allows the firm to sell details of these very specific 'segments' of data to advertisers.
'What if you could know the biggest week for spend and then reach those shoppers who are twice as likely to spend leading up to that week and then create campaigns?', the firm asks in an online presentation .
Called 'Leveraging MasterCard Data Insights to Reach Holiday Shoppers', the presentation is designed to attract advertisers.
However, the firm refuses to reveal how offline MasterCard purchases would follow you online to make you a target for specific ads.
In the presentation, Grossman called MasterCard's methods 'proprietary.'
The online presentation which reveals Mastercard's tracking of its customer's purchases to sell to advertisers.
But they say none of the data collected or sold includes personally identifiable information such as names or addresses.
MasterCard, which processes 34 billion transactions a year in 210 countries and territories, said it started the initiative in February.
Ms Grossman said protecting privacy was 'core' to MasterCard's values.
'We recognise that consumers entrust us with their information so it is of the utmost importance that we ensure no individual or personally identifiable information is used in our media solutions product,' they said.
Ms Grossman said the company's main clients for much of their history had been their issuing banks and for them MasterCard did a significant amount of statistical modelling and predictive modelling and found that those propensity models were application to companies other than banks, such as media.
Nick Pickles, director of privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch, said: 'If this data has value, then it should be up to Mastercard to ask customers for permission to use their information and offer consumers something in return.
'Instead they are treating details of our personal behaviour like their own property to be bundled up and sold on without any regard to what customers might want.
The slides reveal that Mastercard collects transaction from its customer to use to target advertisments at them
'Have Mastercard made any effort to seek customer's consent for processing their shopping habits and selling it on? How do consumers opt out? It's exactly this kind of behaviour that leads consumers to question whether companies are more interested in their own profit than respecting people's privacy.'
Mastercard today confirmed the scheme's existence.
A spokesperson for Mastercard said: 'MasterCard is committed to protecting individual privacy.
'No personally identifiable information is collected, disclosed or used in the analysis and development of any products or services.
'In creating MasterCard Audiences, MasterCard uses aggregated and anonymized transaction data.
'MasterCard's transaction data does not contain the cardholder's name or any other personal data.
'The service leverages anonymized and aggregated transaction data to provide clients with insight into trends around US consumer buying behavior based on custom audience segments or specified categories including Restaurant, Hotel, Travel, Retail, Financial Services, Automotive, Entertainment, and Telco/Cable.'
The firm also said the scheme was only running in the US.
In the presentation the firm boasts of having access to 1.8 billion payment cards for its data
VIDEO: MasterCard reveals the "anatomy of a transaction":
SANTA CRUZ >> As Kelly Keenan stood before Santa Cruz County Superior Court Judge Robert Atack on Sept. 26, the judge held the first legal document in California history — and only the second in U.S. history — with a third gender option checked. Atack officially had granted Keenan a gender change from female to “nonbinary.”
For the estimated 150,000 Americans who do not identify as either male or female, Keenan's legal gender change is seen as a civil rights victory.
“It's very hurtful to have your government and society say you don't exist,” Keenan said. “People deserve to pursue their civil right to an accurate gender designation.”
Keenan, 55, of Ben Lomond, identifies as intersex, a general term used for a variety of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that doesn't seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male.
Intersex is just one type of nonbinary. A nonbinary person is someone whose gender identity is neither man nor woman, is between or beyond genders, or is some combination of genders, according to the UC Berkeley Gender Equity Resource Center. Nonbinary people go by various labels such as “gender queer” or “gender fluid.”
Keenan realized they were different when they failed to hit puberty, yet continued to grow. At the time, their doctors and parents lied to them Instead of explaining they were born intersex, with a condition known as Swyer syndrome that prevents the body from producing sex hormones, they forced them to conform to life as a woman.
For the next 32 years, the 6-foot-3, “kind of butch androgynous” Keenan did their best to live a lie. Only when doctors at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation produced an accurate diagnosis in 2009 was the retired paralegal finally able to fully embrace their sexual identity.
It wasn't their only transformation. Keenan was profiled in this newspaper in 2014 when they lost 170 pounds and became an avid hiker.
When a Multnomah County Circuit Court judge legally changed Jamie Shupe's sex from “female” to nonbinary on June 10, making the 52-year-old Oregon resident the first legal nonbinary person in the nation, Keenan decided to file their own petition.
“Jaime was the first one brave enough to stand before a judge [at the state level] with no precedent and say I have a legal right to be recognized for what I am,” Keenan said. “They cleared the way for the rest of us.”
Shupe uses the collective pronoun “they” or “them” to identify themselves. Keenan, who has been married to their husband David since 1990, chose to retain female pronouns.
Before Shupe, Colorado resident and retired intersex Navy veteran Dana Zzyym applied for a U.S. passport, but was denied. Zzyym's case is ongoing.
Keenan, with the help of attorney Toby Adams and the Intersex and Genderqueer Recognition Project, decided to keep their court petition quiet and unpublicized.
“I thought it would be a long, slow legislative process,” Keenan said. “As it turned out, all I had to do was alter a court document — I just drew in a third box and checked it.”
Keenan's Sept. 26 petition was a test case for five other petitions that will be submitted in San Francisco, Alameda, Santa Clara and Sacramento counties over the next few weeks.
“We didn't want to put any undue pressure on the judge or turn it into a media circus,” Keenan said. “Of course, if it had failed, the next petitioners would have used publicity.”
Instead, Judge Atack approved Keenan's petition, but not before acknowledging they were creating “future problems” for both Keenan and the state of California.
And Keenan's work is just the beginning.  They are working to convince the California Department of Motor Vehicles to adopt a nonbinary designation and the state of New York's Bureau of Vital Statistics to change their birth certificate.
“Creating a legal nonbinary designation is just the government and society catching up to reality,” Keenan said. “To believe no blending ever occurs between male and female is like believing the flat earth theory.”
Keenan said they also will continue to work with the Intersex and Genderqueer Recognition Project to address the right of nonbinary adults in the United States to gender-self-identify on legal documents.
“I want more people who never felt like they fit in to jump in,” Keenan said. “The water's fine; it feels good.”
Editor's Note: This story was updated to correct an error.
Pioneer
LAS VEGAS--Pioneer unveiled the latest addition to its AVIC line of in-dash navigation solutions and its first Pandora Internet radio-enabled car stereo, the AVIC-X920BT, during its CES 2010 press conference.
Pioneer
One of the most notable changes to the AVIC's software is Pandora Link, which adds the ability to stream audio and display metadata from the Pandora Internet Radio app on a connected iPhone with a 3G connection. Users are also given access to album artwork and controls such as skip track, thumbs up and down, bookmarks, and station changes from the X920BT's touch-screen interface.
The X920BT bumps the AVIC-X chassis' screen size to 6.1 inches with a WXGA resolution and a new touch interface. Features such as voice recognition, Bluetooth hands-free calling/audio streaming, and USB connectivity for iPhone/iPod carry over from our current Editors' Choice titleholder, the flagship AVIC-Z110BT, as do an updated version of Pioneer's ECO routing and fuel cost monitoring function.
New to the AVIC-X series is compatibility with Pioneer's AVIC Feeds iPhone app for wireless transfer of POIs and routes via Bluetooth.
Pioneer
Finally, there's a new interface throughout that makes turn-by-turn navigation and search of music libraries easier. A feature called MusicSphere interfaces with an iTunes plug-in that analyzes music files and creates specialized mood-based playlists--for example, gloomy, bright, or energetic--and presents up to 40 of these playlists in an animated 3D sphere interface.
Pioneer claims this will provide quick access to the user's music, but we maintain that it's hard to beat an old-fashioned fast-scrolling list. We'll wait until we get a hands-on before we pass judgment.
The AVIC-X920BT will be available in 2010 with an expected suggested retail price of $1,200.
See which Premier League fixtures have been moved for live broadcast next month
The Premier League matches selected for live broadcast in the United Kingdom during April and early May 2017 have been announced.
For the full list of fixture amendments, starting with two TV picks on Saturday 1 April – the Merseyside derby at Anfield on Sky Sports and Southampton's home match against south-coast rivals AFC Bournemouth on BT Sport – see below.
Get the 2016/17 fixtures on your digital calendar
Fixture amendments
(all times are BST)
Saturday 1 April
12.30pm Liverpool v Everton (Sky Sports)
5.30pm Southampton v AFC Bournemouth (BT Sport)
Sunday 2 April
1.30pm Swansea City v Middlesbrough (Sky Sports)
4pm Arsenal v Manchester City (Sky Sports)
Tuesday 4 April
8pm Manchester United v Everton (BT Sport)
Wednesday 5 April
7.45pm Arsenal v West Ham United*
*Consequent to Arsenal v Manchester City moving to Sunday 2 April
7.45pm Hull City v Middlesbrough*
*Consequent to Swansea City v Middlesbrough moving to Sunday 2 April
7.45pm Swansea City v Tottenham Hotspur*
*Consequent to Swansea City v Middlesbrough moving to Sunday 2 April
8pm Chelsea v Manchester City (BT Sport)
Saturday 8 April
12.30pm Tottenham Hotspur v Watford (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to movement to Sunday 9 April should Arsenal or Leicester City play in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday 11 April.
5.30pm AFC Bournemouth v Chelsea (BT Sport)
Sunday 9 April
1.30pm Sunderland v Manchester United (Sky Sports)
4pm Everton v Leicester City (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Leicester City's possible participation in the Champions League on Tuesday 11 April.
Monday 10 April
8pm Crystal Palace v Arsenal (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Arsenal's possible participation in the Champions League quarter-finals
Saturday 15 April
12.30pm Tottenham Hotspur v AFC Bournemouth (Sky Sports)
5.30pm Southampton v Manchester City (BT Sport)
Sunday 16 April
1.30pm West Bromwich Albion v Liverpool (Sky Sports)
4pm Manchester United v Chelsea (Sky Sports)
Monday 17 April
8pm Middlesbrough v Arsenal (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Arsenal's possible participation in the Champions League quarter-finals
Saturday 22 April
12.30pm Manchester City v West Bromwich Albion (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Manchester City's possible participation in the FA Cup semi-finals
Sunday 23 April
12pm Leicester City v Tottenham Hotspur (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Tottenham Hotspur's possible participation in the FA Cup semi-finals
2.15pm Burnley v Manchester United (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Manchester United's possible participation in the FA Cup semi-finals
2.15pm Chelsea v Southampton (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Chelsea's possible participation in the FA Cup semi-finals
4.30pm Liverpool v Crystal Palace (Sky Sports)
Saturday 29 April
5.30pm Crystal Palace v Burnley (BT Sport)
Sunday 30 April
12pm Manchester United v Swansea City (BT Sport)
2.05pm Everton v Chelsea (Sky Sports)
4.30pm Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal (Sky Sports)*
*Subject to Arsenal's possible participation in the Champions League semi-finals
Monday 1 May
8pm Watford v Liverpool (Sky Sports)*
See: Broadcast schedules
It wouldn't be Computex without some KIRF Apple products. And what we have today isn't quite a MacBook Air. But it's amazingly close. The N2-A, as it's known in the OEM underground, is one of the most impressive MacBook Air lookalikes we've seen -- and one of the cheapest. $74,500 will net you 500 of these lovely 13.3-inch bundles of almost-Mac goodness, which comes out to just $149 apiece. The THD (Thread Technology Co.)-made clamshell comes complete with an LED-backlit 1366 x 768 LCD, 1.2 GHz ARM Cortex A8 processor, 1 gig of DDR3 RAM and 8 gigs of SSD storage. There's also built-in 802.11b/g/n WiFi (we're a bit devastated about the lack of 802.11ac), and the option to add a 3G dongle or Ethernet adapter via the pair of USB 2.0 ports. As you may have gathered from the image, there's a full-size QWERTY keyboard and a familiar, yet incredibly mediocre trackpad, along with a 2-cell 4200 mAh battery (rated to 8 hours), an SD card slot, a not-so-MagSafe 110-240-volt AC adapter, a headphone out, mic in and an HDMI port.
In typical MacBook Air fashion, the N2-A is very thin and quite light (1.55 kilograms or 3.4 pounds) -- it's not as svelte as a top-of-the-line ICS tablet, but it's manageable for sure. While it may look perfectly fine on camera, the device's build quality certainly isn't up to Apple's standards -- but then again, it doesn't cost $1,000+. After a few busy trade show days, the trackpad was noticeably scratched up, with plenty of other blemishes around the silver case to boot, along with some warping here and there. The N2-A wasn't hideous by any stretch, even upon close inspection, but any Apple newbie would be able to recognize that this didn't come out of Cupertino, even before noticing the missing Apple logo and the added Windows key (it's there to support the nearly identical N2-C, which adds a dual-core Atom processor and Windows 7 support).
ICS felt quite snappy, though without a touchscreen you're forced to use the unimpressive trackpad, which wasn't responsive enough for regular use. (You can always sacrifice portability and use a USB mouse instead.) Overall, the N2-A is a pretty slick device -- not to mention quite a bit of fun. Don't expect to see this KIRF in any stores in the US -- you'll need to order 500 units or more directly from THD to take advantage of that $149 price tag, though we may see the Android laptop make its way to the public through third-party channels, perhaps with a retail price of about $200. For now, you can take a closer look in our meaty gallery below, or in the hands-on video after the break.
Dear Joe,
You're sitting in the green room in Toronto, surrounded by extremely talented guys like Kevin Garnett, Rasheed Wallace and Jerry Stackhouse. But this is your night. You are about to be picked No. 1 overall in the 1995 NBA Draft.
This may not come as much of a surprise to you. After all, you were the College Player of the Year at Maryland, and there are no easy games in the ACC. Ever since that third game of your first-year student season against Georgetown, when it felt like all of DC and Maryland was watching you play, you've been in the spotlight. Of course the Warriors want to take you with the top pick.
But before you get too excited, I have a few things to share with you.
You'll soon realize that your idea of success in the NBA is going to change a lot throughout what will be a 16-year career. That's a long time, but I can tell you now that the road isn't always going to be smooth.
That brings me to my next point: Get some nice luggage, Joe. You're going to be moving a lot.
There will be plenty of stops during your career, but you'll probably be remembered most for your time in Minnesota. On the Timberwolves, Kevin Garnett will have already established themselves as the go-to guy, so the plays won't be working through you anymore. You won't be the star, but your time with the Wolves will turn out to be the best experience of your career. On most NBA teams, you have maybe one or two guys that you hang out with. But in Minnesota you will all be a pretty tight group, which is rare to see in the league. Guys like KG, Anthony Peeler, Gary Trent, and Malik Sealy — these will be some of your best friends, on and off the court.
You're going to face your most trying obstacle in Minnesota, too. Being forced to leave that team because of a contract situation is going to be embarrassing, especially when your name is getting dragged through the mud about something that you had nothing to do with. But you have to keep your head up and understand that the NBA is a business. Everyone is here to make money, and you better believe that the teams and agents will put themselves ahead of you. Take it day-by-day, be patient and be persistent. You're going to get through it.
You'll be lucky to have those teammates who will always have your back, but you'll also benefit from being blessed with a very supportive family.
Oh, and by the way, don't be surprised if Mom decides to be your roommate during your rookie year. You'll have trouble living that down for a long, long time. Even though they might give you a curfew, it'll be worth it because she'll make sure everything is in order. This is an age that can be make-or-break for your career, and you won't realize until later how much she'll help you through it.
There will be a lot of people pretending to be family who just want some handouts. They'll say they know you, but that doesn't mean they're your friend. Be careful with your finances, because not everyone is going to have your best interests at heart. Keep a close eye on those who surround you only after you have money.
Like I said earlier, try not to get too comfortable in any one place. Besides the Wolves, you're going to play for 11 other NBA teams, and people might think of you as that guy who always gets traded. Don't be discouraged by that. Embrace it. You're an asset.
You might feel like the strongest man alive right now, but 82 games is a lot. A lot. In order to have a long career in this league, you're going to need to learn how to preserve and maximize your strength. Fortunately, you're going to be surrounded by some really savvy vets early in your career — Latrell Sprewell, Tim Hardaway and Chris Mullin among them. Make sure you keep an eye on how they take care of themselves. These are guys who understand their bodies. They know when to go hard and when to rest. Take good notes.
Sitting in the green room right now, you've got high expectations for yourself. Unfortunately, you won't be the All-Star that you think you're destined to become. But that doesn't mean you can't have a great career. You're going to find out what it means to grind in order to achieve your dreams. Being a role player means showing up early and working your ass off at practice every single day. It means adapting your game to your team's needs and finding the best ways to be effective. It means always earning your spot.
After you retire and have some time to reflect, you're going to be incredibly proud of what you've accomplished. If you stay professional and humble throughout all the trades, contract disputes and disappointments, you'll survive 16 years in the NBA. That's pretty damn impressive.
Now put on a smile, Joe. You look fly in that suit!
-Joe
TUSCALOOSA, Alabama -- A proposed amendment to the Alabama Republican Steering Committee bylaws looks to remove the heads of minority, women and young conservative organizations from the party's steering committee and replace them with representatives handpicked by the State Executive Committee.
The chairpersons or presidents of the Young Republican Federation of Alabama and College Republican Federation of Alabama are currently granted seats on the steering committee automatically, due to being democratically elected leaders of their organizations.
The proposed amendment, submitted by Cleburne County Executive Committee member Heath Jones, would require that the steering committee seats be given to representatives of the group elected by the party's State Executive Committee.
Jones also wants the SEC to elect a representative from the Alabama Federation of Republican Women and the Alabama Minority GOP, rather than granting a seat to the already elected chairperson or president.
"This gives the SEC oversight over who will be casting votes to determine the future of the SEC," Jones told the Alabama Political Reporter Wednesday. "While it is important that we preserve these organizations' representation on the Steering Committee, it is also important that the representative also reflects the wishes of the State Executive Committee of the Alabama Republican Party.”
For Stephanie Petelos, the chair of the College Republican Federation of Alabama and University of Alabama student, this is the second bylaw amendment threatening to remove them from their seat at the Steering Committee table.
Last week, two party members submitted an amendment that would remove anyone publicly advocating a position contrary to the platform adopted at the Republican National Convention.
Petelos believes this is in direct retaliation for comments they made to AL.com in June regarding same-sex marriage, after which party leadership tried to remove them from their position.
Last week, Don Wallace and Bonnie Sachs, wife of ALGOP chif of staff Harold Sachs, submitted the amendment which would remove them from the steering committee.
While they initially declined to comment at length on the situation due to an agreement they had with party leadership -- in which they wouldn't speak out on the issue if they'd drop the subject -- they changed their mind this week.
Petelos said party Chairman Bill Armistead asked to meet with them this week but negotiations soured.
"This is a lot bigger issue than just trying to silence me," Petelos said. "Threatening to silence any opinions and stifle debate within the party ... this is a democratic process, and the whole point is to engage each other and come to a compromise in our opinions. Sometimes the compromises are better and more effective than the other two solutions in the beginning."
That's according to a government survey published last week, claiming that 42% of men and 44.2% of women -- almost half of Japan's millennial singles aged between 18 to 34 -- are virgins.
While some prefer it that way, others would like their fortunes to change, with 85.7% of men and 89.3% of women harboring hopes of marriage in the future. The survey did not look at same-sex partners.
Japan's lack of interest in sex is blamed on everything from a stagnant economy to Japanese manga fans favoring fantasy over reality.
Changing social norms
The latest government survey found that 42 % of men aged between 18 to 34 were still virgins.
Japan has one of the world's lowest birthrates and is home to a severely aging population, with a recent survey finding 34.6 million Japanese aged over 65.
But despite, the government's attempts to boost the number of marriages and children, this year's survey results from the National Institute of Population and Social Security Research, don't reveal a swerve in the right direction.
Nancy Snow, a professor of public diplomacy from the Kyoto University of Foreign Studies, told CNN that changing social and economic norms contributed to the decrease in relationships between men and women.
"Men are making about a third to half of what they used to make during Japan's economic boom years in the 1980s. Some men's sense of self is tied to their salary and they feel threatened by women who are empowering themselves," said Snow.
They explained that the income decrease made men in Japan feel less confident in attracting Japan's increasingly successful class of women, who have become used to earning their own money and putting themselves first.
"While men are going from a cradle to grave trajectory, there are a lot of professional women with disposable incomes, who think that marriage might not just be worth it," said Snow.
'Solving the virgin problem'
Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins A nude sketching class in Tokyo aims to help Japan's middle-aged virgins by allowing them to spend time with a real female body. Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins A Japanese government survey in 2010 found that one in four Japanese men in their thirties who've never been married are virgins. The figures were only slightly less for women. Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins A flyer for the nude art class. Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins The classes are offered bimonthly in Tokyo by the non-profit White Hands. Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins White Hands offers a course and textbook on how to graduate from virginity. Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos: Inspiring Japan's middle-aged virgins Sexual apathy is extremely troubling for Japan, which has the world's most rapidly aging population and is where citizens are not producing enough children to sustain a healthy economy in the coming years. Hide Caption 6 of 6
There are support groups for men who want to overcome their anxiety of approaching women.
White Hands, a Tokyo-based non-profit offers regular nude art classes, where mostly middle-aged men sketch naked female models. The classes, complete with textbooks, also try to help people feel more comfortable with their sexuality.
Class organizer Shingo Sakatsume, who calls themselves a "sex helper," understands how growing interest in the fantasy world of anime is leading single men to choose entertainment over real love and sex.
"By solving the virgin problem, I think we can solve many other problems related to sex," Sakatsume, told CNN in 2015.
JUST WATCHED Japan's virtual high school Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan's virtual high school 02:43
Snow asserted that such nude art classes could potentially be more helpful if there were also women on hand to draw naked male models.
"Here's an opportunity to bring men and women together -- they could have wine to break the ice and communicate more," said Snow. "To just make it men looking at a female model perpetuates the problem."
Is 35 the new 25?
Though the Japanese population is aging at a breakneck speed, Snow said that the latest survey only looked at young people as data sets and didn't take into account their specific stories or circumstances.
"If you're living until you're 90, then putting off having a dating partner till your thirties until you've found yourself might seem rational -- there's a lot more self-exploration going on," said Snow.
Amanda Who-nes?
Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) color commentator Joe Rogan, like a majority of hardcore mixed martial arts (MMA) fans, will be tuning in for the upcoming UFC 207 pay-per-view (PPV) event on Dec. 30, 2016, inside T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
That's because former women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey (12-1), still considered to the the biggest name in UFC (sorry, Conor), will make their first appearance since Holly Holm stiffened them at UFC 193 in Australia.
Naturally, you can't have a cage fight without an opponent, but the promotion can't be bothered with Brazilian champion Amanda Nunes (13-4) because this is show business and “Rowdy” moves the proverbial needle.
Much to the chagrin of purists like Rogan.
“I find it extremely bizarre that all these UFC 207 promos only focus on Ronda and very little about the champion,” Rogan wrote on Twitter. “Ronda deserved every bit of hype they got, but Holly KO'ed her, Miesha choked out Holly, and Amanda smashed Miesha. That should be respected.”
Respect? As if!
Nunes was already ranked in the top five of the division when Rousey entered the Octagon to fight Holm in late 2015; however, “Lioness” -- along with the rest of the bantamweights — were treated like props in the shadow of the Olympian.
But you meet the same people on the way down who you met on the way up.
The soft-spoken Brazilian went on a four-fight tear, which included three violent finishes, and usurped the throne from “Cupcake” Tate earlier this summer. Since then, we haven't really heard much from UFC in terms of promotion.
Bizarre ... or business as usual?
Senior North Korean official Ri Yong Pil warned the U.S. to take Pyongyang's threat of setting off a hydrogen bomb "literally," telling CNN the country "has always brought its words into action."
"The foreign minister is very well aware of the intentions of our supreme leader, so I think you should take their words literally," Ri told the network, referring to North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho's threat last month to drop a hydrogen bomb in the Pacific.
The foreign minister's threat was made in response to President Trump's debut speech on the floor of the United Nations, in which they threatened to "totally destroy" North Korea.
The comments come amid increasing tensions between Washington and Pyongyang.
ADVERTISEMENT
North Korea has conducted a slew of intercontinental ballistic missile tests, putting the international community on alert, as well as causing Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to ratchet up their own rhetoric.
While Trump has taken to referring to Kim as "Rocket Man" or "Little Rocket Man," Kim has called Trump "a mentally deranged dotard."
A North Korean state-run newspaper referred to Trump as a "lunatic" with "war fever" in an article on Monday.
“Dignitaries of White House, and State and Defense Departments of the U.S. are having a hard time cooling Trump, who is overheated with a war fever,” the article from The Pyongyang Times read, as reported by Newsweek.
“Lunatic Trump is running headlong into ruin, taking America with him, and the poor puppet forces are following him, at the peril of their lives,” the article continued.
Trump is set to embark on their first trip to Asia since taking office next week.
The White House has downplayed the possibility that they would make a visit to the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), which separates North and South Korea, but said a final decision had yet to be made and that “security is not a concern.”
Vice President Pence visited the DMZ earlier this year.
TORONTO — Ontario's Liberal government has nixed the idea of using legislation to ban chiefs of staff and other behind-the-scenes political decision makers from attending fundraisers, as they prepare to prohibit politicians from doing the same.
The Liberals have released a list of amendments they are proposing to an election finance reform bill, which they introduced amid criticism over fundraising events that saw cabinet ministers attend private, high-priced functions with stakeholders.
Under the amendments, any members of provincial parliament, party leaders, nomination contestants, candidates and leadership contestants would not be able to attend fundraisers.
They still could attend events where the ticket price only recovers the cost of the hosting it, and could still solicit funds by mail, phone or email.
To offset the impact on constituency associations, the Liberals are proposing subsidies of $25,000 per year, divided among the parties in each riding.
Last month, Attorney General Yasir Naqvi said they had not ruled out extending the proposed fundraiser ban to senior political staff, but there is no language to that effect in the new amendments.
The Opposition has said that amounts to a loophole that allows through the back door what is banned through the front door. The government says it will develop a code of conduct to “set out fair, balanced rules for all elected officials and staff” by Jan. 1.
