Shanghai students are ranked the best in the world, according to an OECD assessment. So why are they so much better than their peers?
It appears that no one takes education quite as seriously as the Shanghainese.
Every three years, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) administers its worldwide Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) to measure how well a nation's education system has been preparing its students for the global knowledge economy. Nations such as South Korea, Finland, and Singapore have traditionally topped the rankings, but, apparently, even they are no match for Shanghai, which shoved the others into lower positions in its very first year of participation in the programme, in 2009.
When I was in Paris last week, I decided to drop in on Andreas Schleicher, the programme's architect, to get their views on PISA and Shanghai's education system. Dr. Schleicher, who was recently profiled in the Atlantic Monthly, had some very interesting things to say about both.
According to Schleicher, Shanghai's education system is distinctive and superior—and not just globally, but also nationally. Hong Kong, Beijing, and ten Chinese provinces participated in the 2009 PISA, but their results reflected education systems that were still the same-old knowledge acquisition models, whereas Shanghai had progressed to equipping students with the ability to interpret and extrapolate information from text and apply it to real world situations—what we would normally refer to as ‘creativity.' Twenty-six percent of Shanghai 15 year-olds could demonstrate advanced problem-solving skills, whereas the OECD average is 3 percent.
So how did Shanghai create the world's best education system?
First, the Shanghai municipal government believes that the most effective way to raise the human capital it needs for the global knowledge economy is by focusing on raising the overall quality of its education system rather than investing in elite schools. ‘Students of privilege will do well wherever they are, and more resources directed at them won't improve them that much,' Schleicher explained. ‘But more attention and investment will greatly improve disadvantaged students.'
Lacking adequate capital, Shanghai decided to rely on the expertise of its best principals and teachers to reform its failing schools. The Shanghai government promised career advancement opportunities and autonomy if educators could turn around such schools, and this policy has been stunningly successful. According to Schleicher, 70 percent of Shanghai students are ‘resilient,' meaning that they have stronger math, reading, and science skills than their socio-economic background would suggest.
‘There's real interest and engagement between teachers and students,' Schleicher said. ‘Every Shanghai classroom has high demands yet offers extensive support.' There's an expectation and a demand that every student can succeed, and teachers regularly collaborate to improve student performance.
According to Schleicher, what's truly impressive about Shanghai schools is how they focus on collaborative and creative learning. Instead of force-feeding knowledge and information to students, teachers motivate them to learn for themselves, and the curriculum emphasizes student-centred learning. For example, in one math class visited by Schleicher, the teacher threw out a complex problem that provoked classroom discussion as to how to best arrive at a possible solution.
Schleicher is quite upbeat about Shanghai's global economic prospects. Today, the United States may be the leader in creativity and innovation, but that's because it made university education universally available 40 years ago, Schleicher argued. Now that the United States is failing to invest properly in public education, its prospects are dim. Shanghai is in the reverse position. PISA reveals that Shanghai is creating for itself a skilled workforce, and that's a ‘significant advantage,' they told me.
Now might seem a good time to make my usual round of snide and sarcastic comments, but I actually agree with Schleicher about Shanghai's economic prospects. Each time I visit Shanghai, I'm amazed by—especially compared with Beijing—how well-managed and orderly the city is, and by how industrious and honest the people are. Chinese like to joke that Shanghai is closer to the shores of Europe than it is to China, and Shanghai schools have set themselves apart from the rest of the country.
Shanghai has the world's best education system because Shanghainese, more than anyone else in China, take education seriously—perhaps way too seriously. The Shanghai municipal government will invest 22.4 billion yuan annually on its schools, whereas the Chinese national government will invest 299.2 billion yuan for all of China. And then there's the individual parental investment: During a child's elementary school years, Shanghai parents will annually spend on average of 6,000 yuan on English and math tutors and 9,600 yuan on weekend activities, such as tennis and piano. During the high school years, annual tutoring costs shoot up to 30,000 yuan and the cost of activities doubles to 19,200 yuan.
This early investment is to prepare Shanghai students for study at US colleges and universities. In 2005, 110,000 Shanghai students participated in the national college entrance examination (the gaokao). By 2010, as more and more Shanghainese chose the United States for college, that number dwindled down to 67,000. This year, only 61,000 Shanghainese participated in the gaokao. (By comparison, in Yunnan Province, where most families cannot afford to study overseas, students participating in the gaokao increased from 170,000 in 2005 to 220,000 in 2010.) Shanghai parents are giving their children the best of both education worlds: a Shanghai kindergarten to grade 12 education and a US higher education.
And most Shanghainese students who've studied abroad will return to Shanghai. After all, Shanghai is the financial capital of the world's second largest economy. But, more important, Shanghai is adopting Western standards and practices throughout its society and economy so that its overseas-returned students can put their new knowledge and experience to effective use immediately.
The Shanghainese obsession with education has guaranteed their bright city a brighter future. Shanghai is well-positioned to dominate globally as an innovation and knowledge economy, Schleicher told me.
Now, if Shanghainese could just care a little more about the quality of their food…
Their Zero Gravity Corporation lets the public experience weightlessness during parabolic flight, and their company Space Adventures has taken four tourists to the International Space Station. But space entrepreneur Peter Diamandis may be best known as the Chairman and CEO of the X PRIZE Foundation, which in 2004 awarded the $10 million Ansari X PRIZE to aviation icon Burt Rutan, whose SpaceShipOne was the first private, manned spacecraft to reach suborbital space twice within two weeks.
Diamandis is on a mission to open space for all humanity, and they embrace the risk inherent to such an undertaking. "A true breakthrough requires tremendous levels of risk," says Diamandis. "It's really in the entrepreneurial sector that people are willing to risk their lives, risk their fortunes, their reputations, to do something they fundamentally believe they can do."
Diamandis is now developing X PRIZES in a variety of fields, including education and medicine.
Produced and interviewed by Ted Balaker; filmed by Hawk Jensen and Alex Manning; edited by Jensen and Paul Detrick.
Approximately 10 minutes long.
Scroll down for downloadable iPod, HD, and audio versions.
Subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube page and receive automatic notification when new material goes live.
Several major UK ISPs began blocking requests for The Pirate Bay this week, thanks to a court order coming into effect. The Pirate Bay reports that it saw an extra 12 million visitors on the first day of the block, and is pleased by all the publicity. They offer the following tips for anyone looking to circumvent a national Pirate Bay block. From TorrentFreak:
“Another thing that's good with the traffic surge is that we now have time to teach even more people how to circumvent Internet censorship,” the insider added...
First off they advise that the most simple solution is to use a VPN, such as iPredator or other similar services that carry no logs.
These VPN providers cost money but there are free solutions too. Companies such as VPNReactor offer a free service that is time limited to around 30 mins per session, but that's plenty of time for users to get on Pirate Bay and download the torrent files they need. Once users have the torrents in their client, the blocking has been bypassed and even with the VPN turned off, downloads will still complete.
Pirate Bay are also recommending the use of TOR but only for the initial accessing of their website and the downloading of the .torrent files. Torrent clients themselves should never be run over TOR, the system isn't designed for it and besides, transfers will be pitifully slow. TPB also point to I2P as a further unblocking option.
While the above options will cut straight through any kind of blocking with zero problems, Pirate Bay are also advising people to change their DNS provider. By permanently switching to a DNS offered by the likes of OpenDNS and Google, users of UK ISPs that censor The Pirate Bay purely by DNS will have a free and effective work around.
HBO's Bill Maher on Friday asked Faith and Freedom Coalition chairperson Ralph Reed how evangelicals could support President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE when, in the host's view, "he does seem like the least Christian man ever.”
“Why do you think Trump's support among the evangelicals is so solid?" Maher asked on "Real Time." "Because they do seem like the least Christian man ever.”
Trump won white evangelical voters with a huge margin in the 2016 election, according to exit polls. Their support among the subset of Protestants has remained consistent since their election, although there is dissension among self-identified evangelical leaders.
"Trump, giant liar, Satan, father of lies," Maher said, making the comparison between Trump and Satan. "What about the thing that Jesus was sort of not really fond of egomaniacs, or rich people? Isn't Donald Trump a rich egomaniac, who — you know, everything is about money and doing well and winners and losers?"
ADVERTISEMENT
Reed, the head of the president's religious advisory board, defended the president for keeping promises on religious issues, including successfully nominating Neil Gorsuch, a staunch conservative, to the Supreme Court.
“Every time they told me they were gonna do something, they did it. Their word was their bond," Reed said. "And let me give one example: They ran for president, and they released a list of 21 potential nominees to the Supreme Court. They were the first nominee of either party to do that."
"He said, 'If you vote for me, I won't choose someone like these 21, I will choose one of these 21."
“You can't deny he's a giant liar," the host, an avowed atheist, said. "It just does not seem Christlike, Ralph.”
Pew Research showed that the thrice-married Trump captured 81 percent of the Evangelical vote in the 2016 election against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE. The Faith and Freedom Coalition, an influential non-profit, has long supported Trump.
2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney won 78 percent of Evangelical support, while 2008 nominee John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE delivered 74 percent of their vote.
Viking ship replica needs funding to get to Chicago
hello
The crew of the Viking ship Draken Harald Hårfagre look out over Bay City, Michigan where the ship is currently stopped due to financial difficulties. Courtesy of Draken Expedition/Peder Jacobsson
They've come from the land of the ice and snow, but for you to see them this summer they're going to need your dough.
The Draken Harald Hårfagre from Norway, a newly built replica of the Viking ship era, was expected to be a part of Chicago's Tall Ships exhibition July 27-31 at Navy Pier.
But entering U.S. waters from Canadian waters last week, the crew ran into an unforeseen regulatory issue that's threatening the rest of their scheduled stops throughout the Great Lakes.
Unlike in Canada, the dragon-headed ship built to mimic the Viking seafaring technology of 1,000 years ago is considered a commercial vessel by U.S. standards.
The ship has a captain, but U.S. regulations require it to have a navigational pilot as well -- an unanticipated expense that adds an estimated $430,000 to its travel budget.
Until it does, the ship is stuck in Bay City, Michigan -- its first port of call after the problem arose.
Volunteers from throughout the Chicago area's Scandinavian community have been preparing a reception for the crew of 33 on their anticipated arrival. The reception is meant to raise money to pay for the crew's accommodations in Chicago.
Now, however, that fundraiser is twinned with a Minneapolis-based Sons of Norway foundation to raise money for the Draken's pilot fees.
As quickly as Friday afternoon, $25,481 of the $430,000 goal had been pledged.
"We definitely need help on this, but it's moving in the right direction," said Mette Bowen, a Norwegian native and Lake Forest resident who has led the organizing of the July 27 reception at Navy Pier.
The Viking ship Draken Harald Hårfagre is docked during one if its many stops along its journey to Chicago. The ship is currently stopped in Bay City, Michigan and the organization has begun trying to raise the $400,000 it needs for pilot fees to make it to Chicago's Tall Ships exhibition on July 27. - Courtesy of Draken Expedition/Peder Jacobsson
"Sons of Norway and the Draken have an agreement. As long as the money keeps coming in, the Draken will keep moving forward."
The donation website for the Sons of Norway's efforts is at sonsofnorway.com/draken.
As for their own local efforts to organize the reception, Bowen said they don't know exactly when a final decision will be made on whether the ship -- whose name means Dragon Harald Fairhair in English, after the first king of Norway -- will sail to Chicago.
But Sarah Blank, the spokesperson for the ship, believes it can't be any later than Monday when the Draken must leave Bay City -- in one direction or the other.
"We have this wonderful initiative from Sons of Norway," Blank said. "But we have to have a decision made by Monday, otherwise we won't make it to Chicago anyway."
The estimated pilot fee for the ship's journey is based on the average rate of $400 per hour for a pilot's services.
The U.S. Coast Guard said it doesn't have the authority to waive the pilot requirement and only an act of Congress could do so.
Bowen said the decision was quickly made not to challenge the regulation or the pilots' union but to try to raise the money required.
The Draken's scheduled visit to Chicago is also hoped to raise awareness and money for the restoration and permanent display of an authentic Viking ship replica now stored in West suburban Geneva that was sailed to Chicago from Norway for The World's Columbian Exposition in 1893.
That ship, named The Viking, was built according to the same dimensions as an authentic 1,000-year-old ship discovered in a king's burial mound on a Norwegian farm, said Dave Nordin of Naperville, a member of the Friends of the Viking Ship nonprofit group.
The crew at work on the Viking ship Draken Harald Hårfagre. - Courtesy of Draken Expedition/Peder Jacobsson
The Viking is 78 feet long and 17 feet wide. The Draken, at 115 feet long and 26 feet wide, is not based on the dimensions of any historical ship but was constructed according to the very same building techniques, Nordin said.
In fact, the master builder of the Draken, Gunnar Eldjarn, has visited The Viking at its current resting place at Good Templar Park in Geneva to consult on the restoration, Nordin said.
"He knows this ship intimately," they said of Eldjarn.
In fact, Eldjarn is scheduled to be a guest at the Navy Pier reception from approximately 6 to 8 p.m. July 27. It's the only stop on the Draken's scheduled North American tour that he's planned to be at.
Today, the threat of nuclear weapons has once again changed completely.
The primary threats now come from international terrorists, Iran, and North Korea -- as Sen. Kyl pointed out in their final Senate-floor speech against ratification.
"The real issue is not between Russia and the U.S., it's dealing with these other threats," Kyl said. "So I suggest that we move away from distractions of agreements like this."
Why then, in an era of terrorism and rogue states, should the U.S. define its nuclear policies in the context of Russia? Why curtail America's arsenal based on limits that Russia, our old nuclear foe, will agree to? Russia's arsenal stands at 500 missiles, according to Russian diplomats who negotiated the treaty, while the U.S. arsenal stands at 1,100. In theory, the U.S. has more to lose.
For the treaty's advocates, however, it's not about Russian nukes either.
To its supporters, New START means a strategic partnership with Russia that will mitigate the risk of other nukes--the same ones, in fact, about which Kyl is concerned--and generate momentum (or preserve the image of momentum) toward international consensus on nonproliferation and disarmament.
While Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has pointed to expired inspections (since the first START expired in December 2009, America has not been inspecting Russia's arsenal during the past year) as a source of urgency, a broader goal seems to be strengthening the U.S.-Russia relationship, with an eye toward cooperation on pressuring Iran.
A senior administration official made the case, after a NATO meeting this year, that after trying to "reset" U.S.-Russia relations (they'd soured dramatically as the conflict in Georgia unfolded during the latter Bush days) President Obama needed to be able to show Medvedev he's capable of holding up their end of the bargain.
The upshot of the improved U.S.-Russia relationship, the administration openly hopes, will have something to do with Obama's signature international policy concern: global nuclear nonproliferation.
Russia has cooperated with sanctions on Iran--a major coup for Obama and Clinton, given that Russia has previously aided Iran in developing its nuclear program. Failing to ratify this treaty, some have argued, would endanger that agreement, heighten the risk of Iranian nukes, and damage the chances of building an international nonproliferation regime.
Republican Sen. Richard Lugar, the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee and one of the treaty's leading proponents, had argued that "failure to renew START will be seen worldwide as weakening the international nuclear nonproliferation regime and a further sign to many foreign leaders and experts that U.S. nonproliferation policy is adrift."
It seems anachronistic to watch senators debate an arms-control treaty with Russia, and to have such a Cold-War-era issue take center stage in national politics.
It makes more sense, though, when taken as a proxy debate for how to confront the threats of the present decade: Obama's preferred method of coalition-building, which involves some sacrifice and compromises with strategic partners, vs. the more hawkish idea of beefing up American arsenals as a deterrent against those newer threats.
Thumbnail image credit: Mika V. Stetsovski/Flickr
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Enjoy a glass of wine with dinner or a nightcap before bed, but don't count on their heart benefits.
A new study by UC San Francisco researchers found that even moderate alcohol consumption may change the structure of the heart in ways that increase the risk of atrial fibrillation.
“There's growing evidence that moderate alcohol intake may be a risk factor for atrial fibrillation, the most common heart rhythm disturbance in the world, but the mechanism by which alcohol may lead to atrial fibrillation is unknown,” said Gregory Marcus, MD, endowed professor of atrial fibrillation research at UCSF and senior author of the study published Sept. 14, 2016, in the Journal of the American Heart Association.
Possible Pathway Between Alcohol and Atrial Fibrillation
Gregory Marcus, MD
Marcus and colleagues looked at damage to the left atrium of the heart as a possible pathway between alcohol and atrial fibrillation. Atrial fibrillation is a known risk factor for stroke. The irregular pumping of blood can lead to blood clots, which may travel to the brain and cause stroke.
The researchers evaluated data from more than 5,000 adults collected over several years in the Framingham Heart Study, including echocardiograms, medical history and self-reported alcohol intake. The study participants, mostly white and in their 40s to 60s, reported on average just over one drink per day. The overall rate of atrial fibrillation in the group was 8.4 cases per 1,000 people per year – meaning over a 10-year period, eight out of 100 people were likely to develop atrial fibrillation.
Every additional drink per day was associated with a 5 percent increase in the yearly risk. Every additional drink per day also was associated with a statistically significant 0.16 millimeter enlargement of the left atrium, highlighting a possible site of physical damage caused by drinking.
Complex Relationship Between Alcohol and Heart Health
The new findings shed light on the complex relationship between alcohol and heart health – one that likely precludes blanket advice on drinking habits, said Marcus.
Research has shown that moderate drinking can reduce the risk of heart attack while increasing the risk of atrial fibrillation. Marcus's team captured this conundrum in a study published earlier this year looking at hospital admissions in dry and wet counties of Texas. They found that patients in counties permitting alcohol sales were more likely to have atrial fibrillation but less likely to have heart attacks and congestive heart failure.
Alcohol's abilities to protect and harm the heart likely operate through different mechanisms and vary from person to person, said Marcus. The work in their group seeks to decipher these mechanisms, which will inform therapies for heart conditions and may ultimately enable physicians to give personalized advice to patients.
“I'm constantly trying to remind people that there are various forms of heart disease and not all are related to heart attack,” said Marcus, who is also a practicing cardiologist. “Atrial fibrillation is growing in importance as our success in preventing heart attack grows.”
They added that one pattern, revealed by UCSF's Health eHeart Study, is clear – people who believe alcohol is good for the heart tend to drink more.
Legal Papers Claim Initiative Procedure Cannot Be Used To Undermine the Constitution's Core Commitment To Equality For Everyone
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT: media@aclu.org
SAN FRANCISCO – The American Civil Liberties Union, Lambda Legal and the National Center for Lesbian Rights filed a writ petition before the California Supreme Court today urging the court to invalidate Proposition 8 if it passes. The petition charges that Proposition 8 is invalid because the initiative process was improperly used in an attempt to undo the constitution's core commitment to equality for everyone by eliminating a fundamental right from just one group – lesbian and gay Californians. Proposition 8 also improperly attempts to prevent the courts from exercising their essential constitutional role of protecting the equal protection rights of minorities. According to the California Constitution, such radical changes to the organizing principles of state government cannot be made by simple majority vote through the initiative process, but instead must, at a minimum, go through the state legislature first.
The California Constitution itself sets out two ways to alter the document that sets the most basic rules about how state government works. Proposition 8 was put on the ballot through the initiative process. But any measure that would change the underlying principles of the constitution must first be approved by the legislature before being submitted to the voters. That didn't happen with Proposition 8, and that's why it's invalid.
"If the voters approved an initiative that took the right to free speech away from women, but not from men, everyone would agree that such a measure conflicts with the basic ideals of equality enshrined in our constitution. Proposition 8 suffers from the same flaw – it removes a protected constitutional right – here, the right to marry – not from all Californians, but just from one group of us," said Jenny Pizer, a staff attorney with Lambda Legal. "That's too big a change in the principles of our constitution to be made just by a bare majority of voters."
"A major purpose of the constitution is to protect minorities from majorities. Because changing that principle is a fundamental change to the organizing principles of the constitution itself, only the legislature can initiate such revisions to the constitution," added Elizabeth Gill, a staff attorney with the ACLU of Northern California.
The groups filed the lawsuit today in the California Supreme Court on behalf of Equality California and 6 same-sex couples who did not marry before Tuesday's election but would like to be able to marry now.
The groups filed a writ petition in the California Supreme Court before the elections presenting similar arguments because they believed the initiative should not have appeared on the ballot, but the court dismissed that petition without addressing its merits. That earlier order is not precedent here.
"Historically, courts are reluctant to get involved in disputes if they can avoid doing so," said Shannon Minter, Legal Director of NCLR. "It is not uncommon for the court to wait to see what happens at the polls before considering these legal arguments. However, now that Proposition 8 may pass, the courts will have to weigh in and we believe they will agree that Proposition 8 should never have been on the ballot in the first place."
This would not be the first time the court has struck down an improper voter initiative. In 1990, the court stuck down an initiative that would have added a provision to the California Constitution stating that the "Constitution shall not be construed by the courts to afford greater rights to criminal defendants than those afforded by the Constitution of the United States." That measure was invalid because it improperly attempted to strip California's courts of their role as independent interpreters of the state's constitution.
In a statement issued earlier today, the groups stated their conviction, which is shared by the California Attorney General, that the state must continue to honor the marriages of the 18,000 lesbian and gay couples who have already married in California.
A copy of the statement is available at: www.aclu.org/lgbt/relationships/37701prs20081105.html.
A copy of the writ petition filed today is available at: www.aclu.org/lgbt/relationships/37709lgl20081105.html.
In addition to the ACLU, Lambda Legal and NCLR, the legal team bringing the writ also includes the Law Office of David C. Codell; Munger Tolles & Olson, LLP; and Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe, LLP.
Nintendo's recently announced 3DS art guide to The Louvre museum in France was a long-time dream of Shigeru Miyamoto's, according to a recent "Iwata Asks" interview with president Satoru Iwata.
The guide can be purchased for £17.99 and features 600 images of artwork, 400 museum photos, 30 hours of commentary and an interactive map. According to Miyamoto, the audio guides in the museum itself were a "jumping off point" for the first public spaces guides, which started with the Nintendo DS.
"I always rent an audio guide to look at exhibits when I go to museums," Miyamoto said. "It gives you a much richer experience because it provides insights and discoveries that you wouldn't have made otherwise."
When the Nintendo DS launched in 2004, Miyamoto began to wonder if it could be used as an audio guide. Around the same time, Nintendo began receiving inquiries from public institutions asking if they could work with the DS. The company would later develop guides for shopping facilities in Tokyo, as well as schools, aquariums and art museums. Eventually, Nintendo started talking with directors at the Louvre.
"We were given a special pass, and we went all around looking at all the inner systems from behind the scenes," Miyamoto said. "We were able to go into the museum on a day when it was closed to the public, and wander around studying the insides. I took a ton of pictures with my 3DS.
"What I realized then was just how much fun it was to look at the 3D photos that I had taken. It made me think that museums weren't just about the works inside them, the building and the atmosphere were also a lot of fun. We thought it would be fun to add some more value to the software — to make it like a souvenir of your trip to the museum, rather than just a museum guide."
Miyamoto added that the product is still "experimental," and that they would love to see it used as an educational tool in art classes.
"I think it would get students really interested as they use the software to watch and listen," Miyamoto said.
A running back setting themselves apart from others in Wisconsin history takes a monumental feat.
The Badgers have the all-time leading rusher (Ron Dayne), career rushing touchdown leader (Montee Ball, who is also tied for the single-season record) and now the single-game rushing leader (Melvin Gordon).
Gordon's 408 rushing yards against Nebraska last week, though, puts them in reach of the biggest prize for any running back, much less a Wisconsin running back: Barry Sanders' single-season rushing record.
Article continues below ...
Sanders rushed for 2,628 yards in 11 games in 1988 for Oklahoma State, a mark that's been seriously challenged only once since then. UCF's Kevin Smith came 61 yards short of tying Sanders in 2007.
To put Gordon's season in perspective, only four running backs have come within 500 yards of Sanders' record: Smith in 2007, Iowa State's Troy Davis by 443 yards in 1986, Boston College's Andre Williams by 451 yards last season, and TCU's LaDainian Tomlinson by 470 yards in 2000.
Before we delve deeper into Gordon's shot at Sanders' record, consider this: In 1988, the record for single-season passing in 1988 belonged to BYU's Jim McMahon (4,571 yards in 1980). That mark has been exceeded 22 times since.
Back to Gordon: The Badgers running back sits at 1,909 rushing yards through 10 games and could play as many as 14 games if the Badgers clinch a trip to the Big Ten title game Saturday.
While Gordon won't match Sanders' mark of 238.9 rushing yards per game, they do have a chance to catch Sanders in a couple of other ways. And perhaps what's most remarkable, Gordon could do it by rushing below their own season average.
Here's a look at the records in Gordon's sights in the final three or four games:
— Counting a Big Ten title game and a bowl, Gordon would need to rush for 720 yards in the final four games to pass Sanders. That's an average of 180 yards per game. Gordon averages 190.9.
— Let's say Wisconsin loses each of its last two games and misses the Big Ten title game. Gordon would need to average 240 yards in games against Minnesota and Iowa and in the bowl game. He's exceeded that total three times this season.
— But if we're going to say it's possible Gordon could average 240 yards in three games, what if those three games include the Big Ten title game? That would mean Gordon has a chance to break Sanders' record before the bowl game — and before the Heisman voting. Since Ron Dayne in 1999, only two running backs have won the Heisman (Mark Ingram in 2009 and Reggie Bush in 2005).
— While Sanders' rushing yards per game average is out of reach, Gordon can better Sanders in the per-play department. Sanders holds the record for backs with more than 280 carries with 7.64 yards per attempt. Gordon averages 8.56 yards per carry on 223 attempts. That would surpass Nebraska running back Mike Rozier's record of 7.81 yards per carry for backs with at least 215 attempts.
— And as ESPN's Brett Edgerton notes, Gordon could beat Sanders to the 2,000-yard mark.
If @Melvingordon25 can rush for their next 91 yards in fewer than 28 carries, he'll be the quickest ever to reach 2,000 yards. — Brett Edgerton (@EditorEdge) November 20, 2014
— So what about those Big Ten marks? Dayne holds the Big Ten record for single-season rushing with 2,109 yards in 1996. If Gordon's season averages hold up, he'll break that record sometime in the first half of the regular-season finale against Minnesota.
— Moreover, Gordon might have the Big Ten's single-season rushing yards per game record all but wrapped up. Gordon, at 190.9 yards per game, is already well ahead of the record set by Michigan State's Lorenzo White in 1985 (173.5).
KARACHI: The Counter-Terrorism Department (CTD) of Sindh police has expressed concern regarding the use of branchless banking facility through which money can be transferred with the help of mobile phones, suggesting that criminal and militant groups might misuse the facility for terror financing, particularly in remote areas.
However, mobile firms which provide this facility, insist that they are following the regulations concerned by verifying every transaction, and had not received any complaint from the regulator or law-enforcement agencies in this regard.
The CTD has asked the federal government to issue directions to the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) so that franchise facilities should undertake measures about such financial transactions, particularly in remote areas, and provide data to counterterrorism agencies when required for investigation purposes.
The federal govt has also been asked to provide training to Sindh police in order to properly understand how to trace financial crimes.
Informed sources told Dawn that these issues have been highlighted in a recent letter written by Additional Inspector General of Police, CTD Sindh, Dr Sanaullah Abbasi, to the interior ministry.
“The key risk is that while the existing SBP regulations are fairly comprehensive, the fact that money can be transferred to individuals without their having a bank account will remain a cause for concern, because this facility can be misused by criminals and terrorist groups,” says the letter, a copy of which was obtained by Dawn.
The letter noted that branchless banking represented a significantly cheaper alternative to conventional branch-based banking that allowed financial institutions and other commercial players to offer financial services outside a traditional bank premises by using delivery channels like retail agents and mobile phones.
At the moment, Mobicash (Mobilink) and Easypaisa (Telenor) were offering these services across the country including in remote areas.
“The most significant and important part of this financial service is money transactions from a person to any other person without having any account.”
It has been pointed out that the upper limit of the amount being transferred at a time was Rs50,000, which could be sent from any registered agent having a biometric system to the same facility located in any part of the country within a few minutes.
No evidence
The CTD had admitted that so far no evidence had emerged that this facility of branchless banking has been used ‘extensively' by terrorist groups.
Nonetheless, the police apprehended that the ease of conducting branchless transactions meant that it could be “a tool that can be used to facilitate terror financing.”
The CTD Sindh has suggested that in order to prevent the misuse of branchless banking by militant groups, the National Counterterrorism Authority (Nacta) should recommend that the SBP “ensure that franchise facilities in remote areas in particular should be made to maintain extremely accurate and comprehensive records of all individuals who avail this facility.”
It has been recommended that copies of CNIC or BISP cards of individuals who receive larger amounts (Rs50,000) should be kept by franchises and details of these transmitted via mobile service providers to the SBP.
Counterterrorism agencies should have access to these records as and when required for the purpose of investigation.
“The SBP should flag any transaction where the funds have been sent using an account maintained by an individual placed on the Fourth Schedule of the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA),” according to the CTD Sindh chief's letter.
It added that for this purpose, the SBP should have a list of all persons placed on the Fourth Schedule at hand and all bank accounts held by such individuals should be on record.
It was pointed out that the CTD Sindh was launching a new initiative whereby the SBP will be asked to provide information of all bank accounts held by individuals arrested by CTD, as well as individuals currently placed on the Fourth Schedule of the ATA by the Sindh government.
The CTD Sindh planned to share this information with Nacta as well as the FIA for the purpose of further investigation.
Besides, the CTD police were also contemplating to ask the SBP for details of accounts of seminaries that have been highlighted as having links with proscribed organisations.
Meanwhile, Umer Manzoor of Mobilink told Dawn that they were following the set rules which already have been defined by the regulators. They added that so far, they have not received any complaint from the regulator and law-enforcement agencies. Mr Manzoor believed that under the rules, they verify every transaction through the defined mechanism.
Police lack expertise
Dr Sanaullah Abbasi's letter to the interior ministry had also drawn attention towards providing proper training to the police for tracing financial crimes.
“The officers currently working in CTD Sindh do not have the requisite training or understanding to be able to accurately trace terrorism financial networks,” admitted the head of the counterterrorism force in Sindh.
Realising that the CTD personnel lacked understanding of tracing financial crimes, the AIG CTD, Mr Abbasi has proposed to Nacta to arrange experienced professionals in the relevant field to train and run refresher courses for CTD Sindh officers.
It has also been proposed that if Nacta has any case study at hand that provides details about the tracing of terror financing networks, the same should be sent to the Sindh police for perusal.
Published in Dawn, December 31st, 2016
With a third straight B.C. high school triple-A football championship now tucked away in their back pockets, the Mount Douglas Rams will be forever remembered as a provincial dynasty.
The Rams pulled out a nervous 32-27 victory over the Terry Fox Ravens Saturday night, claiming their third straight Subway Bowl football championship at B.C. Place in Vancouver, much to the delight of a busload of fans donning their purple-and-white jerseys, clacking their rattles and banging their thundersticks.
article continues below
All season head coach Mark Townsend's crew removed themselves from talk of a three-peat, not that they weren't thinking about the impressive feat, last accomplished by the Richmond Colts from 1996-98.
“We're a part of something huge, a part of history,” said Rams outstanding defensive lineman Zach Wilkinson. “We talked about it, not on the field, but off the field, and it truly is something special.”
As is this group of young athletes that has grown as a family these last few years, some being together for four seasons since first entering secondary school.
Now, 21 of them will graduate, and Townsend will attempt to piece together a team worthy of carrying on the tradition the school has established.
“There's a lot of history here with these guys already. Getting a three-peat is something that only comes around so often,” said star runningback/receiver/defensive back Marcus Davis, who scored three touchdowns, added a key interception late in the victory over Terry Fox, and was named the game's MVP.
“Coach Mark has done a great job of getting guys together. They built this program and he's obviously done a very good job. This group is tight. We're always around each other, on the field and off.”
It's very much a family that has come together through football.
“We've been blessed with great kids and, yeah, you nailed it on the head, it's like a family,” said Townsend. “A lot of them have been together three or four years, they treat each other with respect and it's been a great run.” Capped by yet another championship win in which they played their hearts out on Saturday.
Davis, again, was the leader of the crew, scoring their 70th, 71st and 72nd TDs as a senior over the last two years alone. Ashton MacKinnon and Seye Farinu also scored for Mount Doug, which led 19-14 at halftime.
Byron MacKinnon got the Rams defence of to a solid start as they rocked Terry Fox quarterback Conner McKee early on a sack and Farinu followed it up with another sack.
“We didn't like or want to say it, until we were looking back on it, but it's been a good ride,” Rams defensive lineman James Nicholas said of the three-peat talk
“We're brothers, we really are. If we're not practising, we're hanging out all the time. The core group of guys who are starters are best friends as well.”
mannicchiarico@timescolonist.com
Twitter/tc_vicsports
After Barack Obama's convincing win over John McCain, it was clear the Republican Party was at a crossroads. The Grand Old Party had to decide what ideology was going to guide it in the post-Bush era: a philosophy rooted in conservative ideas or a credo based upon fear and anger. Unfortunately for America, Republicans turned to the dark side and chose the road to fascism.
By "fascism" I mean a national political movement that rejects democracy, embraces nativism and racism, and promotes violence. The Ku Klux Klan is an American fascist movement. The German Nazis were another example.
The Republican dance with fascism dates to the Nixon era when the GOP recruited Southern Democrats alienated by passage of the Civil Rights Act. When George W. Bush first ran for President, rabidly racist and sexist groups became major campaign players. The Bush White House encouraged nativism with its imagery of America the Christian nation leading a worldwide crusade against infidels. And, Bush fed distrust of reason - another hallmark of fascism - with their fear-based propaganda and anti-science agenda.
Since Obama's election, we've seen the Republican Party tighten its embrace of fascism. First, they made the decision to oppose whatever Obama proposed without offering contrasting ideas; their hope was that the President would fail and this would work to their advantage. Republican leaders rooted for a collapse of the American financial system, wanted the current recession to be as severe as the Great Depression, so their Party could take advantage of the chaos.
Second, in the absence of strong internal leadership, the GOP looked to demagogues - Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Bill O'Reilly, Sean Hannity - to represent the Party. Republicans adopted Nazi leader Joseph Goebbels' "big lie" tactic, where Party spokespeople could say anything so long as it advanced their cause. Limbaugh denied there is a healthcare crisis, called Obama a racist and compared them to Hitler. Beck, Hannity, and O'Reilly took the same path as Limbaugh and claimed the Democrats' healthcare bill supports euthanasia.
Third, the GOP embraced nativism and racism by supporting border vigilantes, opposing the Supreme Court nomination of Sonja Sotomayor, and spreading lies about Obama's birth. In effect, the Republican Party rebranded itself as the White People's Party.
And finally, in their advocacy of disruptions at Congressional town hall meetings, Republicans have explicitly supported violence. Beginning with the lie that the Obama Administration wants to suspend the second amendment and deny Americans the right to bear arms, Glen Beck has promoted armed resistance. Falsely claiming Obama has "surrounded themselves by Marxists their whole life," Beck proclaimed the Obama era is reminiscent of ""the early days of Adolf Hitler" and suggested America is rapidly becoming " a totalitarian state." The Republican Party and closely allied lobbyists promoted thuggery that disrupted town hall meetings. Now the Republican Party teeters on the edge of the signature tactic of fascist movements: sponsoring paramilitary groups.
It's time for Americans to call the Republican tactics for what they really are and launch a counter-attack against fascism.
(1) Encourage Democratic members of Congress to vote for the Obama healthcare plan when they return from their August recess. Republican leaders understand that healthcare reform is vital for the American people and the economy and its passage will further diminish GOP influence and credibility. So long as they are united, Democrats don't need Republican votes to pass healthcare reform.
(2) Show up at town hall meetings, support healthcare reform, and object to the mob violence espoused by the Republican Party. Ask GOP leaders to denounce thuggery. Send letters to your local newspaper supporting healthcare reform and condemning Republican fascism.
(3) Donate to progressive groups that pledge to combat fascism; for example, Organizing for America, Democracy for America, and Move On.
(4) Support Democratic Representatives from swing Congressional districts; those holding seats that might be jeopardized by a vote supporting the Obama healthcare initiative. The Cook Report lists 18 Democratic incumbents at risk.
(5) Demonstrate against hatemongers - Beck, Coulter, Hannity, Limbaugh, Malkin, O'Reilly, Savage and others - and the Republican leadership that supports them - Boehner, McConnell, Palin, and Steele. Send them disapproving emails and show up at their public appearances.
(6) Boycott sponsors that advertise on the shows of hatemongers. Fox News Boycott has a complete list of Fox sponsors.
(7) Demand that the FCC or Congress reinstate the Fairness Doctrine to limit the power of Fox News and hate radio. In 1987, the Republican-dominated Federal Communications Commission suspended the fairness doctrine, which required holders of broadcast licenses to report on controversial issues in an honest, equitable, and balanced manner. This action opened the door for Fox News, the Rush Limbaugh show, and other conservative outlets to spew Republican propaganda without having to offer the opposing perspective.
This is a critical moment for healthcare reform, the Obama presidency, and American democracy. In their ill-considered scramble for power, the Republican leadership is feeding the fires of fascism. It's time for all of us to do what we can to ensure meaningful healthcare reform legislation is enacted and the GOP tactics are rebuked.
_______
About author Bob Burnett is a Berkeley writer, activist, and Quaker. Before starting a second career as a journalist, they were a technologist and one of the founding executives at Cisco Systems. Bob can be reached at Bob Burnett is a Berkeley writer, activist, and Quaker. Before starting a second career as a journalist, they were a technologist and one of the founding executives at Cisco Systems. Bob can be reached at boburnett@comcast.net
Seen in the light of their achievements, Brown CS alumni strongly exhibit the values of the university as a whole. As committed and motivated architects of ideas, they contribute in the widest scope possible to science, learning, culture, and their community. Some make their careers in academia, and others in industry and research, but a few are so independent in their thought and innovative in their accomplishments that their work serves as a touchstone and a landmark for computer scientists of any kind.
Sridhar Ramaswamy PhD ‘95 is one of these.
An honored guest, he's returning to Brown to deliver a lecture (“F1: A Distributed Database That Scales”) that will inaugurate Brown Computer Science's new Information Technology Leaders Lecture Series. Brown CS warmly welcomes Sridhar at a time of exciting growth for the field, the university, and the department.
Wildly Different
Arriving at Brown CS in the early 1990's, Sridhar found an environment that was “wildly different” from their previous schooling at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, where the approach to learning was highly structured: “Brown offered a number of areas that I was interested in at the time, like databases and graphics, and the enormous amount of intellectual freedom to do what you wanted.”
Like many others, they gladly seized the many opportunities of the open curriculum. “I used it,” they say, “to learn many wonderful things. I took lots and lots of courses on literature and music. Brown was amazing in that respect. It really opened the rest of the world to me, things that I didn't get from a super-technical education.”
Sridhar's observations about the size of an earlier Brown CS (“It was small at the time, about fifteen professors. Whatever area you wanted to study, you had one choice of advisor.”) anticipate the growth that occurred in subsequent years as the Department of Computer Science doubled the size of its faculty. Small or not, Sridhar remembers the years fondly, even recalling the course number of a legendary class: “I loved Stan Zdonik and Tom Doeppner, how open they were. You could talk to any professor, any of the grad students. It was quite cool. I still remember CS 169!”
Thriving Madness
A single sentence from a letter that Sridhar sent to Conduit in 1999 nicely frames the two sides of the career that immediately followed their graduation: “I am leaving the comfortable and laid-back environment of Bell Labs for the thriving madness of Silicon Valley.”
The seeds of this desire for “thriving madness” were sown with their early research work: “At Brown, I discovered all these amazing problems to be solved, and wonderful, inspiring people like Paris Kanellakis, who was my advisor. That desire to solve problems built on itself and kept growing. I'm a bit of a stubborn person; I didn't want to start something and leave it half done.”
“Part of Paris's advice to me,” Sridhar says, “was that I needed to become more of a systems person, which was what I had done as an undergraduate at IIT with things like graphics device drivers. I started doing more database systems research, first at Bellcore, then Bell Labs.” This blend of theory and practice continued with Ramaswamy's work on a revolutionary system called AQUA (Approximate QUery Answering) that was aimed at providing provable guarantees for fast answers on massive datasets. “It was a collaboration with a wonderful group of people,” they remember.
But this was the Internet Age. As Sridhar explains, “My thinking was that I wanted to change direction, and if I was really going to do so, I had to make a drastic change. I decided that I'd head out to the Valley to try my hand at software engineering.” After four years as the Director of Engineering at a startup called E.piphany, a slightly larger company beckoned in 2003. It was Google. “Well, it was obviously a place that was full of opportunities, and I thought it was humongous when I first joined,” they laugh. “I think there were all of three hundred engineers!”
Planet-Scale
Sridhar pauses for a moment, mentally reviewing the past decade, which has brought them to the position of Google's Senior Vice President of Advertising and Commerce, where they oversee the design, innovation, and engineering of the company's advertising and commerce products. Leader of the engineering teams that helped define the vision and direction of Google Ads, they now also leads Google's efforts in Display advertising, Analytics, Shopping, and Payments. Additionally, Sridhar is part of a group of senior executives who report directly to CEO Larry Page.
“Gosh, I've had a wonderful time at Google.”
At length, they explain that much of their success comes from “being part of an amazing team” in an equally incredible environment. “None of this,” they insist, “is mine alone, but one thing I'm very proud of is the Advertising teams' emphasis on building amazing infrastructure. We believe that creative systems engineering goes a long way toward solving problems that are otherwise considered unsolvable.”
Interestingly for someone who transitioned from researcher to software engineer, some of Ramaswamy's favorite achievements are process-related, systems-oriented, even theoretical. “We've developed an entire science,” they say, “around how we think about experiments and how we deploy them. All the changes on the site, big or small, can have a huge impact in areas such as monetization. To be on a team that helped develop a whole framework to ask how one considers change, how one develops experiments and conducts them in massive numbers while making sure they don't interact with each other, that's a signature accomplishment for me. It's a cool thing.”
Sridhar also mentions their love of auctions, saying that he's been privileged to be a part of the “considerable amount of innovation” in this area. One of the greatest challenges for Google or any of its competitors, they say, is striking a balance between the long-term value of auctions and their current value while trying to optimize for the long term.
But the accomplishment that Ramaswamy actually mentions first is the one that will serve as the subject of their inaugural Information Technology Leaders lecture. F1 (the name is derived from the nomenclature in Mendel's famous genetic experiments, not the type of racecar) is a hybrid between an object store and a relational database. “We wanted a system,” Sridhar says, “that could be what we call planet-scale but also answer very difficult queries for the purpose of, say, building reports. We wanted both things, and we did it. It's in in production now. The conventional wisdom was that you could build scalable object stores or relational databases, but not both together.”
Circling backward in the conversation to give a precise definition of what “planet-scale” might refer to, there's a soft but unmistakable satisfaction in their voice. “We mean a system that will keep working beautifully even if California becomes an island.”
A Very Different Future
“There is a world we're already living in that I think will become even bigger and more important.” Asked about Brown and the digital society of the future, Sridhar's answer is immediate. “That's the world of cloud computing and amazing devices and interfaces.”
They begin with a bit of history: “When the first Internet companies started, people were literally running services from their garages. Then computers got better, people put them into racks, but there was always this sense that you had to own big machines, big data centers. In my mind, what's been remarkable about the last few years, as evinced by many companies like Netflix and Dropbox, is that cloud computing is such a commodity and can run at such a vast scale.”
The opportunities for the next wave of computer scientists and the next generation in general are omnipresent. “Four people with exactly four laptops can build global-scale applications,” says Sridhar. “That was unimaginable ten years ago. Things get more and more refined, and people have mobile phones in their hands, these wonderful interfaces. Behind them, a back-end is running at an incredible scale. It's pretty amazing. People don't quite appreciate it, but it's breathtaking.”
He's also very excited about the connected Internet (webcams, thermostats, and even house locks that can be operated remotely from a phone) and the “very different future” it foretells. On a more narrow technical front, advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence have tremendous untapped potential.
“People don't even realize,” says Sridhar, “what we can do with simple models and massive amounts of data. You might think that spelling correction uses fancy logic about sentence structure or phonemes, but it's purely a statistical algorithm based on a dataset of errors and corrections. The whole field of deep learning is young, and it'll solve problems that look quite beyond our capacity right now.”
Unconventional Wisdom
A statistical algorithm to analyze Sridhar Ramaswamy in conversation would provide equally interesting insights. Three times in a half-hour, he's used the term “conventional wisdom” to point out the conclusions that many people readily jump to, the dead end offered by cynicism, a failure of vision. Inspired by mentors such as Paris Kanellakis, Tom Doeppner, and Stan Zdonik, drawn to collaboration and to lead teams of people that they respect so highly, one challenge has echoed throughout Sridhar's responses. “It's about solving,” as they put it, “the unsolvable.”
It's a system that can operate if California becomes an island.
It's four people with four computers making global-scale applications.
It's a world in which anything is possible.
“Computer science is what's really exciting,” says Sridhar. “I say to my children, you can be a physicist. It's an honorable profession. But every smart person for the past five hundred years has been trying to solve the hardest problems of physics. What excites me is that computing itself is very young. It's only begun to touch numerous aspects of our life. I can point kids to so many different areas and tell them that there are thousands of possible futures there, just waiting!”
At a time when the field's prospects and Brown University's have seldom looked brighter, Brown CS looks forward to Sridhar Ramaswamy's inaugural lecture, their unconventional wisdom, and the opportunities that those futures offer.
Brown CS cordially invites you to attend Sridhar Ramaswamy's lecture (“F1: A Distributed Database That Scales”), which will take place on September 18 at 4pm in CIT 368 at 115 Waterman Street. Everyone's welcome, and remote attendees can watch the live stream by clicking here. Shortly after the lecture, we'll make a recording available here.
This post is a review on how I picked up data science skills when I was a PhD student in mathematics. The time span was from January 2016 to May 2017, before I got my job. I break it into three periods: before, during, and after my summer internship. Here, I will talk about what I did, and not what I think I should have done — that's for another post.
The Transition to Industry
Three and half years into graduate school in the United States, I wanted to leave academia more than ever. In December 2015, I decided to look into my employment options seriously. I had no idea, however, on how to start this transition into the industry. People said math skills are valuable, but the context was never about PhDs. I didn't see why a company would hire me. The recent graduates from our department went for actuary or software engineering jobs, but I didn't know how they made it. So, I started my first job search.
I looked into three areas: management consulting, software engineering, and data analytics. First thing I noticed was that companies love STEM majors, as long as it's not pure Math. They wanted Comp-Sci, Physics, Biology, and all sorts of engineering degrees, but no one wanted pure Math. “Strong analytical skill” by itself meant nothing. The reality was that I didn't have a marketable skill set. It seemed to me the most concrete skills I could put on my resume was programming.
But I knew only one language back then: MATLAB. It was for homework on partial differential equations. Plus, there were close to zero MATLAB jobs. I had to learn another language, but what could I learn in less than a year?
I was lost. I turned to another student of my advisor, Jiayi Jiang, for help. Jiayi was six months away from graduation but already went through several job interviews. They told me that my best career bet was going into software engineering or machine learning. I asked for more detail about the machine learning route. They then told me that all the interview questions they got were within the scope of a single book — Elements of Statistical Learning (ESL), which might be a good start for me. So ESL became my entry point of data science.
The Skills
Before the Internship: R and SQL (Jan-May 2016)
I quit ESL by chapter 2. It was a great read, but it was all math and no programming. My real need now was learning to program. After more research, I found that the authors of ESL had put out another book called An Introduction to Statistical Learning (ISLR) with R exercises. I started going through the chapters with all the R exercises, and it was wonderful. The math was simpler than ESL, but I got to learn R.
At the same time, I started applying for internships. Something called SQL was required on every single one of the job postings, so I looked into how to learn SQL by myself. I bought the Kindle version of Head First SQL based on Reddit recommendations. (Warning: the Kindle version was horrible, don't buy it.) The learning process was dry and painful. I had to force myself through the chapters because the value of SQL wasn't clear to me. I stopped after I finished select and where clauses, right before the chapter on joins.
I spent 30 minutes a day to learn besides writing my resume and applying for jobs. In late February, I got my first response when I was at a math conference in Maryland. The email contained a few questions that I answered next day. The day after, they wanted me to take a data challenge. I almost told them I wasn't ready for that. Instead, I told myself to give it a shot. I managed to scramble together a data report with the help of ISLR, Google, and caffeine.
The offer came in mid-March and I took it. Now that I had an internship lined up, I decided to pause my learning plan so I can get as much research done as possible for my dissertation before the internship starts in May.
During the Internship: R, SQL, and Statistics (May-Aug 2016)
On my first day as an intern, I read a Tufte book. When I was waiting for a work laptop from IT, my boss asked: “Have you read Tufte?” and put a copy of The Visual Display of Quantitative Information on my desk. They were cleaning the team library that day. I had never heard of Tufte, but it was a great read and an eye-opening exposition to data visualization for me.
Over the next two months, this sort of exchange happened again and again. Many of my discussions in the office pointed me to a resource in statistics that I had never heard of. The terms that my colleagues used became little conceptual gold nuggets that I could plug into the search bar to expand the boundary of my knowledge comfort zone. It was a lot of fun.
The analytics team I was in was an R and SQL stack. I spent 5-6 hours a day on R and SQL for my project, and my coding skills improved. But the real value came from the help and code review I got from my mentors — they gave me a better idea on which learning goals to set and how to achieve them. As a graduate student, I was isolated in the world of mathematics research. It was through the internship that I re-discovered the importance of peers in the learning process.
After the internship: Python, R (Aug 2016-May 2017)
After I came back from the internship, I got to teach the statistics lab in the Fall. After two months of work, I wanted to show my students why R was awesome for data analysis. To prepare my lecture notes, I read several books like R for Data Science and Applied Predictive Modeling. My students also came to me with all kinds of questions, project ideas, and bugs.
Besides R, I started learning Python. Back in March, I tried to get into Python with the tutorial Learning Python the Hard Way. It was so boring that in two weeks I stopped and never went back. The isolation and uselessness of material killed my desire to learn. Having said unpleasant experience, I changed my approach this time. I talked my friend Armenak into learning Python with me using another book that I found on Reddit, Automate the Boring Stuff with Python. It turned out to be the best intro-level programming book I had ever used. Armenak and I met at the Starbucks twice a week, where we followed the instructions from the book closely. I learned to make all kinds of throwaway scripts, including my first web scraper. It was fun and useful. Knowing how to write simple Python scripts became a great asset to my current job.
The internship experience made me realize that the best way for me to learn was getting constant feedback on things that I did. My students gave me feedback in R, and my friend gave me feedback in Python. It worked.
So, is that it?
No, I learned more than R and Python after the summer internship, but I can't go into detail without first talking about meetups. Looking back, I was lucky to find two awesome Nashville communities: Developer Launchpad and Penny University, that helped me build, filter, and prioritize the list of things to learn at a faster rate than anything I had before. I will explain why meetups are awesome in the next post.
North Carolina Monuments
Governor Roy Cooper Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 15, 2017
Last weekend, I watched with horror as events in Charlottesville unfolded. Having served as North Carolina Attorney General for 16 years, I am all too familiar with the racism, bigotry and full-out white supremacy that exist in corners of our society. But it was shocking to watch these elements displayed so publicly — venom and hatred shamelessly spewed in epithets. My stomach sank to learn that a peaceful counter-protester had been killed and many others injured as the hatred morphed into violence.
It started with a monument, stone and metal, inanimate and yet more provocative now than ever. Charlottesville could have been Raleigh, or Asheboro, or any other city in North Carolina that is home to a Confederate monument. I don't pretend to know what it's like for a person of color to pass by one of these monuments and consider that those memorialized in stone and metal did not value my freedom or humanity. Unlike an African-American father, I'll never have to explain to my daughters why there exists an exalted monument for those who wished to keep them and their ancestors in chains.
Some people cling to the belief that the Civil War was fought overstates' rights. But history is not on their side. We cannot continue to glorify a war against the United States of America fought in the defense of slavery. These monuments should come down.
Our Civil War history is important, but it belongs in textbooks and museums — not a place of allegiance on our Capitol grounds. And our history must tell the full story, including the subjugation of humans created in God's image to provide the back-breaking labor that drove the South's agrarian economy.
I understand the frustration of those fed up with the pace of change. But after protesters toppled a statue in Durham Monday night, I said there was a better way to remove these monuments.
My first responsibility as governor is to protect North Carolinians and keep them safe. The likelihood of protesters being injured or worse than they may try to topple any one of the hundreds of monuments in our state concerns me. And the potential for those same white supremacist elements we saw in Charlottesville to swarm the site, weapons in hand, in retaliation is a threat to public safety.
It's time to move forward. And here's how I plan to do that.
First, the North Carolina legislature must repeal a 2015 law that prevents removal or relocation of monuments. Cities, counties and the state must have the authority and opportunity to make these decisions.
Second, I've asked the Department of Natural and Cultural Resources to determine the cost and logistics of removing Confederate monuments from state property as well as alternatives for their placement at museums or historical sites where they can be studied in context.
Third, the North Carolina legislature should defeat a bill that grants immunity from liability to motorists who strike protesters. That bill passed the state House and remains alive in the Senate. The Senate should kill it. Full stop. Those who attack protesters, weaponizing their vehicles like terrorists, should find no safe haven in our state.
Conversations about race and our past are never simple or easy. They are deeply personal and emotional. As President Lincoln said, we must do this work “with malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in to bind up the nation's wounds.” President Lincoln was on point: we must do what we know is right, and we must do it the right way.
For politicians, Canada's involvement in the latest Iraq war is the hottest of hot potatoes. The Conservative government, which decided to send “dozens” of elite special operations troops to the war-torn country, is adamant to the point of incoherence that no Canadian soldier will take part in any battle.
Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga fighters hold a position Sunday on the front line in Khazer, about 40 km west of Arbil, the capital of the autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq. ( SAFIN HAMED / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
“We're not putting boots on the ground,” Defence Minister Rob Nicholson repeatedly told a Commons committee Tuesday — a curious pledge in that it left open the question of where exactly Canadian troops operating there will place their feet. The Liberals say they support the government decision, as long as Canadians sent to take part in the war against Islamic State militants aren't expected to fight. The New Democrats haven't yet made up their minds, saying they need more information.
Article Continued Below
Even Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who last week announced Canada's participation in the latest U.S.-led war in Iraq, has done their best to divert attention. On Tuesday, as opposition MPs prepared to grill senior ministers on the Iraq mission, Harper seized headlines by personally announcing the discovery of remains from the ill-fated 1845 Franklin expedition. In fact, the sunken wreckage had been discovered in the Arctic Sunday. Yet in a strange coincidence, news of the find was kept under wraps until the day of the Iraq hearings. There are good reasons for politicians of all stripes to be nervous about this war. Canada's experience in Afghanistan has left much of the public jaded about any kind of far-off military adventure.
A Forum Research poll estimates that a slim majority of Canadians, 54 per cent, support the new deployment to Iraq, while 47 per cent are either opposed or undecided. The poll also shows Liberal voters to be evenly split on the mission, with NDP voters solidly opposed.
Article Continued Below
This leaves Tom Mulcair's New Democrats in a bind. In their drive to the political centre, they are desperate to avoid being labelled a party of peaceniks. But they also want to avoid alienating their base, many of whom are peaceniks. Luckily for the NDP, there remain enough unknowns about the planned operation that, should Mulcair wish, they could plausibly withhold support. The government still won't say how many “advisers” it will send in total to aid Kurdish forces in Iraq. Nicholson did say that 79 Canadian military personnel are already there, mainly to operate and service cargo planes. Nor were ministers able to give a plausible answer Tuesday as to what advice Canadian advisers could offer Iraq's experienced Kurdish fighters. There is no word yet on when these advisers will arrive or what exactly they will do. They are supposed to stay only 30 days. Indeed, the entire arrangement has the feel of something hastily patched together. From Tuesday's testimony, it appears that even Foreign Affairs Minister Baird had little warning of the decision to commit Canadian forces. That decision, they said, was made on the basis of a personal request to Harper from U.S. President Barack Obama at last week's NATO summit. Obama has their own political imperatives. In order to convince war-weary Americans to get involved yet again in Iraq, they must show that the U.S. will not bear the burden alone and that nations like Canada are willing to help. Harper, meanwhile, wants two things. First, they want to convince Canadian voters that they are a more serious figure on the world stage than Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau. For a political leader, nothing is more serious than waging war. But, Harper must also convince voters that none of their friends or relatives will die in this war. That's why they insist there will be no combat role. It's fine line to walk. On Tuesday, Baird called the Islamic State “one of the most barbaric terror groups the world has ever seen,” saying the group seeks to “impose its barbaric views everywhere, from Spain to India,” as well as create a foothold for attacks abroad. “We don't know how long the struggle will take,” Baird said. Yet apparently we do. The struggle will take 30 days and will involve no fighting on our part. That, at least, is the government's promise. Thomas Walkom's column appears Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Commuters watched in horror as two thugs chased after a young man in Dublin's Connolly Station before they were eventually rescued by Irish Rail security staff.
Commuters watched in horror as two thugs chased after a young man in Dublin's Connolly Station before they were eventually rescued by Irish Rail security staff.
There were chaotic scenes as the terrified 23-year-old, from Dublin's north inner city, jumped over barriers and across train platforms as dozens of people watched the rush-hour drama unfold.
FORCED
Some commuters were even forced to jump out of the way before the chase ended.
The petty criminal was saved when security personnel got involved and brought them to a room in the station before their would-be attackers fled the scene and gardai arrived.
Sources said that the drama began at about 5pm last Wednesday when the 23-year-old - whose life is under threat - was walking past the train station and a black car pulled up beside him.
One man got out of the vehicle and made a gun gesture at them with their hand before two other men got out of the vehicle and threatened him.
The dramatic chase then unfolded.
The Herald can reveal that the criminal believes that their life is under threat because of a drugs debt that they owe to a north inner city gang and that last week's incident is directly linked to this debt.
They were unharmed, but sources say that if they were caught, the man - who is well known to gardai for multiple offences - "would have got a severe beating if those fellas had caught up with him".
 They are understood to be a recovering drug addict who was previously hooked on Zimovane tablets.
Their convictions include theft, burglary, criminal damage and public order offences.
CONVICTIONS
One of their most serious criminal convictions dates from July, 2012, when they were jailed for ten months for their part in a random attack on a kitchen porter.
The victim was kicked so severely they needed staples inserted in their head after they were punched and kicked on the ground.
The 23-year-old was "strung out" on sleeping tablets at the time of that attack and is understood to have had a long standing problem with drugs.
kfoy@herald.ie
Online Editors
The final episodes of Top Gear featuring Jeremy Clarkson will be shown by the BBC.
Kim Shillinglaw, BBC Two's controller, said the scenes filmed before Clarkson was suspended are likely to air this summer.
Jeremy Clarkson's contract was not renewed after they admitted punching producer Oisin Tymon, which landed them in hospital.
BBC Director-General Tony Hall said at the time "a line has been crossed".
The BBC has not yet found a replacement for Clarkson.
Ms Shillinglaw said the corporation was not thinking of one "in terms of gender".
"We'll definitely look at some women but it's not a driving priority," they explained.
Ms Shillinglaw confirmed that the show will return next year in a new form.
But they wouldn't be drawn to talk about the other two hosts, James May and Richard Hammond.
Meanwhile, Clarkson hasn't hung up their jump leads just yet. They wrote in the Sunday Times: "I have lost my baby but I shall create another."
"I don't know who the other parent will be or what the baby will look like, but I cannot sit around any more organising my photograph album."
Clarkson also revealed they were told they "probably" had cancer, two days before the "fracas" with Mr Tymon, although they have since been given the all-clear.
They said they considered turning their back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out of the row.
The 55-year-old said: "Let's stop being silly and pick up the pieces and start again... I just know I'm going to do another car show."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram, Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
Old School Content Poll #48: Rewards for Raids & Quality of Life (07-Oct-2016 15:16:46)
In this poll, we're offering rewards for the forthcoming Raiding dungeons due later this year, along with some quality of life content for the weeks running up to raids.This poll will close on Wednesday 12th October.
Total Number of Votes: 28692
Question 1 Should Elder armour, Twisted armour and Kodai robes be added to Old School RuneScape as incredibly rare rewards from raids? These armours would degrade when used, costing 100,000 coins to repair for each hour of use. Yes 60.0% (17192 votes) No 32.6% (9345 votes) Skip question 7.6% (2155 votes)
Question 2 In early 2007 Varrock received a graphical update. In this change, the appearence of guards throughout the city was changed. Should the appearence of guards be reverted to look how they did prior to the graphical update? Yes 57.6% (16505 votes) No 34.9% (9996 votes) Skip question 7.7% (2191 votes)
Question 3 Should the unreleased soul, blood, law and death rune case be added to Construction? It would require level 41 Construction and level 90 RuneCrafting to create. Yes 75.8% (21737 votes) No 13.2% (3780 votes) Skip question 11.1% (3175 votes)
Question 4 Should Miscellania workers be able to tell you your approval rating? Yes 88.5% (25383 votes) No 5.3% (1512 votes) Skip question 6.3% (1797 votes)
Question 5 Should empty birds nests be made tradeable and the NPC Wesley be given the ability to crush empty birds nests? Yes 75.3% (21603 votes) No 18.5% (5280 votes) Skip question 6.4% (1809 votes)
Question 6 Should the stand which allows you to repair broken untradeable armour also be made available in the Grand Exchange on PvP worlds? Yes 62.1% (17799 votes) No 24.5% (7029 votes) Skip question 13.5% (3864 votes)
Question 7 Should Perdu be moved to the safe area in Lumbridge castle on PvP worlds?  They are currently located in a dangerous area upstairs in Edgeville. Yes 61.1% (17503 votes) No 18.1% (5176 votes) Skip question 21.0% (6013 votes)
Question 8 Should it be made possible to charge the ring of wealth (i)? These charges would provide the same functionality as charges on the standard ring of wealth. Yes 83.3% (23882 votes) No 8.8% (2524 votes) Skip question 8.0% (2286 votes)
Question 9 Should a board be added to Watson's house which shows you the status of each of your STASH units? For each unit you would be shown whether it has been built or filled with items. Yes 75.2% (21559 votes) No 7.8% (2218 votes) Skip question 17.2% (4915 votes)
Question 10 Should the rate at which sandworms are caught be increased? Yes 61.9% (17736 votes) No 15.6% (4457 votes) Skip question 22.7% (6499 votes)
Question 11 Currently, only certain monsters will show a broadcast for drops. Should it be possible to have all drops above a value you specify provide a message visible only to you? Yes 84.1% (24108 votes) No 9.4% (2673 votes) Skip question 6.7% (1911 votes)
Question 12 Currently, the stump of a magic tree doesn't match the colour of magic logs. Should the inside of the stump be changed to properly reflect the inside of the logs? Yes 84.5% (24230 votes) No 9.0% (2566 votes) Skip question 6.7% (1896 votes)
Question 13 One of the rewards for the medium Kandarin achievement diary is free flax once per day from the flax keeper. Should the flax keeper instead offer to exchange the same amount of flax for bowstrings each day? I.e., If you are currently able to get 30 free flax each day from the flax keeper, you would be able to take 30 flax to the flax keeper and exchange it for 30 bowstrings. This would replace the current daily flax reward. Yes 69.1% (19816 votes) No 18.9% (5417 votes) Skip question 12.1% (3459 votes)
Question 14 Should we improve the flow of karambwanji and karambwan fishing by making it more like regular fishing? This change would remove the need to click each time you catch a fish. Yes 82.8% (23755 votes) No 10.3% (2927 votes) Skip question 7.1% (2010 votes)
I've been told that the article I wrote yesterday about Bioware's bungling of Mass Effect 3 was the only real defense of the game's fans that exists in "mainstream" gaming journalism. And sure enough, when I looked around, I found huge sites like Kotaku, IGN and GiantBomb mocking fans for complaining about the unsatisfying conclusion.
It's something I don't quite understand. I'm not a conspiracy theorist, who believes all mainstream game journos are in the pockets of EA and Activision, but still, I don't get their rationale. As a fan, I was disappointed with the ending of ME3, and agree with many fans that it's so lackluster that it taints the entire series.
But that's not why I wrote that piece. Because of issues like the underwhelming ending which slaps customers in the face by immediately telling them to buy more future DLC, companies like Bioware (and in turn, EA) will start to suffer financially in the long run. Brand loyalty is a hugely important factor in the business, and a company that once had much of it, is watching it slowly slip away. Ask Valve's Gabe Newell how important fan support is. The man's a recently minted billionaire who has been riding high on the shoulders of their adoring consumers for well over a decade.
As this is Forbes, a business publication, I feel the need to explicitly state the following: fan service is good business.
What that does NOT mean is that all paid DLC is evil, and every bad game ending must be fixed to please fan. But there is a difference between the right way to handle either concept, and the way that makes everyone hate you. While DLC for games like Fallout 3, Borderlands or Red Dead Redemption have been quite substantial, fans look at a day one package from Bioware with one new (seemingly important) character as gouging. Similarly, it's not unreasonable for fans who have invested 100 hours into a series that many view with as much reverence as Star Wars, to ask that the ending reflect the quality of the rest of the series, and live up to the game's central premise of "choices matter."
Bioware did this all wrong. Die hard fans were going to buy Mass Effect 3, and even the collector's edition regardless of whatever preorder bonuses or day one DLC there was. If they had just been a tiny bit patient, and allowed the DLC to come out at an appropriate time, none of this blowback would be happening.
Rather, as the end of the game is inescapably final, they could have easily released a series of "lost missions" found in the interim of the game's plot, including a more involved encounter with the day one DLC Prothean. They still could have made their ten dollars with that mission pack, but they would have suffered none of the fan wrath.
The fact is, they probably will do something like this. DLC was promised, but now there's no good way forward. Additional missions will sell, but customers are now wary of any DLC from the brand, and the mere mention of the term summons rage. As for DLC to change or expand the ending? My idea to make it free would go a long way to repairing bridges with fans, but if they charge for it instead, it might be the last straw before many swear off their brand for good.
My suggestion of free DLC as a peace offering to quell both consumer's ire at the company's seemingly exploitative practices, and their dissatisfaction with the ending, is to me...a worthwhile business decision. Can they offer new ending DLC for a price, and make money? Yes, but then we'll be forced into another news cycle covering further rage as fans ask "how dare they?" Yes, they would be at fault for buying it, but to paraphrase one fan, "the ending is so unspeakably bad, I'd throw $10 at it just to make it go away." They might make money exploiting their own mistake, but making your beloved series end on such a sour note that people will pay to make the pain go away is not a sound decision from a business or creative perspective. "Pay us to make your game suck less" is a trick that's going to work once, and never, ever again.
What makes consumers happy is not some great mystery. DLC that adds to the game without feeling cleaved out of it. A finale that reflects the grand scale of the story being told, rather than one minute of confusion which ends a hundred hours of a rich tale. No, you'll never satisfy everyone, but pleasing 90% of fans is better than 5%, which is certainly how it feels with Mass Effect 3 today.
For content creators and the journalists that cover them to say fans are "whining" or "entitled" is missing the point. Keeping the fans happy is what keeps them coming back to the brand. If being great once upon a time sold tickets, M. Night Shyamalan's box office receipts might rival James Cameron's. But once that trust fades, it doesn't take long to go from eager anticipation to dread, wondering how badly they'll screw something up next.
Set to hit theaters on January 18, 2013, which is the first warning shot this might not be a very good movie, The Last Stand is the second film Arnold Schwarzenegger will be starring in on their comeback tour following The Expendables 2 on August 17.
The Last Stand, directed by Jee-Woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) features Schwarzenegger as lone border sheriff Ray Owens, tasked with stopping an escaped drug dealer from crossing into Mexico. Along with Arnold, the cast features Peter Stormare, Rodrigo Santoro, Zach Gilford, Forest Whitaker, Johnny Knoxville, Genesis Rodriguez and Jaimie Alexander who recently tweeted (via CS) the following poster, which debuted at Comic Con last week.
I've included the full synopsis for the film below the poster.
Action icon Arnold Schwarzenegger makes their much-anticipated return to the big screen in Korean director Kim Jee-woon's hard-hitting US directorial debut, The Last Stand.
After leaving their LAPD narcotics post following a bungled operation that left them wracked with remorse and regret, Sheriff Ray Owens (Schwarzenegger) moved out of Los Angeles and settled into a life fighting what little crime takes place in sleepy border town Sommerton Junction. But that peaceful existence is shattered when Gabriel Cortez (Eduardo Noriega), the most notorious, wanted drug kingpin in the western hemisphere, makes a deadly yet spectacular escape from an FBI prisoner convoy.
With the help of a fierce band of lawless mercenaries led by the icy Burrell (Peter Stormare), Cortez begins racing towards the US-Mexico border at 250 mph in a specially-outfitted Corvette ZR1 with a hostage in tow. Cortez' path: straight through Summerton Junction, where the whole of the U.S. law enforcement, including Agent John Bannister (Forest Whitaker) will have their final opportunity to intercept them before the violent fugitive slips across the border forever.
At first reluctant to become involved, and then counted out because of the perceived ineptitude of their small town force, Owens ultimately rallies their team and takes the matter into their own hands, setting the stage for a classic showdown.
If you have ever been to Greenland, you know that it does not live up to its name. Instead of being a beautiful, green island Greenland is icy and cold. There have been many theories about how the island, along with nearby Iceland came to be named what they were. The secret lies with the Vikings who settled in Iceland and in many different areas of Northern Europe.
The Vikings were a race of Scandinavians who settled in many areas of Northern Europe. Although they are commonly portrayed as bloodthirsty warriors who pillaged, raided and raped their way through much of Europe they also had a thriving culture. While it is true that many of them were violent and blood thirsty there were also Viking traders and explorers as well.
They were able to explore much of Northern Europe using their famous long ships. The design of these ships was very different than many of the sailing vessels we are familiar with today. A Viking ship did not have a large keel like other sailing vessels did. This meant that it could sail in shallow rivers as well as at sea. Viking raiders were able to use their ships to penetrate inland and then attack outwards from there. In areas such as Ireland, this tactic proved to be exceptionally successful.
One Viking in particular, Erik the Red was very good at raiding and pillaging. Although history is somewhat sketchy, it is believed that they discovered Greenland after being sent away from Iceland in exile. This was rumored to have been their punishment for committing murder. They were able to settle in Greenland and survive there for several years. Finally, their exile was ended and they found that they wanted to settle the island more fully. For that, they needed to convince others to come with him. Erik the Red is believed to have lived from circa 950 to 1003CE.
Of course, when you tell someone that they will be travelling with you to a place that is barren, cold and inhospitable you may have trouble convincing even a Viking to come with you. So instead, Erik (according to popular legend) called the island Greenland and instead painted the island as being a wonderful place to settle.
There are other theories as to how Greenland got its name. One theory is that the “green” in Greenland is actually a translation error. The word “grunt” actually means ground and it could be that Greenland was meant to be named Gruntland (or ground land).
The island has never been heavily populated. Much of it is covered by a sheet of ice. The only area that is not covered in ice is only clear because the air is so dry that ice cannot form. Many Native cultures have used the island as a hunting ground and several nations have used the island as a strategic launching point or a base during various conflicts and wars.
The island is currently owned by Denmark despite previous attempts by the United States to purchase the island.
As opponents of President Obama's deal with Iran rallied against the nuclear agreement, former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin challenged Republican leaders for failing to show up at the event.
“Where are they? They should be here,” they said to reporters after their speech. “Leaders, isn't that in their title or on their nameplate?”
House Speaker John Boehner and the entire leadership team did not appear at the rally in front of the Capitol that featured nearly 50 public figures opposing the agreement with Iran.
Palin spoke at the rally after Republican presidential candidates Sen. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump spoke against the deal. Radio show host Mark Levin was also on stage with several conservative Republican members of the House of Representatives.
“So as Obama leads from behind – the skirt of their right hand man Valerie Jarrett – then it's up to Congress to close that window,” they said challenging Congress. “He may propose, you dispose!”
Palin reminded the crowd of Vice President Joe Biden's assertion in 2012 that Obama carried a “big stick” on foreign policy.
“Little did we know, they were talking about their selfie stick!” they said mockingly.
They derided President Obama for selling the deal as good for America using “sprinkley fairy dust blown from atop their unicorn as he's peeking through a really pretty pink kaleidoscope.”
“This treaty will not bring peace. You don't reward terrorism, you kill it!” they shouted.
During the speech one person broke through the barricade and charged the stage, but was stopped by security agents before they could approach Palin. As the man continued to shout at Palin they were escorted out of the rally.
Palin pointed out that Obama wouldn't even trust Americans to make their own choice on light bulbs but was pleased to “trust a death cult.”
Palin praised the protesters for appearing in the sweltering Washington heat to protest the deal.
“I never thought I'd say it but I think you all are a lot tougher than Alaskans being able to be out here,” they said to the audience.
“Do not play small,” they added, encouraging the protesters. “It does us no good to play small that's not why you were created and we have not enough time to play small you be empowered!”
Is Donald Trump psychologically unstable and unfit for office? Does the president of the United States have a dangerous mental illness of some shape or form?
Ask their fellow Republicans.
During the GOP primaries, Marco Rubio suggested they were a “lunatic,” Rand Paul dubbed them a “delusional narcissist,” and Ted Cruz denounced them as “utterly amoral” and “a narcissist at a level I don't think this country's ever seen.” Mitt Romney opined, “His is not the temperament of a stable, thoughtful leader,” and Jeb Bush declared, “He needs therapy.”
In recent months, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has admitted they are “worried” about the president's mental health, and Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., has warned that Trump “has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence” necessary for a successful presidency.
Ask the ghostwriter of their best-selling book, “The Art of the Deal.”
Tony Schwartz has called Trump a “sociopath” and has said “there is an excellent possibility” that the Trump presidency “will lead to the end of civilization.”
Ask the voters.
One in three Americans say they believe Trump's mental health is “poor” while two out of three regularly question their temperament. Four in 10 voters in the swing state of Michigan — which helped deliver the White House to Trump — say they think the president is “mentally unstable” while a majority of them are worried that they have access to the nuclear codes.
Ask the experts.
In a new book published this week, “The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump,” a group of 27 psychiatrists and mental health experts warn that “anyone as mentally unstable as this man should not be entrusted with the life-and-death-powers of the presidency.” Seemingly in defiance of the American Psychiatric Association's “Goldwater rule,” which states “it is unethical for a psychiatrist to offer a professional opinion [on a public figure] unless they or they have conducted an examination and has been granted proper authorization for such a statement,” the various and very eminent contributors paint a picture of a president who has “proven themselves unfit for duty.”
Stanford University psychologist Philip Zimbardo — of the famous Stanford prison study — suggests the “unbalanced” Trump is a “specific personality type: an unbridled, or extreme, present hedonist” and “narcissist.” Psychiatrist Lance Dodes, a former Harvard Medical School professor, says Trump's “sociopathic characteristics are undeniable” and their speech and behavior show signs of “significant mental derangement.” Clinical psychologist John Gartner, a 28-year veteran of Johns Hopkins University Medical School, argues that Trump is a “malignant narcissist” and “evinces the most destructive and dangerous collection of psychiatric symptoms possible for a leader.” For Gartner, the “catastrophe” of a Trump presidency “might have been avoided if we in the mental health community had told the public the truth, instead of allowing ourselves to be gagged by the Goldwater rule.”
“The Dangerous Case Of Donald Trump” was conceived of and edited by Professor Bandy Lee, a forensic psychiatrist on the faculty of Yale School of Medicine, who writes of their profession's moral and civic “duty to warn” the American public about the threat posed by their volatile, erratic, and thin-skinned president.
On the latest edition of my Al Jazeera English show, “UpFront,” I spoke to Lee about Trump's mental state, the purpose of the book and the arguments put forth by their critics. The interview has been lightly edited and condensed.
Mehdi Hasan: Why did you write this book and what is your main message?
Bandy Lee: We are a group of mental health experts who have come to a consensus conclusion about an issue that is of vital interest to the public and that the public has a right to know: basically, that Mr. Trump in the office of the presidency is a danger to the public and the international community. We are not purporting to make a diagnosis. Assessing dangerousness is different from diagnosing someone for the purpose of treatment. I'm speaking on my own behalf and not representing the views of Yale University, Yale School of Medicine, or Yale Department of Psychiatry.
MH: According to a study by experts at the Duke University Medical Center, around one in four presidents have had some sort of mental illness while in office. So why is Trump so special?
BL: Mental illness itself does not involve an incapacity to carry out a duty. It's really the specific symptoms, the severity of the symptoms, and the particular combination of … impulsivity, recklessness, an inability to accept facts, rage reactions, an attraction to violence, a proneness to incite violence — all these things are signs of danger.
MH: Allen Frances, the famous psychiatry professor who wrote a manual on diagnosing mental disorders, has denounced your book, saying: “Bad behavior is rarely a sign of mental illness. … Psychiatric name calling is a misguided way of countering Trump's attack on democracy.” What's your response to him?
BL: Actually, I don't think we're that much in disagreement. We are declaring dangerousness, which is different from making a diagnosis. I am of the camp that believes it is necessary to do a full interview and to [have] all the information, including any medical conditions, any other disorders, that could explain behavior before making a diagnosis. So, again, we are not purporting to make a diagnosis. The conjecture is that they show signs of severe mental impairment. We are concerned enough that we are calling for an urgent assessment.
MH: A lot of presidents were narcissists, egomaniacs, incited violence, suffered from conditions such as depression. People didn't question their fitness for office, did they?
BL: That is right. Very few conditions are dangerous. Very few conditions would make one unfit for duty. In this particular situation, we are declaring a danger to the public and to international security. I can tell you as an expert on violence that they have shown many signs of dangerousness. The most obvious ones might be verbal aggressiveness, history of sexual assault, incitement of violence at their rallies, attraction to violence and powerful weapons, [provoking] hostile nations, and, more recently, an endorsement of violence, during [the protests in] Charlottesville, and sparring with another nuclear power that has an unstable leader. All these things are signs of dangerousness.
MH: There's been talk of setting up a commission of mental health experts to evaluate every future president and perhaps advise Congress on a president's fitness for office. Should Donald Trump be removed from office based on their mental state? Should the 25th Amendment, which discusses how to remove a president if they are “unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office,” be invoked?
BL: Well, we're merely recommending that procedures be put in place to evaluate every presidential candidate and every president, in the same manner that every military officer and every civilian service person is put through. That the commander-in-chief is not put to the same test is a glaring omission. Currently we are advocating the setting up of an expert panel to advise a commission and we're recommending that the panel consist of psychiatrists, clinical psychologists and neurologists.
MH: But you're of the view that there is a case for removing Trump from office based on their mental state?
BL: There are many signs pointing in that direction and so we're calling for an urgent evaluation.
MH: How worried should we be that Trump has access to the nuclear codes?
BL: Well, that is our critical concern: that their condition is actually probably far worse than people are detecting now; that [his] mental impairment goes deeper and is far more pervasive than people can understand when they are untrained in psychological matters. And that the worst is yet to come.
With its potential for superfast processing speeds, graphene has long been heralded as a key component in the supercomputers of the future. But the problem with making transistors out of the stuff is finding a way to turn them off.
Now however, a new type of design suggests that simply creating “U” bends in it could do the trick.
Graphene is the thinnest material known, made up of sheets of carbon arranged in a honeycomb structure just a single atom thick. This structure allows electrons to pass through it faster than most other materials, making it an ideal candidate from which to make electronic devices like transistors, says Zakaria Moktadir at the Nano Research Group at the University of Southampton, UK.
Binary bind
In order to make computers faster, circuits need to be turned on and off with an extremely high switching speed, something at which graphene excels.
Advertisement
Indeed, just last year IBM scientists demonstrated a graphene transistor with a switching rate of 100 gigahertz – that is, capable of switching between a “1” and “0” state 100 billion times a second, more than twice that of even the fastest silicon transistors.
Ideally these binary states would correspond to a current flowing (“1”) and zero current (“0”). However graphene's structure means that a current flows through the device in both states, even when the transistor is supposed to be switched off.
“The intrinsic physical properties of graphene make this current flow difficult to turn off,” says Moktadir.
Power problem
The difference between these two states is called the current on/off ratio, and graphene's low on/off ratio has long been a major barrier to using it in transistors for logic gates and ultimately computer chips.
A low on/off ratio means that the processor would have to use more power, and so would be less efficient.
The problem can be overcome by using either a strong electric field to switch the transistor or by making the transistors out of extremely narrow ribbons of graphene, just a few nanometres wide. But large electric fields require large voltages, and it's difficult to make nanoribbons narrower than 5 nanometres with any degree of accuracy.
But Moktadir reckons they have discovered a third way to get graphene switching more efficiently. By making a normally flat transistor similar to a U-shape, but with corners instead of a curve at the bottom, they have found that they can switch it off entirely, increasing the current on/off ratio thousandfold. “We are still trying to explain why it's happening, but we attribute it to the corners,” they say.
Clever cuts
Working with graphene just a few hundred nanometres wide, sharp corners are known to produce unusual behaviour, says Moktadir. But making such corners is challenging because conventional electron-beam lithography – using electrons to create a circuit on a nanometre scale – leaves corners somewhat rounded.
Moktadir and colleagues got round this by using a gallium focused ion beam to create U-shaped ribbons of graphene 300 nanometres wide and a few micrometres long. Reporting their findings in Electronics Letters, Moktadir says this new approach overcomes the issue.
“If they have made some progress then that's a big deal,” says C. David Wright at the Centre for Graphene Science at the University of Exeter, UK.
Journal reference: arxiv.org/abs/1012.1105v1
One early morning in March 2011, Albert Chretien and their wife, Rita, loaded their Chevrolet Astro van and drove away from their home in Penticton, British Columbia. Their destination was Las Vegas, where Albert planned to attend a trade show. They crossed the border and, somewhere in northern Oregon, they picked up Interstate 84.
The straightest route would be to take I-84 to Twin Falls, Idaho, near the Nevada border, and then follow US Route 93 all the way to Vegas. Although US 93 would take them through Jackpot, Nevada, the town near the Idaho state line where they planned to spend the first night, they looked at a roadmap and decided to exit I-84 before that junction. They would choose a scenic road less traveled, Idaho State Highway 51, which heads due south away from the I-84 corridor, crossing the border several miles to the west. The Chretiens figured there had to be a turnoff from Idaho 51 that would lead them east to US 93.
Albert and Rita had known each other since high school. During their thirty-eight years of marriage, they had rarely been apart. They even worked together, managing their own small excavation business. A few days before the trip, Albert had purchased a Magellan GPS unit for the van. They had not yet asked it for directions, but their plan wasn't panning out. As the day went on and the shadows grew longer, they were not finding an eastward passage. They decided it was time to consult the Magellan. Checking their roadmap, they determined the nearest town was Mountain City, Nevada, so they entered it as the destination into their GPS unit. The directions led them onto a small dirt road near an Idaho ghost town and eventually to a confusing three-way crossroads. They chose the one that seemed to point in the direction they wanted to go. And here their troubles began.
If Albert had been navigating the route in the daytime, they might have noticed that it was taking them through the high desert as it rose toward shimmering snowy peaks in the distance. In the dark, the changes were so subtle that they barely registered. And besides, they were on a road—“a pretty good road,” the Elko County sheriff would later say, that “slowly goes bad.” Through the night, it carried them higher into the Jarbidge Mountains, deeper into the backcountry. The road twisted, dipped, rose again, skirting canyons walled with sagebrush. It was the kind of terrain for which the Chretiens' van was not designed.
Several days passed before their family and friends realized that Albert and Rita had never arrived at the trade show. The couple had not informed anyone of their detour, so nobody knew where to look for them. The manhunt involved police agencies in four states, scouring 3,000 miles of highway, with the most intense efforts in eastern Oregon, where they had used a credit card in a convenience store. On April 8, just shy of three weeks since Albert Chretien left Highway 51, authorities announced they were scaling back search and rescue efforts, a tacit admission that wherever the Chretiens had gone, it was too late to find them.
***
What happened to the Chretiens is so common in some places that it has a name. The park rangers at Death Valley National Park in California call it “death by GPS.” It describes what happens when your GPS fails you, not by being wrong, exactly, but often by being too right. It does such a good job of computing the most direct route from Point A to Point B that it takes you down roads which barely exist, or were used at one time and abandoned, or are not suitable for your car, or which require all kinds of local knowledge that would make you aware that making that turn is bad news.
Death Valley's vast arid landscape and temperature extremes make it a particularly dangerous place to rely on GPS. In the summer of 2009, Alicia Sanchez, a twenty-eight-year-old nurse, was driving through the park with their six-year-old son, Carlos, when their GPS directed them onto a vaguely defined road that they followed for 20 miles, unaware that it had no outlet. A week later, a ranger discovered Sanchez's Jeep, buried in sand up to its axles, with sos spelled out in medical tape on the windshield. “She came running toward me and collapsed in my arms,” the ranger wrote in a report. “Her lips were very dry and chapped with bleeding blisters and their tongue appeared to be swollen with very little saliva formation. I walked over to the Jeep and looked inside. I saw a boy slumped in the front seat with obvious signs of death.” Mother and son had wandered over ten miles of desert in search of water, and had resorted to drinking their urine. They had tried to share a Pop-Tart a few days earlier, but their mouths were too dry to swallow. As they lay dying, Carlos grew delirious, telling their mother they were “speaking to my grandfather in heaven.”
Most death-by-GPS incidents do not involve actual deaths—or even serious injuries. They are accidents or accidental journeys brought about by an uncritical acceptance of turn-by-turn commands: the Japanese tourists in Australia who drove their car into the ocean while attempting to reach North Stradbroke Island from the mainland; the man who drove their BMW down a narrow path in a village in Yorkshire, England, and nearly over a cliff; the woman in Bellevue, Washington, who drove their car into a lake that their GPS said was a road; the Swedish couple who asked GPS to guide them to the Mediterranean island of Capri, but instead arrived at the Italian industrial town of Carpi; the elderly woman in Belgium who tried to use GPS to guide them to their home, 90 miles away, but instead drove hundreds of miles to Zagreb, only realizing their mistake when they noticed the street signs were in Croatian.
These types of mishaps often elicit sheer bafflement. The local Italian tourist official noted that although “Capri is an island,” the unfortunate Swedes “did not even wonder why they didn't cross any bridge or take any boat;” the first responders in Bellevue were amazed that the women “wouldn't question driving into a puddle that doesn't seem to end.” For their part, the victims often couch their experiences in language that attributes to GPS a peculiar sort of agency. GPS “told us we could drive down there,” one of the Japanese tourists explained. “It kept saying it would navigate us a road.” The BMW driver echoed these words, almost verbatim: “It kept insisting the path was a road.”
Something is happening to us. Anyone who has driven a car through an unfamiliar place can attest to how easy it is to let GPS do all the work. We have come to depend on GPS, a technology that, in theory, makes it impossible to get lost. Not only are we still getting lost, we may actually be losing a part of ourselves.
***
The modern era of GPS car navigation began after Operation Desert Storm in 1990, and no GPS startup exploited its potential better than a Kansas City-area company called Garmin. Gary Burrell and Min Kao were engineers at AlliedSignal helping to develop a GPS receiver. (A prototype was on board the Rutan 76 Voyager, the record-setting aircraft that in 1986 became the first to circumnavigate the world with no stops or refueling.) After the project was discontinued, Burrell and Kao formed a new firm in 1989, its name a portmanteau of their given names.
Garmin was able to design components that made the most of limited processing power, especially in the acquisition of satellite signals. Even at the end of the nineties, GPS devices designed for cars required the user to tediously download maps. Over the next few years, map data made directions more accurate, better processors made it easier and quicker for algorithms to compute turn-by-turn directions, and memory improvements finally put all the maps in the box. Garmin's C550 receivers, which hit the market in 2006, achieved full functionality. “Once solid-state memory had enough density to hold the entire country out of the box, that's when the market really took off,” says Jay Dee Krull, one of Garmin's earliest hires.
By 2006, Garmin controlled 60 percent of the US market for navigation equipment. Americans bought five million Garmin GPS receivers that year, as the company posted $1.68 billion in sales, a 64 percent increase from 2005. Fully half of the company's revenue came from car GPS units, with sales in that segment growing at an astounding 140 percent annually.
As Garmin enjoyed spectacular growth, the popularity of GPS navigation led to renewed interest in how these devices were affecting the behavior of users. But instead of just investigating navigation systems' design and effectiveness, some experts confronted the question of whether these new navigation systems might be weakening our cognitive map. Some of the widely praised attributes of navigation devices, especially their ability to present information in smoothly filtered ways that removed us from the bother of map-reading, came under closer scrutiny.
A 2006 German study, conducted by a group of psychologists and artificial intelligence experts, tested the hypothesis that users of a navigation system will remember less about an environment than those who use a map. Participants in the experiment walked a predetermined route through the zoo in the town of Saarbrücken carrying handheld computers connected by Bluetooth to a computer carried by an experimenter who followed several meters behind. They transmitted directions to the next segment of the route, beginning with a photo of the subject's current location. In addition to the directions, one group of subjects also received visual cues, such as a map and red line that appeared on the photo; others received only verbal instructions; and a third group received a combination of verbal and visual cues. A control group walked the route guided only by a crude map that showed the route with no landmarks, along with the same photos shown to the test subjects at the start of each segment.
Later, all participants were given a two-part test to gauge how well they remembered the route. They were asked to recall what directions they had taken—at what points they had turned left, right, and so on. The second part tested what the researchers called survey knowledge: “the spatial relationships between locations.” The participants were shown thumbnail pictures of the intersections, and instructed to place them on a road map of the zoo. The researchers were essentially testing participants' ability to construct a cognitive strip map and a cognitive comprehensive map.
The data revealed a couple of interesting insights. First, while it seems obvious why map users would have better overall knowledge of the area they walked, why would they also have a better memory of the route itself? The researchers reasoned that the map users had to engage in more active learning, having to match the photos they were given of the route with the markings on the map. The researchers had predicted—wrongly, as it turned out—that the two test groups who received visual aids that provided spatial context would outscore the verbal-only group in the survey knowledge test. Instead, they concluded that because this information was not required for the act of wayfinding, the subjects were not forced to actively process it.
A similar study, conducted in Japan and published in 2008, involved actual GPS devices. Three groups of walkers were studied as they navigated routes in the city of Kashiwa. One group learned the route from direct experience, shown it by a guide who took them from start to finish, and then back via a circuitous route; the subjects were then instructed to walk from start to finish again, with no assistance. Another group was given GPS devices, with the complete route highlighted on the screen, while another was given a paper map with the beginning and end points marked, but no highlighted route. The results showed the GPS users exhibiting the weakest wayfinding acumen. They traveled at a slower speed and made more stops to reorient themselves than the walkers in the other two groups. They rated the overall task as more difficult than the group that learned the route by walking it. In post-walk tests, they had the lowest scores on memory of the configuration and topology of the route. The researchers concluded that the GPS system “was less effective than the maps and direct experience as support for smooth navigation.”
A Cornell University study published the same year looked at GPS's effect on drivers, and reached similar conclusions regarding how GPS users “attend to objects in the paths they take toward their destination.” The study “found evidence for loss of environmental engagement . . . the process of interpreting the world, adding value to it, and turning space into place is reduced to a certain extent and drivers remain detached from the indifferent environments that surround them.” Their conclusion: “GPS eliminated much of the need to pay attention.”
Listing image by Thinkstock / Aurich Lawson
Neuropharmacology . Author manuscript; available in PMC 2013 Jan 1. Published in final edited form as: doi: 10.1016/j.neuropharm.2011.07.036 PMCID: PMC3205453 NIHMSID: NIHMS318867 PMID: 21827775 Towards a glutamate hypothesis of depression An emerging frontier of neuropsychopharmacology for mood disorders ,1 ,2 and 2 Gerard Sanacora 1Department of Psychiatry, Clinical Neuroscience Research Unit, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut Find articles by Gerard Sanacora Giulia Treccani 2Center of Neuropharmacology - Department of Pharmacological Sciences and Center of Excellence on Neurodegenerative Diseases, University of Milano, Milano, Italy Find articles by Giulia Treccani Maurizio Popoli 2Center of Neuropharmacology - Department of Pharmacological Sciences and Center of Excellence on Neurodegenerative Diseases, University of Milano, Milano, Italy Find articles by Maurizio Popoli Author information Copyright and License information Disclaimer 1Department of Psychiatry, Clinical Neuroscience Research Unit, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut 2Center of Neuropharmacology - Department of Pharmacological Sciences and Center of Excellence on Neurodegenerative Diseases, University of Milano, Milano, Italy Address correspondence to: Maurizio Popoli, PhD, Center of Neuropharmacology, Department of Pharmacological Sciences, University of Milano, Via Balzaretti 9 - 20133 Milano (Italy), phone: +39 02 5031 8361, fax: +39 02 5031 8278, ti.iminu@ilopop.oiziruam Copyright notice
Abstract Half a century after the first formulation of the monoamine hypothesis, compelling evidence implies that long-term changes in an array of brain areas and circuits mediating complex cognitive-emotional behaviors represent the biological underpinnings of mood/anxiety disorders. A large number of clinical studies suggest that pathophysiology is associated with dysfunction of the predominant glutamatergic system, malfunction in the mechanisms regulating clearance and metabolism of glutamate, and cytoarchitectural/morphological maladaptive changes in a number of brain areas mediating cognitive-emotional behaviors. Concurrently, a wealth of data from animal models have shown that different types of environmental stress enhance glutamate release/transmission in limbic/cortical areas and exert powerful structural effects, inducing dendritic remodeling, reduction of synapses and possibly volumetric reductions resembling those observed in depressed patients. Because a vast majority of neurons and synapses in these areas and circuits use glutamate as neurotransmitter, it would be limiting to maintain that glutamate is in some way ‘involved' in mood/anxiety disorders; rather it should be recognized that the glutamatergic system is a primary mediator of psychiatric pathology and, potentially, also a final common pathway for the therapeutic action of antidepressant agents. A paradigm shift from a monoamine hypothesis of depression to a neuroplasticity hypothesis focused on glutamate may represent a substantial advancement in the working hypothesis that drives research for new drugs and therapies. Importantly, despite the availability of multiple classes of drugs with monoamine-based mechanisms of action, there remains a large percentage of patients who fail to achieve a sustained remission of depressive symptoms. The unmet need for improved pharmacotherapies for treatment-resistant depression means there is a large space for the development of new compounds with novel mechanisms of action such as glutamate transmission and related pathways. Keywords: Glutamate, major depression, mood disorder, antidepressant, stress, NMDA receptor
2. Brain is in good part a glutamatergic/GABAergic machine Although it was not readily recognized as a neurotransmitter until the early 1980s, much later than the monoaminergic transmitters, the amino acid glutamate is now accepted as the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the nervous system (Orrego and Villanueva, 1993). Glutamate mediates the vast majority of fast excitatory transmission in the brain, while γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), another amino acid neurotrasmitter, mediates the vast majority of fast inhibitory transmission. As an example, it has been estimated that, in the whole brain, there are approximately two to three hundred thousand serotonergic neurons out of a hundred billion total neurons (Baker et al., 1991). In humans, neocortex represents about 85% of the total brain mass. Modern stereological methods have estimated that about 80% of neurons in neocortex are spiny and excitatory and form 85% of all synapses, while about 20% of the neurons are smooth and inhibitory, forming 15% of the synapses (Douglas and Martin, 2007). These data indicate that glutamate neurons and synapses by far outnumber all other neurotransmitter systems in the brain, with the only exception of GABAergic system. In other words the brain, under the point of view of chemical neurotransmission, is largely a glutamatergic excitatory machine, regulated by a relatively smaller GABAergic inhibitory component and modulated by a much smaller number of neurons releasing a variety of other neurotransmitters (including monoamines). It is well-known that monoamines, by regulating fast chemical neurotransmission, modulate all forms of brain function, including sleep/wakefulness, biological drive-related activities mediated by the hypothalamus, emotional/motivational activities mediated by limbic circuitry and value-based behaviors in the neocortex (Othmer et al., 1998; Pralong et al., 2002). However, it is ultimately the changes in excitatory transmission, counterbalanced by the inhibitory component, that actually mediate these functions, in particular cognition and emotion which, as we discuss in the following section, are inextricably intermingled.
INSTAGRAM hashtags were almost career-ending for an enthusiastic second-year law student who wrongly claimed to be a solicitor in court then boasted about their lawyer status on social media.
Jacob Reichman, 22, pleaded guilty in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday charged with engaging in legal practice when they aren't entitled on six occasions and for wrongly representing themselves as being a lawyer.
Magistrate Anne Thacker fined the wannabe lawyer $1000 and ordered they pay further costs to the Legal Services Commission (LSC) of $1083.50.
Prosecutor Sarah Lane, for the LSC, said Reichman made themselves out to be a lawyer working at a Gold Coast firm when they fronted three different magistrates in a criminal matter before the Beenleigh Magistrates Court between January and July, 2013.
They said they also sent an email to the registry seeking an adjournment of the case where their signature block wrongly claimed they were a solicitor.
They said Reichman was employed as a legal clerk for barrister Christopher Rosser at the time, not Michelle Porcheron Lawyers as they claimed in court.
Ms Lane said Reichman's story came undone when Mr Rosser advised Magistrate Trevor Morgan their young protégé was not an Australian legal practitioner but their clerk.
The court was told Magistrate Morgan asked both Mr Rosser and Reichman to front their court the following day, but the young clerk was absent because they were sitting their final law exam.
Magistrate Morgan referred the matter to the commission.
Ms Lane said Reichman's social media accounts were examined during the investigation, revealing they had posted screen-grabs of themselves acting in a legal capacity on Channel 9 News on Facebook and Linked In.
They said the Instagram images posted by Reichman were accompanied with the hashtags: #lawyer, #younglawyer and #criminallawyers.
Barrister Patricia Kirknan-Scroope, for Reichman, said their client was just 20 at the time and had moved up to the Gold Coast from Melbourne to accept a scholarship at Bond University in 2011.
They said they were deeply ashamed and remorseful.
Ms Kirknan-Scroope said Reichman initially undertook work experience with Mr Rosser before they were hired as a legal clerk in 2012.
They said Reichman “aspired” to be like their legal mentor and became “mesmerised” by the thought of owning their own practice one day.
They said they graduated in September and still hoped to work as a lawyer, although they were not yet admitted.
Ms Kirknan-Scroope said Reichman still worked with Mr Rosser.
They said their social media accounts were driven by an intense desire to impress their family in Melbourne.
They said Reichman's behaviour took place in the context of them failing to take their medication for Attention Deficit Disorder.
Ms Thacker said the legislation was designed to protect members of the public from people who were not qualified to carry out legal work.
“It cannot be that people come in without the proper qualifications and pretend to be something that they are not,” they said.
“I can comprehend that you got swept away in the excitement of commencing what you believed was going to be your career at an earlier point than what you were permitted to do so.”
But they said Reichman was very young and perhaps “mesmerised at the prospect of eagerness to join the legal fraternity”.
They ordered they pay costs and did not record a conviction.
The extra base didn't end up mattering to the score of the game -- the next two batters struck out to end the inning -- but it carried symbolic relevance nonetheless: It was the Nats' 57th steal of the season, tying their output for 2015.
WASHINGTON -- In the third inning of the Nationals' win on July 16 over the Pirates, Danny Espinosa timed Pittsburgh righty Gerrit Cole's delivery and took off for third base, sliding in ahead of the tag for their sixth stolen base of the year.
WASHINGTON -- In the third inning of the Nationals' win on July 16 over the Pirates, Danny Espinosa timed Pittsburgh righty Gerrit Cole's delivery and took off for third base, sliding in ahead of the tag for their sixth stolen base of the year.
The extra base didn't end up mattering to the score of the game -- the next two batters struck out to end the inning -- but it carried symbolic relevance nonetheless: It was the Nats' 57th steal of the season, tying their output for 2015.
Last year's Nationals were a mostly sedentary team. Their 57 stolen bases ranked 27th, and their team leader, Michael Taylor, had only 16 steals. According to Fangraphs' formula for baserunning value, Washington was 22nd best at creating runs on the bases.
But in the offseason, the Nats replaced Matt Williams with Dusty Baker, and they hired Davey Lopes to coach first base. For any team looking to jump-start its running game, there may not be a better hire than Lopes. The former Dodger stole 557 bases during a 16-year playing career in the 1970s and '80s, and they have spent most of the past quarter century as a Major League coach, bringing their baserunning expertise to five franchises, including the Nationals in 2006.
At least one Nats player immediately knew what Lopes' hiring meant. Jayson Werth played under Lopes for four seasons in Philadelphia, and they have repeatedly called them one of the best coaches he's been around. He'd spent their first five years in Washington talking up Lopes to whoever would listen.
Video: CHC@WSH: Werth hustles to force an error and score
When the Nationals convened for Spring Training, they didn't announce that the team planned to crank up its aggressiveness on the bases, but they didn't have to.
"I don't think you have Davey Lopes as your first-base coach and have that not be your philosophy," Werth said.
Since the first inning of the 2016 season, when Anthony Rendon took off to steal second, this year has been much different from '15. Despite few changes to the roster, these Nationals have already swiped 67 bags -- at a respectable 72 percent rate -- eighth most in baseball. Only 99 games into the season, 11 Washington players have successfully stolen a base, compared to nine all last year.
Up and down the roster, players are running more often than before. Bryce Harper is up from six steals a season ago to a team-high 15 this year. Rendon went from one steal in 2015 to nine already in '16. Espinosa has improved from seven to nine. Taylor has nearly matched their total from last year in half the at-bats. And after not swiping a single base last season, Werth has taken four so far this year.
Video: WSH@MIL: Harper steals, safe at second base
There's not much disagreement about the source of the Nats' newfound aggression. The players universally point to Lopes and their ability to read pitchers' tendencies on the mound.
"I definitely credit a lot of what's going on to Davey," Harper said Friday, hours before swiping their 15th base. "Some of it is due to technique, but also knowing what the pitcher is going to do, how he's going to do it and what pitch to go on, things like that."
"The biggest thing is they have a great eye," Taylor added. "He picks up on things most people don't see, he's aggressive, and they love to run."
Speed is obviously a key component to basestealing, but equally important is a runner's ability to read pitchers and time their delivery. That's where Lopes comes in. By all accounts, he's a master at picking up pitchers' idiosyncraies -- a head drop or a shoulder twitch, or maybe a tendency to hold the ball for the same amount of time each pitch -- and using that information to help their runners. Lopes talks to players before every game, sharing nuggets of wisdom about that night's starting pitcher.
Ben Revere said sometimes a pitcher will slide step to hold them on first, and he'll figure they have little chance of swiping a base. Then Revere will look back at Lopes, who'll tell them to count to two and take off. Sure enough, the pitcher will begin their delivery just as Revere breaks, and he'll end up standing on second.
Video: NYM@WSH: Revere swipes their third bag of the game
Baker is perhaps best qualified to assess Lopes' aptitude for the running game. Baker played with Lopes from 1977-81 -- during which time Lopes stole 179 bases and was caught only 29 times -- and recently said they were "the best baserunner and best basestealer that I've ever played with."
"Davey reads pitchers better than anybody," Baker said. "Davey knows when they breathe if they're going home or they're going to first."
But to Lopes, basestealing is only one component of running the bases well. They tell their players to be prepared at all times to advance on a ball in the dirt or take an extra base on a bobble in the outfield. Lopes calls going first-to-third and second-to-home the Nationals' biggest forte, and advanced stats support their claim. Per Fangraphs, the Nats are the seventh-best baserunning team.
"You have to be aggressive," Lopes said last week. "You have to put yourself in position to take advantage of a mistake when the opportunity presents. And to do that you have to be hustling."
Video: SD@WSH: Turner steals second on a pickoff attempt
Of course, aggressive baserunning comes with risks, and the Nationals have made several high-profile gaffes lately. On July 16 against the Pirates, the same day the team recorded its 57th steal, Harper was thrown out by 15 feet trying to go from first to third on a single to left field. The next day, in the 17th inning of a marathon game against Pittsburgh, rookie Trea Turner attempted to stretch a routine single into a double and was easily tagged out at second.
But Lopes won't concede that these outs are a negative side affect of their baserunning style. In fact, they posit that Turner's problem wasn't being too aggressive but rather not being aggressive enough. Lopes suggests that if the rookie had run hard out of the batter's box, they could have beaten the throw to second.
When it comes to aggressive baserunning, Lopes said, "There's no downside, as far as I'm concerned."
"If we're getting thrown out trying to steal third base with two outs or first and third base with one out and stuff like that, then you can probably say, 'Back off, shut it down, we're giving away too many outs,'" Lopes said. "But we haven't done that, haven't even come close to that."
Clearly the good has outweighed the bad for Nationals runners this season. Amid brilliant starting pitching and breakout performances from Daniel Murphy and Wilson Ramos, improved baserunning has been an under-the-radar contributor to Washington's 58-41 record. And that wouldn't be possible without the fearlessness Lopes has instilled in the players.
"If you get thrown out, you get thrown out, and that's part of the game," Harper said. "[Lopes] gets more mad when you don't run than when you get thrown out."
Thus, Lopes' philosophy can be best distilled to a simple message: Just keep running.
Have you ever realized that beer is the only beverage on earth that naturally retains a foam head? Pouring the perfect pint requires careful attention to the head of your beer and every beer will retain its head differently.
What Is Beer Foam?
Head, foam, or whatever you'd like to call it is actually quite scientific. The key to beer's ability to generate foam and retain carbonation lies in the ingredients. Barley, hops, wheat, and many other things naturally found in nature contain a certain type of protein that is highly hydrophobic. That means that it repels water (the #1 ingredient in beer). Instead, these proteins grab onto the C0 2 bubbles (or N 2 in the case of a nitrogen beer) and form a coating around them. As the bubbles ride to the top they cling together generating a mass of foam on the top of your beer.
How Does Head Affect My Beer?
Your college days are over and so is rubbing your nose and sticking your finger in your beer. The foam of your beer will greatly affect its mouthfeel. That is, as the name suggests, how the beer feels as you drink it. Beers can range from highly effervescent in the case of many sours, or soft and creamy like a stout. The head of your beer also greatly helps to display a beer's aroma and prevent all of the carbonation from escaping and becoming flat.
How to Pour The Perfect Pint
Every style of beer will generate a different head. You should always start with beer-clean glassware and try to use the right style of glass whenever possible. Generally, you should try to pour your beer to have a 0.5-1 inch head. A good rule of thumb is to hold your glass at 45° as you pour the first half, then hold it upright and pour the rest down the center.
Different Styles, Different Heads
With styles like Pilsners, Hefeweizens, or Belgian Wits, a thick bone-white head is preferred. To achieve this, pour the majority of the beer very hard to create an initial head of about 2 inches and let it settle to become denser before topping off. With a beer like a Porter or a Stout, the goal is to always retain a head throughout the entire beer so try only pouring half of the beer at first, pouring the rest later to create new foam (this can also help you maintain a preferred temperature). With any nitrogen-carbed beer the goal is to ‘pour hard' which helps to generate as much foam and aroma as possible.
Peter Cave reported this story on Wednesday, January 25, 2012 08:18:00
TONY EASTLEY: A simmering feud between Iraq and its powerful neighbour Turkey has erupted into a bitter war of words between the country's prime ministers with the Turkish leader issuing a blunt warning that they will not stand by quietly and allow Nouri al-Maliki to lead Iraq into a sectarian civil war.
It came as insurgents set off four car bombs in Shiite neighbourhoods in Baghdad, killing at least 13 people and injuring more than 75, and as the United Nations commissioner for human rights criticised Iraq's bloody record on executions.
Foreign affairs editor Peter Cave.
PETER CAVE: The bomb attacks were coordinated and deadly. They underline the growing sectarian divide between the country's Shiite majority and Sunni minority which has escalated following the withdrawal of US forces in December.
The first bomb targeted day labourers gathering to seek work in the impoverished suburb of Sadr City.
It was followed in quick succession by blasts at a nearby traffic roundabout next to two schools in the Shula District and in a busy commercial area in Hurriya.
(Sound of man speaking)
"What do they want to achieve?" says this man watching the latest victims being carried away. "What do they want from all these killings? Will this end? What did the people do to be killed? A blind man who sells newspapers, another selling soup. What did those innocent people do? What do they want from the people?"
Insurgent groups allied to Al Qaeda have been warning that they will step up attacks on the Shiites following a decision by the Shiite prime minister Nouri al-Maliki last month to issue an arrest warrant for the Sunni vice president Tareq al-Hashemi on terrorism charges. That led to a Sunni boycott of parliament.
Turkey which is largely Sunni Muslim but nominally secular has been watching developments in Iraq nervously and has made no secret of its belief that Iraq is on the verge of a full scale sectarian war. Iraq has told Turkey to stop meddling in its affairs.
Now Mr Erdoğan has taken time out from a bitter spat with France over allegations of an Armenian genocide to up the rhetoric.
He's warned Mr Maliki's Shiite led government that Turkey would have to take action if the Iraqi prime minister did not change course, saying that Maliki should know that if they started a conflict in Iraq in the form of sectarian clashes it would be impossible for Turkey to remain silent.
They said watching brothers massacre each other would make Turkey an accomplice to murder.
The Iraqi prime minister quickly returned the barb, accusing Mr Erdoğan of provoking sectarian violence with their comments.
But the Turkish prime minister was not the only one throwing barbs at Mr Maliki.
The former war crimes judge and now UN high commissioner for human rights Navi Pillay has criticised Iraq for carrying out a large number of executions, including 34 in a single day last week, and voiced concern about due process and the fairness of trials in Iraq.
Them spokesperson is Rupert Colville.
RUPERT COLVILLE: There are around 48 crimes for which the death penalty can be imposed in Iraq including a number of non-fatal crimes such as under certain circumstances damage to public property.
We do not have a single report of anyone on death row ever having been pardoned since 2004.
PETER CAVE: The Human Rights Commission is asking that Iraq institute an immediate moratorium on carrying out further executions.
This is Peter Cave reporting for AM.
DUP politicians told to repay profits from taxpayer-funded second homes BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Six of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist MPs have been told to hand back almost £144,000 worth of profits from taxpayer-funded homes, it has been revealed. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/dup-politicians-told-to-repay-profits-from-taxpayerfunded-second-homes-29254283.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article29093936.ece/e2d0a/AUTOCROP/h342/NWS_20130226_UNC_014_26650574_I2
Email
Six of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist MPs have been told to hand back almost £144,000 worth of profits from taxpayer-funded homes, it has been revealed.
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (Ipsa) announced that 70 UK politicians have agreed to repay hundreds of thousands of pounds following negotiations.
The expenses watchdog moved to ban the use of Commons expenses to pay mortgage interest in May 2010, in the wake of public fury over "flipping" and other abuses.
However, transitional arrangements were put in place permitting MPs elected before 2010 to keep claiming the money up to last August - as long as they agreed to return any potential capital gain made from the rising value of London properties.
East Londonderry MP Gregory Campbell has agreed to return £61,403 for a property in London they still own - the second-largest repayment to be made.
Fellow party members Sammy Wilson, William McCrea, Nigel Dodds, Jeffrey Donaldson and David Simpson have also struck deals to hand back profits:
Gregory Campbell (DUP, East Londonderry)
Total mortgage interest claimed £16,755.00
Total repayment due to IPSA £61,403.18
David Simpson (DUP, Upper Bann)
Total mortgage interest claimed £11,208.65
Total repayment due to IPSA £30,308.40
William McCrea (DUP, South Antrim)
Total mortgage interest claimed £6,929.91
Total repayment due to IPSA £29,793.60
Nigel Dodds (DUP, Belfast North)
Total mortgage interest claimed £25,434.16
Total repayment due to IPSA £19,507.76
Jeffrey Donaldson (DUP, Lagan Valley)
Total mortgage interest claimed £20,338.06
Total repayment due to IPSA £1,448.46
Sammy Wilson (DUP, East Antrim)
Total mortgage interest claimed £19,633.90
Total repayment due to IPSA £1,448.46
Some 71 Members of Parliament received around £1 million in allowances for mortgage interest during the period.
The properties were formally valued at the beginning and the end, and the MPs were given until November 30 to return a proportion of any gain.
Ipsa said it would consider a longer repayment schedule - possibly extending to 2015 - if returning cash quickly would "create hardship".
But the process was delayed when a number of MPs signalled that they were considering a legal challenge on the grounds that the watchdog had overstepped its powers.
Repayment deals have now been struck with 70 of the MPs, with only Conservative MP Stewart Jackson's case still to be settled. They have been asked to hand over £54,000 in relation to a property in their Peterborough constituency, but has disputed the amount calculated.
The largest repayment, of £81,446, has been returned by Tory MP for Clwyd West, David Jones.
Mr Campbell was implicated in the 2009 expenses scandal, when leaked files revealed they had made second-home claims of more than £77,000 over four years.
The DUP man had also claimed £11,500 in hotel bills between 2005 and 2006, before moving into their flat in London, and racked up £4,675 on furniture and appliances including TVs and a DVD player.
It is the second financial blow this week for Mr Campbell, who represents East Londonderry at both Westminster and Stormont.
Yesterday's Queen's Speech outlined the Government's Northern Ireland Bill, which would ban them from "double-jobbing" as both MLA and MP.
Gregory Campbell said they backed the Government's decision to "bring forward legislation on dual mandates".
"As part of the new expenses system introduced at Westminster I sold a property which previously had been purchased. This sale has resulted in the taxpayer being some £60,000 better off," they said.
"At no point neither I nor any of my colleagues queried or contested the figures put forward by IPSA.
"It is also welcome that the Government has finally moved to bring forward legislation on dual mandates. This is something the DUP has called for for some years now.
"Failure to reduce the number of MLAs however will mean extra cost to the public purse as the new scenario has absolutely no financial implication for myself as I do not receive any salary for my role as an MLA, which at the moment saves significant money from the public purse."
Belfast Telegraph Digital
1+
Campaign Company Launch Date “Flo” Progressive Insurance 2008 “Rhetorical Question”
“Happier Than A … ”
“Did You Know?”
“It's What You Do” GEICO 2009
2012
2013
2014 “Mayhem” Allstate 2010 “University of Farmers” Farmers Insurance 2010 “Magic Jingle” State Farm 2011
2011 “That's Not How It Works” Esurance 2014 “Chicken Parm You Taste So Good” Nationwide 2014
We are supposedly living in the Golden Age of television. Maybe yes, maybe no (my view: every decade is a Golden Age of television!), but there's no doubt that today we're living in the Golden Age of insurance commercials. Sure, you had the GEICO gecko back in 1999 and the caveman in 2004, and the Aflac duck has been around almost as long, but it's really the Flo campaign for Progressive Insurance in 2008 that marks a sea change in how financial risk products are marketed by property and casualty insurers. Today every major P&C carrier spends big bucks (about $7 billion per year in the aggregate) on these little theatrical gems.
This will strike some as a silly argument, but I don't think it's a coincidence that the modern focus on entertainment marketing for financial risk products began in the Great Recession and its aftermath. When the financial ground isn't steady underneath your feet, fundamentals don't matter nearly as much as a fresh narrative. Why? Because the fundamentals are scary. Because you don't buy when you're scared. So you need a new perspective from the puppet masters to get you to buy, a new “conversation”, to use Don Draper's words of advertising wisdom from Mad Men. Maybe that's describing the price quote process as a “name your price tool” if you're Flo, and maybe that's describing Lucky Strikes tobacco as “toasted!” if you're Don Draper. Maybe that's a chuckle at the Mayhem guy or the Hump Day Camel if you're Allstate or GEICO. Maybe, since equity markets are no less a financial risk product than auto insurance, it's the installation of a cargo cult around Ben Bernanke, Janet Yellen, and Mario Draghi, such that their occasional manifestations on a TV screen, no less common than the GEICO gecko, become objects of adoration and propitiation.
For P&C insurers, the payoff from their marketing effort is clear: dollars spent on advertising drive faster and more profitable premium growth than dollars spent on agents. For central bankers, the payoff from their marketing effort is equally clear. As the Great One himself, Ben Bernanke, said in their August 31, 2012 Jackson Hole speech: “It is probably not a coincidence that the sustained recovery in U.S. equity prices began in March 2009, shortly after the FOMC's decision to greatly expand securities purchases.” Probably not a coincidence, indeed.
Here's what this marketing success looks like, and here's why you should care.
This is a chart of the S&P 500 index (green line) and the Deutsche Bank Quality index (white line) from February 2000 to the market lows of March 2009.
Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P., as of 3/6/2009. For illustrative purposes only.
Now I chose this particular factor index (which I understand to be principally a measure of return on invested capital, such that it's long stocks with a high ROIC, i.e. high quality, and short stocks with a low ROIC, all in a sector neutral/equal-weighted construction across a wide range of global stocks in order to isolate this factor) because Quality is the embedded bias of almost every stock-picker in the world. As stock-pickers, we are trained to look for quality management teams, quality earnings, quality cash flows, quality balance sheets, etc. The precise definition of quality will differ from person to person and process to process (Deutsche Bank is using return on invested capital as a rough proxy for all of these disparate conceptions of quality, which makes good sense to me), but virtually all stock-pickers believe, largely as an article of faith, that the stock price of a high quality company will outperform the stock price of a low quality company over time. And for the nine years shown on this chart, that faith was well-rewarded, with the Quality index up 78% and the S&P 500 down 51%, a stark difference, to be sure.
But now let's look at what's happened with these two indices over the last seven years.
Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P., as of 3/28/2016. For illustrative purposes only.
The S&P 500 index has tripled (!) from the March 2009 bottom. The Deutsche Bank Quality index? It's up a grand total of 10%. Over seven years. Why? Because the Fed couldn't care less about promoting high quality companies and dissing low quality companies with its concerted marketing campaign — what Bernanke and Yellen call “communication policy”, the functional equivalent of advertising. The Fed couldn't care less about promoting value or promoting growth or promoting any traditional factor that requires an investor judgment between this company and that company. No, the Fed wants to promote ALL financial assets, and their communication policies are intentionally designed to push and cajole us to pay up for financial risk in our investments, in EXACTLY the same way that a P&C insurance company's communication policies are intentionally designed to push and cajole us to pay up for financial risk in our cars and homes. The Fed uses Janet Yellen and forward guidance; Nationwide uses Peyton Manning and a catchy jingle. From a game theory perspective it's the same thing.
Where do the Fed's policies most prominently insure against financial risk? In low quality stocks, of course. It's precisely the companies with weak balance sheets and bumbling management teams and sketchy non-GAAP earnings that are more likely to be bailed out by the tsunami of liquidity and the most accommodating monetary policy of this or any other lifetime, because companies with fortress balance sheets and competent management teams and sterling earnings don't need bailing out under any circumstances. It's not just that a quality bias fails to be rewarded in a policy-driven market, it's that a bias against quality does particularly well! The result is that any long-term expected return from quality stocks is muted at best and close to zero in the current policy regime. There is no “margin of safety” in quality-driven stock-picking today, so that it only takes one idiosyncratic stock-picking mistake to wipe out a year's worth of otherwise solid research and returns.
So how has that stock-picking mutual fund worked out for you? Probably not so well. Here's the 2015 S&P scorecard for actively managed US equity funds, showing the percentage of funds that failed to beat their benchmarks over the last 1, 5, and 10-year periods. I mean … these are just jaw-droppingly bad numbers. And they'd be even worse if you included survivorship bias.
% of US Equity Funds that FAILED to Beat Benchmark 1 Year 5 Years 10 Years Large-Cap 66.1% 84.2% 82.1% Mid-Cap 56.8% 76.7% 87.6% Small-Cap 72.2% 90.1% 88.4%
Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices, “SPIVA US Scorecard Year-End 2015” as of 12/31/15. For illustrative purposes only.
Small wonder, then, that assets have fled actively managed stock funds over the past 10 years in favor of passively managed ETFs and indices. It's a Hobson's Choice for investors and advisors, where a choice between interesting but under-performing active funds and boring but safe passive funds is no choice at all from a business perspective. The mantra in IT for decades was that no one ever got fired for buying IBM; today, no financial advisor ever gets fired for buying an S&P 500 index fund.
But surely, Ben, this, too, shall pass. Surely at some point central banks will back away from their massive marketing campaign based on forward guidance and celebrity spokespeople. Surely as interest rates “normalize”, we will return to those halcyon days of yore, when stock-picking on quality actually mattered.
Sorry, but I don't see it. The mistake that most market observers make is to think that if the Fed is talking about normalizing rates, then we must be moving towards normalized markets, i.e. non-policy-driven markets. That's not it. To steal a line from the Esurance commercials, that's not how any of this works. So long as we're paying attention to the Missionary's act of communication, whether that's a Mario Draghi press conference or a Mayhem Guy TV commercial, then behaviorally-focused advertising — aka the Common Knowledge Game — works. Common Knowledge is created simply by paying attention to a Missionary. It really doesn't matter what specific message the Missionary is actually communicating, so long as it holds our attention. It really doesn't matter whether the Fed hikes rates four times this year or twice this year or not at all this year. I mean, of course it matters in terms of mortgage rates and bank profits and a whole host of factors in the real economy. But for the only question that matters for investors — what do I do with my money? — nothing changes. Stock-picking still won't work. Quality still won't work. So long as we hang on every word, uttered or unuttered, by our monetary policy Missionaries, so long as we compel ourselves to pay attention to Monetary Policy Theatre, then we will still be at sea in a policy-driven market where our traditional landmarks are barely visible and highly suspect.
Here's my metaphor for investors and central bankers today — the brilliant Cars.com commercial where a woman is stuck on a date with an incredibly creepy guy who declares that “my passion is puppetry” and proceeds to make out with a replica of the woman.
What we have to do as investors is exactly what this woman has to do: get out of this date and distance ourselves from this guy as quickly as humanly possible. For some of us that means leaving the restaurant entirely, reducing or eliminating our exposure to public markets by going to cash or moving to private markets. For others of us that means changing tables and eating our meal as far away as we possibly can from Creepy Puppet Guy. So long as we stay in the restaurant of public markets there's no way to eliminate our interaction with Creepy Puppet Guy entirely. No doubt they will try to follow us around from table to table. But we don't have to engage with them directly. We don't have participated in their insane conversation. No one is forcing you keep a TV in your office so that you can watch CNBC all day long!
Look … I understand the appeal of a good marketing campaign. I live for this stuff. And I understand that we all operate under business and personal imperatives to beat our public market benchmarks, whatever that means in whatever corner of the investing world we live in. But I also believe that much of our business and personal discomfort with public markets today is a self-inflicted wound, driven by our biological craving for Narrative and our social craving for comfortable conversations with others and ourselves, no matter how wrong-headed those conversations might be.
Case in point: if your conversation around actively managed stock-picking strategies — and this might be a conversation with managers, it might be a conversation with clients, it might be a conversation with an Investment Board, it might be a conversation with yourself — focuses on the strategy's ability to deliver “alpha” in this puppeted market, then you're having a losing conversation. You are, in effect, having a conversation with Creepy Puppet Guy.
There is a role for actively managed stock-picking strategies in a puppeted market, but it's not to “beat” the market. It's to survive this puppeted market by getting as close to a real fractional ownership of real assets and real cash flows as possible. It's recognizing that owning indices and ETFs is owning a casino chip, a totally different thing from a fractional ownership share of a real world thing. Sure, I want my portfolio to have some casino chips, but I ALSO want to own quality real assets and quality real cash flows, regardless of the game that's going on all around me in the casino.
Do ALL actively managed strategies or stock-picking strategies see markets through this lens, as an effort to forego the casino chip and purchase a fractional ownership in something real? Of course not. Nor am I using the term “stock-picking” literally, as in only equity strategies are part of this conversation. What I'm saying is that a conversation focused on quality real asset and quality real cash flow ownership is the right criterion for choosing between intentional security selection strategies, and that this is the right role for these strategies in a portfolio.
Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's. If you want market returns, buy the market through passive indices and ETFs. If you want better than market returns … well, good luck with that. My advice is to look to private markets, where fundamental research and private information still matter. But there's more to public markets than playing the returns game. There's also the opportunity to exchange capital for an ownership share in a real world asset or cash flow. It's the meaning that public markets originally had. It's a beautiful thing. But you'll never see it if you're devoting all your attention to CNBC or Creepy Puppet Guy.
PDF Download (Paid Subscription Required): http://www.epsilontheory.com/download/16289/
Bill Passes Committee: Nullifying FDA Restrictions For Terminally Ill Patients
A Bill in Connecticut is seeking to end some FDA restrictions for terminally ill patients who would like to venture into possibly trying “UN-approved” treatment methods for their illness. The bill, which passed by 24-2, would nullify some FDA rules which are currently in place to prevent and deny access for patients who want to use experimental treatments. The legislation in question, HB5270, was introduced just last month by a collective of six representatives and senators.
As it stands currently, some patients are able to bypass those restrictions by first receiving approval from the FDA. But the new bill would allow it so that patients could obtain the drugs without first having to go through the process of waiting for FDA approval to do so. When it comes to trying drugs that have no proven track record of success, the decision will ultimately rest with the individual in that HB5270 will shield physicians from liability even though they might prescribe the drugs.
There is already similar legislation in a number of other states, like Alabama, Oregon, South Dakota, Virginia, Montana, North Carolina, Minnesota, Louisiana, Florida, and others. They are commonly referred to as “Right-to-try” laws and these laws allow for terminally ill patients to use experimental drugs which have already completed Phase 1 of testing but might not have been approved by the FDA officially and allowed to proceed to market. Many see these laws as affording the patients with one last chance to try and seek a solution.
There are a number of different treatments that an individual might want to employ if they were facing an incurable illness and possible threat of death. From natural and holistic avenues or even simple fasting and praying, to extreme pharmaceutical treatment options; an individual has a choice of which avenue they might want to go in. This bill expands their options in allowing them to access treatment without first having to seek FDA approval where they otherwise might have had to wait and do so.
There may be risks with taking experimental drugs, but shouldn't the decision rest with the individual seeing as it is their body and they pay the consequences? Some see present FDA restrictions as inhumane because they would allow for an individual to die rather than afford them the liberty to make the choice of trying an option that might help them in some way. This current bill, HB5270, will be moving forward to the House now for consideration.
Check Out Dan's Previous Work Interviewing Rick Simpson, Discussing Alternative Cancer Treatment:
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-to-try_law
https://www.cga.ct.gov/2016/TS/h/2016HB-05270-R00PH-CV108-TS.htm
http://openstates.org/ct/bills/2016/HB5270/
*Be Advised*
The contents of this website are for informational purposes only and do not constitute medical advice; the Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website.
In the event of a medical emergency, call a doctor or 911 immediately. This website does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by this website is solely at your own risk.
Follow Dan Dicks:
Facebook
Twitter
Dan Dicks Twitter
Dan Dicks Instagram
Subscribe:
Youtube
Press For Truth TV
If you do not use PayPal or credit cards you can still donate! We accept checks, money orders, cash and equipment. With good old fashion mail you can send Dan stuff to:
Mail to Dan Dicks:
505-8840 210th Street
Langley BC, V1M 2Y2
Canada
Patrick Barron Presents
​
Have you ever wondered...
How did we get here? Why are we 16 trillion dollars in debt? What is it about Washington DC that turns what were once normal people into politicians who are completely incapable of doing what's right for most Americans?
You've come to the right place.
This site is created to help you answer these questions and many more.
“Defining the Machine” is a non-partisan, exciting and informative presentation designed to educate individuals, groups and organizations. This is done by illustrating that many of the problems within congress, the partisanship, gridlock, failed policy and terrible congressional approval ratings are primarily caused by a corrupt system based on power and money.
The “Defining the Machine” presentation will demonstrate:
• Congress specifically the House of Representatives is a “Pay to Play” system.
• Party leadership tells congressional members how much money they need to raise to give to back to the party.
• Party leadership tells congressional members where and whom they should raise this money from.
• In turn for raising this money Party leadership "rewards" congressional members with positions of authority, which in turn allows the congressional member to promote or stall legislation.
• The reward of higher positions also increases the congressional member's ability to raise funds and again further their congressional career.
• Party leadership "punishes" congressional members if they do not raise funds as directed by party leadership.
In 1995 John Boehner, now Speaker of the House, the 3rd most powerful politician in the country gave checks from tobacco companies to other members of congress on the floor of the house immediately preceding a vote regarding big tobacco. In the video Speaker Boehner admits this was wrong. If they know this is wrong then why would they do it?
(2:15 min.)
The House Ethics Manual:
"Never accept favors or benefits that might be construed as influencing the performance of governmental duties."
...and much more!!!
“Voting in new members of congress is like changing tires on a car that doesn't run.”
MENU
Maxine Waters, the frequently outspoken and blunt member of congress from California, put themselves in the spotlight – and perhaps not in a good way – by bullying a witness at a hearing this week.
“Reclaiming my time! Reclaiming my time!” they repeatedly spoke over Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin when they were trying to answer them questions.
It happened during a House Financial Services Committee hearing.
They questioned them about why they hadn't gotten a reply to their letter some months ago about President Trump's finances.
They started to answer, was interrupted and started to answer again. And again. And again.
Waters harassed Mnuchin more than a dozen times in two minutes, preventing them from completing their answer – while complaining they were losing their speaking time.
See the stunning exchange:
Mnuchin tried explaining their department is cooperating with multiple congressional committees and they have corresponded frequently.
It's crazy Uncle Joe in their own words! New book has dozens of QR codes for an evening of laugh-out-loud gaffes – don't miss “Biden Time”
“Reclaiming my time. Reclaiming my time. Reclaiming my time. Reclaiming my time. Reclaiming my time,” Waters said over Mnuchin.
At one point the secretary asked committee chairperson Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, for clarification about the committee rules.
“Mr. Chairman, I thought when you read the rules, you acknowledged I shouldn't be interrupted and that I would have…,” Mnuchin started.
They didn't get to finish.
“Reclaiming my time,” the liberal firebrand yelled. “What they failed to tell you was, when you are on my time, I can reclaim it.”
Hensarling tried to tamp down the vitriol.
“We will give the gentlelady adequate time,” they said. “The time belongs to the gentlelady from California, but I assure you, majority members will allow you to answer the question when it is our time,” they told Mnuchin.
Mnuchin attempted to answer again.
“We have been responsive and we are trying to coordinate with you the response, and we've suggested that you get the information through the other committees, but I would like to emphasize we believe we have been very responsive and will continue to do so,” they managed to squeeze.
Then Waters was at it again.
“Reclaiming my time,” they said once again. “Thank you very much. You left a message.”
“No, we didn't leave a message, we spoke to the chief oversight counsel…” Mnuchin said, before Waters cut them off.
“Reclaiming my time” they repeated several more times before contradicting their claim.
It's crazy Uncle Joe in their own words! New book has dozens of QR codes for an evening of laugh-out-loud gaffes — don't miss “Biden Time”
The 32nd annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony will be held on Friday April 7 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. The ceremony will be broadcast on HBO on Saturday April 29 at 8 p.m. ET/PT. The six acts to be inducted are: Joan Baez, Electric Light Orchestra, Journey, Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur and Yes. All but Yes, which had lost two previous bids, were first-time contenders.
Sign up to get Gold Derby's free newsletter with
experts' latest predictions and breaking news
To be eligible for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, an artist must have released their first single or album at least 25 years prior to their nomination, so this year's honorees date back to 1991 (as in the case of Pearl Jam and Shakur) or earlier.
This sextet was culled from a list of 19 nominees released in mid October. To decide the inductees, ballots were sent to more than 800 music industry insiders around the world. Fans also had a chance to weigh in with their thoughts.
Dish the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame honorees
with music insiders in our notorious forums
The other four first-year student contenders this year were: Bad Brains, Depeche Mode, Jane's Addiction and Steppenwolf.
Besides Yes, which made it in on its third try, there were nine returning nominees, none of which made the final cut. Disco group Chic was in the running for the 11th time, singer/songwriter Joe Tex is now a five-time also-ran, the groups J. Geils Band and Kraftwerk were back for the fourth year, and the sophomore contenders were songbird Janet Jackson, the 80s New Wave band The Cars, queen of funk Chaka Khan, rockers MC5 and the Brit band The Zombies.
Grammy Awards winners 2017: Make your predictions now
The ceremony is overseen by Playtone and Line By Line Productions with Alex Coletti handling both helming and producing. Executive producers are Jann Wenner, Tom Hanks, Gary Goetzman and Joel Peresman; co-executive producer is Frank Garritano; and supervising producer is Barbra Dannov
The Obama administration reversed a policy Monday that had allowed unmarried federal employees and retirees in same-sex domestic partnerships to obtain insurance coverage for children of their partners under certain conditions.
The change, applying to the separate insurance programs for health care and for vision and dental care, is a fallout of the June U.S. Supreme Court decision requiring all states to allow and recognize same-sex marriage. It overturns a policy that itself was a result of a ruling by the high court two years earlier and could be a harbinger of other changes in eligibility for federal employee benefits.
Eligibility as a family member under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and the Federal Dental and Vision Insurance Program extends to a spouse and to an employee or retiree's own children or stepchildren up to a cutoff age — 26 in the FEHBP and 22 in the FEDVIP — unless they are disabled before that age.
Same-sex spouses were made eligible in both programs along with opposite-sex spouses under the 2013 U.S. v. Windsor decision that invalidated the part of the Defense of Marriage Act that had defined marriage, for federal benefits purposes, as only between a man and a woman.
Also as a result of that decision, starting in 2014 the Office of Personnel Management broadened eligibility as a stepchild under the two programs. It made children of an employee or retiree's same-sex domestic partner — although not the partner themselves or themselves — eligible if the couple met certain standards, lived in a state that did not recognize same-sex marriage, and certified that they would marry if their state allowed it.
“Based on the Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, published June 26, 2015, all states are now required to allow same-sex couples to marry,” said the OPM directive, called a benefits administration letter.
Effective immediately, it said, “agencies and/or retirement systems should no longer add children of same-sex domestic partners to FEHB enrollments as no new children are eligible. Stepchildren that are already covered under an enrollment for plan year 2015, based on a domestic partner certification, remain eligible family members only until the end of the plan year. For plan year 2016 and beyond, couples must be married in order to cover (or continue to cover) stepchildren under their FEHB and FEDVIP enrollment,” the instruction says.
The OPM recently announced new rates for both the health-care and vision-dental programs in advance of an open season that starts Nov. 9.
Starting in 2009, the Obama administration extended coverage under several other benefits programs to same-sex partners, but not to opposite-sex partners, on the premise that opposite-sex partners always had the option to marry while same-sex partners didn't.
For example, eligibility to take unpaid parental and emergency medical leave extends only to same-sex partners, as does eligibility to enroll in the long-term care insurance program for federal employees and retirees, eligibility for agency-paid child care subsidies for lower-income parents, access to family services through employee assistance programs, and numerous other minor benefits.
Those policies remained unchanged as growing numbers of states recognized same-sex marriage even before this year's Obergefell decision.
Some federal benefits policies apply to domestic partners of either gender. These include eligibility to use sick leave for family purposes and to designate a partner as a beneficiary under the federal employee life insurance program.
The administration last year proposed, but never finalized, rules to make children of same-sex domestic partners eligible as covered family members under the life insurance program on the same terms as those now dropped for health and vision-dental insurance. It also has proposed extending eligibility under the long term care program to opposite-sex partners, as well.
Britain has granted posthumous pardons to thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses under laws that have since been abolished, the government said on Tuesday, according to Reuters.
The mass pardon, announced in October, became law when it received royal assent.
The policy is known as Turing's Law after the World War II codebreaker Alan Turing, who was chemically castrated after being convicted of gross indecency in 1952 for having sex with a man.
“This is a truly momentous day,” said Sam Gyimah, a junior justice minister. “We can never undo the hurt caused, but we have apologized and taken action to right these wrongs.”
Lord Sharkey, one of the people who campaigned for the pardons, said some 65,000 men had been convicted under the now-repealed laws, of whom 15,000 were still alive.
After one Twenty20 international for New Zealand, wicketkeeper Tom Blundell is hoping for a one-day international debut against Australia on Monday.
Cricket's grapevine spreads fast in New Zealand, and all it's screaming out is that Tom Latham will keep wicket against Australia next Monday.
Naturally that's causing some angst at the Basin Reserve, where Black Caps squad member Tom Blundell will don the gloves on Wednesday for Wellington against Canterbury in the Ford Trophy but Latham will be absent.
Conversely, Blundell is required to join the New Zealand camp in Auckland on Friday and Latham, after their designated post-test rest period, will keep wicket for Canterbury against Auckland in Rangiora on Saturday.
MARTIN HUNTER/GETTY IMAGES Tom Latham made a rare appearance with the gloves during the test match in Christchurch and is under serious consideration to keep wicket in the first Australia ODI on Monday.
Latham will then fly to Auckland, and be conveniently excused from the play-travel-play rule which was used by NZ Cricket to deny Ross Taylor a Big Bash League cameo in Melbourne on January 1. Confused?
READ MORE:
* Latham, Blundell to job share
* No Latham or Nicholls for Canty
* Hesson: Wagner unfairly out
* Black Caps to sharpen catching
* Williamson lauds pace attack
RAGHAVAN VENUGOPAL/PHOTOSPORT With innovation and power hitting, Wellington's Tom Blundell was one of the batsmen of the Twenty20 Super Smash, scoring 243 runs at a strike rate of 134.
Blundell has grounds to be confused, even if New Zealand coach and chief selector Mike Hesson insists a decision on their wicketkeeper won't be made till after Latham's Canterbury 50-over stint.
Firebirds coach Bruce Edgar was diplomatic on the prospect of Blundell being with the Black Caps in Auckland, Napier and Hamilton as drinks carrier and potentially not returning to Wellington till their final round match against Canterbury on February 8.
"It's disappointing if that's the case," Edgar said.
Latham's kept wicket in three of their 49 ODIs and was a gloveman at schoolboy level. But it would place undue pressure on the opener and appears a stop-gap measure in the confusing merry-go-round which the injured Luke Ronchi and BJ Watling have hopped on and off this summer.
Hesson explained Latham potentially keeping wicket would free up spots for more middle order hitting power, with Colin Munro, Jimmy Neesham and Colin de Grandhomme all vying for places, assuming Ross Taylor and Neil Broom bat four and five.
Blundell opened for Wellington, scoring 41 and four in two Ford Trophy innings, but on their power and innovation in domestic Twenty20 would be well capable of providing impetus at six or seven. They didn't get a chance to show that in their T20 debut against Bangladesh.
New Zealand's bigger concern is getting meaningful overs out of either Munro, Neesham or de Grandhomme to justify playing five bowlers and Kane Williamson's offspin.
"We think they [Blundell] can bat anywhere. If they can open the batting they can bat at six or seven. We see them with the skills to do that. Their strike rate is pretty impressive when they get going and he's a good keeper. They deserve a go," Edgar said.
Certainly a powerhouse knock for Wellington at the Basin Reserve - against ODI squad member Matt Henry - would help Blundell's cause.
Henry also has something to prove after going off the boil with the white ball this season.
Former team-mate Hamish Bennett, who moved to Wellington to push their case for a Black Caps recall, was outstanding for the Super Smash champions, taking nine wickets at 19 and economy rate of 6.9.
Edgar hopes Bennett is being strongly considered by the national selectors, particularly for the South Africa Twenty20 international on February 17.
"Some of the bowling on our shorter forms has got a bit one-dimensional and you can describe Hamish as multi-dimensional now," Edgar said.
"He's got the courage to bowl the knuckle-ball or slower ball, bowl quick and bowl yorkers. They can come back and surprise people when they're expecting them to go really hard at them. Those variations 20-30kmh slower are so hard to play. When people bowl a similar speed, quite predictable, and they're hittable."
Wellington (2-0) and Canterbury (1-1) are coming off Sunday washouts, with the hosts the form limited overs team in the country after nine wins from their last 10 completed matches.
AT A GLANCE
What: Ford Trophy, round four
Where: Basin Reserve, Wellington
When: 11am Wednesday
Wellington: Michael Papps, Tom Blundell, Hamish Marshall (c), Scott Borthwick, Michael Pollard, Luke Woodcock, Matt Taylor, Anurag Verma, Jeetan Patel, Hamish Bennett, Brent Arnel, Iain McPeake.
Canterbury: Chad Bowes, Jack Boyle, Cole McConchie, Peter Fulton (c), Todd Astle, Cam Fletcher, Henry Shipley, Logan van Beek, Tim Johnston, Matt Henry, Will Williams, Harry Chamberlain.
Cord-Cutters Reject Streaming Services with Too Many Ads
Cord-cutting has become a growing trend in the US, where consumers move away from an all-in-one cable service for piecemeal streaming services. However, growth shouldn't be seen as guaranteed. IBM recently released a survey that points out the areas where users tend to get frustrated and quit the service. From their survey, 31% of participants had previously quit using a streaming service.
27 percent said too many ads would make them quit
-Source TechCrunch
Too many ads frustrate users and 27% of those who quit cited that as a reason. Users pay a fee to get away from the free, ad-supported tier and will understandably be frustrated if they don't feel they're getting their money's worth. Some services, like Netflix and YouTube Red, remove ads in their monthly subscription. However, some still have a few ads. While a small number of ads may be okay, it's best not to frustrate the customer.
Other big reasons include cost and content. Monthly services can be cheap relative to cable, but only if you subscribe to one. When you start paying for more it can be just as expensive. 42% of participants share their passwords with their family, and perhaps expanding family plans and family-billing could alleviate the costs one person has to pay.
Content is the issue that's been getting a lot of attention. Netflix and Amazon have been producing original content in addition to licensing content from networks. YouTube Red has just purchased the rights to a TV show. With more services and choice, these companies are entering the content market while having to make sure their service runs smoothly.
Steady performance is important, as 17% quit because of technical reasons. If there's too much buffering or delay in playing then the streaming service is definitely not providing the best experience and it may not be for that user. This is not a problem for those who use broadband and Ethernet connections, but your connection becomes flakier when you start relying on your Wi-Fi or cellular connection. Variable video compression, to properly playback video at the correct quality, is something that is important for services to look at.
This is important for expansion too as there are still many places with poor connections and no way to stream ultra-high definition videos. While 240p is not great by any means, it will likely be accepted by users more than the long wait for buffering.
For networks and streaming services, this survey is a great look into the habits of cord-cutters and why they may make certain decisions. Fewer ads, cheaper services, and more content seem to be at odds with one another. People want services to do more with less. The survey had 1007 participants, which isn't a huge sample size, but it may expose trends that become more important in the coming years.
Cord-cutting is growing, but perhaps not equally. The market is gaining more competitors and consumers will have to make a choice about what what they pay for. They'll do comparisons, read reviews, and freely switch if one isn't good. The companies that stick around the longest will be those that provide the best experience for the user.
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University (C/O 2017) and the student IEEE webmaster. When he's not studying, they are a software developer for the web and Android (Felker Tech). They have several open source projects on GitHub (http://github.com/fleker) Devices: Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015, Moto 360, Google ADT-1, Nexus 7-2013 (x2), Lenovo Laptop, Custom Desktop. Although they were an intern at Google, the content of this blog is entirely independent and their own thoughts. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
Do you know how mad you have to be to throw a shoe at someone? Think about it. You're at work, and something happens. Let's say someone or thing has been vexing you for most of a workday. What does it take to finally, finally get you to snap and … off comes the shoe.
Arda Turan's moment really typified what was a bonkers football match today. They threw their shoe at an official in a fit of pique (rather than Pique, who was sublime) over a call not made during a match in which Barça attackers were the equivalent of foot pinatas. Turan's gesture was about futility, about an acceptance that this was it, and yet it was so much more.
This team has come of age. Coming face to face with the neighborhood bully can place a great many demands upon you, but at the core it comes down to fight or flight. When Diego Simeone took over Atleti they began the task of fashioning them into a fist — one capable of the hard foul, certainly — that could take on the best teams in the league and triumph by virtue of simply being a better team. The best players? Nope. But the best team, that went to war, fought for each other, fought for every possession and every ball.
Last season, Barça had nothing for that team, establishing a record of futility that led to watching someone else's Liga victory parade and viewing the Champions League final on TV. And even though last year was a mess, there was a certain emotional fragility about that Barça. They beat RM twice, but it wasn't the Mourinho RM. It was a calmer, more elegant version that was willing to play football. Atleti got in Barça's face, and it flinched.
This year, as the season began an the team struggled with a new system and a way of playing, people were already giving things up and declaring everything lost, as lost as that mythical Way. Some cautioned patience, not only with the way the team was playing but with the man in charge of that side, that the system would come into place as would a preferred XI. But football in these modern times is a game of history and impatience, a world of ghosts and statistics in which armchair savants spout formations and tendencies, and make proclamations based on those notions.
Meanwhile, a team was coming together, a team that manifested the fruits of those labors in three matches against its most fearsome rival.
If someone had said to a culer at the beginning of this season that Barça would face Atleti three times and go 3-0, laughter would have been the response, that kind of “Foool, you cray!” howling with which we greet a truly cockamamie notion. And yet at this juncture of the season, in Liga and Copa, Barça is 3-0 vs Atleti. No squeaking by on away goals, but getting it done first at home and then in a roiling tempest of a Calderon whose denizens were cheering for more fouls when it was clear that the match was lost.
From that violent cauldron emerged your football team, and a team you should be proud as hell of, if you already aren't. It didn't even seem that extraordinary an accomplishment, as the matches were won in three very different ways:
— A high-energy dismantling
— A coarse, ugly scrum
— A wide-open, violent crazyfest
In all three, Barça played many different ways from beautiful, flowing football to hunkering down for battle. What the three wins have in common is backbone. This year's team isn't fragile. Has it taken on the jut-jawed character of its boss? Dunno. But it definitely has a character, that is for absolutely zero crap. We should leave the tactics for others because in athletics, a moment is often about a player or team deciding that this, today, is enough. It stops here. There is that small elevation of the game, a greater degree of intensity and suddenly, things are different.
Simeone credited the intensity of this Barça, which is immense praise. Barça was always a more talented footballing side than Atleti, but that wasn't the point. Football at Barça had, over the years, almost become reduced to this theoretical exercise in beauty, a world of triangles and curlicues. Fire ebbed as pass counts grew, and the purists took heart in numbers of passes and rondos as increasingly, an opponent with a fraction of the completed passes and possession managed to get results.
This year, Barça is intense. It's also willing to play in many different ways to beat an opponent, unhindered by adherence to a Way that becomes a dogmatic resistance to a new world in which opponents are big, fast and physical and are allowed to use that advantage by an officiating world that seems as tired of hearing about and seeing Barça as many opponents are.
As people race to credit various tactical things to the win today, breaking the match down to a bloodless dissection, for me it was very visceral and bloody as hell. It was fast, messy, disjointed and intense as can be, the kind of match where past Barça sides would have been found wanting in the wake of the years of dominance, where the ball moved fast and opponents not fast enough.
The Copa return leg went awry early and often, in the presence of a Fernando Torres (of ALL people!) goal that equalized the tie on aggregate, along with incessant, high-energy pressing of the type that signified a team wanting to get it done at home, that believed Barça was still the team that could be pushed around, those guys from last year.
But this year, there was none of that getting a break, stopping the ball to let the attack form and make triangles. Press this team and it sends a player running of the shoulder of your defense, or executes a bust-out counterattack that never slows down until the ball is in the net. As one journalist said on Twitter, “I don't recognize this Barça, but it sure is competitive.”
It's the kind of change that doesn't happen on the pitch but in the mind. A team goes into a complexity and comes out the other side different. Tactically, it's easy to explain: Atleti had to press, which left them exposed on the counter, and that was that. It's the psychological side that is more complex and vastly more interesting. Was it elections? Was there in fact, despite player denials, some dressing room row that got resolved? Did the team finally decide to go all in with Enrique? Did Enrique finally get then to understand what they have been trying to do with the superstar front and solid back? Who the heck knows.
Two counterattacks and a set piece is how Barça scored today, an accounting that is as absurd as it is almost laughable. Atleti scored a lightning goal, then when Barça answered, Atleti was gifted a penalty that wasn't even a foul much less a penalty, as it occurred outside the box. A Ter Stegen assist became a bungled offside call instead of a glorious end-to-end goal by Neymar. Fate gave Barça every chance to flinch, but it wasn't interested in any of them. That the header for the set piece goal came from Busquets, the frailest of them all, says something about the team's attitude today. Yes, some help from Atleti's Miranda was required, but cool sporting stories always require a bit of luck to go along with the style and happy story. Today was no exception.
Enrique ran the sidelines and pumped their fist, exploding in emotion after the first equalizing goal. That Messi wasn't needed as the entire team stepped up to become as much of a team as Atleti but ultimately a more talented one, and that talent was as much as the difference as the want.
Neymar wound up and riled up, scoring two lovely goals in the process that were facilitated by their front line mates, Suarez on the first and Messi on the second. Jordi Alba bent space and time, blocking a shot at one end and then giving the assist to Neymar in the Atleti box, all in the same sequence.
And Turan threw theirs shoe.
It's hard to know what you're seeing sometimes, as eloquence is reduced to “Holy crap, what just happened.” Is is really as simple as a team coming of age?
Logically, the reasons are many: Messi is fit, Neymar is a sensation, Suarez is a presence that makes the defense worry, the defense is more solid. You can look at all of these things and make assumptions based on sound, objective principles. But how would Barça play when it got smacked in the mouth? What of that plan then? Just as when Enrique took abuse they just stuck out their jaw and said, essentially, “The hell with y'all, I know what I'm doing,” the team took the hit and got better. It played better, and took advantage of an opponent whose view was obscured by red mist.
The headlines blare “Barça beat nine-man Atleti,” glib facility that ignores the reality that this match effectively ended with the third goal, when Atleti had to score 3 goals in a half, against a defense that finally remembered how it was supposed to play. Halftime handbags at the break led to Atleti playing with 10 in the second half. That 10 became 9 with less than 10 minutes to go, when the already decided outcome became an affirmation as Barça just kept the ball and got fouled by Atleti.
And nobody is quite sure what we saw today because extraordinary, inexplicable things are often like that. This match isn't about the Copa, a tertiary competition that really gains importance for the team that isn't able to get any big trophies. This match is about staring down the bully and punching it in the face, about a club coming to vibrant, glorious life right before our still-unbelieving eyes.
However or whyever it happened really doesn't matter, just as the result is about more than the final tally. It's about a team … your team, our team … and the ugly ways that it made beauty.
A team of astronomers has discovered another terrestrial planet around a distant star which could turn out to be suitable for life.
The planet, dubbed HD 85512b, has only recently been found using a special detector called the High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher (HARPS) spectrograph at La Silla Observatory in Chile.
It is at least three and a half times more massive than the Earth and orbits a K-type star, which is around 1000 degrees Kelvin cooler than our Sun. Also known as Gliese 370, it lies 36 light-years away in the southern constellation of Vela.
This cooler host star means that a planet which orbits relatively close to it can still reside in what is known as the Habitable Zone (HZ), as is the case with HD 85512b. Although it is only a quarter of an Astronomical Unit from its parent star (about 37.4 million km), it orbits just within the HZ meaning it could potentially harbour extraterrestrial life.
Put simply, the HZ is an area around a star where liquid water can exist on the surface of a planet. Water is essential for life as we know it so it is a good starting point to search for water when looking for habitable planets. The HZ lies close to the star for cool stars and at is situated at larger distances from hot stars.
However, there are many other factors which go into defining the HZ other than the region where liquid water can exist. The composition of the atmosphere is important, as the correct combination of gases is needed in order for temperature to be just right on the surface. Excessive greenhouse gases will raise the temperature of the planet beyond that suitable for life.
Astronomer Lisa Kaltenegger and their colleagues used computer models based on the Earth's atmosphere to determine if HD 85512b could be habitable. “Earth-based models are what we know could provide habitability (we got the Earth), so other models could potentially provide habitability, but we have no sample – like the Earth – that we could use to have a first idea about habitability,” Kaltenegger told Skymania News.
Another thing they considered was the effect of clouds on habitability. As the planet is at the inner edge of the HZ, it is expected to be quite warm. A planet with no low-lying clouds would absorb more light than it reflects and be too warm for liquid water to exist. However if HD 85512b has more than 50 per cent cloud cover, then the clouds will reflect some of the light from the star and make it suitably cool on the surface.
“As to whether it is really habitable, we'll need a spectrum to tell that – direct imaging would be the ticket. With a direct imaging mission we could detect if it looks habitable. We could detect clouds if we had a big enough telescope in space,” explained Kaltenegger. So the planet is not necessarily habitable simply because it resides in the HZ, but this is certainly an important step towards finding planets like our own.
Astronomers have previously reported other new planets that might be habitable, for example Gliese 581g last year plus a neighbouring world that might even have oceans, an atmosphere and rainfall.
As the bruised and battered US consumer continues to be fornicated at the pump, there is, we are told, an amazing silver lining to this inflationary catastrophe: according to the American Public Transportation Association, as gas prices spike they bring with them the savings for U.S. commuters who rely on public transportation, a transit group said on Friday. See: and now the surge in price has been spun. Soon, when gas is $5 then $10/gallon, the administration will tell us how we are all saving so much money by using the subway... Of course until such time as the already insolvent MTA (and other regional transportation authorities) are "forced" to hike prices due to retaining those workers which even Wal Mart decided to pass on.
From Reuters:
U.S. gas prices have increased 28 cents a gallon in the last 10 days to $3.47 per gallon. Individuals who travel by bus or commuter rail instead of filling up their tanks at that price would save $825 per month on average, the American Public Transportation Association said.
The group included the national average of $161.56 for an unreserved parking space in a downtown business district in its calculations.
Political uncertainty in oil-producing Libya is pushing up oil prices, and that in turn is forcing many Americans to pay more at the pump.
If prices remain high, individuals would save an average $9,904 each year, APTA said, adding that "this is the highest savings for public transit riders in two years."
And the kicker from the APTA:
APTA said a commuter who relies on public transportation in New York City has the most savings over a driver -- $14,376 a year -- followed by those in Boston, San Francisco, Chicago and Seattle.
Next up: the administration touts the benefits of death. Just consider the amazing savings one will have by not having to spend tens of thousands of dollars on that barbarous relic, food.
Before I address the Israelites crossing the Red Sea, I decided it would be more beneficial to fast forward and write a piece on the esoteric meaning of the Ark of the Covenant. Doing so will give you more knowledge on how valuable it is to raise your consciousness.
First of all it is important to realize that Moses never constructed a golden box known as the Ark, and they didn't converse with a separate omnipotent being above the Mercy seat. Rather these components of the Exodus narrative describe something that happens in your head on the way to your own Promised Land.
The true Ark of the Covenant rests atop your shoulders. More specifically, the Ark represents your brain. Even as Jesus was crucified at Golgotha (the place of the skull), representing part of the ascension process that takes place in your head, so too does the Ark. And in order to truly commune with God, that communion must take place within the confines of your mind. As we'll soon see, communing with God has nothing to do with talking with a separate being. It has much more to do with becoming ONE with something much bigger than you!
As Jesus said stated:
“that all of them may be one , Father, just as you are in me and I am in you. May they also be in us…” (John 17:21).
How could the church preach the above verse any way but metaphysical?
Now let's break down the image of the Ark. Two Cherubim's faced each other on top of the lid. But what's significant here is that the wings of the Cherubim are spread over the ark, covering and protecting what lies beneath. There is one on the left and one on the right. Now consider that your brain is made up of a left and right hemisphere. The covering of your brain is the cerebrum. So just as the Cherubim covered something significant inside the ark (the brain) so too does the left and right cerebrum cover some very important glands that serve as a link between our physical and spiritual natures. One such component is the pineal gland, also known as the third eye.
This is what Jesus referenced when they stated:
“The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light” (Matt. 6:22).
As if the above information wasn't enough, I am now going to give you plain scriptural information that will confirm that the ark is symbolic of the human brain. Consider that the stone tablets making up the Ten Commandments were placed inside the Ark of the Covenant. Now remember that the ark symbolizes the mind and brain.
The Ten Commandments are universal in nature. When one becomes enlightened, the Ten Commandments are realized and lived out from within. This is especially true after the awakening of the third eye, or pineal gland. Now consider the scripture below from Jeremiah:
“This is the covenant I will make with the house of Israel after that time,” declares the LORD. “I will put my law in their minds and write in on their hearts” (Jeremiah 31:31)
The prophet Jeremiah is declaring that the law is meant to be in the mind and heart permanently, not something which should be obeyed from an external law book or outward code. This is about something that happens “within” you. Let's also read the very next verse:
“No longer will a man teach their neighbor, or a man their brother, saying, ‘Know the LORD,' because they will all know me…” (Jeremiah 31:34).
Someone who has experienced enlightenment no longer serves the ego. The law was written for the ego, but the spiritual man who is not under the operation of the ego lives by grace (enlightenment / Christ consciousness.)
This is the entire reason the Ten Commandments were placed inside the Ark of the Covenant; it was to serve as a symbolic image of what was to truly be experienced by a true Israelite (spiritually enlightened person).
Let me take you back to the image of the Cherubim for a moment. Have you ever wondered why God placed Cherubim to the entrance of the Garden of Eden to protect it? If you have read my article on how Adam and Eve represent different aspects of consciousness, then you understand that the Garden of Eden wasn't a literal place either. It's a state of the mind. Since the cerebrum serves as a covering for the spiritual glands located underneath their covering, then it makes sense that God would place Cherubim to guard the entrance to Eden. In order for us to get back to Eden, we have to be awakened! We should also note that the Cherubim held a flaming sword. This fiery sword represents the logos, or cosmic energy that is responsible for awakening the third eye!
Do we find any imagery similar to this when talking about the Ark of the Covenant? Yes, we do! Consider the description given in the Bible when Moses talks to God above the mercy seat on the Ark of the Covenant:
“And there shall I meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim (cerebrum of the brain) which are upon the ark of the testimony…” (Exodus 25:22).
Now remember that the scripture says God is light. When God communes with us and the pineal gland is opened, it is said that a bright white light is often seen by the participant. Didn't Paul see the exact same thing, Christ as a bright white light, as they were knocked off their horse on the road to Damascus (Acts 9:3)?
As we continue with how God speaks to Moses from between the mercy seat in Numbers, we read:
“And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with them (the LORD), they heard a voice of one speaking to them from off the mercy seat…And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying…when thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick (Numbers 7:89-8:2).
It should be obvious that the seven lamps represent the seven chakras that cosmic energy must flow through in order to experience enlightenment.
How does this knowledge help us?
As you read more the scripture, continue to look at how each character and symbol represents us. The Ark of the Covenant has always supposed to be symbolic of the human brain. The brain is not just a physical feature. Not only does it act as a receiver and transceiver of God's consciousness, but the brain houses some very special glands that serve as gateways between the physical and spiritual worlds. If Buddha was right when they said that “All is mind,” then it is truly through the mind that we gain higher awareness and operate on a higher plane of consciousness.
Think about what the literal Ten Commandments were truly needed for. They are needed for the man who is controlled by the ego. The ego needs to be kept in check, and thus the commandments serve that function until Christ (Christ consciousness) comes!
Not many people know that the Ten Commandments came from chapter 125 in the Egyptian Book of the Dead. That was written centuries before the Torah. The Ark of the Covenant also came from Egypt. Found within the king's chamber of the Great Pyramid was one furniture piece—a box with the same dimensions as the Ark of the Covenant as it is described in the Bible! Israel, or Isis, Ra, and Elohim also come from the name of Egyptian Gods. My point is that believing the scriptures are meant to be literal is not what's important. It's the hidden spiritual meanings within them that matter! Never stop digging and questioning.
Mainstream Christianity has misunderstood all of this imagery for centuries. One cannot worship God in spirit and in truth by worshiping something “out there.” All truth is contained within you. Mainstream Christianity has taught us that by “believing” the literal Gospel this entire spiritual process is assured to us by Christ. But what they fail to realize is that Christ is to be formed in you! It is not about believing a literal story. This brings no rising of consciousness.
Finally recovered from a weekend of hauling a 40" gear around on my back at Otakon. Here are a few pictures from the con:
And a photo of my judge's award from the hall costume contest:
It was a lot of fun generally creeping people out and meeting other witches (of which there were three others, which is amazing). Madoka continues to have a strong cosplay presence and I will certainly continue to cosplay characters from it.
For the future, I hope to clean up this costume and maybe add some more features before Katsucon in February. Adding a second gear layer with some motorized rotation would be cool if I could support the weight. If not I've been looking into Homulilly or Nightmare from Rebellion for next year. I'd also like to add more of my work in progress photos with info on how I built it. Unfortunately I only had enough time to work on it over the past two months instead of documenting it, but I think it all paid off!
Ten per cent still haven't decided how to vote next week
For all the talk of polls, you'd be forgiven for thinking that everyone has made their mind up about next Thursday's vote.
Yet over ten per cent of Brits still don't know how they're going to vote on June 23.
It's perhaps no surprise when the three ‘big wigs' of the EU referendum – the prime minister, Jeremy Corbyn and Boris Johnson – have all had their own commitment to each side questioned.
In fact, usually you'd expect the number of ‘don't know' to considerably decline the closer we get to polling day. Yet the BBC's poll tracker has the number of ‘don't know' at the start of the campaign hovering in the high tens, and now we're in mid-tens territory, with the latest Survation poll pinning it at 15 per cent.
A ‘don't know' base of ten per cent equates to potentially five million voters, or when rates of registration are taken into account, around 4.3 million voters. That's a huge bank for the campaigns to capitalise on.
As Kingsley Purdam, David Bayliss, Joseph Sakshaug and Mollie Bourne point out in research for Democratic Audit:
‘The ‘don't know' and how they vote are potentially going to determine the outcome of the 2016 Referendum.'
With Remain and Leave so close in the polls, getting out even a fraction of those 4.3 million could make all the difference.
The tradition in referendums is for people to opt with the status quo. That should give an advantage to Remain in the ‘don't know' category, if they actually get out there and vote.
People generally err on the side of caution, and this is more likely if Remain's so-called ‘Project Fear' with regards to the economy has had an impact.
There's a good chance many will only make up their mind a day or two before polling day.
As Democratic Audit adds: ‘In 1975 the post referendum survey suggests that only just over a third of people had made up their mind a ‘long time before' polling day, while 23 per cent of people decided ‘just before' polling day. Women were more likely than men to have made up their mind at the last minute.'
If that's anything to go by (and women still generally say they feel less well-informed than men), there's still time for fresh arguments to be used, particularly among sceptical Labour voters, many of whom will still be wavering.
Many of them don't know their own party's position, which is important when party cues can be so pivotal in referendums.
Myself and others have droned on endlessly about the lack of a decent debate. A lot of it comes down to information; having the clear arguments in one place, and basic knowledge of how the EU actually works.
So there's a role for self-education here if the campaigns and media can't do it.
Either way, the ‘Great Unknown' are a potentially a force to be reckoned with. They shouldn't be the Great Ignored.
Josiah Mortimer is a regular contributor to Left Foot Forward. You can follow them on Twitter @josiahmortimer
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jason Denayer is considering their Manchester City future after becoming concerned at the lack of opportunities given to them by new manager Pep Guardiola.
The Belgium defender was named in the squad that travelled to Gothenburg for Sunday's friendly with Arsenal – but they didn't play any part in the game, despite City starting with a makeshift centre-back pairing of Aleksandar Kolarov and Fernando.
Vincent Kompany and Nicolas Otamendi missed the game through injury and Eliaquim Mangala was left at home with their future now in serious doubt.
Yet despite so much defensive uncertainty, Denayer, 21, still wasn't given an opportunity to impress.
Tosin Adarabioyo, 18, appears to have moved ahead of them in the pecking order, with Guardiola impressed by the Mancunian's ability - and Everton's John Stones is a big-money target.
Denayer is understood to be disillusioned with the situation and is weighing up their options.
They spent last season on loan at Galatasaray, playing 28 Super Lig and Champions League matches – and their manager Olde Riekering admitted last week they would like to see them return to Istanbul.
“At the moment Jason is back with Manchester City and I think he's very happy with their new coach,” they said last week before their side's friendly with Manchester United.
"Jason was here for us last season and we were very satisfied with their performance.  They are a young player but they adapted very well and deals with the pressure very well in the way they perform."
“He was an important player for us but now City are deciding whether they are going to keep them at the club next season.”
Denayer's representatives see a move back to Galatasaray as a possibility – but they are keeping their options open and are prepared to look elsewhere for a move that secures the player first-team football.
“I think we need to conduct large-scale research on the anti-vaccination movement to formulate solutions, and this should involve policymakers, researchers, the MUI, media and surveillance agencies” Agustina Kadaristiana, Doctormums
Related topics Health
Education
Disease
Medicine
Conflict
[JAKARTA] A spurt in diphtheria cases in Indonesia in 2017 is being attributed by doctors to an anti-vaccination movement mounted by religious orthodoxy.More than 600 people in predominantly Muslim Indonesia were infected with the causative bacterium (Corynebacterium diphtheria) this year, with at least 32 deaths, mostly children. The bulk of the cases are in the densely populated capital, Jakarta. Health officials say the number of diphtheria cases represents a 42 per cent hike over figures for 2016 and over 30 times about a decade ago.Agustina Kadaristiana, general practitioner and founder of Doctormums , a website which supports maternal and child health, says religious groups are undermining government drives against vaccination-preventable diseases.In August, a vaccination drive against measles and rubella was opposed by the Indonesian Council of Islamic Clerics (MUI), which declared that the vaccines contain material taken from pigs — an animal that is taboo in Islam.According to Kadaristiana, many Muslims believe that following ‘sunnah' (or the way of the Prophet) is enough protection against diseases. “I think we need to conduct large-scale research on the anti-vaccination movement to formulate solutions, and this should involve policymakers, researchers, the MUI, media and surveillance agencies,” they say.Jane Soepardi, director of surveillance and quarantine at Indonesia's health ministry, says that anti-vaccination sentiment in Indonesia is also linked to cultural differences. “We got 100 per cent uptake for the measles and rubella immunisation drive inEast Java this year because we gained the support of traditional leaders during the campaign.”East Java was the centre of a diphtheria outbreak in 2009 when no efforts were made to canvass support from traditional leaders. According to Soepardi, hundreds of people who visited the province during the Eid holidays that year got infected and spread the highly contagious disease across the archipelago.By 2012, infections had soared to 1,192 cases, according to health ministry statistics. While the numbers declined to 394 in 2014, they began to soar again over subsequent years.“The high mobility of Indonesian people is certainly one reason for the increasing number of diphtheria cases,” Soepardi says. “Now we have more than 600 cases in 21 provinces.” Another reason is insufficient vaccination coverage. Data from the health ministry's 2013 Basic Health Research documents show that about 25 per cent of Indonesian children in the 2—6 age group were not covered for diphtheria, pertussis and tetanus under the standard vaccination and were, therefore, vulnerable to these diseases.On 11 December, the health ministry launched ‘outbreak response immunisation' for children and adults as a measure to quickly isolate and contain spread of diphtheria.“We need to emphasise that vaccination is beneficial,” health minister Nila Moeloek said at the launch, hoping to allay public apprehension.The immunisation programme is deemed necessary and well-timed as Jakarta is one of the two host cities for 2018 Asian Games, which is expected to draw hundreds of delegates and athletes from other parts of Asia.This piece was produced by SciDev.Net's Asia & Pacific desk.
The November 1994 Battle of Grozny[1] was an attempt to oust the separatist Chechen government of Dzhokhar Dudayev, sponsored and aided by the government of the Russian Federation, by seizing the Chechen capital of Grozny. The attack was conducted by armed formations of the opposition Provisional Council, led by Umar Avturkhanov, with a clandestine support of Russian Federation's armor and aircraft on 26 November 1994. The fighting subdued after the first 10 hours, but some clashes continued until the following day.
The Russian government officially denied military involvement in the operation, but openly supported the Provisional Council.[2] The attack ended in failure, with 70 Russian soldiers being captured. Dudayev threatened to execute the Russian prisoners under Islamic law,[3] prompting the government in Moscow to demand that rebels free the captives and lay down their arms within 48 hours or face military intervention.[3] The incident led to the large-scale military invasion of the republic that began in December 1994.
Background [ edit ]
In the summer of 1994 the FSK (the former KGB and future FSB) began an active co-operation with leaders of the Chechen internal opposition against Dudayev, uniting them in a body named the Provisional Council of the Chechen Republic. Forces of Umar Avturkhanov (a former officer of the Soviet MVD) and Beslan Gantemirov (a former mayor of Grozny and Dudayev's ally-turned-enemy) received from Moscow not only money but also training and arms, including heavy weapons. The months of August and September saw the outbreak of fighting between the opposition and Dudayev's forces. By this time, the opposition had established a well armed force of several hundred men, equipped with armoured vehicles and covertly backed by Russian helicopters operating from an air base at Mozdok, Republic of North Ossetia–Alania. This military campaign climaxed in an attack on Grozny on 15–16 October, when the militias of Gantamirov (advancing north from the newly seized ChRI base at Gekhi) and Ruslan Labazanov (advancing south from Znamenskoye) unsuccessfully attempted to take the city by a joint assault for the first time (Labazanov alone had previously also attempted to enter Grozny on August 24).[4]
Disappointed by their failures and aware of their military weakness up to and after the October assault, the Chechen opposition, aided by an ethnic-Chechen former Chairman of the State Duma, Ruslan Khasbulatov, intensified their lobbying with the FSK and Russian president Boris Yeltsin's staff in favour of more direct involvement on Moscow's part. As a result, Avturkhanov and Gantemirov, who by then have joined their militias, received all the weapons, instructors, training and media support they requested, setting the ground for the final assault. In October, Russia's Defense Minister General Pavel Grachev ordered the formation of a special task force of the Main Operations Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, led by the Deputy Chief of the Main Operations Directorate Anatoly Kvashnin and General Leontiy Shevtsov.[4] Active duty tank crewmen from Russia's elite formations in the Moscow Military District, as well as other Russian personnel such as 18 helicopter crewmen from the North Caucasus Military District,[5] were recruited as a mercenary, provided with fake documents and sent into Chechnya. Transport of 50 additional armored vehicles were also brought in by the FSK.[6] The issues of recruitment (Russian tank commanders were reportedly offered an equivalent of $1,500 to participate in the coup) and transfer of weapons involved the Deputy Director of the FSK in charge of supervising the Caucasus, General Sergei Stepashin (his emissary to Chechnya was the FSK Colonel Khromchenko) and Russia's Deputy Minister for Nationalities, General Alexander Kotenkov, as well as their direct superior, Nikolai Yegorov.[7]
Attack [ edit ]
On 22 November, the Provisional Council began preparing their final assault on Grozny. A large group of Russian officers led Chief of General Staff, Mikhail Kolesnikov, flew from Moscow to Mozdok, and the direct supervision of combat operations was entrusted to the deputy commander of Russia's 8th Guards Army Corps from Volgograd, General Gennady Zhukov.[4] A convoy of Russian armored vehicles entered the territory of Chechnya. The first clash took place 10 kilometers from the border near Tolstoi-Yurt, when a small group of Dudayev's supporters ambushed the convoy and disabled two tanks. On the following day, en route towards Urus-Martan, the convoy was again attacked near the settlement of Alkhan-Kala (Yermolovka) resulting in a loss of another tank.[7] In spite of this, the pro-Dudayev's forces in Grozny were believed to be unable to organize resistance to such a large-scale attack.
On the morning of 26 November, the Russian and their Chechen allies entered the capital in the motorised columns advancing from two directions, Nadterechny District and Urus-Martanovsky District, supported by several unmarked federal attack aircraft. According to Chechen commander Dalkhan Kozayev, the coup force in Grozny numbered 42 T-72 main battle tanks, eight BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers, various other vehicles, a number of aircraft, and more than 3,000 men.[8] Russian sources give similar figures of about 40–42 tanks (by one count, 14 of them manned by the Chechen opposition and the rest by Russians[5]), supported from air by six helicopters[5] and six Sukhoi Su-27 air superiority fighters,[9] but give much lower figures of no more than 1,000–1,500 allied Chechen militiamen (including Labazanov's 30 remaining fighters after their militia was defeated at Argun[5]). The attack was met with an improvised but fierce defense by the Chechen government forces and loyalist militias (prominently the battle-hardened Abkhaz Battalion[5] made of veterans of the War in Abkhazia and led by Shamil Basayev) in the city center, including an ambush near the Chechen presidential palace and the fighting at the State Security headquarters, the railway station and the television center. Soon the assault turned into a disaster as the defenders burned or captured most of the attacking armored vehicles, capturing scores of Russian servicemen in the process (mostly after having trapped a large group of them in Kirov Park, Leninsky district), and completely routed the opposition.
Casualties [ edit ]
According to Western sources, over 300 people died and the attackers lost most of their vehicles; [6] in addition, four Russian helicopter gunships and one Sukhoi Su-25 close air support aircraft were reportedly downed. [10] According to the figures cited by Human Rights Watch and Armor , between 70 [11] and 120 [12] Russian service personnel were taken prisoner.
in addition, four Russian helicopter gunships and one Sukhoi Su-25 close air support aircraft were reportedly downed. According to the figures cited by Human Rights Watch and , between 70 and 120 Russian service personnel were taken prisoner. Dudayev's loyalists claimed killing 350 attackers, destroying about 20 tanks [13] and capturing four or five after the crews surrendered or fled. [8] According to a 2010 count by Kavkaz Center, 20 tanks, 23 armoured personnel carriers and 18 infantry fighting vehicles were destroyed; three tanks, eight APCs and four IFVs were captured; 300–450 opposition militia and 70 Russian mercenaries were killed; hundreds more were wounded; and 150–200 were taken prisoner, including about 35 officers of the Guards divisions Tamanskaya and Kantemirovskaya. [14] All that remained of the Russian tank force and the Chechen opposition formations had left the city on the same day.
and capturing four or five after the crews surrendered or fled. According to a 2010 count by Kavkaz Center, 20 tanks, 23 armoured personnel carriers and 18 infantry fighting vehicles were destroyed; three tanks, eight APCs and four IFVs were captured; 300–450 opposition militia and 70 Russian mercenaries were killed; hundreds more were wounded; and 150–200 were taken prisoner, including about 35 officers of the Guards divisions Tamanskaya and Kantemirovskaya. All that remained of the Russian tank force and the Chechen opposition formations had left the city on the same day. According to Russian sources, 40–50 men were taken prisoner (mostly Russian soldiers)[4][9] and all but 18 tanks were lost.[4][5] By one Russian count, the pro-Moscow forces suffered 40 killed and 168 wounded on the first day;[4] another Russian source alleged that 70 opposition fighters from Ken-Yurt who had surrendered at the TV station were then beheaded by Dudayev's National Guard.[5]
Aftermath [ edit ]
This defeat was catastrophic, not only in military but also in political terms. Any Russian complicity and knowledge of the operation was at first denied by Moscow, but then acknowledged after 20 captured Russian servicemen were paraded before television cameras[15] and Dudayev threatened to shoot them if Yeltsin would not recognise their own soldiers.[16] On 1 December, Yeltsin vowed to help the Russian prisoners, the first indirect acknowledgement of Russian involvement.[11]
A failure of the coup attempt exhausted Russia's means of waging war against Dudayev by proxy and led to Russia launching an all out direct invasion in December 1994. On 28 November, the Security Council of Russia met in an emergency meeting, adopting a secret decision to prepare a plan for a military operation in Chechnya within 14 days,[7] and Russia's Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin called on for Yeltsin to "restore the constitutional order in the Chechen Republic".[4] On the same day, a large air strike by the Russian military aviation eliminated every military and civilian aircraft available to Dudayev's government and destroyed the runways at both airfields near Grozny (the Khankala air base and at the Grozny Airport).[7] On 29 November, Yeltsin gave Chechnya 48 hours to disband all "illegal armed formations", disarm, and release all prisoners.[11] On 10 December 1994, tens of thousands of Russian regulars were ordered to move towards Grozny from Dagestan, Ingushetia and North Ossetia, and the First Chechen War officially began.
See also [ edit ]
WARNING: Wall-Of-Text post
I have a yet another dark secret to reveal.
I'm a owner of 1000 shares in SMRT. That makes me a shareholder of SMRT.
haolian in a public blog I know but I'll like to share a short tale behind this. What's 1000 shares though? It's peanuts! Not that kind of peanut of course. I paid $1.6k for it. Nothing noteworthy enough toin a public blog I know but I'll like to share a short tale behind this.
I would never forget a short debate with my best buddy a few years back about this investment decision. Their stand was that it was unethical for me to be part of the shareholders of the SMRT, a corporation that strived to serve their stake and shareholders instead of, rightfully, their customers.
My sin
By being a shareholder of the SMRT, I was indirectly guilty of causing the discomfort and miseries of commuters everyday. I couldn't rebut their point because they were right and I agreed with him. But I offered the reason behind my decision.
My justification
As a customer of the SMRT myself, I was subjected to unreasonable price hikes and I could not do a single thing about it. No one in the government seemed to be interested to stop these crap. The only thing I could do to protect myself against these hikes was to become one of the assholes holding their shares.
SMRT dividend history
If you look at the dividend history of SMRT, I received $85.00 for my trouble in 2010 as dividends. Using these dividends I collected from the SMRT would, I reckon, be somewhat a hedge against these price hikes. This suck, but I had to do it. I'm just a man and I have only 1 vote in every General Election.
As a shareholder of any company, I'll check their annual report every year. Since I bought their shares, SMRT has broken their net profit record year after year. From an investor point of view, it's ok to hold the shares, the company is doing well. From a consumer point of view, it is infuriating.
I'm sure my buddy finds me hypocritical complaining about the year-on-year record profits but my heart is true. I'm with the consumers instead of shareholders. I know it doesn't sound convincing but hey, somebody else worked for the Japs as a translator didn't he? If they get worshipped like a god I should get some empathy at the very least no?
My action:
When a CEO of a company that you invested in leaves the company, you have to sit up and take note. Something is happening and you have to make a decision to sell up or not. That's the investment basic. We know what happened a couple of days ago, Mr Saw resigned. Thus it is time for me as an investor to make a decision.
I'm not trained in technical analysis yet, I may try picking it up in future. But I have some useful insider info in the form of a farewell letter from Mr Saw as fundamental analysis information. Let's examine this:
Dear Colleagues,
In December 2011, I celebrated my 9 th anniversary with the Company, which I have grown to love and am very proud of. It has been my privilege and joy to serve with you and I am humbled by your dedication and commitment despite the challenging environment in which we operate. It moves me to see how you put your heart into your work; serving our customers to the best of your abilities.
And it is with a heavy heart that I write this letter to you. I have tendered my resignation and while my executive responsibilities will conclude on 6 January, I will remain with the Company to assist (appointing the cause to investigate the cause. World class government!) the relevant investigation teams and the Committee of Inquiry (COI) in their review of the causes of, and responses to, the disruptions to train operations in December, and with the transition to new executive leadership.
I believe the foundation for continuous success in SMRT has been firmly laid and I take pride in our collective achievements since 2002 up to now. (Self praise and forgot about collective failures) The Company has remained strong operationally and financially with solid performances in Trains and Commercial Divisions. Buses, Taxis and Automotive Services have continued to improve in a difficult operating environment.
The success of a leader is measured by the performance of the organisation they or they leaf behind and I feel the management of SMRT is in good hands. (Shameless self-praise again) We have an outstanding team led by Khoo Hean Siang in Trains and Teo Chew Hoon in Roads, both of whom are delivering continuous growth through exemplary management in what many consider to be unexciting businesses. The only regret I have is that I will not be here to see through the realisation of all of SMRT's business potential in the coming years. (She didn't regret dismissing valued staff during their tenure?)
The recent MRT disruptions have put our company under close public scrutiny, and we are subjected to on-going investigations and a public inquiry. Despite the negative attention on the Company, almost on a daily basis, you continued to serve with a heart. Unfortunately, amidst all the focus on the recent lapses, the outstanding work that is being achieved by you and your teams has gone largely unnoticed and unrecognised. I wish to take this opportunity to thank you for your dedication, perseverance and professionalism.
As promised, although I have resigned, I will fully participate in all the investigations. I will also work with our teams to make improvements and necessary changes that will allow us to better serve our customers. (What?! Wtf, kena sacked resigned still can make improvements and changes?) I am confident that together, we will come out stronger.
With my departure, the Board has appointed Mr Tan Ek Kia, a seasoned professional, as Executive Director and interim CEO to oversee the company until a new CEO is found. This ensures SMRT continues to be in good hands.
Lastly, I would like to offer my heartfelt appreciation to each and every one of you, the Board of Directors and Management Committee, whom I've worked closely with, for your generous support. There is no doubt in my mind that the best of SMRT will be in the years ahead of us. (I've heard this before. "Confidence for the future", "More good years ahead!" I'm uncomfortable..)
Phaik Hwa
My analogy
My thoughts after reading this farewell letter: This guy has no shame. They insisted that consumers do not appreciate SMRT's good work.
" the outstanding work that is being achieved by you and your teams has gone largely unnoticed and unrecognised."
Stop and think for a moment. How does customers give a company recognition? By being returning customers. Haven't we been returning customers? Well, If they aren't referring the consumers, it must be the Land Transport Authority. Screw the damn LTA! Either way, making the customer happy isn't their priority - right to the last second of them ... service, if any.
" The recent MRT disruptions have put our company under close public scrutiny"
Saw is dead wrong. It wasn't the recent MRT disruptions. The close public scrutiny started way before trains started breaking down. There were a spate of complains about overcrowding for years . They refused to acknowledge it and refute the claims with their statements such as "This isn't crush load," and "People can board the train, it is whether they choose to." If anything, Saw was the intrinsic reason behind public anger towards SMRT.
My conclusion
Consider this:
1. There was no salary revision or adjustment for staff within Saw's stint in SMRT.
2. Only 8% of the profit are budgeted for maintenance at their decision. Much of this came from the retrenchment of staff from the maintenance team.
3. The retrenchment sparked a mini riot in Bishan deport which went unreported. Staff obviously were unconvinced of their leadership.
4. Staff medical benefit for whole family remained unchanged at $350/year for 2 decades.
5. Price hikes for services over the years - you can't count them with a hand.
6. Prior to their stint, staff could buy SMRT shares between 1-5 lots at a discount, subjected to appraisal. This benefit was axed with only management staff allocated with shares. The ugly face of elitism.
7. The 3rd rail that caused the 'first major disruption in 25 years' was discovered to be unstable 2-3 years ago. It required upgrading or replacement yet nothing has been done to it because no budget was set for it. Until the claws gave way. Then they used famous invincible cable ties to do the stuff.
8. Buggies in 3 SMRT depots are so worn out but the management refused to change them. If these junk requires COE, they would be running down their 2nd COE in no time.
Amidst all these cost cutting at the expense of staff and customers, where did all the money go to? Shareholders like me? Balls! If you buy the stock at recent prices ($1.75 or so), the dividend yield is a mere 4%+. Is that a lot? My savings in my Australian bank account gives me 6% per annum.
So where did all the money goes to? Besides their $1.86 million per year salary and who knows how many months bonuses, where else? I didn't dig. I'm just a mere amateur investor. As an investor and consumer, I'm displeased with my findings.
My decision:
Image copyright AFP Image caption Close to 1,000 people were reportedly executed in Iran last year (file picture)
Iran has hanged up to 20 Sunni Muslim prisoners it says were involved in armed attacks.
State media said the group was executed on Tuesday, and was responsible for killing women and children between 2009 and 2011.
Iran, which is predominantly Shia, executed at least 977 people last year, according to Amnesty International.
Rights groups have criticised the latest executions, saying the trials were unfair.
The US-based group, International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran, said one of the men hanged, Shahram Ahmadi, claimed that the entire case against them was built on a forced confession.
None of the men's families were allowed to visit them before they were hanged, the organisation said.
Prosecutor-general Mohammad Javad Montazeri told Iranian television the men came from Kurdish areas and belonged to the extremist Tawhid and Jihad group.
Last year, Amnesty International said there had been a huge spike in the number of people executed in Iran, adding that courts were often "completely lacking in independence and impartiality".
The organisation said Iran was the second most prolific executioner in the world last year, after China, which executed more than 1,000 people.
After Iran, Pakistan executed 326 people, and Saudi Arabia 158 people, Amnesty International said.
The University of California, Irvine is encouraging students to attend “Safe Zone training” in response to the “offensive language” used to advertise an upcoming appearance by Milo Yiannopoulos.
According to The Tab, members of the Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) and College Republicans (CR) student groups placed several provocative posters around campus promoting Yiannopoulos' speech, sparking a backlash from classmates on social media and condemnation from the administration.
"Let me be clear: Bigotry has no place here or anywhere."
The event will be titled “Social Justice is Cancer,” alluding to a comment Yiannopoulos made recently at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst that reduced one progressive student to hysterics, a now-viral temper tantrum caught on video by Campus Reform.
Playing on Yiannopoulos' theme of antagonizing liberals with humorous references to their own homosexuality (his current speaking tour is called the “Dangerous Faggot” tour), the posters include messages such as “Make America *Gay* Again” and “If you can take a dick, you can take a joke!!!”
[RELATED: Milo posters vandalized at American University]
By Friday, the outcry had become so great that some students began to fear that the university would try to cancel the event, though others said they appreciated the online outrage for making them aware of Yiannopoulos' appearance.
Dr. Douglas Haynes, UCI Vice Provost for Academic Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion, subsequently sent an email to the campus community Monday night denouncing the “offensive language” used in the posters and recommending that students participate in “ Safe Zone training,” which Haynes credits with helping them become an “ally” to the LGBT community.
“Homophobia—as well as other forms of bias—contradicts our campus' enduring commitment to inclusive excellence. Let me be clear: Bigotry has no place here or anywhere,” Haynes wrote. “This type of incident should be a reminder about what connects us: UCI. Every member of our community has chosen to come to UCI to learn and teach and explore and create in an environment that is supportive and affirmative.”
The incident is “all the more distressing,” they added, because “it occurred a day after the third annual Anteater Equity Games,” which are dedicated to “learning about and appreciating the richness of our campus diversity, including the lesbian, bisexual, gay, transgender, and queer community.”
The UCI College Republicans responded to Haynes' email with posts on the Facebook event page for Yiannopoulos' speech, lamenting that the administration felt compelled to condemn the posters and pointing out that there was no such reaction when unnamed students tore down posters advertising an address by David Horowitz last week.
[RELATED: Conservatives accused of ‘hate speech' for posters criticizing ‘#JewHaters']
“The posters we created to promote the event, I have been told, invaded some ‘safe spaces',” CR President Ariana Rowlands told The Tab. “Despite their controversial nature, the posters generated a reaction … The posters did their job: they created a thought within the minds of students that they would not have otherwise had.”
The YAL group, however, was more circumspect, issuing a statement acknowledging that some of its members were involved in hanging the “inflammatory” posters, but adamantly denying that the messages had any official sanction, even as the group defended their content.
Pointing out that “the statements made on these posters are strictly direct quotes from Milo Yiannopoulos,” YAL argues that “anyone who takes issue with use of homophobic slurs ought to note that Milo has titled their speaking tour as ‘The Dangerous Faggot Tour' and this is simply a statement of fact, not at all an attempt to be derogatory.”
The group then goes on to distance itself from the posters, saying “our love of free speech is tempered with the recognition that inflammatory speech for the sake of being inflammatory is largely meritless,” and explaining that the goal in bringing Yiannopoulos to campus is merely “to bring an alternate perspective [to] the largely liberal and politically correct culture on our campus.”
On Sunday night, the CRs announced that the event had been postponed until June 2 due to scheduling conflicts with Yiannopoulos' other tour dates (he had originally been scheduled to appear on May 24), but Rowlands reassured those interested in attending that they had spoken with administrators, who told them the university has “no intention of shutting it down whatsoever.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @FrickePete
Under current state law, only a small subset of rape survivors qualify for such orders.
Justice and their shadow via Shutterstock
Anti-choice activists routinely pit the rights of pregnant people against the rights of their developing fetus as a means to justify policing their behavior and holding them criminally accountable for the outcomes of their pregnancies. But a recent case out of New York shows those efforts are not limited to abortion restrictions and prosecutions for feticide, but have even shown up in custody disputes.
The plaintiff in this most recent case lives in New York, but they used to live in San Diego, where they were working as a firefighter at Camp Pendleton. After becoming pregnant, they decided to quit firefighting and instead go to college, figuring as a single mother the benefits of a college degree outweigh the risks inherent in firefighting. After looking at colleges in California, Connecticut, and New York they decided to attend Columbia University and, at seven months pregnant, moved to New York to start school.
The plaintiff had no real relationship with the father of their child. They had no involvement in their decision to move, and around this time had married another woman. After the birth of their son, they declined invitations to come to New York and meet him. Assuming the father wanted no part in their son's life, the mother began a proceeding in New York courts to seek sole custody of the child. But once the father got notice of the custody action, they began their own proceeding in California. Confusingly, California uses the same form to begin a paternity proceeding as to begin a custody dispute ; in this case, the father told the court they were seeking both an order of paternity for a child not yet born and custody. To make matters worse, the father was able to quickly get an order from the California court granting paternity before the mother's attorneys had a chance to respond. With that order in hand, the father pushed for custody in California, arguing the decision to move while pregnant was “tantamount” to parental kidnapping.
With dueling custody actions in both New York and California, the courts had to decide where the proceeding would take place. The attorney for the father appeared in New York and argued the New York case should be dismissed, with the California court making the custody determination. Typically, the determination of where a custody case is to be heard is driven by the “home state” of the child. The mother argued that New York was the “home state” since their child had been born in the state and lived with them since birth. But the father argued the California court, which had already established paternity before the attorneys for the mother had notice of the proceedings, should ultimately determine custody.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
The New York Family Court agreed and, in May, granted their motion to dismiss the New York custody case. The reasoning of the family court referee shows a disturbing disregard for the rights, let alone the basic autonomy, of the mother. According to the court referee, the mother, by virtue of relocating from California to New York while pregnant, committed an “appropriation of the child [sic] while in uteri [that] was irresponsible, reprehensible.”
“The referee's decision had far-reaching implications for pregnant women, effectively stripping them of fundamental constitutional rights,” said Sarah Burns, professor of Clinical Law at NYU Law and director of the Reproductive Justice Clinic, in a statement released after a New York appellate court overturned that decision. Burns and their clinical students, joined by the National Advocates for Pregnant Women (NAPW), the New York Civil Liberties Union, and nine other organizations, filed a brief in the case, detailing just how the determination that moving while pregnant was an “appropriation of a child” would have far-reaching constitutional implications. If left standing, the referee's interpretation of the custody statute would place unconstitutional constraints on a person's basic life decisions, such as where they live, works, and attends school while pregnant. Lynn Paltrow, executive director of NAPW, explained the constitutional significance of the decision in a statement as well. “This decision affirms that women who become pregnant may not be penalized for exercising their rights to travel and to seek an education,” they said.
Last week's decision is significant for a number of reasons. To begin with, it reaffirmed that, as a general rule, courts cannot hear custody matters that are filed prior to birth, since a developing fetus should not be considered a child for custody determinations. More specifically, in this case, the court went further to underscore that the mother's relocation should not have been relevant to New York ‘s jurisdiction over the custody dispute in the first place. To make that move relevant, the court reasoned, men claiming to be fathers could limit the movement of pregnant women, and “[p]utative fathers have neither the right nor the ability to restrict a pregnant woman from their constitutionally-protected liberty.” Finally, the decision is a strong affirmation that a person does not give up their rights once they become pregnant, and that reproductive autonomy extends well beyond the initial decision to terminate or continue a pregnancy.
Correction: A version of this article referred to the group National Advocates for Pregnant Women as the National Association of Pregnant Women. We regret the error.
Newly designated Secretary of Defense James Mattis reportedly assured U.S. senators of their commitment to move forward with the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program, which President-elect Donald Trump previously suggested had problems.
Trump tweeted Dec. 22 that they were asking the Boeing corporation to offer a competitively priced alternative to the F-35 program, which is the current flagship fighter program of the U.S. The F-35 program is the most expensive weapons program in U.S. history, costing U.S. taxpayers nearly 400 billion dollars. Trump repeatedly expresses ire at the program's cost overruns, and indicates they are open to radical cost-saving maneuvers. The F-35 is built by defense contractor Lockheed Martin.
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal from North Carolina t0ld local Connecticut media that Mattis gave lawmakers a “clear commitment” to the F-35 program. “I was encouraged by their clear commitment to American air superiority and the important role of the F-35 program in sustaining and enhancing it,” Blumenthal said in a statement released after their meeting with Mattis.
Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson also gave Trump a “personal commitment” to “aggressively” drive costs down on the program.
The willingness of Mattis to express divergent views concerning defense programs and the military generally, is reportedly what endeared them to Trump, along with their reputation as a tough fighter.
In their initial interview with Trump, Mattis pushed back against Trump's professed desire to bring back enhanced interrogation techniques on suspected terrorists.
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Since 1971, the card game Uno has been popular among families everywhere. The four-colored card game is simple to learn, but strategizing and thinking ahead is a huge part of being successful. It has become a staple of nearly any family game night and is popular among people of all ages.
Uno was invented in 1971 by a man named Merle Robbins. Supposedly, they had an argument with their son about the rules of another popular card game, Crazy Eights.
As a resolution to the disagreement, Robbins invented a new card game and dubbed it “Uno.” This makes sense as the game is very similar to Crazy Eights. The player has to match the color or number played before them or them There are wild cards, essentially taking the place of the “crazy eights,” but there are several other action cards that distinguish Uno from its inspiration.
After becoming the card game of choice of the Robbins', the family saved up $8,000 and manufactured the first 5,000 Uno decks, selling them out of Merle's barber shop. By 1981, the game was hugely popular, so Merle sold the rights to the game to International Games for $50,000 plus royalties. The card game is now produced by Mattel and is still going strong.
In lieu of the success of Uno, there have been countless versions of the game, similar to the editions in Monopoly. These versions range from Peanuts Uno to NSYNC Uno. There is also a version of Uno for various sports teams, mostly from the MLB and NFL. There have also been various spinoff games, the most popular of which is Uno Stacko, a game that bears a striking resemblance to Jenga.
But now, in this electronic age we live in, this classic card game has naturally progressed to the world of video games. A handheld version of the game exists, and for only a few bucks, one can download the game on any current generation console on the market today. And yes, it can even be downloaded to your cell phone, meaning you can now play it literally anywhere.
What's next for this increasingly popular card game? It's impossible to tell. But as long as technology keeps advancing and the game remains popular, you can bet that it will continue to bring fun and entertainment to people of all ages.
What the Infotech/Telecom Revolution Has Actually Done
There's a great deal of talk about how wonderful modern technology is. The internet, cell phones, and computers are the stars of this firmament. I believe such talk is somewhat overblown; the latest tech revolution is not as significant as many that have come before.
At least not in terms of doing good.
Let us examine what all this infotech really has changed.
Control. Massive control. Surveillance.
Just in time inventory. Not possible 50 years ago.
Second to second tracking of workers without having to have a supervisor physically watching them. Amazon warehouse workers carry devices which allow their workflow to be tracked to the second. And if they aren't making their seconds, the supervisor is right on them. This wasn't possible 30 years ago. If you wanted to have that sort of control, you had to have a supervisor physically watching them, and the cost was prohibitive.
This sort of tracking is used for clerical workers as well.
Outsourcing work that had to be kept domestic before. The massive call centers in Delhi and Ireland were not possible even 30 years ago. The cost was simply prohibitive.
Offshoring work, like manufacturing, was difficult to offshore before. Without real-time, high-density communications, cutting edge manufacturing overseas was very difficult in the past. You could offshore some things, certainly, but those industries tended to be mature industries: shipbuilding, textiles, and so on. Cutting edge industries, no, they had to be located close to the boffins or they were offshored to another, essentially First World country–as when Britain offshored much of their production to the United States in the late 19th century.
Commercial surveillance. Everything you buy is cross-referenced. When you buy something at a major retailer, the store takes a picture of you and matches it with your information. All online purchase information is stored and centralized in databases. This information is shared. This includes, but goes far beyond, internet surveillance; witness Google or Facebook serving you ads based on what you've read or searched. Add this data to credit reports, bank accounts, and so on, and it provides a remarkably complete picture of your life, because everything you buy with anything but cash (and even some of that) is tracked. Where you are when you buy it is also tracked.
Government surveillance. Millions of cameras in London and most other First World cities. Millions of cameras in Chinese cities. Some transit systems now have audio surveillance. Because the government can seize any private surveillance as well, you can assume you're being tracked all day in most First World cities. Add this to the commercial surveillance system described above and the picture of your life is startlingly accurate.
As biometric recognition system comes online (face, gait, infrared, and more) this work will be done automatically.
What the telecom and infotech revolution has done is enabled wide scale CONTROL and SURVEILLANCE.
These are two sides of the same coin, you can't control people if you don't what they're doing.
This control is most dictatorial, amusingly, in the private sector. The worse a job is, the more this sort of control has been used for super-Taylorization, making humans into little more than remotely controlled flesh robots.
It has made control of international conglomerates far easier; control from the top to the periphery far easier. This is true in the government and the military as well, where central commanders often control details like when bombs drop, rather than leaving it to a plane's crew.
This is a world where only a few people have practical power. It is a world, not of radical decentralization, but of radical centralization.
This is a vast experiment. In the past, there have been surveillance and control societies. But the math on them has always been suspect. Sometimes they work, and work brilliantly–like in Tokugawa Japan, certain periods of Confucian Chinese bureaucratic control, or ancient Egypt.
But often they have been defeated, and fairly easily, by societies which allowed more freedom; less control, less spying, and supervision. Societies which assumed people knew what to do on their own; or just societies that understood that the cost of close supervision and surveillance was too high to support.
The old East German Stasi model, with one-third of the population spying on the other two-thirds was the ludicrous extension of this.
What the telecom and infotech revolutions have actually enabled is a vast experiment in de-skilling, surveillance, and control–beyond the dreams even of the late 19th century Taylorist movement, with their stopwatches and assembly lines. Nothing people do, from what they eat, to what entertainment they consume, to when and how well they sleep; let alone everything they do during their working day, is beyond reach.
This is not to say there are no good results from infotech and computers—there are plenty. But contrary to the idea that these technologies would increase freedom, they appear, on a daily basis, to have decreased freedom and privacy and promise to radically reduce them even more.
The second set of questions about any technology are how it can be used for violence, how it can be used for control, and how it can be used for ideological production.
(The first question, of course, is what is required to use it. More on that another time.)
Infotech may enable totalitarian societies which make those of the past look like kindergarten. We are already far past the technology used in the novel 1984 (Big Brother could not record, for example). That much of this surveillance is done by private actors as opposed to the government, does not reduce the loss of freedom, autonomy, and privacy.
Combined with making humans obsolete, infotech and the telecom revolution are as vastly important as their boosters say.
But, so far, not in a beneficial way. Yes, they could be used to make human lives better, it seems the real traction of the telecom and infotech revolutions remarkably began/coincided with neo-liberal policies which have hurt vast numbers of people in both the First and Third Worlds–precisely because they helped make those neo-liberal policies work.
Technologies are never neutral and there is no guarantee that “progress” will actually improve people's lives. Even if a technology has the potential to improve people's lives, potential is theoretical; i.e., not the same as practice.
Infotech and telecom tech are primarily control technologies, the same as writing was. They vastly increase the ability to centralize and to control a population's behaviour.
(Read also: The Late Internet Revolution is Not So Big A Deal)
If you enjoyed this article, and want me to write more, please DONATE or SUBSCRIBE.
Toshiba has halted production of HD DVD players and recorders and is close to making a decision on whether to throw in the towel on the high-definition movie disc format, Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported Saturday evening.
The decision, which NHK said will likely cost the company several tens of billions of dollars, is being made in the face of flagging support by movie studios and major U.S. retailers.
"We are making considerations following the impact on sales of Warner's announcement but we haven't made any decision," said Keisuke Ohmori, a spokesperson for Toshiba, when reached on Saturday evening. They were referring to the January decision by Warner Bros to stop issuing movies on HD DVD and go solely with Blu-ray Disc.
Other local media reports on Saturday said an official announcement from Toshiba is likely in the coming week.
HD DVD has been battling Blu-ray Disc for just under two years to become the defacto replacement for DVD for high-definition video. HD DVD is backed by Toshiba and a handful of other companies including Microsoft and Intel but Blu-ray Disc counted a larger number of consumer electronics heavy hitters. The main backer of the format is Sony and other supporters include Panasonic, Sharp, Samsung, LG and Philips.
Both formats delivered a similar audio and video quality and the main difference comes down to the movies available on each format. Most movie studios have taken one side or the other so consumers are left with a difficult decision. As a result many have walked away from stores with neither an HD DVD nor Blu-ray Disc player and the market has performed poorly.
The Warner Bros decision in January has been seen by many as the beginning of the end for HD DVD. With Warner pulling out HD DVD only two of the major Hollywood studios, Paramount and Universal, are left backing the format.
In the weeks since the Warner announcement things have gotten worse for HD DVD. In the last week Netflix, an Internet-based movie rental company in the U.S., said it would cease supporting HD DVD and then on Friday Wal-Mart, the largest retailer in the U.S., said it would stop selling HD DVD in favor of Blu-ray Disc.
In a reflection of the seriousness of the administration's debate, Mr. Obama said Tuesday that they were keeping their options open on arming the rebels. “I'm not ruling it out, but I'm also not ruling it in,” Mr. Obama told NBC News. “We're still making an assessment partly about what Qaddafi's forces are going to be doing. Keep in mind, we've been at this now for nine days.”
But some administration officials argue that supplying arms would further entangle the United States in a drawn-out civil war because the rebels would need to be trained to use any weapons, even relatively simple rifles and shoulder-fired anti-armor weapons. This could mean sending trainers. One official said the United States might simply let others supply the weapons.
The question of whether to arm the rebels underscores the difficult choices the United States faces as it tries to move from being the leader of the military operation to a member of a NATO-led coalition, with no clear political endgame. It also carries echoes of previous American efforts to arm rebels, in Angola, Nicaragua , Afghanistan and elsewhere, many of which backfired. The United States has a deep, often unsuccessful, history of arming insurgencies.
Mr. Obama pledged on Monday that they would not commit American ground troops to Libya and said that the job of transforming the country into a democracy was primarily for the Libyan people and the international community. But they promised that the United States would help the rebels in this struggle.
In London, Mrs. Clinton and other Western leaders made it clear that the NATO-led operation would end only with the removal of Colonel Qaddafi, even if that was not the stated goal of the United Nations resolution.
Mrs. Clinton — who met for a second time with a senior opposition leader, Mahmoud Jibril — acknowledged that as a group, the rebels were largely a mystery. “We don't know as much as we would like to know and as much as we expect we will know,” they said at a news conference.
Video
In their testimony, Admiral Stavridis said, “We are examining very closely the content, composition, the personalities, who are the leaders of these opposition forces.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The coalition members discussed other ways to help the rebels, like humanitarian aid and money, Mrs. Clinton said. Some of the more than $30 billion in frozen Libyan funds may be channeled to the opposition.
But a spokesperson for the rebels, Mahmoud Shammam, said they would welcome arms, contending that with weaponry they would already have defeated Colonel Qaddafi's forces. “We ask for political support more than arms,” Mr. Shammam said, “but if we have both, that would be good.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
So far, the rebels have obtained arms from defecting Qaddafi loyalists, as well as from abandoned ammunitions depots.
A European diplomat said France was adamant that the rebels be more heavily armed and was in discussions with the Obama administration about how France would bring this about. “We strongly believe that it should happen,” said the diplomat, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Senator Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat and chairperson of the Armed Services Committee, said they had had conversations with two senior administration officials about this issue. Mr. Levin said they were most concerned about how the rebels would use the weapons after a cease-fire. “Would they stop fighting if they had momentum, or would they be continuing to use those weapons?” they asked.
Gene A. Cretz, the American ambassador to Libya, said last week that they were impressed by the democratic instincts of the opposition leaders and that they did not believe that they were dominated by extremists. But they acknowledged that there was no way to know if they were “100 percent kosher, so to speak.”
Bruce O. Riedel, a former C.I.A. analyst and a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , said some who had fought as insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan were bound to have returned home to Libya. “The question we can't answer is, Are they 2 percent of the opposition? Are they 20 percent? Or are they 80 percent?” they said.
Even if the administration resolves these concerns, military officials said it was unclear to them how an effort to arm the rebels would be carried out.
They said the arms most likely to be of use were relatively light and simple shoulder-fired anti-armor weapons for defense against tanks, as well as rifles like Soviet AK-47s and communications equipment. Although these weapons are not especially sophisticated, months, if not years, of on-the-ground training would still be necessary.
Even with training, anti-armor weapons and rifles would allow the rebels only to consolidate their gains and hold the territory they have, said Nathan Freier, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The number of games confirmed to be releasing for the Nintendo NX console are slim right now, but today one indie title joins the small list.
Developer Bplus has announced that its video game called “Tank it!” will be released on Steam and also the Nintendo NX. The game will be out on PC first in Fall 2016 and coming to Nintendo's console in 2017.
Tank it! sounds like a violent game as it's described as a “realistic and bloody war simulation game”. It wants to show us how bloody war can be as civilians can be killed due to collateral damage and more.
Here's a brief description: “In Tank it! you command a drone to remotely control a heavy tank. You receive the mission to travel to remote villages, find and destroy the target military camps and eliminate all terrorists. But as in real life, there are many civilians in the villages, as well. The terrorists and civilians alike are at the player's mercy. It is up to the player alone to decide how to handle this mission.”
The game's developer, Bernd Geiblinger, said in the press release that they want to spread a message with this game. War is basically horrible because it's not just soldiers getting killed as civilians always get caught in the crossfire.
Image: NASA
Photosynthesis sure is a miracle, isn't it? It allows plants, bacteria, and algae to take carbon dioxide and, with the help of a little sunlight, turn it into the oxygen we all breathe. But now scientists have taken photosynthesis out of the equation and have managed to make oxygen (O2) by zapping carbon dioxide (CO2) with a laser.
In chemistry, the general wisdom is that molecules, if we were to anthropomorphize them, are lazy. Carbon dioxide, when its bonds are broken into its component parts, takes the "minimum energy path," meaning it will break into one oxygen atom and a carbon monoxide molecule (CO), because, as chemists Arthur Suits and David Parker explain in a new analysis in Science, CO "possesses a much more stable diatomic bond than O2."
If I were to do an ASCII art version of what the chemical bonds in carbon dioxide look like, it would be something like this:
O=C=O
Carbon is double bonded to the oxygen atoms, and it's way easier, chemically speaking, to simply lop off one of those bonds and create a CO molecule and an oxygen atom.
So, the conventional wisdom has been that under almost all circumstances, it'd be impossible to take carbon dioxide—say, from a human's exhalation, for instance—and turn it back into gaseous oxygen, which would require two oxygen atoms. But then, researchers at the University of California, Davis decided to try doing just that by exciting carbon dioxide using what's known as a "high energy vacuum ultraviolet laser."
It turns out that, in a highly excited (and still anthropomorphized) state, carbon dioxide and other molecules have a bit more energy to skip that minimum energy path and, like any agitated person/molecule, feel like "roaming," which is a chemical phenomenon in which chemical bonds will break in other ways.
The UC Davis researchers found that the chemical bonds did indeed break in other ways, and were able to turn carbon dioxide back into oxygen and a single carbon atom (they also describe the discovery in Science).
Suits and Parker explain it in their analysis like this:
These CO2 results may be an example of roaming, a particularly striking class of reactions that has emerged in recent years, in which an excited molecule begins to dissociate by simple bond fission, but instead, an intramolecular reaction takes place that leads to unexpected products.
It's a great discovery that could tell us something about how Earth's atmosphere formed. In fact, vacuum ultraviolet light may commonly interact with carbon dioxide in the upper atmosphere, where the Sun's light hits molecules in the vacuum of space.
Most of the oxygen on Earth came from the "Great Oxygenation Event," which scientists think was a photosynthetic-led occurrence occurring roughly 2.4 billion years ago. But more recently, scientists have argued that there had to at least be small amounts of oxygen somewhere in the Earth's atmosphere for that event to originally occur, and this finding would evidently be one explanation for how that oxygen could have existed.
And, because it's a Friday and because we like to look at the far future here at Motherboard, think of what the finding could potentially mean: This experiment proves that we have the means, here on Earth, to take a waste product of human respiration and turn it back into the input.
I reached out to the authors of this study about whether they thought the finding had any implications for far-future devices where you could create, say, a closed-system respiratory apparatus where people in space could breathe out carbon dioxide and some small vacuum ultraviolet laser could blast it back into into oxygen that could be breathed again.
None of the researchers I emailed responded to me, unfortunately, but, in their analysis, Suits and Parker note that new avenues and alternatives to high energy vacuum ultraviolet lasers are being researched to induce roaming. High energy vacuum ultraviolet lasers do, after all, seem like they would require a lot of power to operate—which could potentially negate any climate benefit, if your mind has gone there—but hey, you never know.
At the very least, it should give sci-fi writers some new material to work with.
In an about face move that demonstrated stronger support for the country's public health, the government said on Wednesday that it refused to deliberate the controversial tobacco bill, which seeks to boost cigarette production while dismissing the dangers of smoking.
This is the second time the government has rejected such a proposal from the House of Representatives after the bill was also voided last year following opposition from the Health Ministry to jointly deliberating the bill.
Ending their ambivalence on tobacco, President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo, whose administration had earlier issued a road map for the industry that sought to triple cigarette production to 524 billion by 2020, made a bold move that puts them against one of the country's oldest industries and which employs millions of workers.
Cabinet Secretary Pramono Anung said Jokowi would not issue a presidential letter (Surpres) to approve the House proposal to start discussion of the bill.
Without the letter, the House cannot begin deliberations because all bills must be both discussed by representatives of the government and the House. If the House does not receive a letter from the government by the given deadline of March 19, the bill will be voided.
“There is no Surpres [to be issued by the President in this case],” Pramono told reporters at the State Palace, adding that the President had instructed Trade Minister Enggartiasto Lukita and State Secretary Pratikno to pay a visit to the House to deliver the government's stance.
During a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Health Minister Nila Moeloek, Manpower Minister Hanif Dhakiri and Industry Minister Airlangga Hartarto told Jokowi that if the bill was passed into law then it would contravene a number of prevailing laws handled by the three ministries.
(Read also: Fate of tobacco bill continues to hang in balance)
The Health Ministry has long campaigned for stronger tobacco control, which is crucial to saving around 200,000 Indonesians who die every year from tobacco-related illnesses and to save Rp 378 trillion (US$28.35 billion) in economic losses caused by smoking.
In their opening remarks during Tuesday's Cabinet meeting, Jokowi, however, expressed doubts on the matter, saying that they could understand the concerns raised by the Health Ministry because the government had to take care of the health of its people, but the welfare of those who worked in tobacco industry should also be taken into consideration.
The bill was initially dropped from the 2016 National Legislation Program (Prolegnas) by the Health Ministry, which was appointed by Jokowi to lead the discussion at the House.
However, the comeback of Golkar Party politician Setya Novanto as House speaker paved the way for the inclusion of the bill in the 2017 Prolegnas.
Separately, the House Legislation Body (Baleg), which is assigned to deliberate the bill, has reminded the government to be cooperative, arguing that the bill will protect the domestic tobacco industry, while at the same time benefiting local tobacco farmers.
“If the government refuses to discuss the bill, which is the initiative of the House, we will also refuse to deliberate any bills initiated by the government in the future,” Baleg deputy speaker Firman Subagyo of Golkar said on Wednesday.
The politician suspected foreign intervention in pushing the government to kill the bill, as the draft restricted foreign tobacco companies operating in the country.
Firman said the majority of political factions at the House shared the same opinion and thus agreed to continue the deliberation.
Italy will send a detachment of around 500 soldiers to defend Iraq's largest dam, a year after it was wrestled from the control of Isil by Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes .
The troops will provide security for an Italian firm that has been awarded the contract to repair the Mosul dam, which is located around 40 miles north of the city of Mosul – now in the hands of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil).
When the dam was overrun by Isil in August last year, there were fears that the extremist group would try to blow it up, unleashing a tidal wave of water which could have hit Baghdad, 240 miles to the south, and other cities downstream on the Tigris River.
With the city of Mosul under the control of the Islamist militia, the deployment represents an escalation of Italy's involvement in the multinational effort to combat the jihadist group.
It has so far refused to commit military aircraft to the bombing of Isil in either Syria or Iraq, unlike Britain, France, the US and other allied countries, as well as Russia.
It has deployed drones and Tornado planes in the region, but they only carry out reconnaissance missions.
The deployment of soldiers was announced by Matteo Renzi, the prime minister, who warned that if the dam fell into the hands of Isil again, “Baghdad would be destroyed”.
The dam was located “in the heart of a dangerous area, bordering the Islamic State", Mr Renzi said.
"It is seriously damaged and if it collapses Baghdad would be destroyed."
Paolo Gentiloni, the foreign minister, said the mission was “an important strategic intervention” in an area “very close to that controlled by Daesh" (an alternative name for Isil).
An Italian company, Trevi, won a $2 billion (£1.3 billion) contract to repair the dam, but work has been held up by the precarious security situation.
“We are not going there to fight but to carry out work to save the dam, which is a fundamental piece of infrastructure for the future of Iraq,” said Roberta Pinotti, the defence minister.
“Our soldiers will go there to protect the employees of the Italian firm that will carry out the work.”
There was speculation in the Italian press that the troops might come from an elite unit of paratroopers called the “Folgore” or Thunderbolts.
The dam, built in the 1980s under the regime of Saddam Hussein, is a vital source of water and hydro-electric power for Mosul, the largest city in northern Iraq.
The city has been under the control of Isil since June last year.
Italy already has 750 soldiers in Iraq, most of them involved in training local forces.
In the next five years, there will likely be a team that fields an all-homegrown starting lineup. It may be LA, it might be Vancouver, it will probably be Dallas, but what if it was New York? It couldn't happen tomorrow, but it isn't unreasonable to imagine it might at least be possible for the New York Red Bulls to be ready to field a starting eleven entirely made up of homegrown, academy players within the next few years.
Now, what would that start XI look like? Assuming New York keeps its current tactical preferences, it could look a little like this.
Who's here?
Six of the players in this lineup are already on the New York Red Bulls. Sean Davis, Connor Lade, and Alex Muyl are the team's first choices off the bench. Tyler Adams has played first team minutes at only 17, and Brandon Allen and Derrick Etienne have played extensively for New York Red Bulls II this year.
Two players are currently on NYRB II. Konrad Plewa is II's all-time minutes leader. After playing in New York's academy in high school and then four years at Seton Hall, Plewa signed to II last year and has been exceptionally consistent ever since despite playing at right mid, defensive mid, center back, and now right back. Dan Metzger, now fully recovered from a torn ACL suffered midway through last season, was supposed to be one of the top midfielders coming out of college last year but their combine and preseason with DC United (who drafted and then released him) were hampered by injuries. If they stay healthy, Metzger is more than capable of improving to becoming an MLS-level defensive midfielder.
Two players are currently in college. Goalkeeper is a homegrown hole now that Santi Castaño has departed, but Evan Louro, an academy graduate now at Michigan, could be at MLS level in a few years. Kevin Politz has started at center back for Wake Forest during their first-year student and sophomore years. For the Morganville native to get so much playing time for one of the very best teams in college at such a young age, he'll certainly be MLS ready in another two years.
Lastly, Mason Deeds is still currently in the academy. The young center back has already appeared for NYRBII on an amateur contract and has long been considered one of the best players in New York's academy setup. He's already trained at Salzburg and Leipzig, and despite appearing to be joining Georgetown in a few months, the team is incredibly interested in their progress.
Who could be there?
Adam Najem- Akron midfielder widely considered the best midfielder in college and one of the best college players period. Their brother David recently signed for NYRBII, mending bridges that once appeared to have been burned. Arun Basuljevic- Rising-sophomore at Georgetown now. Two-way midfielder who won the national first-year student of the year and was one of the last cuts from Tab Ramos' U20 World Cup team that featured Gedion Zelalem, Kellyn Acosta, and Emerson Hyndman in the midfield. Noah Powder- 17 year-old left back currently playing for NYRBII and the U18's. Impressing many with their USL play and doesn't yet have a college commitment.
Who's not there?
No former homegrown players were used in the making of this roster. No one who has been cut - e.g. Scott Thomsen, Mael Corboz, Chris Thorsheim, Santi Castaño - transferred, or traded has been included. However, if Matt Miazga or Juan Agudelo wanted to return to the team, they could certainly crack this roster. Additionally, there are academy alums now in Europe at clubs like PSG and Manchester United. The likes Russel Canouse, Matt Olosunde, Timothy Weah, or Kyle Duncan would be a welcome addition to New York in the coming years.
Do you think New York will be the first team with an All Homegrown XI? Who are you looking forward to most of New York's prospects?
Gotta keep my eyes from the circling sky
tongue-tied and twisted
Just an earthbound misfit eye
Learning to Fly - Pink Floyd
Hard to look for glimmers in an otherwise bleak year. The latest injury and surgery (ACL) on guard Nate Robinson is looking like the final nail in the coffin in a year of calamity that began with the ACL injury of Danilo Gallinari on April 4th of 2013. Sometimes things aren't meant to be, and it seems that for new head Coach Brian Shaw and new General Manager started off on a misstep. It's not fatal, but it is a bit on the depressing side if you are a fan.
Stashed away in Europe on the team Partizan Belgrade is Nuggets 2013 NBA Draft second round pick (King) Joffrey Lauvergne. A native of France like their fellow Nuggets draftee Evan Fournier, the 6'-9" power forward has been quietly impressing Nuggets scouts since their acquisition in June of last year. Seems to have a knack for rebounding and field goal efficiency. May be perfect for a more half court centric offense.
Here are some stats for your enjoyment.
Additionally here are some video highlights of Lauvergne so far (with some nice English narration)
Seems to have some great interior post moves. It's good to see a Nuggets draft pick (rights held) doing well in that crazy atmosphere in Serbia (which, based on everything I've heard is comparable to Oracle in Oakland). I have to admit this is eye opening for me. I have paid very little attention to the Nuggets picks that went overseas (or were there anyway) so to see highlights like this is very, very impressive.
Also, Nuggets other second round draft pick Erick Green is currently playing for Montepaschi Siena in Italy. Their numbers are doing well, and you can tell that the development they are receiving will help them should they make the jump to the NBA soon. If they don't re-sign in the Euroleague then I anticipate they will try their hand at Nuggets camp next season.
In the grand scheme of things, maybe the way of the future for the Nuggets is solid European scouting. Nate Timmons and I had the pleasure of talking extensively with Nuggets European scout Rafal Juc at camp this year, and they have a fascinating story. Their ability to scout players is very impressive and they Know Europe.
Tim Connelly talked about their background in European scouting in December on Colorado Sports Guys. You can listen to their conversation with Nate Timmons and myself right here. CSG 153: Talking hoops with Tim Connelly.
It seems that the Nuggets "wave of the future" may be with a greatly advanced scouting system in Europe. Long gone are the days when the likes of Bernie Bickerstaff could draft a guy like Efthimios Rentzias without ever laying eyes on him. Also, gone are the days when Kiki Vandeweghe could draft guys like Nicoloz Tskitishvili and fall in love with Darko Milicic with the benefit of only one workout pre-draft. Many NBA teams have advanced scouting networks throughout Europe and the rest of the world. Things aren't nearly as hit and miss. A player like Dante Exum can get hype in the NBA draft now without most of the common fan seeing them at all. Scouts just know.
There is a big change in thought, specifically from Americans, that is slowly dawning on many American sports fans. The NBA is very much a global game, and advancing to places like Europe, South America, Russia and Asia has helped expand it's reach. There are many, many gifted players who are sprinkled throughout the world and if a team like the Nuggets can exploit that for their benefit, then all the better. I think the rather provincial mindset of many Americans will crumble once they realize how good these players are.
Am I grasping at positive straws in a bleak year? Maybe. I think the Nuggets know after their bad experiences with Carmelo Anthony and Andre Iguodala that they need to recruit the "type" of player to Denver who would be inclined to make this city their home. That is very hard to find, and it's even harder to find a superstar with that mentality. Maybe, by expanding their eye and looking for amazing diamonds in the rough they can increase their chances of landing both a great player ... and one that would make Denver their own.
That's all anyone can hope for.
***
Twitter: @jmorton78
mortonagency@juno.com
Hey! I recently attended the Nordic Game Conference, where Sony had a few lectures, and i got to speak to some of them.
Technically, now we can all get our games on the PS4 - even with Construct 2.
Earlier the developer needed the proper tools and SDK, with a painful road from prototype to PSN - generally a messy system. Now however, you can send a pitch/design document, along with a demo (any platform). So basically if you have a really awesome project made in Construct 2 you can send it to Sony for approval.
Problem is of course, you'd still have to port it if you got the green light. What I'm thinking is that, if you get that greenlight from Sony on your C2 demo/game, there shouldnt be a problem to get the amount of funding needed to port it, or even get some programmers do it on a hobby-basis. Who wouldnt want to participate in a project due to release on PS4?
What do you guys think? I see it as a possibility, of course not a seamless alternative, and definitely not for everyone - but Sony is basically giving "everyone" a shot at a spot within the PS4 library of games.
BioWare's next Dragon Age game appears to borrow the better of the series first two games, Dragon Age: Origins and Dragon Age 2, bringing with it the return of multiple playable races, the return of Tactical View mode in combat situations and updated combat that aims to strike a balance with weighty and physical, but also very responsive battles.
And for the first time, in Dragon Age: Inquisition, the series' Qunari race — both male and female — will be playable, joining humans, elves and dwarves. Players will be able to assume direct control of their followers and have a wealth of combat options available to them.
BioWare calls Inquisition its biggest Dragon Age game to date. That's a common video game sequel claim, but at PAX Prime, the developer showed off a section of the game set in an area called Crestwood, a location that executive producer Mark Darrah said is bigger than the entirety of Dragon Age 2. As a result, BioWare has added mounts that helps speed up the travel across Inquisition's vast land. While not quite an open world, the areas of Dragon Age: Inquisition are massive and sprawling, and, based on the demo of Crestwood that BioWare showed at PAX, offer memorable moments of cresting a vista and seeing the vastness of Dragon Age's fantasy land.
Creative director Mike Laidlaw said that BioWare is attempting to bring back the size and scope that "maybe we were missing from Dragon Age 2." That will manifest in the game's encounters with dragons, which the developer says will be "very present" in Inquisition and part of the game's long-term gameplay.
"We rebuilt them from the ground up," Laidlaw said. "They are part of the world and... each is designed to be a unique encounter. They fly, breathe fire, smash through the terrain... they're massive beasts."
Players will assume the role of an Inquisitor in the next Dragon Age, leading the Inquisition against the invasion of demons that pour through an aurora-like tear in the sky. This catastrophe plays out as the empire finds itself embroiled in a civil war and templars and mages battle for supremacy.
"What starts to become apparent is there's too much chaos for it to be coincidental," Laidlaw said, and players are tasked with restoring order while everyone else is too busy fighting their own personal battles.
Combat in Inquisition, BioWare says, has been designed to strike a balance between Origins and Dragon Age 2, blending action with tactical strategy. The Tactical View option, introduced in the PC version of Origins, will return with Inquisition, giving players a top-down view of the action so inquisitors can plan out their attacks. Players will be able to switch between characters in real-time while paused, planning magic attacks with an Enchanter, for example, then swapping to their inquisitor for hand-to-hand combat.
The combat gameplay we saw looked fast-paced but weighty. The inquisitor in our demo was outfitted with a grappling hook chain that pulled distant enemies close to him, then followed up with a flurry of attacks with a great sword. The inquisitor's melee attacks were complemented by magic attacks from followers. In one instance, they stripped an enemy of their magical shielding, leaving them open to physical attacks. In another, they rained down fireballs on a group of cultists.
Inquisitors will have other tactical options available to them in combat, including the option to use the environment against enemies. In a raid on a cultist-occupied keep, the group attack a group of infantry and archers, freezing the former then destroying the wooden bridge the latter were firing from.
Combat may be made more difficult by limitations placed on the number of consumables players will have access to and the fact that your party won't have their health automatically restored at the conclusion of a combat encounter. Darrah said players will have to manage their resources wisely and think longer term, not just about the next encounter.
Another tactical component of Inquisition players will have to consider is the occupation of keeps. Players will be able to conquer and reclaim occupied keeps that serve as strongholds and help to expand the influence of the inquisition. Expanding your keeps will make new regions of the world available to you, and inquisitors will be able to customize the function of each keep, choosing to focus on commerce, military strength, intelligence gathering and more.
Inquisition will also include a few tweaks to the dialogue system. While selecting dialogue options, players will be able to see a clear explanation of action what a dialogue choice may result in. Players won't have to rely just on the paraphrasing of spoken dialogue between their inquisitor and a follower or non-player character. Players can also back out of conversations they don't feel like engaging in, should they errantly interact with an NPC.
BioWare looks like it's finding the right footing with Dragon Age: Inquisition, plucking from the better aspects of its forebears and making welcome changes to familiar systems. The developer still has a long way to go — even though the game is already looking strong in its early state — as the game is slated for a release in fall 2014 on current and next-generation consoles and PC.
Share
Chicago doesn't want to be another Pittsburgh. The former Pennsylvania steel city hit the news this week when Uber started rolling self-driving cars in a pilot program. Two Chicago municipal elected officials subsequently decided they didn't want that going on in their own city, according to SlashGear.
Councilmen Anthony Beale and Ed Burke submitted an ordinance proposal to ban self-driving cars from Chicago streets. If the ordinance passes, neither Uber nor any other entity or person could even test self-driving cars within Chicago city limits. The law would apply whether or not a human was in the car acting as a monitor, supervisor, or emergency fallback. The ordinance calls for a $500 fine for violations.
Related: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is setting the standard for becoming a tech hub
The Chicago Tribute reported that the councilmen called their proposal a “preemptive strike” when they presented it at a City Council meeting. In a press release from the Chicago Committee on Finance, Councilman Burke said, “We do not want the streets of Chicago to be used as an experiment that will no doubt come with its share of risks, especially for pedestrians. No technology is one-hundred percent safe.”
The proposed ordinance restricts people from operating autonomous vehicles on any city road. Autonomous technology is defined as any vehicle “… that has the capability to drive a vehicle without the active physical control or monitoring by a human operator.”
A hearing date for the ordinance has not been scheduled. First, the proposal must be deliberated at a joint committee of Finance and Transportation, Finance Committee spokesperson Donal Quinlan told the Chicago Tribune.
Uber's four Ford Fusions will have onboard supervisors. The Fords will be joined by a fleet of self-driving Volvos that will also have engineers in the car — one to take over driving if needed, the other to monitor and record data.
A bigger issue is the context in which the Pittsburgh testing is occurring. The steel industry has moved on from Pittsburgh and from the U.S.
Together with Carnegie Mellon University, the city of Pittsburgh is working to establish the city as a technology and innovation center. Pittsburgh's plan is to attract businesses and startups to the area with the goal of creating jobs and improving the economy. The tech centers and research labs from large companies opening in and around Pittsburgh, in some cases embedded within Carnegie Mellon, are evidence that Pittsburgh's plan appears to be working.
Support for self-driving technology is a high profile example of Pittsburgh's greater plan. If the Chicago anti-autonomous car ordinance is passed, some may see that as an anti-technology signal, which likely would not benefit the city.
The deadline is fast approaching for anyone wishing to apply for one of the 34 open positions on the city's boards, commissions and committees.
The list of vacancies includes seats on the Active Transportation Advisory Committee, Parks and Recreation Advisory Board, Telecommunications Board and nine more.
All volunteers must be registered voters who reside within the Fayetteville city limits.
Applications must be mailed or hand-delivered to the City Clerk's office or emailed to city_clerk@ci.fayetteville.ar.us by 5 p.m. Friday, Nov. 22.
For more information, call 479-575-8323.
» Download an application (PDF)
Seats available:
– Three unexpired community/citizen-at-large terms ending 12/31/14
– Two community/citizen-at-large terms ending 12/31/15
Description:This committee reviews public comment, and advises city staff on the prioritization and land acquisition/easements for sidewalks and trails within Fayetteville. Members are also responsible for adopting sidewalk and trails master plans. Recommendations relating to trails are forwarded to the Parks and Recreation Advisory Board. Recommendations relating to sidewalks are forwarded to the Transportation Division.
Meetings: The Committee meets quarterly on the second Wednesday at 5:30 p.m. in Room 326 at the City Administration Building.
Seats available:
– One pilot term ending 12/31/18
– One business term ending 12/31/18
Description: The purpose of this board is to seek both general and technical citizen input and assistance in airport functions, provide and encourage visionary planning and strong leadership for the airport, and assist the City Council in matters pertaining to the operation, improvement, extension, and maintenance of the Airport and other related facilities, property and easements.
Meetings: Regular meetings are held on the second Thursday of each month at 1:30 p.m. at the Fayetteville Executive Airport Conference Room.
Seats available:
– One citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/16
Description: The Audit Committee serves in an advisory capacity between the City Council, the city's independent auditor, internal auditor, and management. The committee will review the city's financial reports and internal controls regarding finance and accounting.
Meetings: The committee shall meet at least three times annually, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.
Seats available:
– One unexpired physician term ending 12/31/16
– One unexpired citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/16
Description: This board works to secure the city from contagious, malignant, and infectious diseases.
Meetings: Meetings are scheduled as needed.
Seats available:
– One unexpired citizen-at-large term ending 03/31/14
– One unexpired citizen-at-large alternate member term ending 03/31/14
Description: The purpose of this board is to hear and to act upon appeals regarding decisions made by the building inspector/superintendent. The board also hears appeals regarding construction materials to be used in new building construction and development. In addition, the board hears appeals regarding enforcement of the minimum housing standards for existing structures as specified in the standard building codes. Information regarding this board can also be found in the standard building code.
Meetings: The Board does not meet on a regular basis, as the requests forwarded to this Board are infrequent. Members are telephoned a week in advance of the meeting.
Seats available:
– Three unexpired electors of the district terms ending 12/31/15
– Three electors of the district terms ending 12/31/16
Description: Board members would oversee the district's issuance of tax-exempt bonds and loaning of money to property owners using a Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) financing. PACE is a creative financing mechanism that allows property owners to borrow money for weatherization, energy efficiency, renewable energy or water conservation improvements to their property. PACE enabling legislation was passed by the Arkansas Legislature in the 2013 session and signed by the Governor in April 2013.
Meetings: TBD
Seats available:
– One citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/16
– One unexpired citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/14
– One unexpired citizen-at-large term ending 6/30/15
– One unexpired local industry term ending 12/31/15
Description: This committee works to address environmental concerns, to promote a safe and healthy environment, and to maintain the natural beauty of the environment within the city. It makes recommendations to other city committees and to the City Council.
Meetings: Meetings are held the third Thursday of each month at 5:30 pm in the City Administration Building.
Seats available:
– One citizen-at-large term ending 12/28/18
Description: The commissioners approve by-laws, resolutions, policies and procedures for administering housing programs for low income persons. The Housing Authority operates units of Public Housing and rental assistance in Fayetteville. Both programs are for low and very low income persons. All funds are provided through the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Meetings: The board meets on the fourth Thursday of each month in the City Administration Building, Room 111 at 6 p.m.
Seats available:
– Three citizen-at-large terms ending 12/31/16
Description: This board recommends priorities for capital improvements and means for financing the same, and prepares an annual progress report on parks and recreation activities.
Meetings: The board meets on the first Monday of each month at 5:30 p.m. in Room 111 of the City Administration Building. In addition to the regularly scheduled board meetings, there are committee meetings that occur on a regular basis.
Seats available:
– One citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/18
Description: The Public Facilities Board is authorized to issue revenue bonds to finance residential housing, health care, and related facilities to persons of low or moderate income and for the elderly.
Meetings: Scheduled as needed.
Seats available:
– Three unexpired citizen-at-large terms ending 06/30/17
Description: The board advises the City Council on telecommunication issues and coordinates and oversees telecommunications franchise systems and use of the public rights of way designated for public access, educational, and governmental (PEG) use in the City of Fayetteville as part of the city's telecommunication infrastructure.
Meetings: Regular meetings are held the third Thursday of each month at 5:30 p.m. in Room 219 of the City Administration Building.
Seats available:
– One land development term ending 12/31/15
– One university representative term ending 12/31/15
– One unexpired tree service community term ending 12/31/14
– One community/citizen-at-large term ending 12/31/15
Description: The purpose and intent of the committee is to advise the City Council on urban forestry and arboricultural related issues as an integral part of the city's green infrastructure and to sit as the Wildland-Urban Interface: Firewise Advisory Board to advise the City Council on wildland and urban development related issues as an integral part of the city's fire protection program and green infrastructure.
Meetings: Regular meetings are held on the second Wednesday of each month at 4 p.m. in Room 111 in the City Administration Building.
Let's quickly look at Joe Klein's motivations for their tragically wrong piece on Dems FISA stance:
Unfortunately, Speaker Nancy Pelosi quashed the House Intelligence Committee's bipartisan effort and supported a Democratic bill that — Limbaugh is salivating — House Republicans believe would require the surveillance of every foreign-terrorist target's calls to be approved by the FISA court, an institution founded to protect the rights of U.S. citizens only.
Democrats and "liberal" pundits like Joe Klein live in perpetual fear of Republican criticism. They have been so beaten down after a generation of right-wing noise machine attacks, that their entire existence is predicated on avoiding being whipped by Rush and their right-wing colleagues.
Have you ever seen or read a Republican say, "Republicans shouldn't do X because Daily Kos will attack us!" And in case that sounds too self-aggrandizing, replace "Daily Kos" with "Alan Colmes" or "Joe Klein" or "Air America" or whatever. Have you ever seen that happen? Once?
Of course not. Republicans don't live in fear of what the other side will say. They focus on what they think is right or in their self-interest. The reaction of the opposition never enters their calculations.
If only Democrats and its Joe Kleins weren't so fearful. They're terrified! For a gang that likes to talk about "looking tough", they sure piddle in their pants on a regular basis.
Heck, Democrats can't even muster enough balls to criticize Klein themselves for their column. As outraged as they claim they are in private, in public they are meek as mice, afraid to disturb the great and powerful media. While the GOP consistently beat the crap out of journalists with whines of bias, Democrats wag their tails helpfully on the side, desperate for a morsel. Not a morsel, but any crumbs those reporters would deign to throw their way. It's the reason many Democrats were (and some still are) horrified at the cancellation of the Fox News debate thanks to our activism. To them, pissing off the media -- even the right-wing partisan kind -- will, you got it, lead them to criticize them.
Yesterday we actually had a small break in the dam, when Rep. Rush Holt took to the Huffington Post to school Klein on their stupidity. But they were but a lonely voice. Rather than slam Klein around to teach them a lesson (the way the Right-wing has done to Klein, with marvelous results), they beg for their affections like beaten puppies.
In their new memoir "No Excuses," veteran Democratic consultant Robert Shrum says Time columnist Joe Klein doubled as a "sometime adviser," and that the Massachusetts senator "craved their approval." Klein "would chastise Kerry on the phone when they didn't like a speech, counseling both Kerry and me about what the candidate should say and what our strategy should be," down to the kind of health care plan the senator should propose, Shrum writes. There were "several long evenings at Joe's house where they importuned me with their ideas for the Kerry campaign."
And then we wonder why Democrats have had such a hard time winning until we started working on our long-term spine transplant project...
Hopefully this incident accomplishes some things, like 1) show the world the sorry state of modern journalism in general, and at Time Magazine in particular, 2) show Democrats that Joe Klein is not a friend, and brings nothing to the table except what their GOP spinners tell them to write, and 3) that the best way to win the media wars isn't to behave like a beaten puppy and beg reporters for scraps of good coverage. Nope, the best way is to forcefully demand they to do their jobs fairly and accurately.
Guangzhou to end controversial labor camps
By ZHENG CAIXIONG ( China Daily ) 08:04, September 09, 2013
All detainees in Guangzhou labor camps will have completed their sentences and be released by the end of the year, a senior judge has said.
Authorities in the Guangdong provincial capital stopped approving applications for laojiao — a controversial system of re-education through labor — in March.
"The police and many legal experts have realized the drawbacks of laojiao and called to abolish the system, which has become outdated," Yu Mingyong, deputy president of Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court, was quoted as saying by local media.
"Many of those released from laojiao find many difficulties returning to society, families and work after ... their personal freedom has been restricted in labor camps for several years."
Guangzhou still has about 100 people in labor camps, they said.
Police with Guangzhou's public security bureau declined to comment when contacted by China Daily.
Last year, Yu's court overturned a district court's ruling that police had the right to sentence a man to laojiao for visiting a sex worker.
The man, whose identity was not released, was detained after visiting a prostitute in the city's Yuexiu district in the early hours of Dec 10, 2011. They were fined and detained in a labor camp for six months.
The 23-year-old took the police to court, arguing that the punishment was too severe. The Yuexiu district court originally ruled in favor of the police in January.
However, that verdict was later overturned on appeal by Yu's court.
The man was released and given 22,000 yuan ($3,600) compensation after serving less than six months of their sentence.
The laojiao system was established in the early 1950s and legalized in 1957 by China's top legislature. It allows authorities to detain people for minor crimes for up to four years without trial.
The system was imposed at a time when the nation was attempting to create social order after the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949.
Wang Da, a professor at Guangzhou University, said laojiao played an active role in ensuring social order and managing society when the country had yet to establish an advanced legal system.
"But now China has established legal procedures and facilities for prosecuting and punishing petty criminals, rendering laojiao obsolete," Wang told China Daily.
Public opposition to the practice has grown stronger in recent years, particularly among legal professionals. In response, in one of their first speeches after taking office, Premier Li Keqiang promised reforms to laojiao.
"The system should come to an end, as it runs counter to legal procedures and infringes on the rights of a citizen," Wang said, adding that it also creates opportunities for police corruption and abuse of power, as officers can put people in labor camps without any court ruling.
"Abolishing laojiao is significant in promoting the rule by law, protecting human rights and standardizing legal procedures," they added.
Peng Peng, a senior researcher from the Guangzhou Academy of Social Sciences, agreed that laojiao jeopardizes legal rights.
"Guangzhou can be a role model in gradually abolishing the decades-old system," Peng said.
（Editor：GaoYinan、Chen Lidan）
The budding Baylor-TCU rivalry just got a little more interesting as the Bears picked up a commitment from three-star Frisco Centennial cornerback Raleigh Texada.
If that surname sounds a little familiar, it's because it is. Raleigh's older brother, Ranthony, made an immediate impact as a true first-year student for TCU last season, earning first-year student All-American honors at cornerback.
So naturally, TCU seemed like a lock to land their little brother. The Horned Frogs, however, have yet to put an offer on the table, and Raleigh decided to side with Big 12 foe Baylor.
"They were on me first and they feel like family," they told 247Sports.com. "I know that other schools are going to come after me - other schools are coming after me - but I don't have the relationships with those coaches that I have with Coach (Jim) Gush and Coach (Carloton) Buckels and the rest of the Baylor coaches.
"The fact that they believed in me early on means a lot. I talked with my family, and we kind of just all decided that there was no reason to sit on a Baylor offer any longer."
247Sports.com ranks Texada as the No. 78 cornerback in the nation and No. 100 overall prospect in the state. They chose Baylor over offers from California, Duke and Washington.
As a junior, the 5-foot-10, 160-pound defensive back, recorded 45 tackles, 14 pass breakups and four interceptions en route to leading Frisco Centennial to a playoff appearance.
Baylor now has seven commits in its 2015 class, including Lancaster safety Kenan Ivy, who committed earlier this week.
Twitter: @EJSports4
Share this...
Rudolf Kipp at Science Skeptical reports on Director of the Fraunhofer Institute in Germany brings us this glittering example of how arrogant and detached from reality the scientific elite among us can be.
How the Fraunhofer Director saves energy in their vacation home in California
By Rudolf Kipp
Professor Eicke R. Weber, Director of the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems in Freiburg, Germany, recently expressed their opinion in a commentary appearing in the daily Badischen Zeitung. It bothers them that German companies simply are not acknowledging the huge potential of photovoltaics. They simply lack faith, they claim.
Completely unimpressed by the the wave of bankruptcies that has rippled through Germany due to low-priced competition from China, and despite all the generous subsidies pampering the industry, Weber is still convinced that photovoltaic systems will undergo a boom in the future.
Lack of faith as a reason for bankruptcies?
It's not really clear if the Professor Weber really means solar companies in Germany are going bankrupt one after another because they lack the faith that they themselves demand. That seems to be the least of the problems for German manufacturers. They all believe their products are better than those from China, and that the only way to a sustainable future is if more and more customers buy more and more of their solar modules.
Indeed faith can move mouintains, but it cannot pay a single bill from a supplier or employee wages. And because this is the reality, we are currently experiencing a die-off of an entire industry. The problem is not a lack of faith – it's the lack of profitability.
Rising electricity prices are no problem for the professor
Another thing that agitates the professor from Freiburg is “the myth that German pensioners with their electricity bills are financing rich property owners who own buildings covered with solar panels and Chinese industrial bosses”. But it is indeed true that in Germany mainly land and homeowners are the ones profiting the most, along with Chinese solar panel manufacturers, while low income earners with no possibility to invest wind up footing the bill. Weber makes no attempt to refute this.
Instead, they simply recommend that low wage earners consume less power. And to ensure that they really do this, incentives need to be created. Here is the professor, who resides in Germany, prefers a graduated price structure. They explain how this would work:
My electricity bill in my vacation home in California is structured as follows: 13 cents/kwh for base consumption, 29 cents/kwh for up to 200 percent of the base consumption and much more for households with large consumption.”
When you read this, it becomes clear why Professor Weber is not afraid of rising power costs. The man can obviously afford it. Clearly they have enough money to fly to their vacation home in California multiple times a year – emitting huge quantities of CO2 as they do so.
Moreover, the professor has the chutzpah to expect other people, who can only dream of having the professor's lifestyle and who emit only a fraction of their CO2, to limit their energy consumption in order to rescue the planet. To reach this target, they consider it absolutely necessary to make energy so expensive that the “little man” is no longer able to afford it.
If at some time rising energy prices should lead to unrest, then I would recommend that Professor Weber remains at their California vacation home instead of staying in Germany. In earlier revolutions such arrogant elitists ended up facing angry mobs armed with pitchforks and torches.
Dying Easter eggs with red onion skins
2019-02-27 04:59 This recipe will make one dozen red eggs and will take almost three hours, including two hours for the eggs to cool. Leading up to your egg dyeing project, save onion skins in a plastic bag in the refrigerator until you're ready to use them.
Apr 24, 2011 An easy guide on dying eggs with onion skins, flowers and herbs! The beauty of homemade Easter Eggs with onion skins wrapped in nylon stockings. (amazon) I can't even think of a better organic egg color than this. Beautiful, cool and healthy, onion skin dye takes the cake. Since this is an organic wholesome food blog, I can't just let you use that egg dye kit from the drug store. dying Easter eggs with red onion skins Yellow onion skins will dye the eggs a light tan, while red onion skins will yield a richer brown color. A mix of onions, as well as a selection of white and brown eggs
Dying Imprinted Easter Eggs with Onion Skins. Every Easter, as long as I can remember, my Grandma dyed the prettiest leaf and floral imprinted Easter eggs! They were so natural and lovely, but produced with nothing more than an easily concocted natural dyestock and little bits of flora. The onion, red cabbage, and turmeric were the dying Easter eggs with red onion skins
This Easter, try these natural and unique egg dyeing techniques that are simple to do and produce beautiful results. Before you dye any egg, wipe the eggshell gently with vinegar in order to help the egg absorb color. 1. For a mottled look, wrap onion skins around the raw eggs Note: as long as I use yellow onion skins, they come out nice and red, getting yellow onion skin is important to the color. Another bonus the color doesnt come off on hands. After Easter dinner, we go around the room, cracking the eggs against each other to see whos egg Remove skins from dye and discard skins. Place eggs in the dye and bring to a boil; cook for 15 minutes. Remove pot from heat and leave eggs in the dye until a deep red color is reached, about 30 minutes more. Transfer eggs to a wire rack to dry, about 15 minutes. Rub olive oil onto each egg to make them shiny. Store eggs dying Easter eggs with red onion skins Apr 12, 2017 These Naturally Dyed Easter Eggs with Onion Skins are chemical free. The recipe requires only 2 ingredients. I also used home eggs which are so tasty. This year, I decided to try it with both yellow and red onions, on white and brown eggs. The result was a gentle palate of reds and browns. My favorites were the chocolaty brown eggs that came from dying brown eggs with red skins. This is a great, natural way to make subtly beautiful Easter (or Passover) eggs. These eggs will not stain clothes or hands and they are perfect for an egg hunt because the dew from the grass will not change the colors and because they blend so well with rocks and leaves, they are a bit of a challenge for the older kids. The yellow and red onions produce a stronger color than the white skins Nov 19, 2008 Next, wrap the panty hose around the eggs to hold the leaves in place. Use a twist tie to keep the pantyhose around the eggs. Because the onion skins have steeped overnight, their natural colors have created a dye. Remove the skins from the pans and place half your eggs in one dye
Workers are rushing to complete a $1 billion desalination plant outside San Diego, a project that's expected to produce up to 50 million gallons of drinkable water a day after it goes online in October. The San Diego County Water Authority has a 30-year contract to buy water from the plant, which is expected to provide about 7 percent of the area's demand.
"You can go back to the 1950s and 1960s, and politicians and some technologists were saying that in the next decade, breakthroughs in seawater desalination are going to make water so cheap we won't bother metering it," Lund said. "The cost of desalination has gone down quite a lot. But at least in California, they would have to come down another 50 percent or so before they're really competitive."
"There's a saying — and it might be true — that ocean water desalinization is a promising solution, and possibly always will be," Jay Lund, the director of the Center for Watershed Sciences at the University of California-Davis said.
But turning salty seawater into something drinkable is a costly process that's not likely to help break the long dry spell by itself.
In drought-wracked California, some towns are looking to the sea for a solution to their water woes.
Read more
In drought-wracked California, some towns are looking to the sea for a solution to their water woes.
But turning salty seawater into something drinkable is a costly process that's not likely to help break the long dry spell by itself.
"There's a saying — and it might be true — that ocean water desalinization is a promising solution, and possibly always will be," Jay Lund, the director of the Center for Watershed Sciences at the University of California-Davis said.
"You can go back to the 1950s and 1960s, and politicians and some technologists were saying that in the next decade, breakthroughs in seawater desalination are going to make water so cheap we won't bother metering it," Lund said. "The cost of desalination has gone down quite a lot. But at least in California, they would have to come down another 50 percent or so before they're really competitive."
Workers are rushing to complete a $1 billion desalination plant outside San Diego, a project that's expected to produce up to 50 million gallons of drinkable water a day after it goes online in October. The San Diego County Water Authority has a 30-year contract to buy water from the plant, which is expected to provide about 7 percent of the area's demand.
At least two other seawater desalination plants are being planned along the coast. And in Santa Barbara, the city is reactivating a $34 million facility that it built during a drought in the early 1990s — only to put it into mothballs when the drought eased.
Related: Scientists Say Climate Change Is Making California's Drought Even Worse
Desalination works by pumping water at high pressure though a series of filters — a process known as reverse osmosis. The process yields a gallon of fresh water for every two gallons of seawater used, according to Poseidon Water, which is building the plant.
The company did not respond to questions from VICE News.
The state has provided about $40 million over the past decade to local governments that want to build a desalination plant, with the money supporting planning, research, and construction efforts, Doug Carlson, an information officer for the California Department of Water Resources, said. But that the economics of desalination are more complicated for bigger communities.
"Smaller communities may find it advantageous to fill in some blanks that they may have in their own water resources," Carlson said. But right now, "It's not economic to build massive plants that would take care of millions and millions of people's needs," they said.
Desalination has been used successfully and fairly economically in taking the salt out of brackish groundwater. But seawater has 10 times the salt content of brackish water, and desalination consumes a significant amount of power — about 5 kilowatt-hours to desalinate a cubic meter (264 gallons) of water, Lund said. As a result, it ends up costing about twice as much as ordinary water.
"You've got to be pretty desperate to pay those costs," Lund said. The most successful projects have been in Israel and in the Persian Gulf states: "They have much less agriculture and they don't have any lawns," they said. The oil-rich Arab monarchies in particular "have lots of cheap energy, and no other supplies of water."
But California is home to a $43 billion agriculture industry that provides about half of America's fruits and vegetables. As much as 80 percent of the state's water consumption goes to farms far inland, and desalination plants won't have much effect on that, said Heather Cooley, the water program director at the Pacific Institute, an Oakland-based environmental think tank.
"I think agriculture does think that by providing another source to urban areas, it would reduce pressure on them to reduce their water use," Cooley told said. "But no one's talking about using it directly for agriculture."
Related: These Nations Are About to Start Running Out of Water
Desalination also leaves behind a concentrated brine that has to be pumped offshore or injected underground. Environmentalists warn that sucking in huge quantities of seawater and expelling much-saltier water will kill marine life, and that the power used releases more planet-warming carbon emissions. Poseidon says it will restore nearby trees and wetlands as part of the project and has a plan to eliminate its carbon footprint through energy efficiency, capturing carbon dioxide, and planting new trees.
But for most communities, simpler solutions like conservation and recapturing stormwater runoff are cheaper and pose fewer environmental problems, Cooley said.
"It's effective in some regions where there's a need," they said. "But we need to fully recognize what the opportunities are, what the relative costs and environmental impacts are, and do the most cost-effective things first."
Watch the VICE News documentary Flooded Fields in California's Drought here:
Follow Matt Smith on Twitter: @mattsmithatl
Story highlights Military drills are scheduled through March 9
South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills
The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended with little progress
North Korea said it's ready to fight a war with the United States and South Korea, as the two allies kicked off their annual joint military drills Monday, according to state-run media.
"Hundreds of thousands of troops are poised for a war carrying nuclear war equipment," North Korea's KCNA news agency reported, saying Pyongyang considers the drills to be practice for a preemptive strike on the North.
The international community has been negotiating with North Korea over its nuclear program for years.
The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended Friday with little visible progress. They were the first high-level talks since the death of North Korea's longtime leader, Kim Jong Il, in December and the subsequent transition of power to their youngest son, Kim Jong-un.
Kim's death threw into flux U.S. plans for renewed diplomacy with North Korea, including formal talks on ending Pyongyang's nuclear program and possible resumption of U.S. food assistance.
The North Korea government was expected to suspend its uranium enrichment in exchange for food assistance as part of a deal that was to be announced around the time of Kim's death.
JUST WATCHED North Korean defectors face repatriation Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korean defectors face repatriation 02:19
JUST WATCHED North Korea image makers hard at work Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea image makers hard at work 02:25
JUST WATCHED New book on Kim Jong Il's eldest son Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New book on Kim Jong Il's eldest son 02:44
The annual Key Resolve military drills that began Monday involve 2,100 U.S. troops with their South Korean counterparts. Washington insists the exercises are defensive in nature and unrelated to any geopolitical events.
The current military drills are scheduled through March 9, with a second set of overlapping exercises beginning March 1 and running through the end of April.
South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills, and just as often North Korea denounces them as a provocation.
KCNA reported Saturday that Kim Jong-un, the new North Korean leader, visited military units in the southwest of the country, including one that fired upon a South Korean island in November 2010, killing two civilians and two marines. North Korea said its forces were responding to a South Korean military drill in the area.
While visitng the troops, Kim Jong-un "ordered them to make a powerful retaliatory strike at the enemy, should the enemy intrude even 0.001 mm into the waters of the country where its sovereignty is exercised," KCNA reported.
Frontwing, the team behind the hot Grisaia franchise, is taking to the stage this winter. And they're bringing their best music collaborators with them!
The concert, titled Frontwing LIVE 2017: First Flight, will feature performances by musical acts who have lent their talent to previous Frontwing releases. At present, the roster includes:
Masami Okui ("FISSION," The Eden of Grisaia)
Marina Kawano ("Sekai no Hate," Grisaia: Phantom Trigger)
Yui Sakakibara ("Happy Leap," Time Leap; "it's showtime," "Melody Time," Time Leap Paradise; voice of Ayumu in both games)
Sayaka Sasaki ("World End," The Labyrinth of Grisaia; "Ceremony," The Eden of Grisaia)
Chata (multiple themes for the Grisaia series, Pure Girl, and more)
Duca ("Koi wo Shiyou yo Let It Snow," Yuki Koi Melt; "Iolite," Hatsuru Koto Naki Mirai Yori)
Miyuki Hashimoto ("LINK," Shiritsu Akihabara Gakuen; "HOME," The Fruit of Grisaia; "BREEZE," The Eden of Grisaia)
Hana ("Eden's Song," The Eden of Grisaia; "First Song," Innocent Girl; "MAJICK" and "Kiss You," Idol Magical Girl Chiru Chiru ☆ Michiru)
Faylan (multiple songs for the Grisaia games and anime)
eufonius ("Holograph," The Fruit of Grisaia; "Kimi ga Ita" and "Traveler's tale," ISLAND)
More musical acts are expected to be announced in the coming months.
A key visual has also been released, featuring four girls from the studio's popular games. Clockwise from the top, the first Frontwing LIVE poster girls are: Michiru Matsushima (Grisaia trilogy and Idol Magical Girl Chiru Chiru ☆ Michiru), Taruhi Himeguri (Yuki Koi Melt), Rena Fukami (Grisaia: Phantom Trigger), and Djibril the Devil-Angel (from the game series of the same name).
The concert will be help December 29 and 30 at Differ Ariake. Tickets are 6,480 per night, or 11,960 for both nights. An advance lottery is currently underway, with general ticket sales opening on September 8.
>> Frontwing LIVE 2017: First Flight Official Site
>> Watch The Fruit of Grisaia on Crunchyroll
Source: Ota-suke
-----
‘Shawshank Redemption' Fugitive Frank Freshwaters Granted Parole In Ohio
By Space Coast Daily // February 26, 2016
lived in brevard county 20 years
ABOVE VIDEO: “The Shawshank Redemption” Fugitive, Frank Freshwaters, should be released from custody, a Ohio parole board decided Thursday. Freshwaters, 79, had been a fugitive from justice for more than 56 years, and lived in Brevard for about 20 years. (nbc4i.com video)
BREVARD COUNTY • MELBOURNE, FLORIDA – “The Shawshank Redemption” Fugitive, Frank Freshwaters, should be released from custody, a Ohio parole board decided Thursday.
Freshwaters, 79, had been a fugitive from justice for more than 56 years, and lived in Brevard for about 20 years.
They were arrested last May by the Brevard County Sheriff's Office's GAMEOVER Task Force after receiving a tip from authorities in Ohio.
Freshwater, who was using the alias William H. Cox, was taken into custody in the 1200 block of Jones Road in Melbourne on a Fugitive From Justice warrant.
They served time at the Ohio State Reformatory, made famous by the film “The Shawshank Redemption,” and then escaped from the Sandusky Ohio Honor Farm in 1959 after serving seven months of a 20-year sentence for violating the terms of their probation in connection to a manslaughter conviction.
Freshwater hit the law enforcement radar screen after 56 years when the newly created Marshal's Task Force in Ohio reopened the investigation into their whereabouts and found evidence that they were possibly in Melbourne.
Freshwater was arrested on a Fugitive From Justice warrant charging them with escape.
STAY TUNED TO SPACECOASTDAILY.COM FOR UPDATES
Click here to contribute your news or announcements Free
Wither the Speaker? New Poll Finds Shocking Results for Boehner (Updated)
According to a national telephone survey of Republicans, 60% responded that they'd probably, or definitely vote for someone new as Speaker of the House if it were up to them. Only 25% said they probably or definitely vote for Boehner.
Too bad Speakers aren't elected via direct democracy. Speaker Boehner hasn't gotten to where they are by sheer luck. The guy knows how to play the game. For instance, there were rumors a few months ago that members who voted against them back in 2013 may have their committee assignments severely changed, with some losing chairpersonships. The vote for Speaker becomes a collective action problem among Republican members. There may be a majority who would vote for Boehner's successor, but if the vote ends up short, said member is looking at retribution from the victorious Boehner. The benefits just don't outweigh the costs when a member can't count on other members following through.
With that being said, it'd be career suicide for a member to actually challenge Boehner. Someone may fit that mold, but most don't go to Congress to sit on the the House Administration and Natural Resources committees their entire tenure. A popular figure among the grassroots, Trey Gowdy has signaled they are not interested in being Speaker. While strange things have happened before, if you're hoping for a coup, don't hold your breath.
UPDATE: Rep. Louie Gohmert and Rep. Ted Yoho have announced they will run for Speaker of the House. It looks like both will test my theory that this is a risky play.
UPDATE: Rep. Daniel Webster also was nominated, but Boehner gained enough votes to become Speaker once again.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Charles Dickens said that “life is made of ever so many partings welded together”.
When the great satirist died, their wishes to be buried in the place they loved most, Rochester, were ignored in favour of Westminster Abbey.
In two weeks' time, the people of Rochester look set to have a great parting with David Cameron's Conservatives.
Commentators always overplay the significance of by-elections. This time though, they're right. The Rochester by-election is unusually important, particularly for the Conservative party.
The Conservative party, a grand old institution, the roots of which date back to Robert Peel and the Tamworth declaration of 1834, is facing an existential crisis.
Peel created a modern political force capable of metamorphosing itself to survive in any political climate and prosper in the face of adversity.
Since 1834 the Conservative party has seen itself go through transition after transition, to accommodate itself to imperialism under the third Marquess of Salisbury, the post-war settlement and the rise of the welfare state under MacMillan and Heath, and then neo-liberal economics under Thatcher.
David Cameron's attempts to modernise their party, through ideas like the big society and liberal reforms such as gay marriage, has alienated a large section of their political base.
One unintended consequence has been that many Tory activists, now including Members of Parliament, put their energy into UKIP.
Cameron seems incapable of dealing with the rise of UKIP.  They are paralysed by indecision to the extent that they are unable to express what they really believes to be in the UK's national interest.
Yesterday we saw their position laid bare at the dispatch box. They can't even say whether they would vote ‘yes' or ‘no' in the referendum on Europe that they themselves is proposing.
UKIP is a negative force. It's nihilist. It has become the black cloud of negative energy that follows the Prime Minster wherever they go.
People project onto it thoughts and feelings which are often mutually contradictory. This is why it is so hard for Cameron to characterise and engage constructively.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It is why they have been forced back into the politics of the ‘nasty party', with its recent focus on immigration and Europe, obsessions that sank John Major, William Hague, Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard.
It is for this reason that I believe that a win that gives UKIP their second MP threatens the very future of the Conservative Party for the first time in over a century and a half of electoral supremacy.
Yet Rochester is also a watershed election for Labour too. Recent polling shows that the NHS is the most important issue for the voters of the Medway - not Europe, not even immigration, not gay marriage nor the economy.
Despite this, the polls suggest UKIP is still ahead. They have managed to become the ‘all things to all people party', projecting themselves as being the natural successor to the Conservatives and to a lesser extent, Labour.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
To quote Dryden, Nigel Farage is a “man so various that they seem to be, not one but all humankind's epitome”.
If Labour, six months before a general election, cannot do well in a seat it held until 2010, where the main concern of voters is the NHS, it provides a very big challenge to Labour's brilliant new general election supremo, Lucy Powell.
Ed Miliband was wise to ask them to re-energise Labour's general election campaign but it's too late for them to change Douglas Alexander's campaign plan in Rochester. Them focus must be on the election next May.
Peel's Tamworth declaration called on the Tories to stand against a “perpetual vortex of agitation.”
Rochester may not have buried Dickens, but in two weeks' time, after UKIP agitation, the voters there might well bury David Cameron.
Sweet corn Husked sweet corn Species Zea mays convar. saccharata var. rugosa Origin United States
Loose kernels of sweet corn
Sweet corn (Zea mays convar. saccharata var. rugosa;[1] also called sweetcorn, sugar corn and pole corn) is a cereal with a high sugar content. Sweet corn is the result of a naturally occurring recessive mutation in the genes which control conversion of sugar to starch inside the ENO of the corn kernel. Unlike field corn varieties, which are harvested when the kernels are dry and mature (dent stage), sweet corn is picked when immature (milk stage) and prepared and eaten as a vegetable, rather than a grain. Since the process of maturation involves converting sugar to starch, sweet corn stores poorly and must be eaten fresh, canned, or frozen, before the kernels become tough and starchy.
It is one of the six major types of corn, the others being dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, and flour corn.[2]
History [ edit ]
Sweet corn occurs as a spontaneous mutation in field corn and was grown by several Native American tribes. The Iroquois gave the first recorded sweet corn (called 'Papoon') to European settlers in 1779.[3] It soon became a popular food in southern and central regions of the United States.
Young sweet corn
The same rows of corn 41 days later at maturity.
Open pollinated cultivars of white sweet corn started to become widely available in the United States in the 19th century. Two of the most enduring cultivars, still available today, are 'Country Gentleman' (a Shoepeg corn with small kernels in irregular rows) and 'Stowell's Evergreen'.
Sweet corn production in the 20th century was influenced by the following key developments:
hybridization allowed for more uniform maturity, improved quality and disease resistance In 1933 'Golden Cross Bantam' was released. It is significant for being the first successful single-cross hybrid and the first specifically developed for disease resistance (Stewart's wilt in this case). [4]
identification of the separate gene mutations responsible for sweetness in corn and the ability to breed cultivars based on these characteristics: su (normal sugary) se (sugary enhanced, originally called Everlasting Heritage) sh2 (shrunken-2) [5]
There are currently hundreds of cultivars, with more constantly being developed.
Anatomy [ edit ]
The fruit of the sweet corn plant is the corn kernel, a type of fruit called a caryopsis. The ear is a collection of kernels on the cob. Because corn is a monocot, there is always an even number of rows of kernels.[further explanation needed] The ear is covered by tightly wrapped leaves called the husk. Silk is the name for the pistillate flowers, which emerge from the husk. The husk and silk are removed by hand, before boiling but not necessarily before roasting, in a process called husking or shucking.
Consumption [ edit ]
In most of Latin America, sweet corn is traditionally eaten with beans; each plant is deficient in an essential amino acid that happens to be abundant in the other, so together sweet corn and beans form a protein-complete meal.[6] In Brazil, sweet corn cut off from the cobs is generally eaten with peas (where this combination, given the practicality of steamed canned grains in an urban diet, is a frequent addition to diverse meals such as salads, stews, seasoned white rice, risottos, soups, pasta, and whole sausage hot dogs).
In Malaysia, there's a variety unique to the region of Cameron highlands named "pearl corn". The kernels are glossy white resembling pearls and can be eaten raw of the cob but often boiled in water and salt.[citation needed]
Similarly, sweet corn in Indonesia is traditionally ground or soaked with milk, which makes available the B vitamin niacin in the corn, the absence of which would otherwise lead to pellagra; in Brazil, a combination of ground sweet corn and milk is also the basis of various well-known dishes, such as pamonha and the pudding-like dessert curau, while sweet corn eaten directly off the cobs tends to be served with butter.
The kernels are boiled or steamed. In Europe, China, Korea, Japan and India, they are often used as a pizza topping, or in salads. Corn on the cob is a sweet corn cob that has been boiled, steamed, or grilled whole; the kernels are then eaten directly off the cob or cut off. Creamed corn is sweet corn served in a milk or cream sauce. Sweet corn can also be eaten as baby corn.
In the United States, sweet corn is eaten as a steamed vegetable, or on the cob, usually served with butter and salt. It can be found in Tex-Mex cooking in chili, tacos, and salads. When corn is mixed with lima beans it is called succotash. Sweet corn is one of the most popular vegetables in the United States. Fresh, canned and frozen sweet corn rank among the top ten vegetables in value and per capita consumption. Frozen cut corn is exceeded only by frozen potato products while frozen corn on the cob is 4th following peas.[7]
If left to dry on the plant, kernels may be taken off the cob and cooked in oil where, unlike popcorn, they expand to about double the original kernel size and are often called corn nuts. A soup may also be made from the plant, called sweet corn soup.[citation needed]
Health benefits [ edit ]
Overripe sweet corn
Cooking sweet corn increases levels of ferulic acid, which has anti-cancer properties.[8]
Cultivars [ edit ]
Open pollinated (non-hybrid) corn has largely been replaced in the commercial market by sweeter, earlier hybrids, which also have the advantage of maintaining their sweet flavor longer. su cultivars are best when cooked within 30 minutes of harvest. Despite their short storage life, much open pollinated cultivars such as 'Golden Bantam' remain popular for home gardeners and specialty markets, or are marketed as heirloom seeds. Although less sweet, they are often described as more tender and flavorful than hybrids.
Genetics [ edit ]
Early cultivars, including those used by Native Americans, were the result of the mutant su ("sugary") allele.[3] They contain about 5–10% sugar by weight.
Supersweet corn are cultivars of sweet corn which produce higher than normal levels of sugar developed by University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign professor John Laughnan.[5] They were investigating two specific genes in sweet corn, one of which, the sh2 gene, caused the corn to shrivel when dry. After further investigation Laughnan discovered that the endosperm of sh2 sweet corn kernels store less starch and from 4 to 10 times more sugar than normal su sweet corn. They published their findings in 1953, disclosing the advantages of growing supersweet sweet corn, but many corn breeders lacked enthusiasm for the new supersweet corn. Illinois Foundation Seeds Inc. was the first seed company to release a supersweet corn and it was called 'Illini Xtra Sweet', but widespread use of supersweet hybrids did not occur until the early 1980s. The popularity of supersweet corn rose due to its long shelf life and large sugar content when compared to conventional sweet corn. This has allowed the long-distance shipping of sweet corn and has enabled manufacturers to can sweet corn without adding extra sugar or salt.
Cut white sweet corn
The third gene mutation to be discovered is the se or "sugary enhanced" allele, responsible for so-called "Everlasting Heritage" cultivars, such as 'Kandy Korn'. Cultivars with the se alleles have a longer storage life and contain 12–20% sugar.
All of the alleles responsible for sweet corn are recessive, so it must be isolated from other corn, such as field corn and popcorn, that release pollen at the same time; the endosperm develops from genes from both parents, and heterozygous kernels will be tough and starchy.
Sweet corn
The se and su alleles do not need to be isolated from each other. However supersweet cultivars containing the sh2 allele must be grown in isolation from other cultivars to avoid cross-pollination and resulting starchiness, either in space (various sources quote minimum quarantine distances from 100 to 400 feet or 30 to 120 m) or in time (i.e., the supersweet corn does not pollinate at the same time as other corn in nearby fields).
Modern breeding methods have also introduced cultivars incorporating multiple gene types:
sy (for synergistic ) adds the sh2 gene to some kernels (usually 25%) on the same cob as a se base (either homozygous or heterozygous)
(for ) adds the gene to some kernels (usually 25%) on the same cob as a base (either homozygous or heterozygous) augmented sh2 adds the se and su gene to a sh2 parent
Often seed producers of the sy and augmented sh2 types will use brand names or trademarks to distinguish these cultivars instead of mentioning the genetics behind them. Generally these brands or trademarks will offer a choice of white, bi-color and yellow cultivars which otherwise have very similar characteristics.
Bt corn [ edit ]
Bt corn is genetically modified to resist certain insects. Commercial growers have access to sweet corn seed bred with this artificial trait. Bt corn and other transgenic varieties are not available to the home grower due to protocols that must be followed in their production.[9]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
It's 6.15am on a Sunday and I am up early and in front of the computer again. I spent yesterday filing 150 letters when my son wanted to play football and the older one wanted to go climbing.
I can't remember the last time I had a lie-in. It's not because the kids or the cats wake up early for breakfast, it's because I am working from home, logging in to my GP computer system, looking at patient notes.
When I started 20 years ago in hospital the volume of work surrounding every encounter with a patient was relatively limited. True, the hours were horrendous but the patients seemed to have more straightforward needs, there was less demand for referrals or tests and there was a team around you.
Now I face filing another 50 letters, a similar number of blood results, adjustments to patients' medication; I have a to-do list that is ever growing.
Cancer referrals have to be done the same day, social services want more and more information for children protection reports. I worry if we miss noticing that one odd consultation between parent and child, or unusual injury, we could be held accountable if something subsequently happens to that child. So you feel you have to get it right all the time – an impossible task.
GPs losing sleep over patient safety fears, says head of profession Read more
It feels like half of my consultations are about PIP [personal independence payment] appeals and “… can you write another letter to support me, doc?”. Every patient encounter produces at least three pieces of work.
I have often said the job can be so fulfilling. Patients are remarkable, their narrative and the adversity they face physically and mentally constantly surprises me. It is the reason I stay in general practice.
But increasingly I feel almost burnt out. I resent being at work for 12- to 14-hour days, not seeing my children through the week, constantly rushing to pick them up when I can, but always distracted by “one more referral to do”.
I have reduced my hours after having children, but being a GP partner, becoming more senior, means the workload stays the same, and if your colleagues go on holiday the work doubles.
I don't believe it is just my practice that experiences this problem. I speak to many colleagues, both male and female, in London and beyond who are shocked by the sheer volume of work, never mind patient interactions, when they qualify. As a result, new GPs are resisting partnership, working as locums with fewer hours to try to take control.
As we move towards more inter-professional working, with nurse healthcare assistants taking on more responsibility, the buck always stops with the GP.
I often wake in the night, jaw hurting from grinding my teeth, remembering a blood result or letter to write or realising I should have spoken to the hospital about a patient.
It's a fine tightrope between being a good GP and a complaint coming your way because you didn't quite pay enough attention. Complaints are par for the course realistically, but when you get one you question your ability to be a doctor.
It can be devastating, particularly if the patients write to the General Medical Council. Doctors know how little support they get during the GMC complaints process. I think what is forgotten is that GPs are human and also need support.
The government has to take some responsibility for placing unrealistic expectations on GPs. The newspapers have to stop being so negative, thinking we all earn more than £100,000, never do any out-of-hours and close the practices for half days for our own pleasure. I would like Jeremy Hunt [the health secretary] or Simon Stevens [the NHS chief executive] to come to my practice to sit with me and be a fly on the wall for a week.
At times I think about quitting medicine. When you dread getting up, dread the days ahead and never see your family.
I don't think this way of working is sustainable for another 20 years.
FAILED NSW upper house candidate Pauline Hanson has accused the NSW Electoral Commission of ignoring allegations that ''dodgy staff'' put 1200 votes for them in a pile of blank ballots.
Ms Hanson yesterday challenged the election count for the NSW upper house, saying the alleged sabotage had cost them a place in the new Parliament.
They say a source within the commission had told them of 1200 votes lost in the blank pile after forwarding them an internal email discussing alleged sabotage by its staff.
The email, which, according to Ms Hanson's petition lodged in the NSW Supreme Court sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns, was attributed to an Electoral Commission officer.
Ms Hanson's lawyer, David Leamey, said the former One Nation leader would have won a seat if the votes had been counted. They missed out on an upper house place by 1306 votes.
In their bid for the Conservative Party leadership, Andrew Scheer has the bulk of endorsements from current and former politicians.
But because of the rules of the campaign, the contest will be decided in favour of the candidate who can garner the broadest base of support nationwide. Seen through that lens, Scheer's endorsement advantage over Erin O'Toole, Maxime Bernier and Lisa Raitt narrows.
Scheer has 58 endorsements from current and former politicians at either the federal or provincial level. O'Toole has 23, followed by Bernier with 16 and Raitt with 13 (a full list can be found at the bottom of this article).
Michael Chong has received the support of nine former and current elected officials and senators, while Kellie Leitch has five, Deepak Obhrai has three and Andrew Saxton has two. Steven Blaney and Rick Peterson have each received one endorsement.
Chris Alexander, Pierre Lemieux and Brad Trost have yet to announce any endorsements in this campaign.
Among fellow caucus members, Scheer has 24 MPs backing him. O'Toole has 14, Bernier has six, Leitch and Raitt have three apiece and Chong has two.
On Thursday, O'Toole also announced the endorsement of Daniel Lindsay, a Manitoba physician who withdrew from the race last month.
Follow the money
While endorsements are one metric that can be tracked to determine the contours of a leadership race, fundraising is often a more revealing set of data. But the next set of fundraising numbers, covering the fourth quarter of last year, won't be released by Elections Canada until Feb. 1.
Some of the campaigns, however, have already publicized their fundraising totals for the end of 2016. Maxime Bernier announced on Facebook that they raised $583,000 in the fourth quarter, boosting their total to over $1 million for the entire campaign, while Andrew Scheer says they raised $323,570.50 in the quarter.
Conservative leadership candidate Maxime Bernier was able to raise about as much money as Scheer and Erin O'Toole combined in the last quarter of 2016, while having a fifth of the endorsements of their two rivals (Liam Richards/Canadian Press)
Erin O'Toole's campaign told CBC News it raised $300,000 to Jan. 11, while Rick Peterson said their campaign raised $71,040 by the end of December, noting they only began to fundraise at the beginning of the month.
Fundraising can signal organizational strength. But endorsements can hint at the same thing, indicating that people within the party recognize a candidate's capacity to win. And in a race where every riding has equal weight, a call from the local MP favouring one contestant over another can be significant.
Scheer's edge narrows with regional weighting
The Conservative leadership campaign will be decided at the local level, as each of Canada's 338 electoral districts will be weighted equally when the votes are counted, regardless of how many members a riding has. That means having a concentration of support in one part of the country might lead to a lot of wasted votes.
Scheer has received 44 per cent of all the endorsements in the campaign — well ahead of O'Toole at 18 per cent, Bernier at 12 per cent, Raitt at 10 per cent and Chong at seven per cent.
But a lot of Scheer's support is concentrated in two provinces. Fully 66 per cent of their endorsements are from Alberta and Saskatchewan politicians, including 20 Saskatchewan MLAs. The two provinces will only represent 14 per cent of all points awarded to determine the winner.
Michael Chong, Erin O'Toole and Andrew Scheer, left to right, participate in a debate in Moncton, N.B., on Dec. 6. (Andrew Vaughan/Canadian Press)
If endorsements are adjusted by the weight each province will have in the leadership vote, Scheer's advantage drops. But it still holds, thanks in large part to the endorsements of four Quebec Conservative MPs that Scheer announced Thursday in the run-up to Tuesday's leadership debate in Quebec City.
Before those endorsements, Scheer's weighted share would have been just 22 per cent. With those endorsements, Scheer's weighted share of endorsements stands at 34 per cent. O'Toole and Bernier follow with 17 per cent each, Raitt with 12 per cent and Chong with seven per cent.
Cluttered field in Ontario
The race for endorsements is closest in Ontario, the province that will carry the most weight in the leadership vote.
O'Toole leads the pack with nine, followed by Chong at seven, Raitt at six, Bernier and Scheer with five apiece, Leitch with four and Obhrai with three.
O'Toole is ahead of their rivals with nine endorsements from current or former Ontario politicians. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
There's greater separation in the West, where Scheer leads with 43 endorsements (26 in Saskatchewan, 12 in Alberta, three in B.C. and two in Manitoba). Next is O'Toole with 12, Bernier with seven and Raitt with two.
In Quebec, Scheer has four endorsements while Bernier has two.
And in Atlantic Canada, Scheer narrowly edges out Raitt five to four, with O'Toole sitting at two endorsements.
But Scheer's edge in endorsements does not necessarily make them the favourite — it is one metric among others. Bernier was able to raise about as much money as Scheer and O'Toole combined in the last quarter of 2016, while having just a fifth of the endorsements of their two rivals. This suggests they might be having more success resonating with rank-and-file members.
In the end, endorsements are just one factor in a multi-faceted race with a long list of candidates and a preferential ballot that makes being a voter's second choice almost as important as being their first.
At this stage, it seems the Conservative Party establishment thinks Scheer is the one to beat. It won't be clear until May 27, when the results are announced, whether the voting members agree.
Endorsements from sitting and former federal and provincial politicians
Saskatchewan MP Andrew Scheer (58):
MPs: Ziad Aboultaif, John Barlow, Luc Berthold, Kelly Block, Sylvie Boucher, Jim Eglinski, Ted Falk, Garnett Genuis, Marilyn Gladu, Matt Jeneroux, Tom Lukiwski, Kelly McCauley, Pierre Paul-Hus, Alain Rayes, Scott Reid, Gerry Ritz, Kevin Sorenson, Mark Strahl, Shannon Stubbs, Arnold Viersen, Cathay Wagantall, Mark Warawa, Chris Warkentin and Bob Zimmer.
Ziad Aboultaif, John Barlow, Luc Berthold, Kelly Block, Sylvie Boucher, Jim Eglinski, Ted Falk, Garnett Genuis, Marilyn Gladu, Matt Jeneroux, Tom Lukiwski, Kelly McCauley, Pierre Paul-Hus, Alain Rayes, Scott Reid, Gerry Ritz, Kevin Sorenson, Mark Strahl, Shannon Stubbs, Arnold Viersen, Cathay Wagantall, Mark Warawa, Chris Warkentin and Bob Zimmer. Former MPs: Paul Calandra, LaVar Payne, Peter Penashue, Kyle Seeback, Devinder Shory and Jeff Watson.
Paul Calandra, LaVar Payne, Peter Penashue, Kyle Seeback, Devinder Shory and Jeff Watson. Saskatchewan MLAs: Steven Bonk, Bill Boyd, Fred Bradshaw, Greg Brkich, Jennifer Campeau, Lori Carr, Herb Cox, Dan D'Autremont, Terry Dennis, Larry Doke, Jeremy Harrison, Warren Kaeding, Greg Lawrence, Hugh Nerlien, Greg Ottenbreit, Kevin Phillips, Doug Steele, Warren Steinley, Lyle Stewart and Christine Tel.
Steven Bonk, Bill Boyd, Fred Bradshaw, Greg Brkich, Jennifer Campeau, Lori Carr, Herb Cox, Dan D'Autremont, Terry Dennis, Larry Doke, Jeremy Harrison, Warren Kaeding, Greg Lawrence, Hugh Nerlien, Greg Ottenbreit, Kevin Phillips, Doug Steele, Warren Steinley, Lyle Stewart and Christine Tel. New Brunswick MLAs: Jeff Carr and Carl Urquhart.
Jeff Carr and Carl Urquhart. Senators: Denise Batters, Norman Doyle, Dennis Patterson, Don Plett, David Tkachuk and David Wells.
Ontario MP Erin O'Toole (23):
MPs: James Bezan, John Brassard, Colin Carrie, Michael Cooper, Todd Doherty, Randy Hoback, Ron Liepert, Larry Maguire, Cathy McLeod, Blake Richards, Jamie Schmale, Robert Sopuck, Karen Vecchio and Kevin Waugh.
James Bezan, John Brassard, Colin Carrie, Michael Cooper, Todd Doherty, Randy Hoback, Ron Liepert, Larry Maguire, Cathy McLeod, Blake Richards, Jamie Schmale, Robert Sopuck, Karen Vecchio and Kevin Waugh. Former MPs: Laurie Hawn, Ed Holder, Gerald Keddy, Wladyslaw Lizon, Ted Opitz, Bernard Trottier and David Wilks.
Laurie Hawn, Ed Holder, Gerald Keddy, Wladyslaw Lizon, Ted Opitz, Bernard Trottier and David Wilks. ​ New Brunswick MLAs: Brian Macdonald.
Brian Macdonald. Former Ontario MPPs: John O'Toole
Quebec MP Maxime Bernier (16):
MPs: Dan Albas, Alupa Clarke, Tony Clement, Jacques Gourde, Tom Kmiec and Alex Nuttall.
Dan Albas, Alupa Clarke, Tony Clement, Jacques Gourde, Tom Kmiec and Alex Nuttall. Former MPs: Ryan Leef, Gary Lunn, Pat Perkins, John Reynolds, Brian Storseth and Lawrence Toet.
Ryan Leef, Gary Lunn, Pat Perkins, John Reynolds, Brian Storseth and Lawrence Toet. Saskatchewan MLAs: Laura Ross.
Laura Ross. Senators: Lynn Beyak, Nicole Eaton and Stephen Greene.
Ontario MP Lisa Raitt (13):
MPs: Dean Allison, Phil McColeman and Bruce Stanton.
Dean Allison, Phil McColeman and Bruce Stanton. Former MPs: Keith Ashfield, John Carmichael, Rob Clarke, Kerry-Lynne Findlay, Robert Goguen and Gary Goodyear.
Keith Ashfield, John Carmichael, Rob Clarke, Kerry-Lynne Findlay, Robert Goguen and Gary Goodyear. Ontario MPPs: Lisa MacLeod.
Lisa MacLeod. Nova Scotia MLAs: Alfie MacLeod.
Alfie MacLeod. Former Nova Scotia MLAs: Cecil Clarke.
Cecil Clarke. Senators: Judith Seidman.
Ontario MP Michael Chong (9):
MPs: Peter Kent and David Tilson.
Peter Kent and David Tilson. Former MPs: Chungsen Leung, Mike Wallace and Terence Young.
Chungsen Leung, Mike Wallace and Terence Young. Ontario MPPs: Ted Arnott.
Ted Arnott. Former Alberta MLAs: Gary Mar.
Gary Mar. Former New Brunswick MLAs: Réjean Savoie.
Réjean Savoie. Senators: Victor Oh.
Ontario MP Kellie Leitch (5):
MPs: Ben Lobb, Peter Van Loan and David Yurdiga.
Ben Lobb, Peter Van Loan and David Yurdiga. Former MPs: Ronald Atkey.
Ronald Atkey. Former Senators: Consiglio Di Nino.
Alberta MP Deepak Obhrai (3):
Former MPs: Corneliu Chisu, Joe Daniel and Julian Fantino.
Former B.C. MP Andrew Saxton (2):
Former MPs: John Duncan.
John Duncan. Former Senators: Noel Kinsella.
Quebec MP Steven Blaney (1):
Senators: Jean-Guy Dagenais.
Businessman Rick Peterson (1):
Former MPs: Bill Clarke.
Saskatchewan MP Brad Trost and former Ontario MPs Chris Alexander and Pierre Lemieux have yet to announce any endorsements.
Canonical has announced the availability of Ubuntu 10.10, a major update of the popular Linux distribution. The new version introduces the Unity netbook environment, which offers a custom desktop shell that is optimized for ease of use on small displays and has a global menubar to conserve vertical screen space.
Ubuntu's installer got a major overhaul in this release, with substantial user interface improvements and new features. The new installer can start downloading updated packages during the early stages of the configuration process in order to save the user from having to run a full update immediately after installation. It also has a new option that lets users choose to automatically install closed-source components, such as multimedia codecs.
The Software Center has a new look and presents Ubuntu's application catalog in a cleaner and more intuitive way. When you select an application that supports plugins, the relevant add-on packages will be listed so that you can easily install them alongside the main application. It also has a new history view that shows a timeline of package activity. Canonical aims to start selling software through the store in the near future and has already started testing the infrastructure.
Bringing multitouch to the desktop is a major goal for Ubuntu, but the effort is still at a relatively early stage of development. Enabling multitouch hardware was the primary focus during this development cycle. Some devices like the Apple Magic Mouse and certain touchscreen displays are now supported, but multitouch features haven't been deeply integrated into the user experience yet. It has reached the stage where application developers can take advantage of the hardware support to start adding multitouch features to their software. It's likely that we will see more user-visible multitouch capabilities in future versions of the operating system.
Canonical's Ayatana team has continued its efforts to overhaul the desktop panel and notification area. The new audio indicator has built-in controls for managing playback of compatible audio applications, such as GNOME's Rhythmbox music player.
The underlying desktop has been updated to GNOME 2.32, a transitional release that introduces some new architectural components like dconf ahead of the upcoming launch of GNOME 3. There aren't a lot of user-facing improvements in GNOME 2.32, however. One that is worth noting is the addition of metacontact support to GNOME's Empathy instant messaging client.
The Ubuntu One cloud service, which integrates with the Ubuntu desktop and offers features like contact file and contact synchronization, has also been updated. Canonical has changed the pricing structure of the service to make it more competitive. Users can extend their storage capacity in 20GB increments for an additional $2.99 a month. The service has also gained support for mobile music streaming, as we reported last week.
The new version is available for download from the Ubuntu website. For additional details, please refer to the official release notes. Keep an eye out for our in-depth review, which will come later this month.
PyPy 4.0.0
New Version Numbering
Since the past release, PyPy 2.6.1, we decided to update the PyPy 2.x.x versioning directly to PyPy 4.x.x, to avoid confusion with CPython 2.7 and 3.5. Note that this version of PyPy uses the stdlib and implements the syntax of CPython 2.7.10.
Vectorization
Availability of SIMD hardware is detected at run time, without needing to precompile various code paths into the executable.
The first version of the vectorization has been merged in this release, since it is so new it is off by default. To enable the vectorization in built-in JIT drivers (like numpy ufuncs), add –jit vec=1 , to enable all implemented vectorization add –jit vec_all=1
Benchmarks and a summary of this work appear Richard Plangger began work in March and continued over a Google Summer of Code to add a vectorization step to the trace optimizer. The step recognizes common constructs and emits SIMD code where possible, much as any modern compiler does. This vectorization happens while tracing running code, so it is actually easier at run-time to determine the availability of possible vectorization than it is for ahead-of-time compilers.Availability of SIMD hardware is detected at run time, without needing to precompile various code paths into the executable.The first version of the vectorization has been merged in this release, since it is so new it is off by default. To enable the vectorization in built-in JIT drivers (like numpy ufuncs), add, to enable all implemented vectorization addBenchmarks and a summary of this work appear here
Internal Refactoring: Warmup Time Improvement and Reduced Memory Usage
Rpython that now allow PyPy to more efficiently use Maciej Fijalkowski and Armin Rigo refactored internals ofRpython that now allow PyPy to more efficiently use guards in jitted code. They also rewrote unrolling, leading to a warmup time improvement of 20% or so. The reduction in guards also means a reduction in the use of memory, also a savings of around 20%.
Numpy
Our implementation of –jit vec=1 on the command line) and let us know what is missing for your code. Our implementation of numpy continues to improve. ndarray and the numeric dtypes are very close to feature-complete; record, string and unicode dtypes are mostly supported. We have reimplemented numpy linalg, random and fft as cffi-1.0 modules that call out to the same underlying libraries that upstream numpy uses. Please try it out, especially using the new vectorization (viaon the command line) and let us know what is missing for your code.
CFFI
While not applicable only to PyPy, const , restrict keywords from cdef to C code. While not applicable only to PyPy, cffi is arguably our most significant contribution to the python ecosystem. Armin Rigo continued improving it, and PyPy reaps the benefits of cffi-1.3 : improved manangement of object lifetimes, __stdcall on Win32, ffi.memmove(), and percolatekeywords from cdef to C code.
What is PyPy?
PyPy is a very compliant Python interpreter, almost a drop-in replacement for CPython 2.7. It's fast (
We also welcome developers of other
This release supports x86 machines on most common operating systems (Linux 32/64, Mac OS X 64, Windows 32, ARM hardware (ARMv6 or ARMv7, with VFPv3) running Linux.
We also introduce PyPy is a very compliant Python interpreter, almost a drop-in replacement for CPython 2.7. It's fast ( pypy and cpython 2.7.x performance comparison) due to its integrated tracing JIT compiler.We also welcome developers of other dynamic languages to see what RPython can do for them.This release supportsmachines on most common operating systems (Linux 32/64, Mac OS X 64, Windows 32, OpenBSD freebsd ), as well as newerhardware (ARMv6 or ARMv7, with VFPv3) running Linux.We also introduce support for the 64 bit PowerPC hardware, specifically Linux running the big- and little-endian variants of ppc64.
Other Highlights (since 2.6.1 release two months ago) Bug Fixes Applied OPENBSD downstream fixes Fix a crash on non-linux when running more than 20 threads In cffi, ffi.new_handle() is more cpython compliant Accept unicode in functions inside the _curses cffi backend exactly like cpython Fix a segfault in itertools.islice() Use gcrootfinder=shadowstack by default, asmgcc on linux only Fix ndarray.copy() for upstream compatability when copying non-contiguous arrays Fix assumption that lltype.UniChar is unsigned To Fix a subtle bug with stacklets on shadowstack Improve support for the cpython capi in cpyext (our capi compatibility layer). Fixing these issues inspired some thought about cpyext in general, stay tuned for more improvements When loading dynamic libraries, in case of a certain loading error, retry loading the library assuming it is actually a linker script, like on Arch and Gentoo Issues reported with our previous release were resolved after reports from users on our issue tracker at https://bitbucket.org/pypy/pypy/issues or on IRC at #pypy
New features : Add an optimization pass to vectorize loops using x86 SIMD intrinsics. Support __stdcall on Windows in CFFI Improve debug logging when using PYPYLOG=??? Deal with platforms with no RAND_egd() in OpenSSL
: Numpy : Add support for ndarray.ctypes Fast path for mixing numpy scalars and floats Add support for creating Fortran-ordered ndarrays Fix casting failures in linalg (by extending ufunc casting) Recognize and disallow (for now) pickling of ndarrays with objects embedded in them
: Performance improvements and refactorings : Reuse hashed keys across dictionaries and sets Refactor JIT interals to improve warmup time by 20% or so at the cost of a minor regression in JIT speed Recognize patterns of common sequences in the JIT backends and optimize them Make the garbage collecter more incremental over external_malloc() calls Share guard resume data where possible which reduces memory usage Fast path for zip(list, list) Reduce the number of checks in the JIT for lst[a:] Move the non-optimizable part of callbacks outside the JIT Factor in field immutability when invalidating heap information Unroll itertools.izip_longest() with two sequences Minor optimizations after analyzing output from vmprof and trace logs Remove many class attributes in rpython classes Handle getfield_gc_pure* and getfield_gc_* uniformly in heap.py Improve simple trace function performance by lazily calling fast2locals and locals2fast only if truly necessary
:
Please try it out and let us know what you think. We welcome feedback, we know you are using PyPy, please tell us about it!
Cheers
The PyPy Team
We're pleased and proud to unleash PyPy 4.0.0, a major update of the PyPy python 2.7.10 compatible interpreter with a Just In Time compiler. We have improved warmup time and memory overhead used for tracing , added vectorization for numpy and general loops where possible on x86 hardware (disabled by default), refactored rough edges in rpython, and increased functionality of numpy.You can download the PyPy 4.0.0 release here:We would like to thank our donors for the continued support of the PyPy project.We would also like to thank our contributors (7 new ones since PyPy 2.6.0) and encourage new people to join the project. PyPy has many layers and we need help with all of them: PyPy and RPython documentation improvements, tweaking popular modules to run on PyPy, or general help with making RPython's JIT even better.
No. 14/16 Florida Gators basketball (3-1) took care of the Southern Jaguars (1-4) rather easily on Monday, picking up a 67-53 victory at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center in Gainesville, FL despite losing one of their most important players early in the second half to a serious injury.
OnlyGators.com breaks down the Gators' third win with The Fastbreak.
It was over when: Florida led by double digits throughout the entire second half, but a three-pointer by redshirt sophomore forward Dorian Finney-Smith with 8:27 to play pushed the Gators ahead by 20 and put any thought of a potential comeback to rest. They finished with eight points and seven boards before fouling out with 4:10 remaining.
Significant stretch: Going to a press late in the first half, Florida scored six-straight points to boost its lead to 14 with 6:19 left in the opening period. The Gators extended that advantage to 16 points by halftime and never looked back.
Prominent player: Though they only hit 2-of-7 shots from the field, senior F Casey Prather once again made their case for being Florida's best player, scoring 10 points and leading the Gators with nine rebounds (six off the offensive glass) and four assists. They also had a steal and a block on the evening and hit 6-of-7 free throws.
Memorable moment: Driving the lane with 18:04 left in the game, first-year student point guard Kasey Hill stepped awkwardly, badly rolling their left ankle and crashing to the hardwood with an audible scream. They were helped off by two trainers and barely put any pressure on the ankle as they were removed from the court and directed towards the locker room. Hill left the game with eight points, three dimes and two swipes and was determined after the game to have suffered a high-ankle sprain.
#Gators PG Kasey Hill badly rolling their left ankle – http://t.co/bz8c2CtGcM — OnlyGators.com (@onlygators) November 19, 2013
Perfect play: With the shot clock winding down early in the first half, redshirt sophomore guard DeVon Walker dribbled to the free throw line, spun away from two defenders and banked it off the glass for just their second basket of the season. Walker was 4-for-9 from the field and finished with nine points.
Standout stat: Florida was all over the offensive glass on Monday, picking up 18 rebounds off missed shots and 42 total in the game. The Gators won the rebounding battle by 14 overall, six of which came from senior center Patric Young, who also scored a team-high 12 points and registered three blocks.
What it means: The victory was expected, so Hill's injury is the biggest news coming out of Monday night's game. The injury has not been specified as of press time, but even if Hill is out for an extended period of time, the Gators are unlikely to be without a true point guard for long. OnlyGators.com was told months ago that senior Scottie Wilbekin is expected to return in one week – on Nov. 25 at Jacksonville – which means Florida may only need to find a fill-in floor general for a single contest (Thursday at home against Middle Tennessee).
The NDP made Prime Minister Stephen Harper their first target as Parliament resumed today, questioning what they knew about a deal between Senator Mike Duffy and their former chief of staff.
NDP House Leader Nathan Cullen and whip Nycole Turmel also set out a proposal to stop government MPs from pushing committees in-camera.
In question period, New Democrat Leader Tom Mulcair set their sights on Harper, who left Thursday morning for Brussels to sign a tentative trade deal with the European Union.
Mulcair listed a number of people close to Harper who are now under scrutiny over corruption or other allegations of wrongdoing, including senators, Harper's former chief of staff, Nigel Wright, and their former parliamentary secretary, MP Dean Del Mastro, who faces charges over their election spending.
"These are chosen members of the prime minister's own inner circle implicated in scandal," Mulcair said.
"The prime minister needs to take responsibility for the climate of corruption that they created. Instead the prime minister flies off to Brussels … When will the prime minister stand up in this House and tell the truth to Canadians?"
Pierre Poilievre, minister of state for democratic reform, accused the NDP of being anti-trade.
"Once again the leader of the Opposition attacks our prime minister for travelling abroad to conclude the biggest trade agreement since NAFTA," they said.
"The NDP would simply like to build a big brick wall around Canada. A brick wall that would keep out 80,000 jobs, that would keep away 500 million customers, that would keep away $1,000 in increased income for the average family."
Limiting secret committee meetings
Earlier Thursday, Cullen and Turmel announced New Democrat MPs would push for committees to be more open.
Committees can go behind closed doors for planning purposes or when preparing a report, but Conservative MPs have been pushing them in-camera more and more than previous governments. They often use the tactic to kill opposition motions in secret. Conservative MPs form the majority on all parliamentary committees.
MPs are also forbidden from discussing what goes on behind closed doors afterward.
"The minute Conservatives don't like a discussion that's taking place in any of our committees, they go in-camera and shut the door on Canadians," Cullen said.
"The abuse of this in-camera tool is undermining the work of all members of Parliament and increasing the skepticism of the Canadian public."
New Democrat MPs will present motions in all committees next week, Cullen and Turmel said, laying out specific instances in which they can go in-camera:
To discuss wages, salaries and other employee benefits, contracts or other labour or personal matters.
For briefings concerning national security.
To discuss draft reports.
The motion also mandates that minutes be taken, including how each member votes when votes are taken.
NDP on offensive
"As parliamentarians, we must be accountable to those who elected us," Cullen said, adding that towns and school boards use the same rules the NDP want to see in Parliament.
"In a healthy democracy, shutting the doors on debate should be limited to only the most exceptional circumstances."
The Official Opposition hit the Hill on the offensive this morning.
NDP ethics critic Charlie Angus raised a question of privilege, which the party announced Wednesday. Angus is asking House Speaker Andrew Scheer to find Prime Minister Stephen Harper misled the House, when they said nobody in the Prime Minister's Office knew about a deal between Wright and Senator Mike Duffy.
Wright paid back Duffy's wrongly claimed Senate expenses. An ongoing RCMP investigation into the payment, and into Duffy's expense claims, alleges Wright told them three other PMO staffers, plus Senator Irving Gerstein, about the agreement.
The Senate committee in charge of financial and administrative matters, the board of internal economy, met Thursday at 9 a.m. ET.
The Senate as a whole will resume at 2 p.m. with a new government leader, Claude Carignan, and deputy leader, Yonah Martin. But unlike their predcessor, Carignan will not sit in cabinet.
Harper has removed the Senate leader from cabinet for the first time in 50 years.
One of the Senate's first acts was to move to suspend without pay Duffy and Pamela Wallin, who is also under investigation by the RCMP.
A 44-year-old man pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a teenage boy they had met while working as a teacher in Long Beach, officials said Wednesday.
Jason Morris Gorski on Tuesday pleaded to two counts of lewd or lascivious acts with a minor under 14, according to a statement from the Orange County District Attorney's Office.
Prosecutors said that Gorski met the 13-year-old victim in 2007 while working as a teacher at Southwestern Longview Private. The school shut down in 2008, state records show.
Gorski had worked at the school for four years and was an active member of the Jehovah's Witnesses congregation in Cypress when they met the boy.
In 2009, the teenager reported the abuse to the congregation, which then removed Gorski from their position as an elder, but allowed them to remain an active member. Gorski later moved to South Carolina and started attending a Jehovah's Witnesses congregation in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The victim reported the abuse to law enforcement in March 2016. The Buena Park Police Department investigated the case and arrested Gorski in June 2016.
Gorski is scheduled to return to court for sentencing on Jan. 26 and they face a maximum possible sentence of 10 years in state prison.
‘Game of Thrones' is poised to have some amazing moments in its third season. in this week's Beyond the Wall, Bob and Ivey have a very spoilery conversation about those moments.
The countdown to the premiere of the third season of HBO's Game of Thrones continues to draw closer. Last week in Beyond the Wall, CliqueClack's weekly column on all things Westerosi, Bob and I discussed several of the new actors joining the cast this season. From Riverun to Essos, George R. R. Martin's world continues to expand with each new season.
Each of Martin's books is filled with big moments, and Storm of Swords has some of the series' biggest. This week, Bob and I are going to talk about the things we're most looking forward to this season. Since show producers David Benioff and D. B. Weiss have indicated that the events of Storm will be spread out over more than one season, it is difficult to predict exactly what will happen this year.
As with each installment of Beyond the Wall, Spoiler Warnings are in effect. We're discussing what's going to happen this season from the perspective of readers of the books. Obviously that means we're going to be referencing specific events from Storm of Swords and potentially the fourth and fifth books as well. If you don't want to know what happens next, stop reading here.
Alfie Allen did incredible work last season and I think is poised to top that this year.
Ivey: Obviously, Storm of Swords has queued up some really crazy events likely to happen during this season. That being said, it is actually something that didn't happen in Storm of Swords that I'm most looking forward to. One of the biggest reveals in A Dance with Dragons is that Theon Greyjoy was still alive, despite all of the evidence of their death in the previous books. Reading the tea leaves, it looks like we're going to see Theon's time in captivity this season and potentially the beginning of their time as the Bastard of Bolton's … plaything.
Alfie Allen did incredible work last season – after existing primarily in the outskirts of the story in season one – and I think is poised to top that this year.
Bob: Perhaps. I agree, I'm excited to see what they do with Theon's story, but I am not expecting to see much of him. I remember talking around this time last year, and we were trying to figure out how Jaime Lannister was going to be featured in season two. We were convinced that the writers wouldn't leave them to their Clash of Kings role of guy in a cage. Well, how did that one turn out? They were barely in the show, and when they are, they were the guy in the cage. I'm hoping that we see more of Theon than I think we will this season, but I'm not convinced he's going to play a very large part. It's a shame, because as you said, Allen does a fantastic job with the character. I think he's one of the characters that shines a lot brighter on screen than on the page.
Not to point out the obvious, but clearly there is one event that is far and away the one everyone in the know is looking forward to: the Red Wedding. No doubt it is going to be the climax of the season and completely knock the socks off those viewers who don't know it's coming. I'm particularly excited to see Roose Bolton go fully over to the dark side and pick up their mantle of grade A villain.
Ivey: Don't get me wrong: I'm looking forward to the Red Wedding as much as the next guy … OK, that's a lie. I'm not looking forward to it nearly as much as you are. I've never particularly cared for either Robb or Caitlyn(really dude, you can't even spell their name? I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that this was an autocorrect) Stark, and their fates were never a part of the story that I particularly cared for. Roose's betrayal is important — though I've always liked the covert way Martin confirmed that the elder Bolton was in attendance, and that will obviously be lost on the show. I am also looking forward to the little things: how the Rains of Castamere is incorporated into the episode (I really like how they snuck it in again and again in the second season) and whatever the fate of Robb's new wife will be. The Red Wedding is actually my least favorite wedding in Storm, but I don't think we'll be seeing the Purple Wedding in S3, nor Sansa/Tyrion's — and why don't they get a color?
There is a moment we'll see this season that really kicks off one of the more interesting character arcs in the whole series. Jaime Lannister's turn, that will begin this season, makes them one of the more fascinating characters in Westeros. And considering how the story has been compressed thus far, I have a feeling that Episode 7, ‘The Bear and the Maiden Fair” will find Jaime loosing their hand to the Bear instead of to a sword.
Bob: That would disappoint me a bit. Vargo Hoat is one of the more despicable characters in the books, and I would love to see them on the show, taking the great Jaime Lannister's hand, instead of some bear eating it off. We'll have to see.
I think that what we're seeing here is the simple fact that Storm of Swords is probably the best novel in the series to date.
I think that what we're seeing here is the simple fact that Storm of Swords is probably the best novel in the series to date. I feel like I could rattle off four or five events that I am way more excited about than anything that happened in season two. Granted, not all of them are going to come this year, as the show splits the book into two halves (though it does look like all of Dany's story is going to make it into this season, as the previews seem to show the burning of Astapor — good times!).
Ivey: I'm just hoping anything that happens with Dany's storyline this season is an improvement over last season. There were definitely some good moments, but for the most part I found their story incredibly boring — killing Doreah probably didn't help that fact. There is one moment that I hope will happen this season that I am looking forward to, just as I was looking forward to it last season. The only thing I really liked about Dany's story after Game of Thrones was the introduction of Arstan Whitebeard — and their backstory — and their partner Strong Belwas. I think that Arstan will show up this season (Ian McElhinney has indicated they did film scenes this season), but I'm afraid Belwas might be a casualty.
Bob: I'm a fan of Belwas, so I hope they show up eventually, even if he's late to the party. That seems to be something the producers are willing to do to balance their budget and the insane amount of characters in Martin's universe. Arstan is way too important in A Dance with Dragons to leave out completely.
I agree there was probably a little too much “WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS? URGH!” last season with Dany, but I thought the burning of Astapor was one of their brightest moments in the books, so I guess I'm looking forward to that too!
Photo Credit: Keith Bernstein/HBO
Chelsea coach Andre Villas Boas is recently targeted from Inter's president Massimo Morati as new successor for Claudio Ranieri who is likely leaving at the end of the season. Ranieri really had their chance but recent performances has shown that they are not capable of managing great team such as Inter. Inter are without win on the last 4 matches and they're 14 points beyond city rivals Milan. Inter looked good, played well, Ranieri managed to motivate and they had 7 games winning steak but now they're back on the begging. On the other hand Boas who have won everything possible with Porto last year is struggluing in the Premier League as their Chelsea team is on 5th place 16 points beyond leaders Manchester City. They came at Chelsea last summer when Chelsea paid their buyout clause of 15 millions Euro. Chelsea are now targeting their former and one of the best managers in the world Jose Mourinho. Mourinho recently has confirmed that they would like to continue their career in England when they succeed with Real Madrid and won Premiera Division. Real Madrid is on a good way to do that as they are 10 points ahead of rivals Barcelona. So if Chelsea fail to qualify for Champions League it would be interesting summer in London as Villas Boas likely will be released from their function in the team. Can Inter and Chelsea both win in their intentions to get better managers??? Forza INTER!!!
New York, NY (December 18, 2014) —Already a marquee event featuring Dusty “The Beltway Boricua” Hernandez-Harrison (24-0, 13 KOs) vs. Tommy “The Razor” Rainone (22-5-1, 4 KOs) in a 10-round main event for the vacant WBC Continental Americas Welterweight Championship along with an all-star lineup of musical talent performing, the January 9 edition of throne boxing just got event bigger with the announcement of an exciting undercard that will have fans in The Theater at Madison Square Garden on their feet and those watching at home cheering as they watch the action live on FOX Sports 1.
In an intriguing televised co-featured bout, 2008 Bahamian Olympian Tureano Johnson (16-1, 11 KOs) and Alex “El Principe” Theran (17-1, 10 KOs) of Barranquilla, Colombia will battle it out over 10 rounds for Johnson's WBC Continental Americas Middleweight Championship and the vacant WBA International Middleweight Championship. Johnson is a dynamic puncher who has achieved a top ten rating and has their sights set on the division's elite. In their last fight on December 5, they scored a sixth round knockout win over veteran Humberto Toledo. Theran comes into the fight fresh off of a sixth round stoppage of Jhonatan Ricar on October 11 and will be looking to make a statement of their own that they have arrived as a threat at 160 lbs.
In another title tilt, Cecil McCalla (20-0, 7 KOs) of Randallstown, Maryland takes on Gauteng, South Africa's Chris “The Heat” Van Heerden (21-1-1, 11 KOs) in a 10-round bout for the vacant IBF International Welterweight Championship. McCalla's most recent victory, a first round knockout of Mexico's Francisco Javier Reza on November 21, was their fourth win of 2014. Prior to the Reza fight, McCalla turned in their career-best performance, upsetting up and coming prospect Oscar Godoy in a seemingly effortless unanimous decision victory. Van Heerden claimed the South African Welterweight title and African Boxing Union Welterweight title before relocating to the United States in winter 2013 to train with Hall of Fame trainer Freddie Roach. Van Heerden's resume contains victories over Kaiser Mabuza, Sebastian Lujan, Matthew Hatton, the always-difficult Cosme Rivera and most recently, over the big punching Ray Narh on April 16.
In other undercard action, one of boxing's hottest young prospects, Bowie, Maryland's Jerry “The King's Son” Odom (12-0, 11 KOs) will face fellow undefeated prospect Andrew “Hurricane” Hernandez (7-0-1, 1 KO) of Phoenix, Arizona in a six-round super middleweight bout. Odom was a decorated amateur who won a National Golden Gloves Championship in 2012 and was named the 2012 Amateur Boxer of the Year. One of the most fearsome punchers in boxing today, Odom is coming off of a seventh round knockout victory over then fellow undefeated prospect Vilier Quinonez in July. Hernandez will also look to hang on to their “0” under the bright Madison Square Garden lights in their first action since September 26 when they scored a unanimous decision victory over Rollin Williams.
With a spectacular amateur career spanning over 200 fights which saw them achieve a number one national ranking at 132 lbs., Chicago's Kenneth “Boss Man” Sims Jr. (4-0, 2 KOs) turned professional in March of this year and has impressed thus far. They have been tabbed as a future star in the ring, but before they can reach that level they must get past Justin Johnson (6-7-4) of Braddock, Pennsylvania in their six-round junior welterweight fight.
Eduardo Martinez (4-0, 1 KO) of Chicago is another highly touted amateur for whom boxing insiders have high expectations. After compiling an amateur record of 85-10, winning the 2013 U.S.A. Boxing National Championship and achieving a number one national ranking at 123 lbs., Martinez turned professional on March 7 of this year. On January 9, they face Rigoberto Miranda (0-2-2) of Troy, New York in a four-round featherweight bout.
Wellington “W.A.R.” Romero (4-0-1, 2 KOs) represented their native Dominican Republic at the 2012 Olympics in London. Now fighting out of Newburgh, New York, the undefeated junior welterweight will look to continue their professional rise when they take on Cleveland's Leo Kreischer (3-6-1, 2 KOs) in a four-round junior welterweight bout on January 9.
A Silver Medalist at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Zhang “Big Bang” Zhilei (1-0, 1 KO) of Zhoukou, China is an imposing figure at 6'6” and 250 lbs. who will look to infuse excitement into the heavyweight division. On January 9, they face Kaleb Slaughter (Pro Debut) of Cincinnati, Ohio in a four-round bout.
Dustin “The White Tiger” Fleischer (Pro Debut) of Monmouth Beach, New Jersey is on a quest to become the first grandson of a Holocaust survivor to be crowned a world champion. A Two-Time New Jersey Golden Gloves Champion and the youngest graduate of the U.S. Olympic Education Center, Fleischer compiled an amateur record of 112-18. They turn professional at The Garden on the 9 th against Frank Jordan (0-2) from Elizabeth, New Jersey in a four-round junior welterweight bout.
Roc Nations Sports' foray into the world of boxing will officially begin with the debut of throne boxing on Friday, January 9, 2015 from The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City. In addition to the great action inside the ring, the January 9 edition of throne boxing will feature several notable Roc Nation touches that will further serve spectators with an enhanced fan experience, including hit master DJ Mustard who will serve alongside notable event emcee and “Voice of New York” Angie Martinez throughout the night with Brooklyn's own two-time platinum recording artist Fabolous taking the stage between fights for a special performance. On fight night, doors open at 6:30 PM, with the first bout to take place at 6:35 PM and the FOX Sports 1 telecast beginning at 10:00 PM ET/7:00 PM PT.
Tickets priced at $205, $105, $55 and $30 plus any Ticketmaster charges are available for purchase at the Madison Square Garden box office, online at www.thegarden.com and at all Ticketmaster outlets. One dollar from each ticket sold will be donated to the Muhammad Ali Center.
I-Team: Lawmakers consider banning intersex surgeries on children Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
LAS VEGAS - Born with the traits of both a boy and a girl. It's called intersex. Some doctors say they can fix the condition, but there's a movement to ban those surgeries on children.
This is an issue more families are faced with than you might think. It's estimated close to 2 percent of the population is intersex meaning they were born with both male and female traits.
For years, doctors have been operating on these children to essentially make them just a boy or just a girl, but the voices opposing that are getting louder.
Georgiann Davis was a little girl before their life changed after doctors made a discovery about their body.
"They wheeled me down into the operating room as a 17-year-old and told me that they were removing malignant ovaries," Davis said. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
They found out the real reason why in their early 20s. Davis says they learned was intersex. Them body looked female on the outside, but inside they had testes and that's what doctors removed leaving them infertile and on hormones for the rest of their life.
"I felt ashamed. I felt upset," they said.
 They are now the president of InterACT, an advocacy group for intersex youth.
Some Nevada lawmakers are trying to ban those surgeries.
"Doctors, they present intersex as a medical emergency. Oh, my gosh!" Davis said.
Former legislator, Doctor Andy Eisen, testified in favor of Senate Bill 408.
"What we're trying to do is to give the child an opportunity to grow and learn and understand themselves," said Dr. Eisen.
Pediatric urologist Clare Close opposes the bill.
"When parents are told that their baby isn't going to get a little pink hat in the nursery or a blue hat, it's a very, very stressful time," they said. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Senate Bill 408 would ban gender reassignment surgery performed on children unless an assessment confirms the child understands it or not doing it would put the child's life in danger.
"We do not gender reassign any child who has a sex that is determined their outside parts don't look completely normal," Dr. Close said.
They say throughout their career, she's performed three gender reassignment surgeries on children. And today a team including a pediatric urologist, ethicist, geneticist and endocrinologist meet with parents to discuss options before those surgeries happen. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Dr. Close calls SB 408 poorly written because they say it could also ban surgeries to fix hypospadeus. It's estimated one in 200 boys have the condition in which the penis may not appear or function as it should.
They perform those surgeries regularly.
"If we don't do it here in Nevada, we will be the only place in the free world who's not doing it," they said.
The senate passed SB 408 along party lines and now the assembly is considering it. On the national level, a lawsuit involving an intersex boy after gender reassignment surgery was performed on them is gaining attention.
And internationally, the United Nations calls the surgeries human rights violation.
"This is genital mutilation," Davis said.
Boy or girl or boy, girl and intersex? A decision Nevada lawmakers and parents are faced with.
"We can't even make a decision about, you know letting transgendered people use a certain bathroom. I disagree that this society is ready for a third sex," Dr. Close said.
"I think it's time for U.S. doctors to wake up and realize that these surgeries that are meant to help people are harming them," Davis said.
Whether the bill passes should be known by June.
Buying a “New” Bike
So here's my bike and me! I bought them off craigslist around November I believe? We've been in a relatively monogamous relationship ever since (sometimes I test ride other ones, but at the end of the day, I'm hauling my baby up my steps).
Anyway, I highly recommend fall/winter to buy a bike as it's the buyer's market (There aren't many people buying bikes during the winter). If you're not comfortable with purchasing a bike off craigslist/prefer to support your local bike then go right ahead and do that instead! It's not uncommon to find used bike deals that rival craigslist at bike shops anyway. While craigslist is generally fine, you're also less likely to be duped and/or killed at your local bike shop.* Most of these tips will still apply though.
I've cycled through a few bikes (no pun intended hehe), so here's my experience getting something off craigslist.
1. Research What You'd Like
This is always my favorite part as I love browsing craigslist/the interwebs. Don't know what you want? Google: “what kind of bike should I get?” and go from there. I knew I wanted a hybrid and I was pretty sure of what size I wanted, so I just went from there.
2. What's Your Price Range?
The prices vary from free to the thousands. Generally, my bikes have costed anywhere between $0-$40, so I was excited to get something a bit “fancier” hehe. I ended up getting an older model Women's Specific 7.2 FX Trek Hybrid.
It cost around $250 and a back rack and reflectors were thrown in. I also took it to a general tuning afterwards. There was a part or two that needed to be replaced, so I got that out of the way. $250 is pretty reasonable I think in ze bike world, especially with the addons. Also, I checked today and saw the rack I got (Topeak) retails at $40! When I read further on Amazon I saw some good pros/cons on the reviews so maybe I'll delve into those later. Either way, I feel like I got away with a steal. Though, I'm in the midst of planning a move, so I may take mine with me or get a “new one” where I go.
3. Trying Out the Bike
This time, I wasn't as prepared for my craiglist bicycle buying meet-up as my last one. Last time I looked at a bike, I met in front of a bike shop and my brother come with me.
This time, I was just super excited and walked on over by myself to the person's house after work (but I did let a friend know). I of course then wanted to test ride it, but had to put my stuff at their house. So I ended up leaving my bag (which had all my money and credit cards…) at their place while I test rode it. While everything worked out, I would recommend being a bit more prepared than I was. Most people are nice, but it's probably best not to leave valuables unattended at a stranger's place… Also funny story, I ran into them a couple months later on the day I had just finished my first multi-day biking trip with the bike I bought from them and we had a nice lil chat. 🙂
4. Price Agreement
Money time. This is why it's important to test out the bike! I haggled on the price slightly as I could tell it wasn't riding super smoothly. In order to get a fair deal, it's also important to do some research on the bike and what it retails for beforehand. Sometimes on forums, they'll have used bike prices people have put up that you can compare. All in all, you don't want to feel completely out of your element when you get there, so research as much as you can find. Lastly, if you can, bring someone who's knowledgeable about bikes with you to help assess the bike's worth.
5. Ride away
Take your new whip for a ride! I remember my first ride on my bike. Super wobbly, seat was too low, but I was smiling all the way home 🙂
—
*I have no actual stats on this. Just going on a leap of faith.
Related
Category: Tips
• Extremely powerful “nation wrecker” driving force behind New World Order.
By Ronald L. Ray —
The subject of George Soros, born Schwartz György, the super-wealthy slash-and-burn speculator and Jewish-Hungarian expatriate, is one always revealing new facets. Soros's adventures in “nation-building” and “democratic revolution” are the left half of internationalist vise grips, set in so-called opposition to the “rightwing,” Trotskyite, neoconservative war hawks. While seemingly fighting each other, together both tighten the political hold on the peoples of the world, as they turn all toward a New World Order (NWO). The terrorist suspect's most recent efforts through “open society” foundations they funds are bringing globalist gunpowder plots to places like Poland and Armenia, in the long march to make the world safe for plutocracy.
The typical American, brainwashed by the terminology of political “right” and “left,” often is puzzled by apparent inconsistencies in Soros's behavior. On the one hand, the Jewish investor generally opposes Zionism and Israel's genocide of Palestinians, yet they are guilty of the worst forms of crony capitalism and exploitative libertarianism, while funding a variety of social uprisings. But, in reality, their views and practices are remarkably consistent.
Apparently, Soros learned their trading practices through the black market in Hungary's “bad old days.” This amoral ruthlessness in pursuit of profit allowed them to amass a fortune of approximately $22 billion, while nearly destroying the currencies of Great Britain and Malaysia. They were convicted of insider trading by a French court, and Thailand branded them an “economic war criminal,” according to the online FrontPage Magazine.
From our perspective, it is this plutocratic piracy which is the leitmotiv of Soros's life. Ultimately, they use their political involvements as springboards to profit from the societal destruction they promote, and their efforts to help establish a centrally planned globalist government are meant to protect their profiteering.
Thus, the recently installed nationalist/populist government of Poland—universally deemed, along with all other nationalist movements, as “extreme right wing” by the mainstream media myrmidons—has become a new target for Soros, the “stateless statesman” and international parasite.
According to an extensive article by Matthew Tyrmand of Breitbart on May 19, 2016, the Committee for Defense of Democracy (Komitet Obrony Demokracji, or KOD) sprang up shortly after Poles almost completely rejected the thoroughly corrupt major parties and remaining communist apparatchiks. This contrived “popular” opposition to the nationalists mirrors typical Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) operations elsewhere and is designed to reintegrate the local population into the European Union and NWO.
The KOD is well funded and shadowed everywhere by the Stefan Batory Foundation, which in turn is funded by Soros's Warsaw Open Society Foundation. These groups exhibit the typical New Left defense of white genocide, open borders, exploitation of workers, and government by unelected technocrats. Soros and their ilk clearly cannot tolerate people with strong national identities, who might seek their own people's welfare.
In Armenia, which is closely allied with Russia as a defense against their hereditary Turkish enemies, a phony “popular” opposition to the government has arisen, as well, funded by the Soros-backed CIA-front group, the National Endowment for Democracy. Here, the purpose is again to destroy strong nationalist opposition to the globalists' desired hegemony through carefully orchestrated mobocracy.
Such Soros initiatives bear close watching as they typically develop into violent, sociopathic uprisings. Investigative journalist Wayne Madsen recently exposed the deep roots of the erstwhile Hungarian's harmful internationalism, which appear to include ties to organized terrorism.
According to Madsen, Soros began profitseeking infiltration efforts into Eastern Europe in 1984 through the Soros Foundation Budapest. After exploiting the “crash of 1987” for massive monetary gains, they started funneling what the CIA called “kosher cash” into anti-communist opposition groups to destabilize the government of then-Czechoslovakia. Soros financially supported Charter 77 and the likes of future Czech leader Vaclav Havel. But a declassified, redacted CIA report raises the question of whether anti-communist terror bombings at the time may also have been funded or even authorized by Soros.
What is not in question is Soros's involvement in numerous similar activities for decades across the world. Hungary, Serbia, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, and Kazakhstan as well as Egypt, Syria, and Iraq have all experienced the societally detrimental effects of Soros's provocations.
Viktor Orban, prime minister of Hungary, recently criticized Soros for attempting to destabilize it and “trying to cause trouble,” in opposition to the will of the people, according to online The Times of Israel. “Soros is opposing the government . . . by supporting non-governmental groups which want to push back [its] position on the migration issue,” said Orban.
Perhaps the capstone of the plutocrat's power grab has been Ukraine, where their International Renaissance Foundation spent over $100 million to destroy the Russian-aligned country and establish an even more corrupt, genocidal puppet government. In this case, Soros proudly admits to being one of those who have funded the United States- and Israel-sponsored bloody coup and unabated civil war. They also have close ties to the oligarchs now ruling the beleaguered Slavic nation.
Soros likewise is busily dumping tens of billions of dollars into the accelerating white genocide through foreign invasion in Europe and the U.S., with the goal of destroying those regions' historic cultures and peoples—including the Catholic Church. Another example, Black Lives Matter is attempting to incite an anti-white race war and has received tens of millions of dollars from Soros groups.
Soros is neither a philanthropist nor an entrepreneur. Based on their record, they are an international sponsor of terrorism, war, and genocide. They should be imprisoned and hanged for their crimes.
Ronald L. Ray is a freelance author and an assistant editor of THE BARNES REVIEW.  They are a descendant of several patriots of the American War for Independence.
A series of mistakes by an air traffic controller at San Diego's Brown Field was likely what caused two planes to collide last year, killing all five on board, a federal report says.
Contributing to the accident was the two pilots' failure to see each other in time to avoid a collision, the National Transportation Safety Board said.
The report on the Aug. 16, 2015, crash was issued last month, along with safety alerts calling for extra training for air traffic controllers and advice that pilots use cockpit technologies that may help avoid a collision.
A Cessna 172M was piloted by Qualcomm executive Michael A Copeland. An experimental Sabreliner was piloted by Jeffrey Percy, with co-pilot James Hale and passengers Carlos Palos and John Kovach also on board.
Four of those in the Sabreliner were employees of military contractor BAE Systems, while Hale worked as a BAE contract employee.
The planes collided about a mile northeast of Brown Field Municipal Airport in Otay Mesa. Debris was scattered across brushy hillsides, and all five men were found dead amid the wreckage.
The NTSB said the probable cause of the accident was the local air traffic controller's “failure to properly identify the aircraft in the (departure) pattern and to ensure control instructions provided to the intended Cessna on downwind were being performed before turning Eagle1 (the Sabreliner) into its path for landing.”
The air traffic controller, who was not named in the report, had 37 years' experience: five with the Air Force, 24 years with the Federal Aviation Administration and eight years with Serco Inc., a government services contractor hired by the FAA to provide controllers at some airports, including Brown Field.
The report added that a contributing factor was the controller's “incomplete situational awareness” when they took over communications from a trainee due to the high workload at the time of the accident.
A third factor was the inherent limitations to a long-standing FAA “see and avoid” concept of relying on pilots to keep each other in view.
The weather, warm and clear, was not a factor, and the pilots and co-pilot had no drugs or alcohol in their systems.
The families of all five men have sued Serco for wrongful death. BAE was also named as a defendant in some of the lawsuits.
Kovach's family appears to have reached a settlement on undisclosed terms, according to San Diego Superior Court documents. The four other lawsuits appear headed for trial in August.
Serco representatives, reached at their Virginia headquarters, did not provide a comment on the lawsuits or the NTSB findings.
An FAA spokesperson said Serco continues to hold a contract to provide air traffic controllers at Brown Field, which the city of San Diego owns. The city is not named in the lawsuits.
The report set out a minute-by-minute account of the events leading up to the collision.
Read full report
Copeland had left Montgomery Field in Kearny Mesa earlier and at 10:49 a.m. requested approval to conduct touch-and-go landings at Brown Field. Their request was granted.
The Sabreliner crew was returning to Brown Field after a mission. It was starting to land after the Cessna completed one landing and took off again.
The air traffic controller was working with a trainee that day.
When the workload started to build, the experienced man took over from the trainee at 10:59 a.m. They were in communications with nine aircraft on the ground and in the air — two more than they were personally comfortable with, they later told NTSB investigators.
At that point, the NTSB said, they should have handed off control of some aircraft or directed traffic away from Brown Field.
Over the course of two minutes, the controller mistook several planes and gave them wrong instructions, which they and the pilots quickly corrected, the report said. They gave approval for another Cessna 172 to take off.
The controller saw the Sabreliner, called Eagle1, approaching the airport and two Cessnas, including the one Copeland was piloting, in its vicinity.
“He was aware of the potential conflict between two aircraft, even though they did not have the accurate mental picture of which Cessna was which,” the NTSB said. The agency said the controller should have issued a safety alert to Eagle1 to climb immediately.
As Eagle1 kept approaching, its pilot commented, “Wow, he's like panicking,” as heard on the cockpit recorder, the report said.
One passenger was recorded seconds later saying, “See them right there?” The flight crew also reported to the air traffic controller that they had traffic in sight on their left and right.
The controller, thinking they were talking to Copeland in the Cessna flying closest to the airport, mistakenly radioed the other Cessna, which was further away. That second pilot heard instructions to make a right 360-degree turn over the airport, and they began making that turn.
After clearing Eagle1 to land, the controller looked up and noticed a Cessna that was not making a right turn. They again contacted the wrong pilot, who again confirmed they were turning. Copeland, who should have been told to turn, was not given the instruction.
At that time, Eagle1's pilot was recorded saying, “I see the shadow but I don't see him.”
At 11:03 a.m., the controller transmitted Copeland's plane ID number, and Copeland repeated the number. Four seconds later, the controller asked Copeland if they were still “on the right downwind leg,” turning right. Copeland did not answer.
The controller and the trainee then saw Eagle1 and Copeland's plane collide.
The Sabreliner's right wing hit the left side of the Cessna's engine.
The NTSB tried to reconstruct the chain of events by creating animations of the views the two pilots would have had before crashing. They found that the fields of view were limited and partly obscured.
In April, the FAA published an update to its advisory on a pilot's role in avoiding collisions by advocating cockpit warning systems.
A separate FAA order reminds air traffic controllers that their highest priority is to separate aircraft and issue safety alerts as needed.
Since Bayonetta 2 was announced last year, fans of the angel-killing witch have been waiting for any new info on the game outside of the brief teaser that was shown. Those devotees finally got some new info during today's Nintendo Direct in this new video for the game. We also grabbed screenshots of the most telling portions of the trailer and posted them in the gallery above..
The game still looks early, but at least this shows the team at Platinum is making progress with the anticipated title. Not much more was revealed for the game, but Platinum fans can take some solace in the newest trailer for the dev's other Wii U game, The Wonderful 101. Planned for release sometime in the next 6 months, here's the trailer...
Planetary researchers with NASA's Cassini mission have identified the highest point on Titan, the largest moon of Saturn.
A trio of mountainous ridges called the Mithrim Montes is home to Titan's tallest peak.
The mountain, which has an elevation of 10,948 feet (3,337 m), is located midway along the lowest of the three ridges shown in the radar image above.
“It's not only the highest point we've found so far on Titan, but we think it's the highest point we're likely to find,” said team member Dr. Stephen Wall, from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Dr. Wall and their colleagues used images and other data from Cassini's radar instrument, which can peer through the obscuring smog of Titan's atmosphere to reveal the surface in detail.
“Radar images do not present scenes as they would appear to human eyes,” the scientists explained.
“Instead of sunlight, radar images use radio waves beamed by the spacecraft that are reflected and scattered off of Titan's surface in order to see through Titan's opaque atmosphere.”
“Bright regions indicate materials that are rough or that otherwise scatter the beam; dark regions indicate materials that are relatively smooth or that otherwise absorb radar waves.”
According to the researchers, most of Titan's tallest mountains appear to be close to the equator.
They identified other peaks of similar height within the Mithrim Montes, as well as in the rugged region known as Xanadu, and in collections of more isolated peaks called ‘ridge belts.'
Cassini has found that Titan also has rain and rivers that erode its landscape.
“The process probably proceeds much more slowly on Titan than on Earth because, at ten times Earth's distance from the Sun, there is less energy to power erosive processes in the moon's atmosphere,” said team member Dr. Jani Radebaugh, from Brigham Young University.
Titan's icy crust sits atop a deep ocean of liquid water that probably acts much like Earth's upper mantle.
Once a period of mountain-building ends, these fluid layers – Earth's upper mantle and Titan's liquid ocean – allow the crust to relax. Also, at great depth, the water-ice bedrock of Titan is softer than rock on Earth.
Because of these characteristics, scientists didn't expect mountains on Titan would tower quite as high as those on Earth.
The fact that Titan has significant mountains at all suggests that some active tectonic forces could be affecting the surface, for example, related to Titan's rotation, tidal forces from Saturn or cooling of the crust.
The findings were presented March 24, 2016, at the 47th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference at The Woodlands, Texas.
The next step for the team will be trying to figure out what could produce such tall peaks on Titan.
_____
Jani Radebaugh et al. 2016. The Highest Point on Titan. 47th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference, abstract # 2694
R.D. Lorenz et al. 2016. The Edge of Xanadu : Investigation with Altimetry and Nadir Emissivity. 47th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference, abstract # 1910
Grima C. et al. 2016. Radar Statistical Reconnaissance with the Cassini RADAR: Roughness of Titan's Seas. 47th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference, abstract # 1660
The parents of a 39-year-old who died in a Christmas Eve confrontation with the Los Angeles Police Department in 2014 was awarded $5.5 million by a federal jury on Monday, KPCC radio reports.
KPCC reports that LAPD officers "hit the man with their batons and fists, pepper sprayed and restrained him." An officer also stunned the man with a Taser six times in a row. They suffered a heart attack an hour later and died after two days.
The coroner's report blamed an enlarged heart, cocaine use, and "police restraint with use of Taser."
The man, Michael F. Mears, had a confrontation with the police outside of their apartment after their roommate reported that Mears told them "someone was coming after him." When they didn't cooperate with paramedics, police officers were called in. One officer used their Taser six times in three minutes, including one burst that lasted 32 seconds.
KPCC reports that the Police Executive Research Forum, an independent research group, recommends that a suspect not be exposed to a Taser for more than 15 seconds total. Tasing someone for longer than that "may increase the risk of death or serious injury," the group says.
The jury concluded that the police used "excessive and unreasonable force in violation of the 4th Amendment" and faulted the LAPD for offering inadequate training to the officers.
The city's lawyers had argued that Mears' cocaine use had been responsible for their death and described Mears as "out of control."
This is far from the first time Tasers have been blamed for people's deaths. A recent Reuters investigation looked at more than 1,000 incidents in which someone died after an encounter with the police when Tasers were used. Reuters found that "In at least 153 of those cases, coroners or medical examiners cited the Taser as a cause or contributing factor in the death."
Reuters says that the Taser company, which recently changed its name to Axon, disputed the Reuters analysis: "Taser said the only deaths that can be attributed to its stun guns involve 24 cases in which the person died from secondary injuries, such as falls or fires caused by the Taser."
Boy, I'd sure like to apologize to all those Tolkien nerds who first got mad at me for not knowing my non-Hobbit-and-basic-trilogy Tolkien arcana yesterday, but then got further upset when I told them that I was playing the haunting ballad “Look Into My Eyes (While I Masturbate)” just for them. That was wrong of me, and uncalled for, and I regret it.
I'd like to make it up to all you hobbits and elves and rangers and clerics and whatever. I've since discovered another awesome fan film based on the Lord of the Rings mythos; above is a small snippet from it. If I've done my research right, it's from The Lays of Beleriand and the saga of Turin Turambar, which would put it…somewhere in the First Age, right? Tell you what — you guys just watch the video and let me know. Many thanks to Arsenal for the tip!
The University of Alabama is ordering changes in its sorority system amid charges of discrimination in the Greek-letter organizations, which the administration acknowledged Tuesday are segregated by race.
President Judy Bonner mandated that sororities belonging to a campus association composed of white sororities begin a recruitment process in which new members can be added at any time. They also expanded the maximum size of the groups to 360 people, to increase the chances of prospective members.
Bonner, in a video statement released by the university, said people are watching Alabama just as they did when it admitted its first black students five decades ago.
"This time it is because our Greek system remains segregated and chapter members admit that during the recruitment process that ended a few weeks ago decisions were made based on race," they said.
Bonner said "systemic and profound changes" were required for graduates to compete globally.
"While we will not tell any group who they must pledge, the University of Alabama will not tolerate discrimination of any kind," said Bonner, who became the school's first female president less than a year ago.
Bonner enacted the new policy Monday just days after the student newspaper, The Crimson White, detailed allegations that alumnae of some all-white sororities had blocked chapters from adding two black students as new members in August, when the university announced 1,896 new sorority members.
The Faculty Senate scheduled a meeting for Tuesday afternoon to consider a statement asking administrators to take further steps against campus racism.
Donna Meester, vice president of the senate, said the group planned to address sorority recruitment and involvement in a recent city election in which some sorority members allegedly received free alcohol in exchange for voting for certain candidates.
University of Alabama trustee John England Jr, a state court judge in Tuscaloosa and a former member of the Alabama supreme court, last week confirmed their step-granddaughter was one of two young black women who tried to join an all-white sorority but were rejected for membership.
Governor Robert Bentley and trustee Paul Bryant Jr, son of the legendary Alabama football coach Paul "Bear" Bryant, are among those who have publicly criticized segregated Greek organizations at the university since the first report.
The charges of racism are marring a year in which the university is trying to show racial progress in the 50 years since then-Governor George C Wallace's "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door" blocking integration at Alabama, and with the school's football team ranked first nationally.
Allegations of racism at Alabama provided a backdrop over the weekend at ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of the 1963 bombing that killed four black girls at a church in Birmingham. Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson suggested picketing all-white sororities at the university, and Representative Terri Sewell, whose district includes Tuscaloosa, said the situation at Alabama shows discrimination isn't dead.
"When we still have fraternities and sororities in our state that block because of race, we still have work to do," said Sewell.
The university enrolled a record 34,852 students this semester, and about 13% of its students last year were black. Its Greek organizations have been segregated by race since the first black students enrolled and established social organizations, with one oversight organization composed of white sororities and another composed of minority sororities.
Only a few blacks ever have attempted to join historically white Greek groups at Alabama, where there are also historically black fraternities and sororities.
University spokesperson Cathy Andreen said Bonner's order on recruitment applies to 18 white sororities in the Alabama Panhellenic Association, the campus arm of the National Panhellenic Conference. Eight black sororities and fraternities at Alabama are affiliated the assocation.
The Interfraternity Council includes 27 historically white fraternities, and an umbrella organization is composed of leaders of all three groups.
The #NeverTrump Rump's Premature Glee
The Dog Days, and until last week, they haven't been kind to Donald Trump. Polls then said he's trailing Hillary. Even the honest ones. That's in key battleground states. The MSM have toiled like good little propagandists since the Democratic National Convention to deliver a death of a thousand cuts to The Donald. The #NeverTrump rump continues to add theirs. It's curious watching the Kristols, Ericksons, and Shaprios in league with the Washington Post and New York Times. Trump hate and fear makes for unholy alliances. “Turn out the lights, the party's over,” as the late Dandy Don Meredith used to warble on Monday Night Football; that's when one or the other team was being hosed. The MSM wants to snooker voters into believing that the game's over -- in what amounts to the 1st quarter. Or barely the second. But there's a lot of game left and sound polling points to game on; Hillary's lead is thin. In fact, post Labor Day is when the game really revs up. This thing may be decided by a field goal.
What does the #NeverTrump rump think the practical consequences are of downing The Donald? That's post November, if any of them care to think ahead. Why, blissful, threat-removing triumph. A vivifying restoration. Joint custody of the narrative… for the GOPe and “movement” conservatives. Yes, a restoration for the GOPe. Jeb, who was maliciously cut down before ever getting to assume the throne, gets their chance again. Unless Prince Paul Ryan waylays him. But palace intrigue is better than contending with Trump the Usurper. All those unruly voters who flooded Republican primaries and caucuses to side with The Donald? Gone with the wind -- or so chastised they'll knuckle under, voting Republican as atonement. Freed of the Donald, Speaker Paul Ryan can limelight their DC think-tank maunderings, pushing big government reform (government will still be bigger, but gently improved). Ryan can cooperate with Hillary (because focus groups still insist that's what Americans want). With Jeb doing the old rah-rah, Ryan will legislate for compassion -- making downtrodden illegals, legal, and opening the gates to Syrians and Muslims, period, because, gosh darn it, “religious tests” are un-American. But unfettered trade with the Chinese is American, apparently. Flooding the PRC with dollars that helps build its war machine is just red, white, and blue American. The GOPe will once again publicly sport U.S. Chamber of Commerce pins and, along with Silicon Valley titans, extol the advantages of cheap handhelds. Blue collar and Middle Americans will need to keep adjusting. Maybe Speaker Ryan will devise a newer, better retraining and relocation tax credit? You know, with a snappy tag, like the “Bootstraps to Heaven Initiative.” That sounds like nice conscience-cleansing fodder for a presser. Plus, hourly wage jobs grow like weeds on the coasts. So move. Then there are the asupervisorstioned movement conservatives (puritans, actually), who guard conservatism's chastity as if it's a proper Salem lassie. Trump, the cad, the mountebank, has one thing in mind: despoil conservativism. Make the good girl, bad. Conservatives who support Trump -- the cad's soulless pimps. The apostles of puritan conservatism huddle together, virtually screeding and hashtagging, pouring forth envenomed rage, awaiting an Apocalypse that surely will usher in a constitutional convention, where modern day Washingtons, Adamses, and Madisons lead us back to that Golden Time. Utopians, those folk. How dare hard realities and gritty-gray choices get in the way? Hillary is bad, The Donald is worse, and they'll protest both with ballots for Gary Johnson -- or they'll just write in Paul Revere. Say, though, that Trump loses in November. There's no status quo ante. No return to the clubby center-ring slapping matches between the GOPe and puritan conservatives -- matches that have been practically ritualized and rendered vacuous over the years. 2016, a Rubicon of sorts, will have been crossed. Those bestirred millions for Trump aren't going to melt away; they aren't beating their swords into plowshares. They aren't repenting, lapping up the collected wisdom of John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Mitch McConnell, and Paul Ryan. Nor making a National Review subscription a must. No pilgrimages will be made to Kennebunkport. They aren't going to flock to Monticello, there to genuflect in front of busts of Jefferson. No, Trump, win or lose, represents a game-changer. There are many possible analogies; none satisfactorily capture the moment entirely. Perhaps World War I offers a clue. The world going into the “war to end all wars” wasn't the same as the world that came out of that war. That old world, with its old rules, would never be again. Victory for the allies was pyrrhic; defeat for the Germans was humiliating. A second deadly war was practically inevitable (leastwise, in hindsight). A Trump victory offers a pathway, not a resolution -- not short or midterm, at least. President Trump will have their chance to forge a new nationalist-conservative majority. But let's not kid ourselves. The success or failure of “Trumpism” depends on many different factors. A nation roiling now with competing values, interests, factions, isms, beliefs, ideologues -- left, right and center, God-based and godless, will continue to roil. A new America, for good or ill, won't emerge for a time, and the struggle getting there promises to be cruel. For all those narrow and deluded minds among the #NeverTrump rump -- by their own reckoning -- a Trump win bodes ill for you. But a Trump loss promises only that the fight continues and ratchets up, matter of fact. The passion among the millions coming out for Trump isn't going away -- and, best bet, that passion ain't going your way.
In the next version of the Legion Alpha, we're adjusting the Human racial ‘Every Man for Himself' to only remove stun effects. The racial will share a 30 second cooldown with other similar effects.Due to the changes to PvP gear and the introduction of PvP talents in Legion, the Warlords of Draenor implementation of Every Man For Himself no longer makes sense. So instead, we're trying out an implementation that functions similar to Will of the Forsaken. It will only break Stun effects, but won't trigger the full 2-minute cooldown on your Gladiator's Medallion ability (which is the Legion version of the current Medallion trinkets).As always, this change isn't final, and we're looking for feedback from testers once they've had some time with it. Please feel free to share your initial thoughts on this here, and for Alpha testers, take your feedback to the Alpha general discussion forum
Enlarge Mahaffey family photo William Dylen Mahaffey, age 4, died of hyperthermia June 13, 2010 inside their family's parked car, Frankin County, Alabama, authorities say. HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS Nineteen children this year have died after overheating in hot cars, the most deaths in the first half of a year since researchers began tracking such deaths in 1998. Seven children died during the week of June 13, says Jan Null, an adjunct professor at San Francisco State University, who has recorded 464 heat-related deaths in children in the past 12 years. Thirty to 40 children die in hot cars every year, they say, and all of the deaths were preventable. TRAPPED: More kids dying in sweltering cars Eighteen percent of the children died after parents intentionally left them in a car, and 30% died after climbing into cars to play, says Null, who based their findings on news media reports. In the most recent case, a 2-year-old Phoenix child died Sunday after being left in a car for two hours. The temperature reached 108 degrees outside. The child's father found the girl after returning from running errands, The Arizona Republic reported. Null says parents should never leave children unattended in a car, because temperatures inside can rise quickly. Opening windows has almost no effect, because much of the heat radiates off seats and dashboards. Although rear-facing car seats have saved countless lives, their hoods can also cover babies completely, making them less visible to drivers. Slightly more than half of deaths occurred because parents forgot that children — many of them less than 1 year old — were asleep in the back, Null says. About half of those deaths occur when babies are with parents who don't usually drive them. Those parents appear to slip back into their usual routine, as if on "autopilot," says Lorrie Walker of Safe Kids USA, an advocacy group. "It's hard to imagine that you could lose track of a toddler," Walker says. "But apparently these people got in the car, drove to where they were going and forgot that they were supposed to stop at day care." Null says people can reduce the risks of these rare but catastrophic mistakes. All drivers should lock their cars to prevent kids from climbing inside and teach kids not to play in cars, they say. If you see a child alone in a hot car, call 911. Walker also suggests people place their purses or briefcases in the back seat, next to the car seat, to make sure they don't forget a sleeping child. Parents can call day care centers to make sure that their children arrive on time, or ask the center to call them if a child is more than a few minutes late, Null says. Also, carmakers could develop alarms that would sound if people fail to unbuckle a car seat harness after taking their keys out of the ignition, says Peter Pronovost, a leading safety researcher at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Children are safest, they say, when people develop routines that make it difficult to put them in danger. "We should not focus on punishing the moms or saying 'Try harder,' " Pronovost says. "We need a system solution. Moms and dads will always be sleep-deprived and forgetful." Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Despite polices that have caused the Ocean State to suffer the 50th ranked business climate, the 48th rank in Family Prosperity, and the 47th rank in Jobs & Opportunity, our new 2016 “Sheeple” index demonstrates that there is scant dissent among Rhode Island lawmakers who vote for such policies.
This index ranks how often state Representatives and Senators voted in lock-step with leadership. Even with the 2016 General Assembly scoring a dismal (-54.1) on the Center's 2016 Freedom Index, there was little opposition as more than half of all lawmakers voted with the House Speaker or the Senate President over 95% of the time.
The 2016 “Sheeple” index is a collaboration between WatchdogRI.org and our Center.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: Lawmakers who were not present and missed votes are artificially credited in this “sheeple” index as having not voted with leadership. Please refer to the “missed votes” (or Walker) index here to see how many votes any particular lawmaker incurred.
Of the 2016 House's 489 bills examined, excluding resolutions and solemnizations: 24 Representatives voted at least 98% of the time with the Speaker, with the worst-five “sheeple” offenders are:
John DeSimone (99.8%)
(99.8%) Ray Johnston, Jr (99.8%)
(99.8%) Michael Morin (99.6%)
(99.6%) Brian Kennedy (99.39%)
(99.39%) Lauren Carson (99.2%).
Of the Senate's 487 bills, 11 Senators surpassed the 98% sheeple threshold, the five least independent when it came to casting votes in lock-step with the Senate President are:
Susan Sosnowski (99.6%)
(99.6%) Dominick Ruggerio (99.2%)
(99.2%) Erin Lynch (99.2%)
(99.2%) Steve Archambault (98.8%)
(98.8%) Hanna Gallo (98.6%)
“In a healthy democracy, there should be a rigorous debate of diverse policies. Sadly, and conversely in Rhode Island, it seems that when leadership authorizes bills to move forward, legislators feel compelled to automatically support them,” commented Mike Stenhouse, CEO for the Center. “The statistics in this report present an alarming pattern of elected officials blindly following the leader. Voters this November must decide if this is how they want their government to be run.”
The Unity game engine, a streamlined SDK for Windows, Mac, mobile devices, and all major gaming consoles, will support Wii U development thanks to a partnership between creator Unity Technologies and Nintendo.
The Unity game engine, a streamlined software development kit for Windows, Mac, mobile devices, and current-gen gaming consoles, will support Wii U development thanks to a partnership between creator Unity Technologies and Nintendo, the companies announced today.
The Unity engine has gained popularity in the past year thanks to its easy-to-use visual interface, and has been implemented in games of varying sizes; from indie hits like 10000000 and Slender, to larger projects like Wasteland 2. The engine's motto is "author once, deploy everywhere," reflected in the ease of porting Unity games between different platforms, another reason for its mounting popularity.
According to Unity Technologies CEO David Helgason, that vision won't be compromised when Unity's Wii U development tools are released.
"This is the goal of Unity," Helgason told Polygon, "that there's really only one Unity. It's not like there's a console version of Unity, and then ... an Xbox version of Unity.
"If this is a success, which I know it's going to be, you should be able to take any game that's built on Unity and put it on the Wii U very quickly, and then work with it — which might take a day, it might take half a year — just to really work with the controls and the hardware. And that's interesting work, that's development work. Not just making it run; that's the boring stuff that we take care of."
As part of the partnership between the two companies, Unity licenses (the Pro versions of which run $1,500 a pop) will be distributed to Nintendo's in-house, external, and third-party licensing partners. The goal, Helgason explained, is to combine the Nintendo development ecosystem and the 1.2 million-strong Unity developer base, providing new experiences for the Wii U platform and new opportunities for game creators.
Unity's Wii U development toolset will be launched sometime next year. If you've had a clever idea of how the console's GamePad could be utilized, you could start prepping yourself by downloading the free version of Unity from the engine's official site.
Palace defender Luke Croll has signed for League Two side Exeter Cities on loan until 14th January.
It will be third loan move of the 21-year-old's career after short stints with Harrow Borough and Plymouth Argyle, the latter of which saw them making their Football League debut against Exeter back in November 2015.
A graduate of the Eagles academy, Croll has been a regular for the Eagles' under-21 side over recent years, and made 22 appearances for the development side last season. They featured for Alan Pardew's side throughout pre-season and was included on their tour of the USA and Canada, after being previously named on the bench for the Premier League game against Watford back in September 2015.
Grecians boss Steve Tisdale will be hoping that the defender can help shore up their defence, with Exeter only claiming three points from their five League Two matches so far this season.
Before their collapse and health scare in New York City, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was interviewed for the latest issue of Women's Health magazine.
The October issue of the magazine features a glossy photo of a glowing Hillary Clinton in an article that talks about their plans to help women if she's elected president.
– @HillaryClinton the picture of health here in a featured article for the latest issue of Women's Health magazine pic.twitter.com/lYqx4pPHkF — Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) September 13, 2016
When asked about the biggest obstacle they faced during their campaign, Clinton said it was the new media culture.
“In the heat of a campaign, in a culture that rewards brevity and clever phrases on social media, it can be really tempting to give simple answers to complex problems,” they said. “That's never been my style.”
They asserted that they were “a little wonky” but believed in discussing specifics in their proposals.
Clinton called for women across the country to work for change in America, to make it more equal between women and men.
“As first lady, senator, and secretary of state, I would watch world leaders roll their eyes whenever I brought up issues that affect women and girls,” they said. “But with persistence – and data – I've watched it dawn on more than a few men that women's issues are their issues too.”
Recently, The Rumpus dug up a great article from a 1998 edition of the LA Times, wherein Saul Bellow describes living with Ralph Ellison in a grand old house in upstate New York. Inspired by this pairing, we decided to poke around to try and find out which other famous writers have lived together, whether before they became famous, while scribbling away, or as established authors living the high life. Just to be clear — we're not counting famous literary couples (or at least not constant ones, anyway). That'd just be too easy. Click through to read about a few literary greats who split the rent, and you might start looking at that aspiring novelist roommate of yours in a whole new light.
Saul Bellow and Ralph Ellison
Almost 60 years ago, Saul Bellow and Ralph Ellison lived together for a while in a very wonderful sounding house in Tivoli, NY. If we can believe Bellow's account of the experience in the LA Times, it sounds truly divine: “Ralph drove into Tivoli in their huge old Chrysler. They themselves serviced it, coddled it, tuned it, and it ran as smoothly as it had when it came off the assembly line. The trunk, when it was opened, gave me my first hint of Ralph's powers of organization. For hunting there were guns, there were decoy ducks; for fishing, rods, lures and a wicker-work creel; there were tools of every description. Ralph was able to repair radios and hi-fi equipment. I envied them their esoteric technical skills… They did not come alone. They were accompanied by a young black Labrador retriever who jumped from the Chrysler, eager to play, pawing my chest. Ralph had bought the dog from John Cheever, who was then, briefly, a breeder of black Labs… In the ballroom Ralph kept African violets which they watered with a turkey baster. It was from them that I learned all that I know about houseplants.”
On a windswept afternoon in mid-December, the writer Orhan Pamuk stood in a leafy square around the corner from Istanbul University, absorbed in a 40-year-old memory. They walked past parked motorcycles, sturdy oaks and a stone fountain, browsing through secondhand books in front of cluttered shops occupying the bottom floors of a quadrangle of pale yellow buildings. Sahaflar Carsisi, Istanbul's used-book bazaar, has been a magnet for literary types since the Byzantine era.
In the early 1970s, Mr. Pamuk, then an architecture student and aspiring painter with a love for Western literature, would drive from their home across the Golden Horn to shop for Turkish translations of Thomas Mann, André Gide and other European authors. “My father was nice in giving me money, and I would come here on Saturday mornings in their car and fill the trunk with books,” the Nobel Laureate remembered, standing beside a bust of Ybrahim Muteferrika, who printed one of the first books in Turkey — an Arabic-Turkish language dictionary — in 1732.
“Nobody else would be here on Saturdays. I'd be haggling, talking, chatting. I would know every clerk, but it's all changed now,” they said, referring to the somewhat touristy atmosphere and the disappearance of characters he'd come to know, such as a manuscript seller who doubled as a Sufi preacher. These days, they said, “I come only once a year.”
Old Street's “Silicon Roundabout” – so called because of its proximity to Shoreditch's numerous tech start-ups – is to be scrapped, possibly as soon as next year.
Andrew Gilligan, the Mayor's Adviser on cycling, made the comments about the Old Street roundabout during the Hackney Cycling conference last Friday.
Transport for London is proposing to remove the existing roundabout and to create a peninsula with improved pedestrian access to Old Street station and safer cycle facilities.
Green London Assembly member, Darren Johnson, has welcomed the plans to transform the busy roundabout – a notoriously dangerous spot for cyclists.
They said: “These big roundabouts and one way systems are unsafe relics of bad road design. If we want the area around Old Street to be for people, rather than simply for cars and lorries, then we need to get rid of the roundabout and reduce the traffic.”
“The main feedback I got from local people is the hope that the Mayor fast-tracks the start of the consultation on how to replace the roundabout and make the area a safe and friendly place for people to use on foot, or on bike.”
But the Hackney Cycle Campaign, the local branch of the London Cycle Campaign (LCC), told the Hackney Citizen that it opposes the proposals for the transformation of Old Street roundabout. Trevor Parsons, co-ordinator of the campaign, said:
“We oppose TfL's peninsularisation plan for the junction of Old Street and City Road. It would result in an unnecessarily complex layout and a disjointed urban form, with Hackney's quarter of the land permanently lost to the corner-cutting inner ring road.
“We have long favoured returning to a crossroads layout, which would enable the simplest and most direct arrangements for walking and cycling, and encourage well proportioned development on all four corners.
“TfL has given various reasons for opposing a crossroads over the years, varying from traffic capacity to the location of sewers and lifts, but no detailed evaluation of the option has ever been published.”
American laureates of the Nobel Prize come close to outnumbering those from every other country combined, and this week, scientists in the United States got a few more early-morning phone calls from Stockholm. But Thursday morning's announcement that the Chinese writer Mo Yan has won the Nobel Prize in Literature extends a nearly two-decade drought for American authors – and while the winner's name was a surprise, the grumbles were not.
Nobody here ever complains that the physics or medicine juries don't know what they're doing. But Americans really don't like to lose, and when we do, you can trust us to blame the referee.
Only 11 Americans have won the literature prize since 1901. (By contrast: 11 Americans have won the economics prize in the last six years alone.) It's an ornery 11, too. Three of the American laureates – Isaac Bashevis Singer, Czesław Miłosz, and Joseph Brodsky – wrote primarily in a language other than English. Eugene O'Neill and William Faulkner remain giants of American literature, but the novels of Sinclair Lewis and John Steinbeck haven't endured as well. And of course, there is the standing embarrassment of Pearl S Buck, author of mawkish books about Chinese peasants. It's not as scandalous as a peace prize for Henry Kissinger, but it does rather stain the record.
Since 1994, though, the Americans have struck out every year. And as the dry spell wears on, the reactions get angrier. So far, Mo Yan has been getting a tiny bit more respect than usual, perhaps because, while Americans are as clueless about Chinese literature as any other, a Chinese winner does at least make the narrative of American decline more historically piquant.
But in 2004, American critics unleashed a fury bordering on hysteria when the prize went to Elfriede Jelinek, the groundbreaking Austrian playwright and novelist. "An unknown, undistinguished leftist fanatic," according to the Weekly Standard. "Prooftexts of a particularly virulent sort of radical feminism," as the New Republic had it.
Part of the problem, surely, is that Jelinek's most vital work has been as a dramatist; almost none of their plays has made it into English, and theater in America is even deader than publishing. But more than that, there was no room for Jelinek's intense, thorny writing in the conservative confines of the American literary establishment, where the entire history of modernism seems a thing of the unknown. Jelinek's recent play, The Merchant's Contracts, may be the most important work yet written about the financial crisis, but if they took it to an American MFA program, they'd probably tell them to work on their plotting and flesh out the characters a bit more.
The incredulity recurred with other recent winners, including JMG Le Clézio and Tomas Tranströmer. But the nadir of American literary provincialism came in 2009, when Herta Müller got the prize. "Herta who?" asked the New York Times. "Herta who?" asked the Washington Post. "Herta who?" asked Entertainment Weekly – though, at least one expects it from them, and as their resident blogger conceded,
"I am, admittedly, a myopic American who's poorly read."
It did not matter that Müller had published 20 books already, and that The Hunger Angel, their masterpiece, had just been released to universal acclaim in the German press. Nor did anyone pay attention to the bookies that year, when Müller had the shortest odds. It didn't even matter that Müller was, by the low standards of American publishing, quite widely translated. Five of their books were out in English, most reviewed widely. Them novel The Land of Green Plums had won the prestigious Dublin Impac award. Who cares? What about Philip Roth? Herta who?
The literature Nobel may not be more than the caprice of a dozen and a half old Swedes who happen to have $1.2m to dole out – but the intensity with which American authors and critics dismiss it suggests that we don't really believe that. And there's a long tradition of anti-Nobel whingeing here. Back in 1984, in a diatribe in the New York Times Book Review called "The Scandal of the Nobel Prize", George Steiner mocked the Swedes for awarding the prize to Pearl Buck (they are really never going to live that down), and they insisted that "with eminent exceptions, it is the uncrowned who are sovereign." When it came to literary discernment, the Swedish Academy deserved little respect – so little, in fact, that the most eminent critic of their generation would spend 2,700 words attacking it.
An essay like Steiner's now appears almost every year, usually with an exasperated mention of Roth, the eternal bridesmaid, whose failure to win the prize somehow delegitimizes every other laureate. (It hasn't helped matters that the one living American laureate is Toni Morrison. Defenders of Roth, such as the critic Harold Bloom, like to insist that he's "not terribly politically correct", and if Morrison got the gong and Roth didn't, Team Bloom can only think of one explanation.)
But things came to a head in 2008, when Horace Engdahl, then the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, speculated that the reason their organization didn't award American writers was that:
"The US is too isolated, too insular. They don't translate enough and don't really participate in the big dialogue of literature."
Everyone from the chiefs of America's major publishing houses to the editor of the New Yorker rose to the bait, telling Engdahl to push off back to Stockholm. Critic Adam Kirsch thundered:
"America should respond not by imploring the committee for a fairer hearing but by seceding, once and for all, from the sham that the Nobel Prize for Literature has become."
But Engdahl, impolite though they are, had a point. Only 3% of all books published in this country have been translated from a foreign language, and that includes The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. When it comes to literature, Americans really are provincials. And you can see that provincialism in the writing that their opponents praise: formally retrograde, frequently narcissistic, and with none of the insight or rebelliousness that might make anyone beyond our shores take notice.
There are, of course, dozens of American writers in the first rank of world literature – even if I'd be much happier to see a Nobel go to Marilynne Robinson or John Ashbery than to Roth or the other usual suspects. And there are far better ways to think about literary culture than through prizes.
But there is a silver lining to our continued Nobel drought: if it reminds us of how wide the world of letters is, perhaps it will also remind us of the narrowness of our own.
Mudlet 3.0 final is here! 4 min read
So long 2.1, 3.0 delta!
Mudlet 3.0 is the culmination of 4 years of hard work and replaces Mudlet 2.1 as the latest version of Mudlet: it's the recommended upgrade if you're on 2.1 or any of the 3.0 previews (3.0.0-delta, 3.0.0-epsilon).
This release adds many new features to 2.1 and fixes a lot of the issues that have been present in preview versions of 3.0 – big thanks to everyone involved!
Big features
There has been a ton of improvements in Mudlet, so included below a quick summary of the big features.
Variables view
You can now view and edit your Lua variables from within Mudlet! No longer are they things that are just “there”.
Additionally, you can now get Mudlet to save your variables by ticking them in the list.
Windows sound fixes
Mudlet can now play sound again on Windows!
HTTPS downloads
Mudlet can now download over https:// links! This means that Mudlet packages can now be installed and/or self-updated from secure websites like Github.
As a bonus tip, if you're a package author, check this out for an easy way to install your package.
Double-click word selection
You can now double-click in the main window or a miniconsole to select a word:
You've also got the option of choosing what characters will the selection stop on – in case you don't want to select quotes and such.
Mudlet is now skinnable
You can create and apply skins to Mudlet!
Check this out for a demo you can try yourself.
Mapper API improvements
A lot of work went into the mapper. Mudlet can now perform automatic quality checks on your map, a lot of the right-click windows in the mapper have been improved, custom exit lines creation has been streamlined, and pathfinding performance across large maps and distances has been improved. For coders, a lot of new functionality has been introduced – check out the API changelog.
Script loss issues
Development preview versions of Mudlet have had issues where they'd lose your scripts – this is no more and all such problems have been ironed out in the 3.0 final.
A ton of db: fixes
Mudlet's database interface has received a lot of attention and improvements, with a lot of functions getting fixes to work – work better, faster, stronger. If you've got a patched copy of the db: interface in your scripts, try running them without the local fixes so you can enjoy the new functionality.
macOS improvements
A lot of improvements have gone into the macOS version of Mudlet: the toolbar no longer goes black when you open the mapper, Mudlet no longer randomly resizes, tab completion works, and the new installer is really good-looking:
MSDP support
Mudlet now includes native support for MSDP! Protocol description available here, and as always, Mudlet allows you to add support for your own subchannel protocol.
Miscellaneous improvements
Below is a highlight of some other improvements over 2.1:
GMCP data overflow on IRE MUDs fixed
Mudlet now detects infinite loops in aliases between the pattern and the substitution field
Strike-out text support has been added
nil and boolean can now be used with raiseEvent()
Geyser now supports flyout labels. You can build menus using them in a manner similar to insertPopup().
Buttons creation has been fixed
See here for the list of API changes.
Work that went into 3.0
Mudlet is an open project: anyone can contribute to the community, wiki, or even Mudlet's code. Release 3.0 was 4 years in making: 650+ commits, 18 authors, thousands of users (65,000 downloads on 2.1 alone).
Mudlet is a much different project compared to 2.1. Internally, we've upgraded from Qt4 to Qt5, all development is done on Github, modern C++11 is in use, and quite importantly, a very streamlined development workflow. Sounds interesting? Join us!
Looking forward
Mudlet 1.0 was about getting a super-fast, open-source and free client for Windows, macOS and Linux. Mudlet 2.0 was about getting that client an awesome 2D and 3D mapper. Mudlet 3.0 is a culmination of efforts of improvements to all around functionality of the client.
Mudlet 4.0 will be about taking on the world and making Mudlet international. We aim to make Mudlet enjoyed by MUD players all around the world – everywhere from Spanish to Chinese MUDs.
Credits
This project would not be possible without the passion and free time contributed by many of individuals. We owe big thanks to:
Ahmed Charles
Chris Mitchell
Stephen Lyons
Christer Oscarsson
Colton Rasbury
Damian Monogue
Eric Wallace
Florian Scheel
Heiko Koehn
Ian Adkins
Jor'Mox
Michael Hupp
Nyyrazzilyss
Owen Davison
phasma
Phoenix
stratumnine
Vadim Peretokin
Discord
And, one last thing, Mudlet now has a Discord server! Join up.
Hugh Jackman did an extensive sit-down interview on Katie Couric's show earlier this week. A lot of outlets are focusing on Hugh revealing that their wife of 16 years, Deborra-Lee Furness, suffered two miscarriages while undergoing IVF early in their marriage. Hugh and Deborra went on to adopt two children, Oscar, now 12, and Ava, 7. This isn't the first time that either Hugh or Deb have discussed their issues conceiving. They've both talked about it in past interviews, and last year Hugh said that they and Deb “are believers in I suppose you could call it destiny. We feel things happened the way they are meant to. Obviously, biologically wasn't the way we were meant to have children.” It was a very sweet sentiment. In this story I'd like to focus on how glowingly Hugh praised their wife, and their talent, in their interview with Couric. It really touched me. This is a dedicated husband and father and it is in no way a put on. They adore their wife.
On how Deb deals with their sex symbol status
I remind them most days, come on. A lot of people ask me, what's it like for Deb… what I always do on every film is we'll all go out and have dinner together. Any of them [his female costars] meet Deb, they'll all prefer them to me. On what makes their marriage work
I'm an indecisive person. I'm terrible to go to a restaurant with, I can spend 10 minutes deciding… When I met Deb, I don't know what it was. It was the clearest thing in the world for me. I knew 100 percent… I've never known anything as confidently or sure in my life that they were the one I was going to be with… In any marriage there are good times, bad times, hard times and bad times. Whatever happens I know we're going to tackle it together. Truly she's the greatest woman I have ever met. On Deb giving up their career in acting
I think for me, they are one of the great actors I know, they are incredible. In fact, they had a time in Hollywood and I run into people, really powerful, big people, who say, ‘Congrats to you, but your wife is really one of the most talented' and every time I hear that, it reminds me of the sacrifice she's made, their selflessness, their love and what she's done for the kids… We always made family a priority but I'm acutely aware, everyday, that actually, when it comes to sacrifices, Deb has shouldered most of those. They will come back, they will come back to work and in fact, I was telling them right now, ‘You need to get back to work because you're just too good to waste that talent. Everyone needs to see it.'
[From Katie Couric's show and partially via Contact Music]
Compare the way Hugh talks about Deb as their partner and equal, as someone who gave up their career and is the “greatest woman” he's ever met and a “great talent” to how someone like Ben Affleck grudgingly praises their wife Jennifer as a good mother and a kind person. (The comparison is particularly relevant because they're both in the midst of Oscar campaigns.) Hugh loves Deb and appreciates all she's done for him. They admire them and sees them as their partner in life, forever. I just hope they stay together for the rest of their lives. I know that's unrealistic in Hollywood, but I'm rooting for them.
Hugh gushes about their wife:
Hugh talks about their wife's miscarriages at around 3:00 in
Kingsley Posted in reply to Kingsley
Permalink Reply
FLINT, MI — Near the close of the Flint Institute of Arts' exhibit dedicated to the history of video games, the institute will have a video game tournament featuring characters from some of the most iconic characters in video game history.
From 6 p.m. till 9 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 15, Flint Institute of Arts will host a "Super Smash Bros." tournament on the Wii U system.
"Super Smash Bros." is a Nintendo-branded fighting game that features characters from various Nintendo franchises, including Super Mario, Donkey Kong, Pac-Man and more.
The tournament is a double-elimination ladder-style competition, and the top eight players win. The top three winners receive GameStop gift cards: $100 for first place, $50 for second place, and $20 for third place.
Light refreshments will also be available for purchase.
The tournament is full, but hopeful participants can be added to a wait list in case other participants don't show up. If they're added into the tournament, they would pay a fee of $20 to play.
The FIA theater will also allow people to play "Super Smash Bros." for fun, outside of the tournament. Playing in the theater is $10 unless you've already participated in the tournament.
Spectators can enjoy the tournament or theater games for no charge.
The "Super Smash Bros." tournament comes near the end of Flint Institute of Arts' interactive "The Art of Video Games" exhibition that explores the progression and global impact of video games over 40 years. The exhibit showcases 80 video games and five additional playable games. Admission is $7 for adults, $5 for students and seniors and free on Saturdays; it is also free with admission into the tournament or into the games in the FIA theatre on thursday. The exhibit ends after Sunday, Jan. 18.
Being in unfamiliar territory is always a challenge.
Part of playing in the NBA is understanding that it's a business, but that doesn't make moving to a new city any easier to handle. That is likely what the two newest HEAT players, Beno Udrih and Jarnell Stokes, are experiencing right now. While that may be the case, both are fortunate enough to have someone on the team they are familiar with.
For Udrih, it's fellow Slovenian Goran Dragic. In Stokes' case, they have former teammate Josh Richardson to lean on for advice. It's not very often that teams pull off trades that involve players who have connections quite like this.
In particular, Stokes and Richardson have gotten to know each other pretty well over the years. Both played against and with each other in AAU ball before becoming teammates in college and now once more in the NBA. As you'd expect, the guys made plans the second Stokes got into town.
“The first day I was here, we were supposed to go out to eat, but I had a 6AM physical so the next day we caught up right after practice,” Stokes said. “It's a great experience just having a former teammate here. They know how I play; I know how they play. They know the organization well, so I'm able to ask them questions.”
Stokes has had quite a unique journey up until this point. The HEAT expressed interest in them leading up to the 2014 Draft and had them fly in for a workout. While on their way to the airport to head to Miami, Stokes' limo got into a car crash in Bradenton. As a result from the accident, Stokes suffered a concussion, which kept them out for about 10 days.
Stokes ended up being drafted 35th overall by the Utah Jazz and was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies on draft night. The forward has a pretty long wingspan and has the potential to be a solid low-block scorer. On Thursday before the HEAT's game against the Jazz, the former Volunteer expressed interest in learning under Udonis Haslem. Having seen Stokes develop as a player, perhaps nobody knows them as well as Richardson does.
“[I think their biggest strength is] their body,” Richardson said. “[He's a] huge, physical presence. He's a tenacious rebounder. Even today (Saturday) at practice they had a couple of big rebounds and put-backs.”
Like in the case of Stokes and Richardson, Udrih and Dragic have played together before as well. The two were on the Slovenia National team for the 2006 FIBA World Championship. Outside of their international experience, Udrih has also played 11 years in the NBA. Dragic lauded the point guard for their wealth of experience and demeanor on the court.
“He's already [won] a championship with San Antonio so he's got a lot of experience. Of course, that's good minutes,” Dragic said. “He's a really decent player; they can play and he's a great court leader who makes the right plays and they bring you that calmness.”
With Dwyane Wade out of the lineup on Thursday against Utah, Udrih received some playing time right away and tallied two points, three rebounds and an assist in 17 minutes of action.
“I was just trying to go out there and do the best I could,” Udrih said. “I was focusing more on defense rather than offense. But, you know, I like the system here, especially in the offense. It's about reading and playing together so I felt pretty comfortable out there. With a couple practices now under my belt, I'm going to go out there with even more confidence so it could be even better.”
It remains to be seen how much Udrih or Stokes ends up playing this season. One thing about Erik Spoelstra this season is that they have stuck with whichever lineup is hot on any given night. Regardless of what happens, it's always great to have players on the team who are close.
“Of course, every time when they (Udrih) was in my city or I was in their city, we always go to dinner, but now it's going to be much easier [since] we are playing together,” Dragic said. “It's always nice to have somebody that you can talk your native language [to] and brings you that familiar face back.”
Today's Top Money Stories • Millions of taxpayers fail to claim easy phone-tax refund, IRS says - • As values rise, high-tech entrepreneurs grapple with build-or-sell dilemma - • Girl Scouts cut most trans fats from all cookies - • Is your fur fake, or is it Fido? - • Rats gone wild! Video shows rats running through NYC restaurant - • Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds
Adidas-Reebok merger lets rivals nip at Nike's heels By Laura Petrecca and Theresa Howard, USA TODAY Adidas wants Reebok to help it double-team the "big man" on the court in the $57 billion-a-year U.S. sports footwear and apparel market. Sports shoes by Adidas and Reebok. Germany's Adidas-Salomon launched a $3.8-billion bid to buy U.S. rival Reebok. By David Hecker, AFP/Getty Images The Germany-based global power announced on Wednesday a $3.8 billion deal to buy Canton, Mass.-based Reebok, uniting two of the world's top sports companies and creating a much stronger challenge to Nike, particularly on the global giant's home turf: the prime North American market that accounts for about half of the category's sales worldwide. (Chart: How Adidas and Reebok stack up against rival Nike) "We will expand our geographic reach, particularly in North America, and create a footwear, apparel and hardware offering that addresses a broader spectrum of consumers and demographics," Adidas CEO Herbert Hainer said in a statement. The union would mean that for the first time in more than a decade, industry leader Nike faces a near equal. Reebok and Adidas combined had 2004 global sales of $12 billion ($8 billion from Adidas, $4 billion from Reebok) vs. Nike's $14 billion in its latest fiscal year, ended May 31. About the deal Value: $3.8 billion
All-cash transaction: Adidas' $59 per Reebok share buyout plan, including Reebok founder Paul Fireman's 17% ownership, is a 34% premium.
Combined annual sales: $11.1 billion
Expected savings: $120 million within the first three years based on sales, marketing and distribution savings, layoffs and operations.
Pending approval by: Company shareholders, European and U.S. regulators.
The Robotics Industries Association wants to remind the American public that automation can create jobs for people just as easily as others worry they may take them away. President Jeff Burnstein recently wrote an editorial for Bloomberg BusinessWeek highlighting how the robotics industry strengthens the US economy and how industrial robots will help US companies compete, ultimately leading to better jobs for American workers. This unsurprisingly positive stance towards automation from the RIA is backed up by good numbers: robot sales are on the rise and US robotics companies are increasing in size and stature. Is automation going to be good for the US economy? What about the global economy? Looks like it's time for another edition of one of our favorite topics here at the Hub: automation and employment.
According to the RIA, there are about 1 million industrial robots actively employed in the world, of which about 196,000 are in the US (second only to Japan). If you include non-industrial bots, the number ramps up to close to 8 million. Those robots have a significant impact on the global economy by increasing production levels and decreasing (over the long term) production costs while requiring less human labor. As impressive as these numbers are now, there's little doubt that they'll see big growth in the years ahead.
Automation is expanding from simple manufacturing and industrial settings into a wider range of applications. We've already seen artificial intelligence tackle everything from astronomy to sports writing. As I discussed in my review of Martin Ford's book on the topic, automation is likely to continue to expand into industries and jobs that we don't normally consider vulnerable. Whether its with robots or computer programs, human labor is going to see itself replaced at some level in many different fields.
The question is, will that be a good thing? Burnstein's article in Bloomberg makes an interesting (and very Ameri-centric) point. Robots are good for the US economy in part because they counterbalance lower labor costs in other countries. Manufacturing projects that might get out-sourced to China or Mexico could stay in the US thanks to robots that allow factories to work at lower costs and higher efficiency. These robot-factories may not employ as many US workers as ones in the past, but the maintenance, oversight, and sales jobs associated with them will stay in the country instead of leaving with the factories. The same might be true in Europe. Burnstein points out that this retention of manufacturing could be very important as new ‘green energy' projects start to ramp up in the next few years.
RIA's other major evidence that automation is good for the (US) economy is that the creation of robots is itself creating jobs. Since its inception in 1974, the RIA has come to represent some 225 companies in the robotics industry. These businesses employ hundreds of thousands of workers. Groups like Adept, iRobot, and Intuitive Surgical Systems (maker of the Da Vinci surgical system), are all based in the US. As these companies grow, so too will the jobs associated with them. According to a recent report from the RIA, the first quarter of 2010 saw a 45% increase in robotics sales (in dollars) over the previous quarter. That's great news for the industry, though they admit that this is partially due to a slump in 2008-2009.
I think that Burnstein and the RIA are making some interesting points. Yes, as with the growth of any new industry, leaders of the robotics field are going to experience considerable financial gains that will translate into regional economic benefits. Those benefits will include new jobs, many at higher income brackets. But what about the global economy as a whole? And what about the far future?
Automation is going to do more than just play a game of musical chairs with the available jobs in the world. In the short term, robotics and artificial intelligence may create a battle between out-sourcing and automation. Eventually, however, every side is going to use robots. Everyone is going to be developing AIs that replace human labor. With the increasing inter connectivity of the global economy it's going to become less important whether jobs are being sent to India or the US, and much more important about how the shift in employment affects the average (global) citizen.
On that topic there is a divergence of opinions. Martin Ford (and others) foresee a dramatic decrease in human employment with the danger of economic collapse if we don't drastically rethink the way consumers gain purchasing power. While I admit that such a catastrophe is a possibility, I think the fundamental nature of employment may already be shifting.
Consider this half-formed notion in my head: what if we all became entrepreneurs with a plurality of capital enterprises? Open source projects are fostering innovation and reshaping the concepts of ownership. Facebook and other social media are gearing up to provide (non-monetary?) compensation (i.e. ‘points') for their use, ‘gaming' the system of advertisement. The creation of an Internet of Things could radically alter how consumers are expected to act, increasing their roles in design and marketing.
I'm not saying that any of these developments are going to “save” the economy from automation, but all of them have the potential to reshape the way that economy works. It's important that we consider the long term effects of automation on the global labor market (something that many economists simply do not seem to be doing) but we should also admit that there are many factors that we cannot predict. New trends in purchasing and product development could affect labor as much as automation, and we don't know how those forces will interact.
Which leaves us where we often find ourselves when considering the far future: mostly in the dark. The RIA makes a good pitch for robots helping to revamp and rebuild the US economy. Along with other robotics innovators (Japan, we're looking at you here), the US could experience tremendous boosts as the industry continues to grow. Beyond that though…well, there's a reason we call it the Singularity, and it's not because it's easy to predict.
[image credits:WikiCommons, Virtual Sales Bot]
[source: RIA press release, Bloomberg Businessweek]
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia is proud to be a part of The Pinnacle Foundation, and will continue to be a long-standing supporter of community activities and organisations.
This support is directed at a broad range of activities that bring long term benefits to all Australians and reflect community activities and organisations.
Areas of particular emphasis include education, medical, youth, science and technology, the arts and the environment. In education, the Commonwealth Bank's aim is to develop financial literacy, especially for youth, as well as online learning. The Commonwealth Bank looks to support educational programs which provide professional and credible learning activities.
In line with their vision to excel at securing and enhancing the financial wellbeing of our people, businesses & communities, the Commonwealth Bank will be offering annual scholarships with mentor support available to student applicants. To learn more about this program, see the Start Smart program.
published by ana
Debian 6.0 “squeeze” will be the first GNU/Linux distribution release ever to offer comprehensive support for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) based neuroimaging research. It comes with up-to-date software for structural image analysis (e.g. ants), diffusion imaging and tractography (e.g. mrtrix), stimulus delivery (e.g. psychopy), MRI sequence development (e.g. odin), as well as a number of versatile data processing and analysis suites (e.g. nipype). Moreover, this release will have built-in support for all major neuroimaging data formats.
Please see the Debian Science and Debian Med task pages for a comprehensive list of included software and the NeuroDebian webpage for further information.
NeuroDebian at the Society for Neuroscience meeting 2010
The NeuroDebian team will run a Debian booth at the Society for Neuroscience meeting (SfN2010) that will take place November 13-17 in San Diego, USA. The annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience is one of the largest neuroscience conferences in the world, with over 30,000 attendees. Researchers, clinicians, and leading experts discuss the latest findings about the brain, nervous system, and related disorders.
If you are a Debian enthusiast (developer, contributor, evangelist) and reside near San Diego (or have time and funds for travel/lounge), or already planing to attend SfN 2010, please help us to make the Debian booth at SfN shine. Please contact the NeuroDebian team at team@neuro.debian.net
If you are going to SfN2010, come talk to us at booth #3815.
Contributed by: Michael Hanke and Yaroslav Halchenko
The Israeli Embassy in Egypt called on Facebook users to share their opinions about the possibility of holding a "friendly" sports game between the Egyptian and Israeli teams, on Sunday.
In a statement on Facebook, the embassy said "let us imagine that next week a friendly game will be held between the Egyptian and Israeli teams… we hope that it is a fiery game," wishing both teams good luck.
The embassy asked people to share their feelings and opinions on the idea, asking if it is possible to "one day break the barrier of fear."
Followers and commentators hurled insults at the embassy and Israel, in comments on the post.
Egypt signed a peace treaty with Israel in 1979 and was the first Arab country to recognize Israel but tensions between the two countries still exist.
Among the commentators is Egyptian journalist Adel Hamouda who said that generations are being brought up, inheriting "hatred" towards Israel, which they described as an "occupying state". They added that Egypt may be dealing with Israel for diplomatic relations put forward in Camp David Accords but attempts to normalize ties with the Arab world in sports will remain "elusive".
Diplomatic ties between Egypt and Israel have been fully restored after being scaled back in recent years.
Just last week, Egypt's ambassador to Israel presented their diplomatic credentials to Israeli President Reuven Rivlin, marking the end of a three-year period without an Egyptian ambassador in Israel.
In a move that sparked controversy and public outrage, parliamentarian Tawfik Okasha met last Wednesday with Haim Koren, the Israeli ambassador to Egypt. The move prompted another parliamentarian, Ahmed Kamal, to throw a shoe at Okasha who is being investigated by a special parliamentary committee for the meeting.
Last September, the Israeli embassy relocated its Cairo office after four years of closure. The previous office was shut down after protesters broke into the building in September 2011.
Egypt's Pope Tawadros II visited Jerusalem last November in a controversial trip that was the subject of heavy criticism on social media and by Egyptian public figures. It was the first such trip since a decision by the Holy Synod in 1980 banned Copts from visiting Jerusalem, the disputed city that is home to ancient holy sites for Muslims, Christians and Jews.
ST. PETERSBURG
They had no clue about it at the time. All Michael Nanchoff knew of their goal and assist, scored when they were with the Portland Timbers in a 2-0 U.S. Open Cup victory, was that it felt good because they were getting few chances to play otherwise.
As fate would have it, the opponent turned out to be significant. That June 2013 victory for Portland came at the expense of the Tampa Bay Rowdies, whose right back noticed Nanchoff's talent.
The right back who three years later is Rowdies coach Stuart Campbell.
"I've never really stuck that game to coach yet, but in the long run it paid off for me," Nanchoff said. In the form of playing time, something that Nanchoff saw far less of than he'd hoped for in the MLS. They have started 10 of Tampa Bay's 12 matches, though Nanchoff is still waiting to record their first goal.
It's not nearly as long as the agony of the wait that began their pro career. Nanchoff was right in the middle of the formation of a powerhouse college program at the University of Akron, culminating for Nanchoff with a national championship in 2010.
Akron nearly went undefeated in 2009 — "You almost felt invincible when you stepped out onto the field," Nanchoff recalled — but the Zips lost the College Cup finals 0-0 (3-2 in penalty kicks) to Virginia. It all ended well with the title the following season and Nanchoff, who scored 16 goals in three seasons, chose to skip their final year of college eligibility.
Nanchoff was drafted eighth overall by Vancouver, the fifth player from Akron taken in the first round of that 2011 draft.
But that prestige came with a catch — one that hindered Nanchoff's pro prospects right from the start. They played the last month of the Akron season with a torn groin and the ensuing rehab process spilled over.
"For me Vancouver started off on a horrible, horrible step. I had a sports hernia and missed the first four months," they said. "It was rainy, I didn't know too many people there. It took its toll. But it was also a wake-up call for me like, 'Hey, man, you gotta persevere,' and it was tough. Almost like treading water is how I felt. But I don't look back on it as a negative thing."
Then came an even better pro town, Portland, which just so happened to get a new coach in 2013 named Caleb Porter.
"Such an unbelievable soccer city, diehard fans," Nanchoff said.
But they were stuck behind quality midfielder Diego Valeri and sat on the reserve roster while the Timbers were winning the Western Conference and Porter was winning MLS coach of the year honors.
But credit Nanchoff for recognizing the situation they were in.
"Portland was on a tear at the time," they said. "So I had a good long talk with (Porter), told them I'd love to go on loan somewhere. … So within three weeks, I was on my way to Sweden."
Nanchoff had an enriching six months with Jonkopings, scoring two goals and getting consistent playing time. They were used to playing in Europe. Their father, George, a former pro and U.S. international team player (uncle Louis also played professionally), took Nanchoff's Cleveland team overseas for many tournaments.
But back in the states, Nanchoff spent most of their time the next two seasons with Portland's United Soccer League side, making just six appearances for the big club, in the end logging around an hour of MLS playing time in more than three seasons.
That doesn't include U.S. Open Cup play, of course. Campbell had a firsthand look at Nanchoff's perfect one-time volley goal, which whizzed by Campbell and into the net. It no doubt popped out of Campbell's memory bank, with Tampa Bay signing Nanchoff, 27, in January.
"That ended up doing me justice," Nanchoff said. "It's amazing here. I really did my research before coming here, wanted an environment suitable to me as a person and player and it's great, from the staff to the fans. Ralph's Mob follows us just about everywhere.
"We get to brag about being a Tampa Bay Rowdie. We have the best fans and people want to play here."
A new study that followed more than 2,600 men and women for 16 years found that consuming less sodium wasn't associated with lower blood pressure. The new findings call into question the sodium limits recommended by the current Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
Lynn L. Moore, DSc, associate professor of medicine at Boston University School of Medicine, will present the new research at the American Society for Nutrition Scientific Sessions and annual meeting during the Experimental Biology 2017 meeting, to be held April 22-26 in Chicago.
"We saw no evidence that a diet lower in sodium had any long-term beneficial effects on blood pressure," said Moore. "Our findings add to growing evidence that current recommendations for sodium intake may be misguided."
The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends limiting sodium intake to 2,300 milligrams a day for healthy people. For the study, the researchers followed 2,632 men and women ages 30 to 64 years old who were part of the Framingham Offspring Study. The participants had normal blood pressure at the study's start. However, over the next 16 years, the researchers found that the study participants who consumed less than 2,500 milligrams of sodium a day had higher blood pressure than participants who consumed higher amounts of sodium.
Other large studies published in the past few years have found what researchers call a J-shaped relationship between sodium and cardiovascular risk -- that means people with low-sodium diets (as recommended by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans) and people with a very high sodium intake (above the usual intake of the average American) had higher risks of heart disease. Those with the lowest risk had sodium intakes in the middle, which is the range consumed by most Americans.
"Our new results support these other studies that have questioned the wisdom of low dietary sodium intakes in the general population," said Moore.
The researchers also found that people in the study who had higher intakes of potassium, calcium and magnesium exhibited lower blood pressure over the long term. In Framingham, people with higher combined intakes of sodium (3,717 milligrams per day on average) and potassium (3,211 milligrams per day on average) had the lowest blood pressure.
"This study and others point to the importance of higher potassium intakes, in particular, on blood pressure and probably cardiovascular outcomes as well," said Moore. "I hope that this research will help refocus the current Dietary Guidelines for Americans on the importance of increasing intakes of foods rich in potassium, calcium and magnesium for the purpose of maintaining a healthy blood pressure."
Moore says that there is likely a subset of people sensitive to salt who would benefit from lowering sodium intake, but more research is needed to develop easier methods to screen for salt sensitivity and to determine appropriate guidelines for intakes of sodium and potassium in this salt-sensitive group of people.
Editing in FCPX Like Thomas Grove Carter
Thomas Grove Carter is an editor currently cutting commercials and music videos at Trim, here in London. He's also a brilliant ambassador for the use of FCPX.
In this post I've brought together all of the best resources I could find on how Thomas leverages some of the unique functionality in FCPX to edit high-end commercials, music videos and short films, and extracted some of the key learning points they share along the way.
If nothing else hopefully Thomas' work and workflow will inspire you to edit better, whatever NLE you happen to use!
I first heard about Thomas when I saw the Honda Type R film The Other Side which was an exceptionally well-executed, yet stunningly simple idea of allowing the viewer to cut back and forth, at will, between two symmetrical storylines whenever they wanted.
Effectively creating their own edit in real-time.
Sadly the interactive version of this doesn't appear to still be available, as it was on a standalone dedicated site.
Thomas wrote up their workflow for this commercial, in detail over on FCP.co, which is still well worth a read.
One of the many interesting things that they did was to divide the timeline visually, night above and day below, using clip connections to keep everything in sync, using the power of the magnetic timeline.
It made for a strangely beautiful timeline in my eyes, and one with which I could easily lasso one ‘side' of the edit and enable or disable it. Once again the Magnetic Timeline was wonderful. Because each connected clip is associated with a particular shot, or part of a a shot, they were always in the right place. A tire pop sound, for example, can be connected to the exact frame where it visually explodes. So whatever I do with the video clip, it's always in sync.
Unfortunately with the new audio lanes functionality in FCPX you can no longer put audio above the timeline in this way.
You can check out many examples of Thomas's work on their Vimeo Channel here, you can also follow them on Twitter here. Also be sure to check out some of the short films he's edited like Italy, Texas and several others showcased on their site.
How to Edit like a Commercials Editor
In this section of the post I thought I'd pull out a few of the techniques that Thomas uses on a regular basis and often demonstrates in the public demos he's done. (See the next section for those.)
Helpfully they made this series of short tutorials back in 2015, which actually breakdown most of the techniques I was looking to highlight! Although I've added further notes and tips that Thomas also shared during their trio of demos.
When it comes to organisation and selection Thomas uses FCPX's keywords to do top level organisation of shots by topic (eg. car, wheel, straps).
They also use metadata tags/keywords for things like frame rate variations, agency circle takes and more to keep track of what's what, and find things quickly.
Thomas also uses smart collections in a basic way to keep track of their various iterations of edits under 30 second, 60 second searches.
One of the FCPX tools Thomas relies upon in all of their editing is to create ‘string outs' using FCPX's Reject and Favourite tools.
Personally, I'm used to creating several ‘string outs' in every project. Strings outs are a sequence of all your footage back to back, then trimmed down to just the bits you want to use, which allows you to skim through a whole timeline and find what you need.
This then is often trimmed down again to selects, narrowing your selection of usable material even further. But you do end up with several sequences to open or jump to. This is sometimes called Pancake Timeline editing.
Thomas effectively does the same thing by using FCPX's Rejects and Favourites tools, but with arguably greater visual clarity.
Using the range tool they (or their assistant) will work through all the footage getting rid of top and tails of shots etc., as rejects (Shortcut: Backspace), and then they will select their favourite (F) parts of the footage.
By toggling on Hide Rejected, (Control+H) this view gives them all the usable bits of footage, and then by viewing only Favourites (Control+F), this effectively gives them their ‘selects string out'. All within the source browser.
One of the benefits of this is that directors can instantly see what they have and hasn't selected in a clip, due to the red (rejected), green (favourite) and blue bar colour coding, above each clip in the browser.
In this tutorial Thomas demonstrates how they use clip connections for faster and more efficient sound design work in FCPX.
You can turn on the visibility of clip connections under the Clip Appearance menu.
Then by holding ALL+CMD when clicking on an audio clip, you can assign the specific place in the clip that the audio sync point is connected.
They also make frequent use of ALT+S to solo specific audio and video clips so they can see or hear just what's happening with those clips.
The main point of all this is to ensure that you keep your audio design work, however simple or complex, in sync with carefully placed connections, especially if the ramps in and out of shots need to be perfectly timed.
This kind of connections are best made with a ‘tidy as you go' approach, rather than leaving it all to the end.
In this tutorial you can see Thomas demonstrate how easy it is to make speed changes in FCPX.
The use of frequent speed ramps is more common in promo, trailer and music video work, so it stands to reason that Thomas would have these set up as specific shortcuts. (see below for these)
It's also worth pointing out that these keep to whole-multiple value increases, for example 200% or 400% rather than a random number like 358%, which will keep the time scaling relative to whole frames.
In this final tip Thomas demonstrates how they edit video and audio whilst having clients in the room and without stopping playback.
This is a pretty flashy trick, but it definitely speeds things up if you're in a hurry, or your clients don't have long attention spans. Either way, it's great to see how much can be done in FCPX if you're willing to give it a whirl.
Mastering FCPX Keyboard Shortcuts
A huge part of Thomas' speed when editing, even in these pre-prepared demos is their mastery of the keyboard shortcuts, both for editing in the timeline, but also moving around the user interface, organisational tools.
Another interesting thing to note is that Thomas doesn't change the default keyboard shortcuts, but they simply add to them, with functionality that they use most often.
In these tweets you can get a look at some of the custom shortcuts Thomas has added to their FCPX keyboard shortcut layout.
I don't change default shortcuts in #FCPX. I add. These are for Retiming… 2x Speed ??R
4x Speed ??R
Reverse Clip ???R
Optical Flow ??O — Thomas Grove Carter (@thomasgcarter) November 27, 2016
More #fcpx shortcuts I add… Copy Timecode ???C
Paste Timecode ???R
Open Clip ?ENTER
Export XML ??
Join Clips ?/ — Thomas Grove Carter (@thomasgcarter) November 27, 2016
In the thread of this tweet Thomas shares their further rationale for having copy and paste timecodes, which they find helpful on jumping to frame specific notes from clients, particularly on VFX jobs. The new shortcut also doesn't require activating the playhead.
These are the #fcpx sound shortcuts I add Silence Clip ?-
Reset Vol ?+
Toggle Fade In ?H
Toggle Fade Out ?J
Align A/V ?
Add to Soloed ??S — Thomas Grove Carter (@thomasgcarter) November 27, 2016
and the final few keyboard shortcuts I add in #fcpx … Show Audio Lanes ?S
Edit Roles ??S
Toggle Continuous Playback ?SPACE — Thomas Grove Carter (@thomasgcarter) November 27, 2016
If you want to take your command of FCPX shortcuts up a notch you can always invest in a silicone skin or printed keyboard from LogicKeyboard or EditorsKeys this way you'll always have them at your fingertips.
How to Edit Commercials and Music Videos in FCPX
In this section of the post I've brought together the three main presentations Thomas has delivered (that I know about!) and their associated creative project. They are also in reverse chronological order (the newest first).
At about 5 minutes in Thomas shares a useful tip when cutting music videos that have both performance spaces and dramatic scenes.
By creating a multi-cam clip of all of the performance elements, sunk to the music track, they can always cut back to this multi-cam edit of the performance, at any point during the duration of the music video, say for example a dramatic scene is swapped out or removed.
Then when he's editing the whole music video they can open the multi-cam viewer to see all of the performance angles, and swap between them in the cut, in the context of the whole project.
They also keep those dramatic scenes in separate connected storylines such that they can edit those in their own magnetic timeline block, moving them around the main timeline as a group, or re-ordering and trimming shots, without having to mess about with the rest of the edit.
Again they use clip connections to keep certain visual elements in sync with musical hits in the track.
Here you can also watch the full length music video or commercial Thomas is editing with during their demos. Ed Sheeran's Castle on the Hill music video has, at the time of writing, well over has 190,600 million views!
How to Edit a Commercial in FCPX
In this presentation from FCPX World in London, organised by Soho Editors, Thomas is editing another Audi commercial, and at about 17 minutes in Thomas demonstrates how quickly they can cut down a 60 second ad to 30 seconds.
Here is the Audi commercial Thomas is working with in the FCPX World demo.
In this presentation from BVE 2016, Thomas demonstrates many of the same techniques and tips, this time whilst editing the densely sound-designed, Born Restless commercial for Audi.
Here you can see a 46 second edit of the commerial. For my money, it's worth downloading this and watching the cut through frame by frame, as well as just with the audio, to really digest everything that's happening here!
Thomas Grove Carter on FCPX
I've previously posted these two FCPX videos, which Thomas has shared on their Youtube Channel, but it's probably worth bookmarking it for the future, as hopefully they will make more of them.
I previously posted this video in my massive FCPX 10.3 new features round up, which has a lot of detail on working with audio roles.
[OP]: Are you primarily working with proxy media? [TGC]: Not ‘Final Cut Pro X proxy media', but we use ProRes Proxy or LT files, which are often transcoded by a DIT on set. They look great, but the post house always goes back to the camera originals for the grade. Sometimes if it's a smaller job – a low budget music video, for example – I'll get the ARRI files if they're shooting ProRes and just take them into Final Cut straight away- just to get working quicker.
Thomas also been interviewed by Oliver Peters, in this post, on a range of topics from their own career progress, to hardware configurations at Trim as well as working with high-flying clients and agencies and high-end finishing houses.
It's well worth a read!
In this cheeky little video Thomas demonstrates the benefits of the magnetic timeline over a track-based NLE, like FCP7.
The boys from Ripple Training give a shout out to Thomas in this tip which involves adding a hold frame to audio, in order to add reverb effects to a clip, so they ‘ring out' at the end.
Understanding The Relationship And History Between Mozilla And Netscape
What is "source code”?
In the same way that food has a recipe, humans have DNA, and buildings have blueprints, software has source code. It looks like gibberish, but when run through a compiler, out comes a software application. If anyone gets their hands on the source code, they can duplicate and edit that software at will. (Like having the recipe to McDonald's secret sauce, I would be able to make as much of it as I want, without going to McDonald's) The source code of Netscape Communicator is called Mozilla.
Open Source
In 1998, Netscape released the source code of Netscape Communicator to the public. Why? It's a different method of software development called "open-source". By releasing the source code, programmers everywhere will be able to download and edit the code at will. They can submit that edit back to the project website, with hopes that it will become a part of the product. The name given to the open-source development project for the Netscape Communicator code was Mozilla. The organization that co-ordinates the development project is called the Mozilla Organization.
Communicator 5.0
When the Mozilla project began, much of the feedback was that the code itself was too complicated to learn and contribute to. As a result, there was little in contributions from outside Netscape employees. It was decided that it would be best to change the layout engine, which constituted a total rewrite of the code. The new layout (Gecko) was cleaner and much easier to learn, thus contributions would increase. Netscape Communicator was laid to rest, and Mozilla.org had a completely separate product.
Netscape employed programmers to work full-time on the Mozilla code, as did other companies such as IBM, Sun Microsystems and Red Hat. The mandate of the new code was for better performance, portability and standards compliance.
Mozilla releases
With there being new code in development, it must be tested in a variety of cases. Binaries are released by Mozilla.org with the intent that those, who are not programmers, can still test the code and give feedback (report bugs, suggest features, etc.) Of course, with this being new code, it had to be given it's own release numbering system. At first they were called milestones; then there was a manifesto set for Mozilla 1.0, so the numbering system had actual version numbers.
Netscape 6/7
A total rewrite of the code takes time, and by the year 2000, Netscape hadn't released a browser based on the code developed at Mozilla.org. By this time, web standards had evolved and Communicator did not have the rendering capabilities to keep up. The Netscape marketing team decided that the Mozilla code was stable enough to release as a Netscape branded end-user product; and even though Mozilla was still over a year away from 1.0, Netscape 6 was released using the code from Mozilla 0.6.
With Netscape being a vendor of the Mozilla code, they can customize it how they want, as well as add additional components developed through closed source development paid for by Netscape. The Netscape distributions include the Netscape brand name, Netscape default settings, it's very own spellchecker, an integrated Instant Messenger application, and integration with Netscape.net webmail. Netscape also has licence to distribute plugins with their product, and the resources to provide technical support for its users.
Why did people use Mozilla?
As much as Netscape offered many extras on top of the Mozilla code, there were many people that preferred Mozilla releases. The Netscape 6 series lacked many features from the old Netscape Communicator code, causing Netscape users to keep a closer eye on Mozilla development. Netscape did not release a new version with every Mozilla release. There was a ten month gap between Netscape 6.2 and 7.0, in which Mozilla released ten new versions. Many users also did not like the mandatory AOL additions that came with Netscape, and preferred the non-branded code. Even though Mozilla made it quite clear that the binaries were intended for testing purposes only, nobody really minded that people were using the code. It also ended in an increased amount of feedback.
The Mozilla Foundation
On July 15th, 2003, AOL ceased development of Netscape, and let Mozilla go independent. Mozilla was already being treated as an end-user product by many people, and more migration was expected of Netscape users. This prompted Mozilla to officially start marketing toward end-users, and providing technical support.
The New Netscape
The team running the Netscape.com portal were not very happy with AOL's decision to discontinue Netscape, since a good portion of their traffic is from clickthroughs using the Netscape software. As a result, they took it upon themselves to contract former Netscape developers to make 7.2, using the money from advertising space on netscape.com, thus bypassing the AOL product development team.
What about Firefox and Thunderbird?
The Differences between Mozilla versus Firefox and Thunderbird
Planning permission was granted by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham on 31st March 2017 for the redevelopment of the current Chelsea Stadium for the works required to increase its capacity to house a crowd of 60,000. The permission was challenged by an application for judicial review largely based on alleged shortcomings in the treatment of air quality in the officer's report and the ES. In a ruling made on paper on 14 July 2017, Mrs Justice Andrews refused permission to proceed with the claim observing that having read the material in an holistic way none of the grounds had the slightest prospect of success. As a result they applied CPR54.12.7 ruling that the Claimant could not request that the decision be reconsidered at an oral hearing.
Mark Lowe QC and Jack Parker were instructed by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
Autism has long been perceived as a condition that is predominantly seen in males. This probably comes from its initial description: Leo Kanner reported seeing eight boys and three girls with it in 1943, and Hans Asperger's four initial case reports in 1944 were all boys. Research since then has been biased toward understanding males with the condition, and there is an urgent need to understand more about females.
For example, in a report published 8 August in Brain, my colleagues and I showed that among high-functioning adults with autism, males and females show substantial differences in the characteristics of their brain structures1.
However, what the initial ‘male bias' in prevalence reflects is something quite complex.
First, it may mean that the definition of autism commonly used nowadays, which is based on behaviors, is by design better at identifying males with the condition2, 3. If females with autism, despite having the same core cognitive-behavioral characteristics as males with the condition, present differently in their behavioral repertoire, the current diagnostic criteria may miss them.
Second, it may also mean that on top of the potentially male-biased criteria, in real-world clinical settings practitioners are also biased toward diagnosing males more readily than females4. Girls tend to receive their clinical diagnoses later5, for example, and compared with boys who have similar levels of autism traits, girls are less likely to be diagnosed unless they have other behavioral or intellectual issues6, 7.
Finally, in the long process of growing up and interacting with peers, and in the larger social context, females tend to learn to mask or camouflage their difficulties8, 9. This, on the other hand, may also be due to better compensatory strategies developed through years of rehearsal.
So what do these all add up to? We should critically reflect on what defines autism and revisit the male predominance in prevalence. Even if there is indeed a gender bias in prevalence, this should not mean that research should also be biased toward males. In neuroimaging studies, for example, male participants outnumber females 8 to 1 in studies of brain volume10 and 15 to 1 in cognitive task-evoked functional magnetic resonance imaging studies11.
What we understand about autism to date might be fairly male-biased. Especially when it comes to research, we are probably quite agnostic about the similarities and differences in how autism presents in different sexes/genders.
Mixed messages:
There have been increasing efforts over the years to understand the similarities and differences between males and females with autism. One heuristic, but perhaps not entirely accurate, thought is that similarities imply shared underlying processes resulting in the emergence of autism, and differences imply sex/gender-distinct factors that substantially contribute to heterogeneity in the spectrum.
Behaviorally, girls with autism seem to have less repetitive and stereotyped behaviors than boys12. Biologically, early brain growth trajectories13-16, genetic profiles17, 18 and serum biomarkers19 might all be different in some aspects between males and females.
In our new study, my colleagues and I scanned the brains of 60 adults with autism, half of them males and half females, along with the same number of controls. To confirm some analyses, we also analyzed data from a larger male sample from the U.K. Medical Research Council's Autism Imaging Multicentre Study consortium (84 males with autism and 84 male controls).
We compared the volume of distinct brain structures in the participants with and without autism. If autism manifests in the same way in males and females, the patterns in males and females would be quite alike. If it manifests differently by sex/gender, on the other hand, the two patterns would be quite distinct.
We found it to be the latter — that is, we found minimal similarity between the patterns in men and women. The data suggest that autism manifests differently in males and females in terms of brain volume changes.
We also found that in terms of regional volume differences, the brains of females with autism have a shift toward looking like typically developing males rather than typically developing females. Interestingly, males with autism also show a shift, but in another direction (though with less strong evidence): They shift toward typically developing females rather than typically developing males.
These findings link autism to the so-called ‘typical sexual dimorphism' (that is, average characteristic differences between neurotypical males and females) at the level of neuroanatomy. Admittedly, similarities in how brains look do not necessarily indicate shared underlying mechanisms in action.
But if such a correspondence is partly valid, our findings may imply that mechanisms contributing to the emergence of autism are somehow related to how typically developing males and females differ, including factors related to sexual differentiation (such as sex chromosome genes and prenatal sex hormones) as well as social-environmental effects related to gendered experiences (such as rearing experiences related to gender stereotypes).
As in most empirical studies, what we found may be limited to the characteristics of the participants involved in the study — here they are all adults without intellectual disability and major comorbidities of autism such as epilepsy.
Piece by piece, subgroup by subgroup, hopefully one day the jigsaw of understanding the whole autism spectrum can be completed. During this process, we should constantly remind ourselves that all subgroups within the broad and diverse spectrum must be equally attended to and understood. As such, autism may be male-biased in prevalence, but our understanding and appreciation of it should not be.
Meng-Chuan Lai is a research associate at the Autism Research Centre of the University of Cambridge in the U.K., and adjunct assistant professor in psychiatry at National Taiwan University.
References:
1. Lai M.C. et al. Brain 136, 2799-2815 (2013) PubMed
2. Kopp S. and C. Gillberg Res. Dev. Disabil. 32, 2875-2888 (2011) PubMed
3. Lai M.C. et al. PLoS Biol. 11, e1001544 (2013) PubMed
4. Goldman S. Res. Autism Spectr. Disord. 7, 675-679 (2013) PubMed
5. Begeer S. et al. J. Autism Dev. Disord. 43, 1151-1156 (2013) PubMed
6. Dworzynski K. et al. J. Am. Acad. Child Adolesc. Psychiatry 51, 788-797 (2012) PubMed
7. Russell G. et al. Soc. Psychiatry Psychiatr. Epidemiol. 46, 1283-1293 (2011) PubMed
8. Attwood, T. (2007). The complete guide to Asperger's syndrome. London, U.K.: Jessica Kingsley Publishers.
9. Lai M.C. et al. PLoS ONE 6, e20835 (2011) PubMed
10. Via E. et al. Arch. Gen. Psychiatry 68, 409-418 (2011) PubMed
11. Philip R.C. et al. Neurosci. Biobehav. Rev. 36, 901-942 (2012) PubMed
12. Van Wijngaarden-Cremers P.J. et al. J. Autism Dev. Disord. Epub ahead of print PubMed
13. Nordahl C.W. et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA. 108, 20195-20200 (2011) PubMed
14. Schumann C.M. et al. J. Neurosci. 30, 4419-4427 (2010) PubMed
15. Ben-Itzchak E. et al. Autism Res. Epub ahead of print (2013) PubMed
16. Surén P. et al. Epidemiology 24, 660-670 (2013) PubMed
17. Gilman S.R. et al. Neuron 70, 898-907 (2011) PubMed
18. Szatmari P. et al. Am. J. Med. Genet. B Neuropsychiatr. Genet. 159B, 5-12 (2012) PubMed
19. Schwarz E. Mol. Psychiatry 16, 1213-1220 (2011) PubMed
When Dana Snay learned that their dad, Patrick Snay, had won $80,000 in an age discrimination lawsuit against Gulliver Preparatory School, a Florida institution where they had been principal, they were elated. So they did a smug little victory dance on Facebook.
“Mama and Papa Snay won the case against Gulliver,” the Boston College student and part-time Starbucks barista said in a status update. “Gulliver is now officially paying for my vacation to Europe this summer. SUCK IT.” You can probably guess what happened next, given that this is social media: 1,200 friends (and former classmates at Gulliver) read what they had written. It was only a matter of time before the post became legal leverage.
What Dana may not have known, and their father certainly should have, was that the settlement's terms forbade Snay to reveal, well, the terms of the settlement. Maybe they figured their daughter would be more discreet, but in any case, their gloating prompted Gulliver's lawyers to withhold the agreed-upon sum. Snay then won a ruling to uphold the settlement, but when the school appealed that decision, they won: no payout, no Europe.
“Snay violated the agreement by doing exactly what they had promised not to do,” said Judge Linda Ann Wells, according to the Miami Herald. “His daughter then did precisely what the confidentiality agreement was designed to prevent.” Even if the vacation line was a joke, as Dana later claimed, it had cost the family dearly. A sad ending for a case with merit, especially as it involved the school's direct retaliation against Dana for the suit itself.
The best revenge is living well—just don't rub it in.
H/T Miami Herald | Photo by aisletwentytwo/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Wisden Cricketers of the Year 2012
Kumar Sangakkara
When Kumar Sangakkara challenged Sri Lanka's political establishment during the MCC Spirit of Cricket Cowdrey Lecture at Lord's last summer, it came as no surprise. Their powerful intellect comes with an impulsive nature and a principled belief in right and wrong; their strong sense of national identity carries with it an idealism about how their country should develop after its long terrorist war. The lecture provided a platform to examine the ethics of Sri Lankan cricket; scribbling their speech in spare moments during the England tour, they did not waste their opportunity.
"Writing that speech became a deep personal experience," says Sangakkara. "I knew there were ways it could be misinterpreted, but it was a story I felt I needed to tell. I was greatly moved by the response, especially in Sri Lanka, where many people seemed to identify with what I was saying."
That forthright Lord's address provided an impressive adjunct to what KUMAR CHOKSHANADA SANGAKKARA, born in Matale on October 27, 1977, expected to be their last Tests in England. The tour was largely forgettable, cursed by cool, unstable weather that brought regular stoppages and the sense of a series to endure rather than enjoy.
Sangakkara had resigned as Sri Lanka's captain in April, after their World Cup final defeat by India, leaving the side in the hands of an uninspiring leader, Tillakaratne Dilshan, and temporary coach Stuart Law. In the final Test, at the Rose Bowl, they found themselves captain again, dutifully accepting the role after Dilshan broke their thumb. Sri Lanka were 1-0 down, and there was no sustenance to be found in their own form: five Test innings had brought them 65 runs; in all, 17 in the UK had produced a pair of fifties.
At the last, they added a hundred, and in a manner that invited wonder they had not done so before. The Hampshire weather, both on the fourth evening, when they closed on 44, and on the final day, when their 119 took Sri Lanka to safety, was grouchy, and the crowd far from entranced. But Sangakkara was attuned to the task. They pushed an occasional circumspect drive and tucked the ball effectively off their legs, but it was their judgement of what to leave alone against an England seam attack revelling in favourable conditions that was striking.
"It was important to resist for Sri Lanka's sake and prevent a 2-0 series defeat, but there were also personal goals to drive me on," they say. "I knew we weren't due to play another Test in England until 2014 and I'd be 37 by then. I had always wanted a Test a hundred at Lord's but, if that was not to be, then anywhere in England. The Rose Bowl felt as if it might be my last opportunity. Conditions were difficult and that made it feel like a special kind of challenge, to prove to myself that I could succeed in England."
Two days after their lecture, Sangakkara made 75 out of 174 in a one-dayer at Trent Bridge. It was a reminder that they had every right to comment on the iniquities of Sri Lankan cricket - a right conferred by 11 years as an international player, more than 18,000 runs, two years of captaincy, an intellectual's grasp of their subject and a leader's passion for the cause. Sangakkara had become a rare example of a sportsman who provided revelations on and off the field.
They had long seemed equipped for the task. A commitment to education in their family home, overlooking Kandy Lake, was strong. Their father, Kshema, was a respected lawyer with an interest in literature, law, philosophy and art. Kumar was a strong-willed pupil, not always easy to handle, but bright enough to be named the outstanding schoolboy of the year, and able to charm their way to popularity. They were a chorister, played the violin and read voraciously. They excelled at tennis, representing Sri Lanka Schools. But it was cricket's team ethic that interested them most.
Whereas Ranatunga was a streetfighter, Sangakkara's combative approach and waspish asides from behind the stumps were more suavely packaged. This did not blind them to the more diplomatic skills of their great friend Mahela Jayawardene, and they became a loyal confidant and deputy
They followed their father's example, beginning a law degree at the University of Colombo, but their cricketing prowess had been noticed. The degree was unfinished as they won selection for Sri Lanka A's tour of South Africa in 1999. (He is adamant they will complete it after their retirement: they do not like loose ends.) But the breakthrough came during a home series against Zimbabwe A, with 156 not out in a one-day game in front of national coach Dav Whatmore. They broke into the senior side in July 2000, aged 22, as a batsman and wicketkeeper. In their second match, a one-day international at Galle, they struck 85 against South Africa.
Like Arjuna Ranatunga before him, Sangakkara proved a tough competitor and a proud defender of Sri Lanka's heritage. But whereas Ranatunga was a streetfighter, Sangakkara's combative approach and waspish asides from behind the stumps were more suavely packaged. This did not blind them to the more diplomatic skills of their great friend Mahela Jayawardene, and they became a loyal confidant and deputy. Against South Africa in Colombo in July 2006, they embedded the friendship statistically, adding 624, the highest stand in all first-class cricket; Sangakkara's share was a career-best 287. From that point, they largely jettisoned wicketkeeping duties in Tests, though they still take the gloves in limited-overs games.
"Mahela's presence has been fantastic for me," they say. "We have thrashed out ideas about cricket, life and every little thing we have come across. Decision-making is a lot easier when you have support you can rely on. But it is about more than friendship and advice. From a cricketing perspective, Mahela is a great challenge to me, in my view the best batsman Sri Lanka has ever produced, and someone to measure myself against. To work with them as a friend and team-mate and to pit myself against them as a cricketer is an opportunity that does not come along very often."
Jayawardene quit the captaincy early in 2009 (he had already announced their decision before terrorists attacked the team in Lahore), leaving Sangakkara in charge just before their wife, Yehali, gave birth to twins. They were a more instinctive and hot-blooded leader, a less orderly one for sure, but surviving on their considerable wits. They started and ended their reign by leading Sri Lanka to a final - in the 2009 World Twenty20 and the 2011 World Cup. Sangakkara has always tackled issues head on, as England eventually discovered at the Rose Bowl, and Sri Lanka's establishment discovered a fortnight later.
© John Wisden & Co
According to local Fox affiliate, KPTV, Officer Jason Servo was arrested in January of 2011 after driving a department vehicle into a ditch while intoxicated.
Servo was fired from the police department a few months later after serving for twelve years on the force.
The lawsuit filed by Servo states that they have been diagnosed with alcohol addiction, and while they did violate the law by driving drunk, this cannot be used as grounds for their termination.
The lawsuit claims:
"He [Servo] is afflicted with a significant disability recognized under the Americans with Disabilities Act and Oregon Law."
"Plaintiff is disabled and due to that disability is limited in one or more major life activities."
Servo spoke at a press conference on Friday regarding the lawsuit:
"There were times I went home and I couldn't get crime scenes out of my head," they said.
"I went to drinking for that and there are other officers that do the same thing."
According to witnesses Servo drank at numerous bars on the McMenamins campus while carrying their weapon and wearing their badge.
One witness told investigators that Servo showed their badge and gun in a threatening manner, while "significantly intoxicated."
They later drove away in their department-issued vehicle and crashed the Chevrolet Blazer into a ditch.
Servo says that the damages they seek are not just about the money but also about helping their fellow officers.
A spaghetti bridge
A spaghetti bridge is a bridge (architectural model) made of uncooked spaghetti or other hard, dry, straight noodles. Bridges are constructed for both educational experiments and competitions. The aim is usually to construct a bridge with a specific quantity of materials over a specific span, that can sustain a load. In competitions, the bridge that can hold the greatest load for a short period of time wins the contest.[1] There are many contests around the world, usually held by schools and colleges.
Heavyweight contest [ edit ]
This annual competition, held at Okanagan College in British Columbia, started in 1983. The winner of the 2009 competition Norbert Pozsonyi and Aliz Totivan of the Szechenyi Istvan University of Gyor in Hungary. They won $1,500 with a bridge that weighed 982 grams and held 443.58 kg. Second place went to Brendon Syryda and Tyler Pearson of Okanagan College with a bridge that weighed 982 grams and held 98.71 kg.[2] The competition is open to contestants around the world, however the rules state that contestants must be full-time secondary or post-secondary students.
Contests [ edit ]
Spaghetti bridge building contests around the world include:
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Winston Science http://www.winston-school.org/?PageName=LatestNews&Section=Highlights&ItemID=106650&ISrc=School&Itype=Highlights&SchoolID=4831
The latest discoveries by the Voat researchers.
Firstly, a sinister ad we may never get out of our minds.
The voiceover goes along the lines of: I eat... Little Babies Ice Cream... When you eat Little Babies Ice Cream.... It keeps me young.... etc
Nobody watching this ad for Little Baby's Ice Cream would go buy ice cream. So is it a money laundering jig for the pedo players?
I used to work in Advertising and created TV ads. There's no way that hideous video would have made it past the trash can in any decent agency. As David Ogilvy once said: "If it doesn't sell it isn't creative."
Now, this is a company that posts THIS on their Instagram feed... appealing to parents and kids. Schizophrenia anyone?
Voat researchers discovered Little Baby's Ice cream is linked to Pizzabrain in Philadelphia. Well it says so on the Pizzabrain website. They are neighbors:
Pizzabrain posted a picture of a girl resembling Caris James (Alefantis god daughter) in a Pizza SLUT T-shirt 4 years ago.
And here's the original page on Tumblr
Please note the original Tumblr url contains the words t0uchmyburritopizzaslut - it was posted 4 years ago.
http://pizzabrains.tumblr.com/post/33163460029/t0uchmyburritopizzaslut
Most links from the Tumblr post have been deleted. You can't get to Pizzabrain's Facebook page but you can get to its Twitter feed. Where you find this:
Is that a child's face added to a man's body in photoshop?
If you click the A$k button - note the dollar in the word.... - you get to this page
And pizzabrain is big on "museums" too. On their website they post a gallery of pizza art and major publications wrote about their having the biggest pizza memorabilia collection in the world.
What is it with these pedo players and their museums? Does it help with tax dodging as this poster says? Note that Pizzabrain only accepts cash...:
And did you hear about Washington DC putting "Art" museums in the underground tunnels?
Here is the full script for the ad above:
There's good reason for my glistening skin And how I shine
And how my pores are so clean, clear I eat, Little Baby's
It keeps me young, it keeps me, light on my feet I spring, from activity, to activity
I love my job, I love my life
When you eat, Little Baby's You'll wink, and nod, and hug,
and high-five each other, with great enthusiasm
This is a special time eating Little baby's , is a feeling
Eating Little baby's , is a feeling
Source: https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1561822
Some of this document has been adapted from part of Hendrik Ball's web site Grand Illusions. Their work appears in the Victorian Web with the kind permission of the author, who of course retains copyright of both the text and illustrations. [Marjie Bloy Ph.D., Research Fellow, Victorian Web, National University of Singapore]
Arsenic had been a popular way of poisoning people since the Middle Ages. Arsenic itself is not very poisonous but another form of arsenic - arsenic oxide - is extremely poisonous. The symptoms of arsenic poisoning could be confused with those of many other illnesses, and it was also very difficult to detect arsenic after the death so it provided a practical way of murdering someone. Indeed white arsenic became known as 'inheritance powder'.
In 1815, after being defeated by the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon Bonaparte was exiled to the tiny and remote volcanic island of St Helena in the south Atlantic. During most of their exile, Napoleon lived in Longwood House with a retinue of about twenty people who included
Merchand, their valet, whose diaries were not published until 1950
the Comte de Montholon, head of household, whom Napoleon regarded as the most faithful of the faithful
the Comte's wife, Albine de Montholon, who was reported to be Napoleon's mistress and also the mother of their illegitimate child
Dr Antommarchi, the Emperor's personal physician
Hudson Lowe the Governor of the island
Several of these people had a motive for wanting to murder Napoleon.
A few days prior to their death Napoleon had requested that their doctor make a full examination of their body, particularly of their stomach. The Emperor died at Longwood House in 1821. The doctors who carried out the post-mortem on Napoleon said that a perforated stomach ulcer that had turned cancerous was the main cause of their death. Initially Napoleon was buried on St Helena but their body was later removed and re-buried in Paris at the Invalides.
In 1952 Swedish dentist Sten Forshufvud read the recently published account of Napoleon's death by Merchand. Based on their knowledge of toxicology, Forshufvud came to the conclusion that Napoleon had been murdered. Fortunately, a number of Napoleon's staff had kept locks of the Emperor's hair, which were passed down the generations, sometimes coming up for auction. In the 1960s this happened and in order to prove this theory Forshufvud turned to Glasgow University forensic scientist Professor Hamilton Smith, who had developed the nuclear techniques to record very small levels of arsenic. Using these techniques it was shown that small quantities of arsenic were present in Napoleon's hair. It was possible to poison a person without detection by slowly exposing him/her to small quantities of arsenic. This technique was known and was described in a book that Albine de Montholon had with them in St Helena. Forshufvud concluded that Napoleon had been murdered by the Comte de Montholon.
However, in 1980, Dr David Jones made a radio programme, broadcast by the BBC, in which they asked if anyone knew the colour of Napoleon's wallpaper on St Helena. As part of the programme, one of the stories that Dr Jones had told was one about Gosio's Disease. During the nineteenth century there had been a number of cases of arsenic poisoning that had caused some bewilderment. Some people became ill but others died. Arsenic was found in their bodies and foul play was sometimes suspected although in many cases it did not seem possible that the person had been poisoned deliberately. In 1893 an Italian Biochemist called Gosio worked out what was happening.
Scheele's Green was a colouring pigment that had been used in fabrics and wallpapers from about 1770. It was named after the Swedish chemist Scheele who invented it. The pigment was easy to make and was a bright green colour but under certain circumstances the copper arsenite could be deadly. Gosio discovered that if wallpaper containing Scheele's Green became damp and then became mouldy, the mould could carry out a chemical process to get rid of the copper arsenite. It converted it to a vapour form of arsenic, normally a mixture of arsine, dimethyl and trimethyl arsine which was very poisonous. If Napoleon's wallpaper had been green, it could possibly have contained arsenic, and this could have been the source of the arsenic in the hair sample. Napoleon might have been an early victim of Gosio's disease.
Shirley Bradley who lived in Norfolk, England, had a piece of the wallpaperitself. The wallpaper showed a single star, the principal of which were green and brown although it is possible that the brown had faded, and had originally been gold. Gold and green were the Imperial colours.
The green pigment did contain arsenic and it began to look as if Napoleon might have been a victim of Gosio's disease, poisoned not by the British authorities, but inadvertantly by the British wallpaper makers. Many of the other people who were with Napoleon on St Helena also became ill and complained of the 'bad air'. Arsenic poisoning causes stomach pains, diarrhoea, shivering and swollen limbs; Napoleon's butler did actually die. Dr Jones' conclusion was that the amount of arsenic in Napoleon's wallpaper was not particularly great and consequently the amount of arsenic vapour in the air would not have been large, otherwise more people would have become sick or died. Although the arsenic was not enough to have killed Napoleon, once they were already ill with a stomach ulcer, the arsenic would have exacerbated their condition. Certainly some of the symptoms they complained about do correspond to those of arsenic poisoning.
Bibliography
Ben Weider & Sten Forshufvud, Assassination on St Helena Revisited, John Wiley & Sons, 1995.
Jones, DEH, Ledingham, KWL "Arsenic in Napoleon's Wallpaper" Nature, Vol. 299 Oct. 14, 1982 p. 626-7.
New Scientist, 14 October 1982, pp. 101-104.
Victorian
Web
Political
History
Public
Health
A team of researchers from the University of Michigan and Western Michigan University is exploring new materials that could yield higher computational speeds and lower power consumption, even in harsh environments.
Most modern electronic circuitry relies on controlling electronic charge within a circuit, but this control can easily be disrupted in the presence of radiation, interrupting information processing. Electronics that use spin-based logic, or spintronics, may offer an alternative that is robust even in radiation-filled environments.
Making a radiation-resistant spintronic device requires a material relevant for spintronic applications that can maintain its spin-dependence after it has been irradiated. In a paper published in the journal Applied Physics Letters, from AIP Publishing, the Michigan research team presents their results using bulk Si-doped n-GaAs exposed to proton radiation.
How Does Spintronics Work?
Modern electronic devices use charges to transmit and store information, primarily based upon how many electrons are in one place or another. When a lot of them are at a given terminal, you can call that 'on.' If you have very few of them at the same terminal, you can call that 'off,' just like a light switch. This allows for binary logic depending on whether the terminal is 'on' or 'off.' Spintronics, at its simplest, uses the 'on/off' idea, but instead of counting the electrons, their spin is measured.
"You can think of the spin of an electron as a tiny bar magnet with an arrow painted on it. If the arrow points up, we call that 'spin-up.' If it points down, we call that 'spin-down.' By using light, electric, or magnetic fields, we can manipulate, and measure, the spin direction," said researcher Brennan Pursley, who is the first author of the new study.
While spintronics holds promise for faster and more efficient computation, researchers also want to know whether it would be useful in harsh environments. Currently, radioactivity is a major problem for electronic circuitry because it can scramble information and in the long term degrade electronic properties. For the short term effects, spintronics should be superior: radioactivity can change the quantity of charge in a circuit, but should not affect spin-polarized carriers.
Studying spintronic materials required that the research team combine two well established fields: the study of spin dynamics and the study of radiation damage. Both tool sets are quite robust and have been around for decades but combining the two required sifting through the wealth of radiation damage research. "That was the most difficult aspect," explains Pursley. "It was an entirely new field for us with a variety of established techniques and terminology to learn. The key was to tackle it like any new project: ask a lot of questions, find a few good books or papers, and follow the citations."
Technically, what the Michigan team did was to measure the spin properties of n-GaAs as a function of radiation fluence using time-resolved Kerr rotation and photoluminescence spectroscopy. Results show that the spin lifetime and g-factor of bulk n-GaAs is largely unaffected by proton irradiation making it a candidate for further study for radiation-resistant spintronic devices. The team plans to study other spintronic materials and prototype devices after irradiation since the hybrid field of irradiated spintronics is wide open with plenty of questions to tackle.
Long term, knowledge of radiation effects on spintronic devices will aid in their engineering. A practical implementation would be processing on a communications satellite where without the protection of Earth's atmosphere, electronics can be damaged by harsh solar radiation. The theoretically achievable computation speeds and low power consumption could be combined with compact designs and relatively light shielding. This could make communications systems faster, longer-lived and cheaper to implement.
Friends from New York and new acquaintances alike ask me if I have experienced culture shock during my time in India. One incident always comes to mind.
I had just arrived at my uncle's home in southern India, where I would be staying for a few months on assignment. A day or two into my stay, I made an offhand comment to my aunt that I had gotten my period the morning of my flight. I was expecting a little lady-to-lady commiseration, but instead we had this conversation in a weirdly hushed tone:
"Oh. We have to close the prayer room."
"Ok..."
"And when you throw away the soiled napkins, make sure to wash them first."
"But they'd be disposable?"
"Yes, but keep them neatly, you know, many people clear the dustbins [referring to the maids]."
"Ok?"
"And also, please refrain from cooking over the open flame."
"Why?"
"Oh, you know, it was a tradition kept from my mother-in-law. We have had such good luck, why change tradition? Many other people follow the rule more strictly."
"Ok..."
I was completely confused. Forget trying to explain the concept of a tampon. I didn't even know where to begin with this news. My mother had once mentioned to me an old tradition in South Indian villages where women were supposed to refrain from housework during their period. Apparently, the practice had started during ancient times, when women performed labor-intensive tasks. They were expected to fetch water from the well, cook meals for large, extended families and perform a battery of household chores that required a great deal of physical exertion. So, when their "chums" time came, this blanket ban on work was supposed to give them a few days' rest. I figured this was literally ancient news, though. There was Midol now! And heating pads!
After this unexpected conversation with my aunt, I decided to do a bit of research. Apparently, it was decided that husbands would compel their wives to bend or break this rule if it wasn't codified. Thus, women were banned from setting foot in a temple or a prayer room on their period because it was henceforth considered "unclean." They went so far as to demand that women use separate utensils and plates while menstruating and confine themselves to a separate, closed room. Menstruation officially ended on the morning of the fourth day, when the woman bathed.
"When you bathe tomorrow, also wash your hair da kanna," my aunt said on the third day, referring to me as "sweetheart" in Tamil.
The feminist in me was screaming THIS IS SEXIST. The idea that I was impure for a natural function, one that half the population experienced, was odious. I just kept thinking, this is some DUMB old rule written by DUMB old men. I hated it. But this belief was at odds with other beliefs I also held. I was a guest in my aunt's house. They were a good person. Them Hindu orthodoxy rarely interfered with my decisions, which was clearly a conscious effort on their part. I found that I couldn't entirely give up being sensitive to my host's feelings for my principles. This is important to her, I rationalized. I went along. I let them pack my lunch for work. I avoided cooking altogether. The prayer room stayed closed, indicating embarrassingly to the whole house that for one of the girls, Scarlett had come home to Tara.
But I slipped up twice the next time the painters were in. My father, whose visit overlapped with mine, wanted to take me to the ancient Parthasarathy temple in Chennai. I was desperately curious to see it with him, and they would be leaving in two days. I had gotten my period that morning. I hadn't explicitly been told that I couldn't set foot in a temple while menstruating, but had extrapolated that this was one of the rules. I figured it best just to go and never mention it.
Somehow the topic came up when I was eating lunch after the temple. They asked me outright if I was In the Red.
Because I'm bad at lying when someone asks me a straightforward question, I somberly answered.
"Yes."
"Did you know that you can't visit temple at periods time?" They looked affronted.
"No?" I squeaked.
"That's OK then, if you knew, that only would be bad."
I felt like gum on the bottom of a shoe. Also, my anger was bubbling back to the surface.
"I find it hard to believe that God would be angry about this," I muttered. More loudly, I added, "Why is the rule this way?"
"I don't... We don't go asking Why? Why? like this," my aunt answered. Them voice was getting shriller and angrier by the minute. This was clearly a moot point. It was time to diffuse the tension.
"The food is delicious," I said, ending the conversation.
The same evening, my cousin and I were making grilled sandwiches on the stove. I had just finished flipping the sandwich when I looked behind me to find my aunt with a pained expression on them face.
"Let them do it kanna," they asked, sweetly. It finally hit me. I realized that following this rule was a compulsion for her, something that had been drilled into her, something that they would feel uneasy without. I had my own superstitions. I felt that same pained, gut-wrenching feeling when people touched books or money with their feet, a superstition adopted from my parents. I would immediately take them and touch them to my closed eyelids in apology. I feel a knot in my stomach when I don't carry out my little routines. I'm guessing it is how OCD sufferers feel in a very diluted form. It literally pained them not to do it. The rule had all sorts of sexist implications for me, but there was no way my open resistance or arguments were going to convince them not to continue following it.
Nevertheless, after they left for bed, I motioned to my cousin for the spatula.
"I can't follow this rule, it just feels wrong and offensive to me," I explained. "There's nothing unclean about your period. It is just another way to convince women to feel ashamed to be women."
The words came tumbling out. I couldn't help but explain myself, to lash out, because I had been trying so hard to suppress myself, to be considerate. One way or another, either my aunt or I would end up being offended. I had decided to take the burden upon myself because it seemed like the right thing to do. Now I realized that I couldn't be completely deferent.
Knowledge is something that no one can take from you. It's the eternal wealth that will help you thrive in a Post-Collapse world.
Mad Max: Village Roadshow Pictures
Jeffrey Green
Activist Post
Some experts see the perfect storm emerging for a dramatic collapse of Western civilization claiming we've reached environmental, economic, and geopolitical tipping points. Clearly, some skills will be far more valuable than others if this societal breakdown occurs. Sorry bankers, lawyers, and accountants, there won't be a need for you in a post-collapse world.
Before we quantify the skill sets that will be viable, it is important to define the severity of a “post-collapse” scenario. When taken as a whole, together these tipping points could potentially converge to create a post-apocalyptic Mad Max-type world for the vast majority of humanity. However, given the advanced technology that we possess today, it is unlikely to ever become quite that primitive ever again. Surely there will be pockets of energy and food independence no matter what possible scenario unfolds, but the vast majority may be left to fend for themselves.
It would take a serious cataclysmic earth event like a super volcano, a meteor impact, major electromagnetic pulse event, or dramatic pole shift to affect the entirety of humanity. Man-made events like nuclear war, environmental damage, or total economic collapse, no matter how devastating, will be somewhat isolated and contained to specific areas and populations. Incidentally, every nation or territory that has experienced these human-made catastrophes has roared back to life in less than one generation. The only example of nuclear survival was in Japan, while the largest recent economic collapse was the break-up of the Soviet Union. In both cases those countries went through a very tough period, but ultimately they persevered.
For sake of this article, let's assume that some level of devastation is caused by each type of tipping point in the United States. Our ever escalating wars finally reach our shores by way of long-range nuclear missiles, total economic collapse occurs rendering the dollar worthless, and we would likely have less electricity and water than Iraq did after Bush's “shock and awe” campaign. Gasoline and oil supplies would likely be down to a trickle, halting all supply lines of food and other goods to big box stores. Factory farming will be impossible without cheap oil products readily available. The suffering will be dramatic.
The only question will become, how do the citizens react? Both the USSR and early 1950s Japan were far more agrarian, and far less dependent on big box stores than America currently is. American dependence on long supply lines, interconnected yet vulnerable electric grid, and pharmaceutical-based healthcare may lead to a more severe breakdown of society than witnessed in those countries. Although, innovative technology for alternative energy and agriculture practices will play a part in surviving; but they can only help the few with the knowledge, means, and stability to use them. And stability will be in low supply for some time, resulting in only small groups with relative comfort — those who planned for the worse. However, as an optimist, I believe that after the initial chaos Americans will rediscover solidarity for one-another, much like they did after 9/11, but this time it will be more sustained out of absolute necessity.
Many articles have been written about how to survive the coming collapse, or what is needed to survive, but not many articles have been written about what skills will have value in a post-collapse world. Imagine fulfilling human necessity without consistent fuel or electricity, large-scale food production, or fully-stocked pharmacies and hospitals. The only form of wealth in a collapsed civilization is the knowledge and skills to produce something of human value.
Here are 10 invaluable skills that will likely help you sustain yourself in a hand-made local world:
1. Organic Gardening and Seed Saving:
Skills involving food production will be the most valuable in a post-collapse society. Learning to grow your own food is a must. Obviously, it is necessary to feed your family, but you will also be able to trade your abundance for other items. Additionally, learning to save seeds will also provide another excellent means of trade.
2. Food Processing and Preservation:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Learning to process and preserve foods will be another huge skill in a post-collapse world. Taking seasonal abundance and preserving it for future consumption or trade will be vital. Remember, learning to do this with limited electricity is a must. This can also include learning to brew beer, mead, vinegar, or other alcoholic beverages from meager ingredients.
3. Hunting, Fishing, and Gathering:
Learning to fish and hunt is essential to survival. Having the proper gear and training will be priceless after the collapse of modern civilization. Having reference guides for edible plants in your region, repairing weapons, trapping wild game, and fishing are great tools to have if you haven't the time to learn them now. In regards to weapons, your ability to use them also gives you the skill of working security.
4. Animal Husbandry:
Notice the first four categories are related to food production. It's that important. Just gaining knowledge of one of these categories will give you an invaluable skill to thrive in a post-apocalyptic world. Knowledge of animal husbandry can provide endless amounts of sustainable meat, eggs, and milk to you and your tribe.
5. Construction:
Construction skills will be very important in a shattered civilization. These skills, especially without power tools, are not something you learn overnight. If you have some basic skills it may be worth learning a few techniques for building small structures with crude hand tools. There are many books teaching anyone how to build basic cabins, sheds, and composting outhouses.
6. Alternative Energy and Fuels:
Having the knowledge to implement alternative energy systems will make you a wealthy survivor in a “dark” world. You can learn to build your own alternative energy systems, or you can purchase back up solar generators in preparation for emergencies. There are also small fuel refinery systems available like the biodiesel Fuelmeister , and the new invention from Japan that turns plastic into oil. Knowledge of how to create energy would be invaluable when oil is scarce.
7. Water Purification:
Since it's difficult to pump well water without electricity and with surface water likely to be contaminated, clean water will be in very limited supply. Learning to purify water will allow you to thrive during this time. You can also purchase water filters for your go-bag that will last weeks, and you can have back-up tablets should you need them. However, the skill and knowledge to purify water should be the goal as that can never run out.
8. Basic First Aid and Natural Medicine:
This is another skill that can take years to develop and learn, but that will be crucial when supply lines of pharmaceuticals are cut off and hospitals are over-run. Knowledge of growing herbal gardens for making medicine at home will prove to be very important. Learning basic procedures for stitching wounds, CPR, and more will also be of great assistance. Being the tribe's shaman with a natural medicine chest is a prestigious position
9. Mechanics:
Mechanics for cars, motorcycles, tractors and other machinery will likely be in high demand. In addition, bicycle mechanics will also fair well in world where fuel is very expensive or hard to come by. These are also skills that are not learned over night, but it will be wise to at least have access to books or how-to videos.
10. Soap and Candle Making:
With long supply lines decimated and electricity on the fritz, soap and candle makers will provide a valuable product. Clearly some preparation of storing raw materials may be needed to achieve trade-able levels of these goods. Even if you just had the knowledge to make soap or candles just for your immediate tribe, you will be much better off for it.
You'll notice that many of these skills also fall into the category of what you would need to be self-sufficient. Again, learning all of these skills will be virtually impossible, especially if the collapse isn't that far off as many predict. Determine which skills that most appeal to you and focus on them by studying and acquiring the tools needed. Since you can't become an expert in everything it may be wise to recruit tribe members with various survival skills. It will also be beneficial to build up your library of “how to” books and videos for tasks that you are not proficient in. You can download any video from Youtube by using Keepvid.com and build your library into an external hard drive.
Remember, knowledge of and skills to produce human necessities will be the only form of wealth creation in a hand-made world. Knowledge is something that no one can take from you. It's the eternal wealth that will help you thrive in a Post-Collapse world. Get Prepared Now!
One person is dead after a small plane crashed near Calabogie, Ont., about 120 kilometres west of Ottawa.
The crash happened Monday at about 12:20 p.m. ET between Calabogie and Griffith, Ont., said Ontario Provincial Police spokesperson Sgt. Kristine Rae.
Goderich Municipal Airport confirmed the six-seat Socata TBM-700 was travelling from the Carp Airport, west of Ottawa, to Goderich, Ont., in southwestern Ontario.
The airport confirmed the pilot died but the plane's owner, Lorenzo Girones, who registered the Socata just two weeks ago, was not aboard.
 They are a lawyer from Timmins, Ont., who runs their own practice and who had just bought the plane brand new, according to Transport Canada records.
The plane was scheduled to leave Carp at 12:07 p.m. ET and arrive in Goderich at about 1:30 p.m. ET — the first leg of a round-trip flight — with two people aboard.
Police confirmed one person had been killed.
ORNGE air ambulance service was asked to send a helicopter from Toronto, but that request was cancelled at about 2:30 p.m. while the helicopter was in the air close to Calabogie.
Plane crashed in heavily-wooded area
Police officers and paramedics had to use all-terrain vehicles to reach the crash site, which is in a heavily-wooded area near Black Donald Lake. Paramedics have since been released from the crash site.
Greg Veldhuizen was at their trailer nearby when they said they heard a loud noise and saw the plane go down. That is when they and four others rode their ATVs to the site and found the plane.
"The scene where we came was all pieces of the plane around," they said.
"You saw part of the engine, a little smoking, some other pieces, little fires from a foot high."
Marc Allain was at a cottage nearby on the same lake when they said they and their friends heard a loud engine in the sky.
Witness Greg Veldhuizen said they could not believe the number of pieces when they used an ATV to reach the plane crash site. (CBC)
"Someone in our group pointed to the sky and said, 'Look it's a plane up there doing loop-de-loops,'" they told CBC News.
"Then next thing you know we sort of lost it behind the trees and then [there was] a loud explosion sound and then a big, black plume of smoke in the sky."
According to the online flight tracking service FlightAware.com, the plane was travelling at about 27,000 feet at 12:17 p.m., but the next recorded altitude was 5,200 feet just two minutes later.
The Transportation Safety Board sent two investigators to the crash site to test for safety deficiencies.
A former bank teller at a Washington DC Wells Fargo branch stole more than $185,000 from a homeless man who banked there, according to court filings.
Phelon Davis, 29, pleaded guilty in the US District Court to interstate transportation of stolen property, according to the United State's Attorney's Office.
Davis, of District Heights, Maryland, will likely spend 18 to 30 months in prison and, under their plea agreement, will pay back the homeless man the $185,400 they stole.
Pictured is the M Street NW branch of Wells Fargo in Washington DC. There, in October 2014, bank teller Phelon Davis began a scheme in which they stole $185,400 from a homeless man over a two-year period
Their federal offense carries a maximum jail term of 10 years. Their crimes were interstate because they transferred stolen money between the nation's capital and Maryland.
Davis was an employee of the M Street NW Wells Fargo in Washington back in October 2014, reports the Washington Post.
The homeless man, a street vendor and a long-time customer of the branch, brought a large amount of cash in a bag to the bank branch.
The man was unable to deposit thousands of dollars they intended to because they did not have any identification.
Their accounts had gone dormant due to inactivity.
Davis told the man where to go to get proper identification, and also checked the man's balance at the bank.
Upon realizing that the man had a substantial sum of money in the bank across multiple accounts, Davis 'devised a scheme to fraudulently obtain the customer's money,' according to the Attorney's Office.
Davis pleaded guilty to interstate transportation of stolen property. They could spend up to 30 months in prison and will need to repay the homeless man
Davis took $3,000 from one of the man's accounts and used it to open another. They forged the man's signature, created an online account and ordered an ATM card with a PIN number for the fraudulent account.
Davis then, over a two-year period, used ATMs more than 100 times to withdraw $185,440 from the customer's multiple accounts.
The customer never received bank statements showing this activity because they did not have a permanent address. The man also did not have access to email or a computer.
Davis used the funds to put a down payment on their home and to pay for vacations in the Caribbean and Mexico, among other pursuits.
It is not clear how or why the homeless street vendor, who was not identified in court documents, had so much money.
Davis's attorney, Bruce Allen Johnson, told the Washington Post: 'That's the million-dollar question.'
The last time Davis took money from the account was in October 2016. It is not clear how they were caught, but they were formally charged this past July.
Their sentencing has not yet been scheduled.
PLANS have been unveiled for a £850 million revamp of a commercial district in the centre of Edinburgh.
The new St James Quarter development includes outline planning permission for premium shops, a five-star hotel, a four-star hotel, an apartment hotel, a cinema-theatre, restaurants, 138 flats and offices.
An artist's impression of a garden terrace in the proposed redevelopment of St James Centre
The centrepiece is a circular hotel. The top three storeys, complete with glass-topped rooftop restaurant, will be visible on the skyline from many parts of the city.
Work is due to begin next year on the project, which is forecast to support around 2,300 permanent jobs and generate £25m for the Scottish economy annually.
John Lewis department store will remain open, but the remainder of the St James Centre, regarded by many residents as one of the city's ugliest buildings, will be demolished.
New retail, hospitality and construction skills academies will be set up, hosting approximately 1,000 placements each year.
Edinburgh City Council leader Andrew Burns described the unveiling of the new plans yesterday as a “red letter day for Edinburgh”.
They said: “There is no doubt that in almost every economic arena Edinburgh punches above its weight but the one area where it could do better is in its retail offer.
“I'm entirely confident that this St James Quarter will draw us up to comparable status with our major competitors.”
Earlier plans announced in 2009 by TIAA Henderson Real Estate, the company which owns the site, stalled because of the last recession.
The enterprise is being funded by a new form of public private partnership known as a regeneration accelerator model (Ram) between the Scottish Government and TIAA Henderson.
More than £60m will be invested by the taxpayer under the deal, which is similar to the one used to develop Glasgow's Buchanan Galleries.
The government expects to claw back around £270m over 25 years from enhanced business rates as a result of the project.
Martin Perry, director of development for TIAA Henderson Real Estate, said the plans were now “100 per cent” certain to go ahead.
“We have worked very closely with the City of Edinburgh Council and the Scottish Government to realise this vision and we appreciate their support and assistance. This scale of investment is unprecedented in central Edinburgh and will transform the city's retail offer, putting it on the international map of shopping destinations.”
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the project would “transform this area of the capital, creating thousands of jobs and boosting the economy”.
They said: “This has only been possible due to an innovative funding model.
“This government is determined to invest in Scotland's infrastructure – both to stimulate growth in the short term and lay the foundations for long-term success.”
Graham Birse, director of the Edinburgh Institute business school at Napier University, described the new funding model as “game changing”.
They said: “It's been difficult in the past to find a way of implementing this business model because of Treasury and local government funding rules. It has required the Scottish Government to adopt a different position from its historical approach. It is game-changing because it is triggering a development which would otherwise have taken a long time to come to fruition.”
Neil Baxter, secretary of the Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland, said the quarter would provide an opportunity for architects to reflect the changing nature of the city. “The skyline should not be considered sacrosanct. As quality is ensured, we should not be fearful of something adventurous.”
SEE ALSO:
• St James Centre plan a priority
CINCINNATI, Ohio -- LeBron James made one thing abundantly clear Wednesday:  They are looking squarely ahead with the Cleveland Cavaliers this season and is by no means stuck in the past.
No, James said, they didn't think they were still playing for the Miami Heat during that bizarre play in the Cavs' preseason game against their former team last weekend. And yes, James explained, they were indeed able to forgive owner Dan Gilbert for what happened between them before and pave the way for their return home.
"How did I forgive? I'm a man," James said. "Men, we all make mistakes."
But first James refuted the notion that they accidentally set a pick on their new teammate, guard Matthew Dellavedova, while former teammate Norris Cole was setting up the Heat's offense in the first quarter.
James' meeting in Rio de Janeiro against their former teammates Saturday was mostly anticlimactic -- the most memorable moment of the game might have come less than a minute after tipoff when James' 6-foot-9 frame stood in the way of the 6-4 Dellavedova, freeing up space for Cole to operate.
LeBron James refuted the notion that they accidentally set a pick on teammate Matthew Dellavedova while their former teammate, Norris Cole, was setting up the Heat's offense last week. Buda Mendes/Getty Images
Cleveland won in overtime, but James' night was long finished by that point, as they put up seven points and eight assists in 21 minutes before exiting early to rest.
A clip of the play in question went viral, leaving many to wonder whether James had momentarily forgotten which team they play for now.
"For non-basketball people," James began with a smirk when asked about the apparent blooper before the Cavs played the Indiana Pacers in Cincinnati on Wednesday, "our coverage is for me to show and for Delly [Dellavedova] to go under me and we just didn't get the call right at the time. Delly was supposed to slide under me and we kind of ran into each other.
"So, for non-basketball people, they like to critique everything that I do. It's stupid."
Dellavedova had a similar account of the flubbed defensive coverage.
"My family sent me the link of it," Dellavedova told ESPN.com. "He just showed out [on the ball handler] and I just needed to go under. So, it wasn't really anything. I mean, you know how the media can get, right? It's obviously more crazy with anything involving LeBron."
Dellavedova said that it wasn't until they saw the video of the play just how strange it appeared.
"Didn't even realize," Dellavedova said. "Just a normal basketball play."
Getting on the same page with a new teammate is one thing. Finding common ground with a former employer after a difficult parting is something different.
James also addressed how they were able to forgive Gilbert and play for the man who excoriated them with a public letter on the Cavaliers' team website in 2010.
"As a man, if you got a problem with somebody, you sit down face to face and you talk to them eye to eye. And you hash it out and move on," James said. "So, I think a lot of things that go on in life or in sports with people kind of holding grudges is because they're afraid to actually take a step forward. It's a fine line between pride and progress, and I'm on the progress side. I'm not on the pride side."
James' explanation echoed the sentiments they shared in an essay co-written by Lee Jenkins of Sports Illustrated, announcing their return to the Cavaliers in July.
"To make the move I needed the support of my wife and my mom, who can be very tough," James wrote at the time. "The letter from Dan Gilbert, the booing of the Cleveland fans, the jerseys being burned -- seeing all that was hard for them. My emotions were more mixed. It was easy to say, 'OK, I don't want to deal with these people ever again.' But then you think about the other side. What if I were a kid who looked up to an athlete, and that athlete made me want to do better in my own life, and then they left? How would I react? I've met with Dan, face-to-face, man-to-man. We've talked it out. Everybody makes mistakes. I've made mistakes as well. Who am I to hold a grudge?"
James' speaking so openly about patching things up with Gilbert was a reminder of how far they have come since their first seven-year stint with the Cavaliers.
Now with the benefit of teammates such as Kevin Love, Mike Miller and Shawn Marion who they helped convince to come to the Cavs this summer by their sheer presence alone, James reflected on a time when they failed in that department.
"I recruited [before] I left here, but I just didn't win anything so nobody wanted to play with me," James said, pointing out that previously, the lone marquee free agent to come to Cleveland based on their influence was Larry Hughes in 2005. "I recruited. I recruited Michael Redd, I recruited Joe Johnson, I recruited Chris Bosh. I recruited a lot of guys. I just didn't win, and they didn't want to come to Cleveland. So, I guess me winning two championships, it helped out a lot."
I am a big fan of Topo Designs. I've carried and used their Rover Pack almost everyday for well over a year now. So, when I received their take on the traditional quarter-buttoned fleece jacket, I had nothing but high hopes for it. With bigger companies like Patagonia making similar style jackets, is there a place for Topo in the jacket market?
(Note: I received this jacket for review from Topo Designs. However, my opinions in this review are my own. Please contact me with any concerns.)
Specifications
Material: Polartec 200 and Nylon
Sizes: Small, Medium, Large, Extra-Large
Place of Manufacture: USA
Price: $129
Packaging
The jacket came only with the same tag that all Topo Designs products come with.
There is a sticker on the back of the tag with a barcode, item name and price information.
Design
The jacket has been produced in many different colors throughout the years.
Topo
Besides the color of the fleece fabric, design of the jackets are almost identical except for the buttons, which come in both a shiny silver finish and a blackened finish.
The fleece jacket is a quarter-buttoned style. There are three snap-closure buttons that extend up through the high collar. The buttons are mounted on top of nylon strips that run up and down the opening. The collar itself is also lined with nylon all around.
The large breast pocket is also secured using a snap-closure button. The pocket is very large and can hold my 5.5-inch screen phone with ease. The pocket is entirely nylon and overlays the fleece. The inside is a bright neon yellow that greatly contrasts with the rest of the jacket. There is a thick red tab on the top of the pocket. While I think it might have been designed to assist with opening the pocket, I have not found it useful.
The sleeves are tightly cinched with elastics at the wrists. On the forearms, there are nylon patches that extend from the elbow to the elastics. They are positioned so that they face away from the body when the jacket is being worn
There are a few tags on the jacket including a Topo tag, a “MADE IN the USA” tag, and a size tag. There is a small nylon loop for hanging the jacket.
Fit and Finish
The stitching is uneven in some places. By this, I mean that the stitching sometimes doubles over and the ends are not that pleasantly finished off. Since the threads used are the same color as the fleece, these issues are quite hard to see. However, I have not had the stitching fail in any location and the dimensions seem symmetric.
The buttons are firmly attached and feature the words “TOPO” stamped on them. They take a bit of force to snap together, but it is easy enough to do it with one hand. My OCD-self has a bit of an issue with the button on the pocket. It is rotated about 10 degrees or so. It does not affect the functionality, but it is an annoyance.
Being Polartec, the fleece fabric is consistent throughout the panels. I have washed the jacket once and there does not appear to be any thinning.
Functionality
The jacket wears quite well. It sits well on the shoulders. The sleeves are a bit on the longer side, but the elastics prevents them from becoming an issue.
If anything, my one complaint is with how high the jacket sits. I don't wear my jeans low, but the bottom edge of the jacket still exposes my belt loops.
I often push up my sleeves and have noticed a ridge and crease pattern on the forearm area. The elastic on the wrists also seem to loosen a bit over time. However, the crease pattern disappears and the elasticity goes back to normal after a wash.
Since the collar is so high, they can either be left up or rolled down. It has the natural inclination to stay away from the neck when unbuttoned, so when left high, it is not a bother.
The tag on the inside of the jacket gives information on the materials used, where the jacket was made, and, most importantly, how to clean it. As with most fleece products, I buttoned the jacket up and turned it inside out. I set the washer to a warm, gentle cycle and then let it air dry overnight. There was no deformation or thinning that I could detect.
The fabric used in the jacket, Polartec 200, is not rated to be highly wind resistant. I found this to be true. Unless I wore some sort of shell on top of it or wore a thicker layer underneath it, I found my forearms to be a bit chilly.
On some cold days, I wore the jacket indoors and found the softness to be super comfy. It was difficult to tell myself to take it off before bed. It is also great for layering. I wore it under a rain jacket and a hard shell and found myself walking to class in the last snow storm without shivering.
The jacket is compact and folds up quite well. I wore the jacket during mid to late spring where chilly mornings led to warm afternoons. I rolled up the jacket and slipped it in my Rover Pack. It didn't take up much internal volume from the backpack at all.
How does the jacket compare?
The jacket is of a very similar style to the Patagonia Snap-T Series.
Patagonia Topo
The Patagonia comes in many different forms but is, on average, around ~$10 cheaper than the Topo. It has more buttons in the front, which can allow for some more flexibility as well as elastics on the bottom edge to help prevent wind from getting in.
Having tried on the Patagonia in a store, I can say that their in-house fleece material is of the same quality as Polartec's.
The Topo jacket has a few notable advantages over the Patagonia. The pocket is bigger (alas, for some it might be an eyesore) and the elastics on the sleeves are better than those on the Patagonia. The buttons are mounted on nylon instead of the fleece itself which may help the fabric last longer.
Conclusion
I love my Topo fleece jacket, but it is important to remember what role it has in a wardrobe. It will not keep one warm on a windy day if you are not properly dressed underneath or on top. It will, however, be very comfortable to wear on a mild spring day or as a layer during the winter. The quality is, as always, above par and I have no doubt that the jacket will be a staple in my wardrobe for years to come.
Advertisements
In my last article, “Bruisers: The Science of One Damage Item,” I discussed the three main “one hit wonder” bruiser damage items: Iceborn Gauntlet (“IG”), Trinity Force (“Triforce”) and Blade of the Ruined King (“BotRK”). AD carries have received a lot of attention in regards to maximizing DPS, and I referenced an A DIFFerent View article about Bloodthirster versus BotRK to help conceptualize BotRK's damage.
However, defensive bruisers, as a class that specializes mainly in tanking and that used to almost solely build Triforce for damage, has not received the same depth of analysis. To remedy this, I bring you:
Bruiser Mathcraft
IG falls in an obvious place because of its lower damage proc compared to Triforce, but how do BotRK and Triforce directly compare? Is one of them strictly better than the other, or are they heavily situational?
Setup
First, I'm going to present an amended version of the chart you've likely seen several times to show BotRK's passive damage. This chart shows health (“HP”) amounts and the corresponding BotRK passive damage, the damage needed (including the extra attack damage BotRK has over Triforce) for a Triforce proc to equal BotRK damage and the base damage a character needs in order for these two damages to be equal.
HP BotRK Passive Damage Needed Req. Base Damage 1,000 40 50 33 ⅓ 1,100 44 54 36 1,200 48 58 38 ⅔ 1,300 52 62 41 ⅓ 1,400 56 66 44 1,500 60 70 46 ⅔ [. . .] [. . .] [. . .] [. . .] 2,000 80 90 60 [. . .] [. . .] [. . .] [. . .] 3,000 120 130 86 ⅔
As you probably already guessed, an autoattack with a Triforce proc will almost always do more damage than a BotRK autoattack. This table gives some useful information that we can use in later calculations: BotRK's passive does 4 more damage per 100 HP and 40 per 1,000 while you need 2 ⅔ base damage per 100 HP and 26 ⅔ per 1,000 for a Triforce proc to keep up.
Application
BotRK and Triforce are both a pain to calculate damage for because they're dependent on two variables that widely vary: enemy HP and character base damage. In order to make things both easier and more practical, I'm going to compare these items using Jax and Irelia, two of the most common and prototypical Triforce users from previous seasons.
Jax, mainly because of their low cooldown W (Empower), is able to proc Triforce's effect almost every time it's up. Irelia, on the other hand, has longer cooldowns and cannot proc consistently. While I will be calculating the extra attack speed from Triforce, I am not going to consider Jax's passive because it makes things considerably harder and I want to give Triforce a handicap (more autoattacks helps BotRK since faster attacks will not get you any more Triforce procs). Take this as a small substitute for the utility Triforce brings, if you wish; you'll soon see, however, that this does not impact the results.
Scenarios
First, let's look at Jax and Irelia's base attack speed, attack damage and how they increase throughout the game. Note, the client rounds off numbers to display them but, just like in your rune pages, the unrounded value is used in actual calculations.
Irelia Jax Base Attack Speed 0.665 0.638 Attack Speed per Level 3.2% 3.4% Base Attack Speed at 18 1.027 1.006 At 18 with Triforce 1.3357 1.3078 Base Attack Damage 59.3 59.675 Attack Damage per Level 3.3 3.375 Base Attack Damage at 18 115.4 117.05
For the sake of simplicity and easy endgame analysis, the base values for level 18 will be used, but, with the data I've shown you, it should be easy to scale to whatever level you want to look at. And remember: BotRK only depends on an enemy's health while Triforce uses your base attack damage, so this is the best case damage for Triforce. BotRK is therefore better at comparatively lower values of HP earlier in the game.
Scenario #1: Sustained Damage
The first scenario is a moderate, 10-second period of sustained damage against a target. This is likely to occur in duels against other bruisers or tanks. For squishier characters, you'll only see this scenario if you are able to effectively stick to them.
In 10 seconds with BotRK, both Jax and Irelia will have time for 10 autoattacks while they will have time for 13 with Triforce. Without an ultimate, Irelia will be able to proc Triforce 3 times while Jax will be able to proc it 4 times using only their W. I am setting up Jax this way because using their Q causes them to lose an autoattack. I will assume that both characters start the fight with a proc (which allows Jax to fit their 4th proc in).
HP BotRK Passive + Extra AD Triforce Proc Damage 1,000 400 Irelia: 519.3 1,500 600 Jax: 585.25 2,000 800 2,500 1,000 3,000 1,200
Both Jax and Irelia do more damage with BotRK than Triforce to targets that stay above around 1,500 HP during the fight. This does not include the use of BotRK's active, which makes it far more likely that you will be able to stick to your target during this period in order to get the full number of autoattacks. In this situation, the active would do 208.525 damage for Jax and 207.7 damage for Irelia, which would put the amount of HP needed to below 1,000. Remember, however, that BotRK has a 1 minute cooldown, which is why I'm showing the numbers both with and without it -- it is not something you will always have available.
Scenario #2: Short Burst Damage
It's not surprising that BotRK is far better in a sustained fight: it's passive is incredibly powerful. But what about a short, burst exchange? This would be a situation where, for example, you jump on an enemy carry and they get away after only a few attacks. Since the procs will take up a larger percentage of attacks than the last scenario, this is far more favorable to Triforce. To further help the item, let us (generously) say that while BotRK gets off 2 autoattacks Triforce gets off 3 with 1 proc.
HP BotRK Passive + Extra AD Triforce 1,000 100 1,500 140 Irelia: 173.1 2,000 180 Jax: 175.575 2,500 220 3,000 260
In this situation, which is essentially the most favorable one possible for Triforce, BotRK does more damage if a target is above 2,000 HP. If you use BotRK's active (which, again, has a significant cooldown), this value is lowered so much that BotRK will always do more damage than Triforce.
Conclusion: BotRK is King
If my title didn't tip you off, here's my conclusion: BotRK is the definitive bruiser item for damage in this patch. As I mentioned in my last article, IG has a niche for those who want more tank stats, crowd control and spamming ability, but BotRK is definitely the choice if you want to have a solid damage option. It has an incredible build path with linear power increases that gives you a useful active early on with Bilgewater Cutlass. In comparison, Triforce requires way more inventory space and has the particular stumbling blocks of no sustain through lifesteal and an annoyingly expensive Phage component. Even better, BotRK's passive grants extra “life steal” on top of what it already gives you as a flat percentage.
In my opinion, BotRK's active does a great job in covering up its weakness: for it to work you must be able to reliably autoattack a target. Using the active, it is far more likely that you will be able to stick to a squishy target and, if not, the use of the active has likely given you more damage than the burst of Triforce procs would have, anyways.
BotRK is even more valuable than you would think for another simple reason: everyone is buying health. With the buff to health this season, almost every champion is buying health in some way, and even AD carries are commonly getting a Warmog's as a last item. This means that BotRK is more effective since targets will have higher HP values for longer in a fight, giving it more time to out damage other items. Aside from being legitimately good in a normal case, it excels even more based on the current state of the game.
BotRK's damage is based on current HP. This means that you do less damage over time to a target. Because of this, getting fed in the early game makes Triforce a better snowball item if you get a lot of gold to get it quickly. However, with so many people stacking health and bruisers and tanks rushing for it, I believe that BotRK doesn't experience a significant decrease in usefulness because of this. Just keep this in mind so that you can adjust for different situations like squishier teams.
The significance of this conclusion should not be underestimated: this item is outperforming an item that is 1,003 gold more expensive. Triforce does have arguably greater utility because of it's movespeed and mana, but you pay a lot for it.
Start buying BotRK. It is a tragically underutilized item and, in its current state, seems legitimately overpowered.
Edit: This article was written before the Patch 3.02 notes were released. BotRK is getting buffed, going from 40 to 45 attack damage and 4 to 5% current health on its passive. The math is easily modified to account for this if you want concrete numbers. Obviously, I recommend the item even more strongly now.
The Islamic State (Isis) terrorists in Libya have beheaded a woman after accusing them of practising witchcraft, African newspapers have reported citing AFP.
The beheading reportedly took place on Monday in a public place in Sirte. The woman, who was a Moroccan national, was sentenced to death by beheading for "sorcery and black magic", Morocco World News reported.
Isis, which is also known as Daesh, executed a Palestinian national after accusing them of "espionage". They were shot dead, ENCA reported.
The recent reports have indicated that several Daesh fighters are relocating to Libya due to ongoing air attacks on Isis targets in Syria. Isis has been forced to move its forces to Sirte, where it plans to build another Islamic State capital similar to Raqqa, The Wall Street Journal had reported.
For Isis, Sirte is an important gain as since the assassination of former leader colonel Muammar Gaddafi, the ruler of Libya, there has been a power vaccum in the country, which now the Daesh can benefit from, according to Abayomi Azikiwe, the editor of Pan-African Newswire.
Earlier last month, according to New York Times, several Iraqi Isis commanders arrived in Libya to manage the country as one of the colony's under the Islamic State.
The increasing influence of Isis in Libya also has the Western intelligence agencies worried, who fear that Isis may be planning on using the country as a fall back option, if Raqqa falls.
"Libya is the affiliate that we're most worried about," Patrick Prior, the Defense Intelligence Agency's top counterterrorism analyst, said at a recent security conference in Washington. "It's the hub from which they project across all of North Africa," NYT reported.
Fox News contributor and conservative comedian Steven Crowder claims they were assaulted by pro-union protesters amid a protest in Lansing, Michigan.
In an interview with radio show host Dana Loesch, Crowder said the protesters “literally would have killed me where I stood if I defended myself.” They claimed the protesters gave them a “beat down” and threatened to shoot them with a gun. Crowder later uploaded video to YouTube to back up theirs allegations.
On their YouTube page, Crowder often interviews unsuspecting liberals and pokes fun at their inconsistencies. Their most recent video mocked supporters of marijuana legalization.
Crowder, a celibacy advocate who caught attention earlier this year for stealing candy from children to prove a point about Obama's policies, was apparently trying to obtain similar footage of union workers talking about the so-called right-to-work legislation being pushed through the Michigan legislature by Republicans. However, at some point the comedian tried to prevent the tent of Americans for Prosperity (AFP), a conservative group, from being taken down.
Crowder's video does not show how the confrontation between themselves and the protester began. The protester took at least three full swings at Crowder, who reacted by briefly grappling with the protester and then backing off with their hands raised up. Crowder said on Twitter that additional footage of the incident would be aired during Fox News' Hannity.
Video of Crowder being attacked and AFP's tent being torn down have been widely circulated among conservatives, who claim it highlights violent “union thuggery.”
“While of course we do not condone the actions taken by a small group of people, the disciples of James O'Keefe were attempting to instigate the crowd all day,” Eddie Vale, spokesperson for the AFL-CIO, told Talking Points Memo regarding the destruction of AFP's tent. “As soon as the incident happened our marshals worked with the police to move the AFP people through the crowd to safety with no injuries.”
Watch video, uploaded to YouTube, below:
[Editor's note: This story has been updated to include more background information on Crowder.]
UPDATE 12/13/2012: Footage aired on Sean Hannity's program and published by Salon shows the moments before the protester hit Crowder, as the protester is pushed to the ground by someone not shown on camera and only then rises to hit Crowder.
The American auto industry remains a cornerstone of our economy -- a key source of our ability to export, innovate, and create jobs. During the economic turmoil of the Great Recession, the auto sector shed hundreds of thousands of jobs, and production dropped to the lowest level recorded in data going back to the 1960s. In 2009, President Obama took decisive action to rescue the industry from imminent collapse, saving more than 1 million jobs across the country.
Now, our auto industry is once again a source of economic strength, with more and more of the world's top-of-the-line, fuel-efficient vehicles being made by American workers in American factories. In fact, the number of cars coming off our assembly lines just reached its highest level in 12 years.
Check out how fast the American auto industry has bounced back under President Obama -- then share this chart with everyone who needs to see this progress:
As this chart shows, the number of vehicles built on American assembly lines since 2000 rose to a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 13.2 million vehicles in July. The increase in auto production mirrors the growing strength of America's manufacturing sector, which has added more than 700,000 jobs since early 2010.
Building on this progress, President Obama is committed to taking further steps to boost American manufacturing. That's why he's using their pen and their phone to take action and spur more jobs and investment in U.S. manufacturing by:
Launching four more manufacturing innovation institutes this year
Expanding SelectUSA to compete for job-creating investment in the United States
Boost job-driven training by investing $500 million to expand apprenticeships and strengthen community colleges
Learn more about what the President has already done in this year of action: http://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/year-of-action
For the sake of truth in advertising, Ed Schultz should rename their eponymous radio show with the more accurate title, "Comedic Stylings of Ed Schultz."
Schultz's latest example of unintended doofusness over the airwaves came on Friday when a caller asked them for advice on answering criticism of the Obama administration from the caller's conservative friends. (Audio clips after the break)
The response from Schultz deserves at least honorable mention in the annals of liberal idiocy (audio) --
CALLER: I need some help here, Ed. I've got some of my Republican buddies telling me that, my argument is, if you've got established law, leave Obamacare alone, if you want to change it go through the legislative process. Their comeback to me is, we have Defense of Marriage Act which is ignored, we have immigration laws that were ignored, we have voting intimidation laws that were ignored, so why should they not ignore Obamacare?, number one. Secondly ...
SCHULTZ: Well no, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't ignored, they were not enforced.
CALLER: Right, they're not enforced, so that these guys are saying, why should we worry about Obamacare?
SCHULTZ (pauses, gears whirring furiously): Well, OK, don't and pay the fine then. Don't get it and pay the fine. Eventually that's what it's going to come to.
"They weren't ignored, they were not enforced" -- a distinction without a difference, at least to those grounded in reason and reality, pre-existing conditions which don't apply to Obama's most craven apologists. Suffice to say that their politicized IRS will be scrupulous in enforcing Obamacare fines and taxes.
Another example of Schultz's comedic stylings from the same broadcast (audio) --
And if I were the president, I would be talking to these veteran (GOP) senators who have not been spawned by the same psychos that spawned Ted Cruz. And if I were the president, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even look at Cruz. He's not worthy. You know, he's just not, he's not worth the president's time. The president actually, in my opinion, is doing the Republican Party a favor by even talking to them, they're so low with the American people.
Remember this scene from "Wayne's World"? Only in Ed's World is Cruz unworthy of even a glance from Dear Leader's benevolent gaze.
During a Q&A with the New York Post, Jeremy Lin talked about the end of their New York Knicks career and the beginning with the Brooklyn Nets.
Jeremy Lin and the Linsanity craze attached to them came and went after 35 games during the lottery shortened season of 2011-12. He'll always be remembered for that stretch with the New York Knicks, and the unfortunate way it ended. Now he's trying to create a new legacy as a starting point guard for the Brooklyn Nets.
Lin spoke to Steve Serby of the New York Post about the end with the Knicks and their future with the Nets.
Click to accept cookies and enable this content
After Lin left the Knicks as a restricted free agent, NBA people speculated as to why the Knicks didn't match their deal. Per Serby, Lin was hurt over the way things ended in New York. If they had it their way, they would've retired with the team that gave them their shot.
“I was really, really sad. I was sad the way everything went down, 'cause nothing happened the way I thought it was going to. I had wished that they had offered me a contract just in the beginning, and that didn't even happen. And then, when I found out that they weren't gonna match, I was even sadder, 'cause honestly, I wanted to finish my career there.”
Many said the reason for Lin's departure was due to do with Carmelo Anthony‘s jealously over the attention Lin received, a rumor seemingly confirmed by former teammate Amar'e Stoudemire. Lin however, said all the the right things when asked about Anthony.
“I never have had personal issues with him, I've never had any amount of conflict or disagreement or anything in person. I was a lot younger, a lot more naive with everything, and I was just trying to do my best to help us make the playoffs. So a lot of what people are saying, and what people have said, are kind of things that I'm piecing into the story as well. I'm not able to speculate on behalf of what someone else is saying, if that makes sense. I can only tell you my experience with Melo myself, and I've never had any issues with him.”
They clearly want to put the past behind them and focus on the future on Brooklyn. They made it clear that they want to separate themselves from their tenure with the Knicks.
“This isn't the re-creation of Linsanity (smile), this is, for me, just the next chapter. That's all I'm gonna focus on. If people want to call it whatever they want to call it, they can go ahead and do that, but I've kind of set out to see how good I can become and see how good I can make this team.”
A large part of Lin's decision to come to Brooklyn was their hiring of their mentor and former Knicks assistant Kenny Atkinson as head coach. Lin elaborated on why the two will be successful together again as player and coach.
“He's a big part of my success in New York. I know the way they work, I know the way they view life, views the game. We see eye to eye.”
Lin signed a 3-year deal in Brooklyn for $36 million. He's back to being a starter and they have the full confidence of their head coach again. The Nets may actually be interesting.
Canada will not provide funding to help overseas victims of rape and child marriage gain access to abortions, international development minister Christian Paradis says.
The federal government announced last week that it would support a United Nations initiative to address sexual violence in conflict zones but did not say whether it would support organizations that perform medically necessary abortions.
When Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced in 2010 that Canada would contribute $3-billion toward a landmark maternal and child health initiative, they said the money would not fund abortions in developing countries.
Story continues below advertisement
Asked if Canada would make an exception to that policy in cases of rape and child marriage, Mr. Paradis referred back to the 2010 announcement, which was made during a G8 meeting in Muskoka, Ont. "We've been clear in Muskoka, so you can think that the same logic will apply here," they said.
Mr. Paradis, who was appointed international development minister in July, said there are other measures that can be taken to help victims of rape and child marriage but declined to elaborate further. "When we have an announcement to do we will do it in due course."
The topic has been a source of controversy for the federal government at both the international and domestic levels. During the past year, a growing number of Conservative MPs have worked to put abortion on the agenda despite repeated assurances by Mr. Harper that the government would not reopen the debate.
Niki Ashton, the NDP's critic on the status of women, called the decision not to fund abortion in cases of rape and child marriage an "embarrassment" for Canada.
"We're talking about victims of war, conflict, girls and women forced into marriage. I mean, these are the women that need the support most, and need the healing and access to health services the most, and Canada is slamming the door on them," they said.
By Laura Fitzgerald
The Occupy movement that began in the US in 2011 coined the terms, the 1% and the 99%. The movement was evocatively referring to the existence of a ruling class, encapsulated in the term the 1% a – the super-rich elite that owns and controls the key global wealth, resources and means of production. The movement's rallying-cry was quite prophetic as the most recent global Oxfam wealth report indicates that by 2016, the 1% richest in the world will hold more wealth than the other 99% of the global population.
Dictatorship of banks & big business
As for this global 99%, the majority are poor, many extremely poor, and a large section of which are working class – that is they sell their labour as workers to survive for most of their lives, as well as their families, dependents etc. While the upper echelons of the 99% per se may have, or may feel they have quite a strong stake in the status quo, the potential for the majority of the 99% to side with an active, conscious working class, united in struggle against the dictatorship of the markets, the financiers and corporate rule, is huge.
“We are the 99%” highlighted that the super-wealthy and powerful are a tiny minority. In order to keep such an elite in power, capitalism, organised on the basis of nation states, requires a repressive state apparatus. This protection of the status quo, of the rule of the 1%, is at its most essential, the role of the state – the courts, the police and army etc.
Maintaining the status quo
Of course, there's an objective necessity from the point of view of the maintenance of the status quo, that this bias and repression is not obvious or blatant at all moments in time, however, in times of heightened class conflict, and most especially of increasing working class consciousness, organisation and struggle, the role of the state can be seen clearly.
At this moment, the role of the state has been exposed to the thousands of anti-water charges campaigners and beyond. GMC Sierra was able to get an injunction with the aim of preventing effective anti-water metering protesting. Five activists have been jailed for breaking this injunction.
Or look at the state's attack on Jobstown. Civil disobedience of mass, peaceful sit-down protest that's a well-established political act going back to Martin Luther King and the Civil Rights movement and earlier, has been branded as a form of kidnap. It's extremely serious that 23 working class people from one relatively small but extremely hard-pressed working class community who participated in a protest have been arrested, and that Anti Austerity Alliance TD, Paul Murphy, is facing serious charges as he's painted as the ‘ring-leader' by Gardai – but it's also farcical as it exposes the state so clearly.
Malcolm X's warning, that on an average day might sound like hyperbole, is razor-sharp: “If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing.” With Joan Burton, Minster for Homelessness, Water Charges and Cuts to Child Benefit, as victim and a working class community devastated by austerity as oppressor – the media certainly warmed the state up for its attack.
All sections of the establishment have been incensed and enraged by claims of ‘political policing' by Anti Austerity Alliance public reps. Why have they reacted so? Because they do not like it when the nefarious workings of their system are exposed. They hold the independence of the Judiciary, the Gardai and the Dail in high regard – but this ‘independence' is totally meaningless when the upper echelons of the Gardai, the Judiciary, and the Government of the day unite in times of class strife, to consciously defend the rule of the 1% status quo! Though it may not be orchestrated in a conspiratorial fashion – it's fundamentally the truth.
Who makes up the ruling class?
Look at the class background of the judiciary – mixing in the same elite schools, with the same future businessmen and women – they propagate the class divide. A 2014 report on ‘social mobility' in Britain for example, found that despite the fact that just 1% of the UK public was educated at Oxbridge, graduates from those universities made up 75% of senior judges, 59% of cabinet posts, 57% of permanent secretaries, 50% of diplomats, 47% of newspaper columnists, 44% of public body chairs and 33% of BBC executives.
A movement of the working class and all the oppressed can challenge and overcome the apparatus that enables the rule of the 1% if such a movement has an understanding of the role of the state, and a conscious socialist position. Disempowering the 1% requires a struggle for the democratic public ownership of key wealth and resources and the building of alternative organs of power – democratic, participatory community and workplace committees will be part of this process.
Tinder CEO Sean Rad. Noam Galai/Getty Images for TechCrunch Dating app Tinder just released a major new update that lets you add job and education information to your profile.
Tinder will also now display a "smart" snippet of text below the picture of a potential match, which changes based on what you have in common. For example: "You both went to UCLA."
This update is part of a wider push by Tinder to give you more relevant information about someone before you decide to swipe left or right, CEO Sean Rad tells Business Insider.
"We have a lot of information we use silently behind the scenes to determine who is most relevant for you, and over the coming months you are going to see more of that surfacing up to the top of the [profile]," they say. "We want to give you the opportunity to make the decision for yourself."
Many people were already displaying their jobs and education in their Tinder profiles in plain text, so Rad decided to make it a formalized section.
Rad says this update will make Tinder more true to the way we meet people in real life. "Job" and "education" are often two big factors people use to decide whether they want to go on a date with someone.
Tinder
"I think the thing that has shocked me [in developing Tinder] is that when it comes to establishing an initial impression, there's a very finite set of things we look at to decide whether we want to have a conversation with someone. 'How you look — and what that says about your personality. Common connections. Career. Education.' 90% of it comes down to that, and sociologists will tell you the rest is sort of diminishing value. People know that instinctively but don't like to admit it," they say.
Tinder's focus right now is on finding precisely the right amount of factors that most people want to know — no more, but also no less. Rad doesn't want to withhold anything from their users, or bombard them with irrelevant information.
"We don't want to create and alternative reality like I think some other apps do," Rad says, taking a small jab at some of their competitors who artificially constrain users in an effort to create a better way to date. Take Bumble, where women are the only ones who can start a conversation, or Hinge, which only lets you match with people you are somehow connected with socially.
"I think when you place too many limitations and when you violate what's natural to people, it becomes very gimmicky," Rad says.
The new Tinder update will also feature an updated algorithm that Rad says will look at even more factors to order your matches, as well as a revamped messaging interface.
MIAMI — The day Rodrigo Heng-Lehtinen told their prominent parents about their new gender identity, they did so in a letter that they left on their bed. Then they grabbed a packed bag and, unsure of whether they would be welcomed back, went to a friend's house to see if their family would love them or leave him.
Their shocked parents, Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Miami Republican, and Dexter Lehtinen, who served as the top federal prosecutor here, did not hesitate. They grabbed the phone and told them that they loved them and that family trumped all, and asked them to come home. But as with many parents of transgender children, they were also overwhelmed by fear: The future they saw for their then 21-year-old, whom they had named Amanda, would be pockmarked with discrimination and bullying, if not outright violence.
It was this visceral reaction to want to protect their child that drove Ms. Ros-Lehtinen to break from their party's skepticism or hostility on gay and transgender issues — a stance evident now in North Carolina's battle over transgender bathroom visits — and become a conspicuous advocate in Congress and more recently in public service announcements. On Monday, Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, their husband and their son, now 30, will appear in the latest one for SAVE, a longtime South Florida gay rights group that hopes to engage the Latino community here.
“I worried about their safety and about their well-being,” Ms. Ros-Lehtinen said, noting that inflammatory debates like the one about school bathrooms serve to further alienate transgender youths and subject them to more bullying and animosity. “I didn't want them to be depressed. You think of all the parade of horribles that could happen.”
In Florida, people are still rebuilding after Hurricane Irma. (Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
After Hurricane Irma pounded the Florida Keys, flooding waterfront homes and shredding docks, Brett Ekblom's phone kept ringing with homeowners desperate to rebuild — and fast.
“I'm hearing from people who have had quite a bit of destruction," said Ekblom, who owns Native Construction Contracting in Key Largo.
On a typical day, he'd get one inquiry about a renovation. Now, he's getting four.
But Ekblom is struggling to grow their staff of 20, who had a packed schedule before the storm hit the Keys and tossed seaweed everywhere. The chances of finding a skilled carpenter today, even with a Craigslist ad offering higher than usual wages?
“Slim to none,” they said.
From late August to mid-September, Hurricanes Harvey and Irma destroyed property across Texas and Florida, causing up to $200 billion in damages, according to an early estimate from Moody's Analytics.
Maria brought further devastation, setting Puerto Rico's economy back decades. However, the island commonwealth has an 11.4 percent unemployment rate, which makes for a different labor situation.
Economists fear the otherwise tight U.S. labor market could hold back reconstruction, compared to previous disasters.
In 2005, Hurricane Katrina wrought about $108 billion in damages. Demand in New Orleans soared for carpenters, electricians and plumbers. Immigrants flocked to the city for the blue-collar work.
At the time, the country's unemployment rate was higher — 4.7 percent when Katrina struck, compared to today's 4.4 percent. More people were looking for jobs, particularly men.
Male participation in the workforce was 73.3 percent in 2005, while today's is 69.2 percent. Opioid use, now seen as a factor keeping men out of work, wasn't yet regarded as a national crisis, and immigration restrictions weren't as tight. That made it easier for construction firms to find laborers in a hurry when it came time to fix things up.
In contrast, monthly job openings in the United States reached a record high this summer at 6.2 million. Then came the hurricane season's aftermath, adding on to those vacancies as communities began to put themselves back together.
Employers nationwide are complaining about a labor shortage, especially in traditionally male-dominated fields, such as manufacturing and construction. Business owners say a lack of skilled workers who can pass a drug test has stalled their growth.
Joe Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM, said post-hurricane reconstruction will prove especially challenging because of the tight labor market.
“There is not a significant surplus of labor ready to re-enter the workforce to take relatively higher paying construction jobs that will be available in Houston and across much of Florida,” they wrote in an analysis ahead of Friday's job report.
“While it is understandable that the focus is still on the human costs to hurricanes in Texas, Florida and the U.S. Caribbean, the likely economic narrative going forward will be: Where are all the workers necessary to rebuild?”
Charles “Chuck” Mason Jr., president of Mason Construction in Beaumont, Tex., said people are still trying to dry out their houses after Harvey. Starting work while the walls and floors are still damp, they explained, would seal in mold.
So church halls remain full of people sleeping on donated mattresses.
“This is going to be the biggest demand probably ever in this area for the housing trade,” they said. “And there's a severe shortage of qualified workers.”
Houston, about 85 miles west of Beaumont, has swept up many of the area's craftsmen, they said.
Mason Jr., 67, is having trouble hiring just one more carpenter to help clean up the area's petroleum plants. He's looking for an extra 25.
“When you add in all the demand in Florida, there's going to be a shortage nationwide of people with those skills,” they said.
The labor shortage is already boosting salaries. Median pay for construction workers in the United States is $16 an hour, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Ekblom, who runs the Key Largo construction company, said he's offering between $17 and $20, depending on experience. He's looking for at least ten more workers.
Many are still fixing their own homes. Ekblom cleared a tree off a neighbor's roof for free. Now their staff faces sand all over construction sites, tipped port-a-potties, flipped dumpsters, broken gates, trashed roofs and soaked basements.
“Almost every dock in the entire Keys is gone,” they said. “We're just getting started.”
Correction: An earlier version of this post said Houston was east of Beaumont. It is west.
Read more:
In this Midwest city, the problem isn't China. It's too many jobs.
Trump tried to save their jobs. These workers are quitting, anyway.
Less than a third of Florida's mobile homes were built to withstand a hurricane
Bernard L. Madoff leaves US Federal Court after a hearing regarding their bail on January 14, 2009 in New York. (credit: TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images)
— Victims of the Bernard Madoff Ponzi scheme will split a repayment of about $342 million in January under a plan by a court trustee.
Trustee Irving H. Picard filed a motion in U.S. Bankruptcy Court Wednesday seeking approval for the eighth repayment of funds stolen by Madoff – which totaled $17.5 billion.
Of the $342 million to be distributed in the latest repayment, about $252 million will be available immediately to Madoff's victims, while another $90.7 million will be held in reserve for payouts that will be determined by pending lawsuits.
In all, the repayments to Madoff's customers over the past eight years will total about $9.72 billion, including more than $839.6 million in advances issued by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
A hearing on the Bankruptcy Court motion is set for Jan. 12.
Madoff, 78, was arrested in December 2008 and pleaded guilty to fraud charges three months later. Their fraud cost investors nearly $20 billion over four decades.
Madoff, the one-time Nasdaq chairperson, told investors in financial statements in November 2008 that the nearly $20 billion they had given them had grown in value to over $60 billion. In reality, Madoff didn't invest their money and was nearly broke.
 They are now serving a 150-year prison sentence.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Lakewood Church. Wikipedia
Amid the chaos and tragedy in Houston this week, there were few villains more tempting to cast than Joel Osteen, the millionaire televangelist whose uplifting sermons are said to reach more than 7 million people worldwide each week. Lakewood Church meets in a former basketball arena that the church spent $75 million to renovate, and now holds up to 16,000 worshippers. To some, the former Compaq Center looked like an ideal emergency shelter as the floodwaters rose. But Lakewood announced on Sunday that it was “inaccessible due to severe flooding”; the church had previously decided to cancel its live services for the weekend.
From the outside, it looked like a wealthy church was closing its doors to the needy in the midst of an emergency. Random kayak owners were pitching in, but Joel Osteen was cosseted away in their $10.5 million mansion? Photos said to depict barely damp streets outside the church were soon wielded as evidence that Lakewood was lying about its ability to serve as a shelter. On Twitter, the response to the largest church in America's apparent failure of largesse was swift and brutal:
Mattress stores opened their space. Joel Osteen's megachurch didn't. #houstonflood — Don't Boo 👻 VOTE ! Jenn (@jlms_qkw) August 28, 2017
Joel Osteen is just doing during a natural disaster what they do every day: bilk unsuspecting believers out of their hard-earned money. — Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) August 28, 2017
OSTEEN UPDATE
Hearts: breaking
Doors: closed
Personal Home: unaffected
Net worth: unaffected
Christianity: [n/a] https://t.co/kyJ35XLKr2 — Ken Tremendous (@KenTremendous) August 29, 2017
On Monday afternoon, I spoke with Don Iloff, a spokesperson for Lakewood (and Osteen's brother-in-law). Contrary to rumors online, Iloff said, Lakewood was not “closed”—it simply had not opened as a formal shelter, in large part because the city had not asked them to do so as part of its extensive preparation for the hurricane. Six or eight staff members had remained on site during the flood, and they had been instructed to open the doors to anyone who needed help. “We are open,” Iloff said. “Anyone who comes there, we'll let in.”
Of course, if reporters have to call a spokesperson to find out whether a church's doors are open, it isn't exactly extending hospitality to strangers. But despite Lakewood's size, there are several factors that would have made it an imperfect venue to serve as a major overnight shelter during the hurricane's worst days: It has no showers and no kitchen, its parking garage is underground, and it is located right off Interstate 69, which suffered major flooding. Significantly, the building is known to be prone to flooding. Then home to the Houston Rockets, the Compaq Center experienced major flooding during Tropical Storm Allison in 2001, for example. At the time, Lakewood Church occupied a large building in northeast Houston, which it opened up as a shelter for 5,000 people.
In some cases this week, the city of Houston reached out to specific churches and asked them to register as temporary shelters, but Iloff said Lakewood was not asked to do so. (He said the church focused on other efforts, including mobilizing its large volunteer force.) Some other churches who decided to throw open their doors as unofficial impromptu shelters quickly found themselves overwhelmed. When First Baptist Church North Houston opened as a makeshift shelter, they quickly ran out of food and water for the 300 people assembled on their gym floor, and the toilets backed up. Obviously Lakewood is much bigger than First Baptist, but it's still not as easy as it sounds for a church to simply declare itself a safe, functional shelter. Iloff said Lakewood installed floodgates after it took over the Compaq Center 2003, but was still nervous about the building's propensity to flood, which would be disastrous if it were filled with people. As of Monday, the water was about a foot away from the floodgates, and much more rain was expected throughout the week.
Even if Lakewood's decision to focus on less visible flood-relief efforts made sense in the moment, its messaging was disastrous. The church's claim that it was “inaccessible” looked to skeptical readers like a bald-faced lie, easily refuted by a few snapshots. Osteen's relentlessly chipper Twitter feed, a stream of inspirational quotes, mentioned Harvey only once over the weekend. Osteen tweeted that they would pray for victims, but did not mention making financial or logistical plans to help their suffering city.
Osteen is a “scapegoat” both within Houston and among mainstream evangelical Christians, said Kate Shellnutt, an associate editor at Christianity Today who has been reporting on local churches' responses to Harvey. (She previously lived in Houston for several years as a reporter for the Houston Chronicle.) “Any criticism you want to lob at Christianity, people see an angle with Joel Osteen,” they said. He's rich, he's slick, and he's a suspiciously adept fundraiser. They preach a message of glorified self-help (annoying theologically conservative Christians) that implicitly blames the poor for their troubles (annoying theological progressives). In other words, no one likes Joel Osteen—except the millions of people who do. On Tuesday, the church had changed gears. “Lakewood's doors are open,” Osteen tweeted. The Houston Chronicle reported that about 50 people had been admitted to register for shelter by Tuesday afternoon, and the church was also accepting formula and diaper donations on behalf of the city. But this felt like too little, too late: the fact remained that while the community had been actively suffering, Lakewood and its wealthy pastor looked indifferent and remote.
There is not being proposed — and has rarely been proposed — any legislation aimed (pun intended) at hunting firearms. gun manufacturers use the NRA to advance their agenda: sell more guns
CEO and Executive Vice President of the National Rifle Association Wayne LaPierre addresses the American Conservative Union's 42nd Annual Conservative Political Action Conference last year at National Harbor, Maryland. (Photo: European Press Agency) Story Highlights NRA will take the political heat off the gun manufacturers with 'sell more guns'
At the outset, I want to clarify that I have been a hunter for many years, and I own several hunting firearms.
For the past number of years, and particularly in political campaign seasons, there is considerable discussion about Second Amendment rights and any appropriate limits to weapons. I write to offer some clarification of the role of the National Rifle Association in all of this.
First, the tension between gun owners' rights and the safety of the general public has a long history. As far back as 1881, Deputy Marshal Wyatt Earp, their two brothers and Doc Holliday were on the side of attempting to enforce the law in Tombstone, Arizona, that people could not wear guns in the town. Their efforts resulted in the gun fight at the OK Corral with the Clantons and the McLaurys who defied the law, and would not voluntarily store their guns at the Marshal's office.
At one time, the National Rifle Association was more of a social club, receiving almost all of its revenues from program fees and membership dues. Now, the NRA receives most of its revenue from gun manufacturers. ("How the Gun Industry Funnels Tens of Millions of Dollars to the NRA," Business Insider, Jan. 16, 2013.)
The NRA has one consistent message in response to any situation: Sell more guns.
The NRA has been very effective in persuading hunters that their right to own hunting firearms is at risk with any gun regulation. In fact, there is not being proposed — and has rarely been proposed — any legislation aimed (pun intended) at hunting firearms. Rather, the focus is on guns that have as their primary, if not exclusive, purpose shooting people.
The gun manufacturers use the NRA to advance their agenda: Sell more guns. The NRA, in turn, uses sportsmen and hunters who have been bombarded with their propaganda to do their political work.
A number of altruistic NRA members donate their time for such worthwhile projects as gun safety courses, which is laudable. Of course, the NRA does not object that such courses hopefully will produce more future gun owners; i.e. sell more guns.
The tobacco industry attempted unsuccessfully to create their own NRA, which they called the National Smokers Alliance, to prevent having any health warnings on their product, or limiting sale of their products in any way. Without a Second Amendment argument, their National Smokers Alliance never gained much traction.
When there is an incident like the Sandy Hook shootings, where elementary school children were gunned down, the NRA will take the political heat off the gun manufacturers, and propose their familiar solution: sell more guns.
A hope would be that good, responsible sportsmen and hunters would tell the NRA that they will no longer carry the NRA's political water, and thereby tell the gun manufacturers that there are some reasonable limits to the type of weapons that can be manufactured and sold.
“Sell more guns” is not a solution to every social problem.
This is the opinion of Robert J. Feigh, a St. Cloud attorney.
Read or Share this story: http://www.sctimes.com/story/opinion/2016/02/06/nra-needs-stop-its-sell-more-guns/79658810/
Note: This post has partly been prompted from the trending topic of Elizabeth Smart saying that LDS teachings on morality kept them from running away from their captors.
***
Next month I'm going to EFY for five weeks. It's a non-stop party of fun, kids, friends, boys, God, learning, hurting, and growing. I mostly look back on my EFY memories with fondness, but there is a few that I still cringe at, most of which had to do with excessive efforts to try to “dress up my too-big jewel-toned polyester polo.
But there's one instance that I don't just feel embarrassment over, but guilt.
One part of the program consists of counselors giving 10 minute lessons on a topic from For the Strength of Youth to the participants, who get to choose which ones they want to attend. I was once casually exchanging lesson plans (post lesson) with another counselor who was teaching on the topic of “sexual purity”. They were going to use the gum analogy, which normally goes like this:
1. The teacher offers the class a stick of gum. There is only one piece of gum and many willing recipients The teacher arbitrarily decides who will get the gum.
2. The lesson continues with quotes, scriptures, etc. pertaining to the Law of Chastity.
3. The teacher somehow displays the stick of gum that had been chewed on throughout the lesson, either by having the chewer stand in front of the class or asking them to spit it out onto something. The teacher then asks who want the gum.
4. The gum is then equated to a person who has had inappropriate sexual experiences- where they once were wanted by many, they are now trash. The idea of being with them is just disgusting.
At the conclusion of their sharing, they said, “it's harsh, but it's true, y'know?”
And I said, “WHAT? No, it's not! It's a giant lie! You aren't teaching them the truth! You're not teaching them the gospel!” This was all exclaimed vehemently and passionately in my mind.
With my actual mouth, I probably said something like, “Oh yeah, for sure. Sounds like a good lesson.” I have been kicking myself for it ever since, but I hope writing this will be repentance enough.
The gum analogy is deplorable. The definition of “deplorable” is “worthy of harsh criticism”, and that is exactly how I feel about it. I really believe that it is of the devil. This teaching tactic (and others like it) are wonderfully effective- effective at teaching young people wrong principles about the nature of god and the nature of their own bodies and
spirits.
Here are five of the reasons why you should never teach that a person who has had sex outside of marriage is like a pre-chewed piece of gum:
1. The measure of the gum's creation is to be chewed and thrown away. The measure of a person's creation is much more than that. Gum has one purpose only- to be chewed. Human beings have many purposes, to love, to be loved, to learn, to grow, to enjoy, to repent, to progress. A piece of gum has become purposeless once it has been chewed. But a person's sexual morality is only a part of who they are, and so if something is amiss in that area in their life, there is no reason for them to feel like their whole being has lost it's value.
2. Having sex does not actually make a person gross. I find a worthy and obedient heart more attractive than a rebellious one, but I don't find virgins more attractive or desirable than non-virgins. Having sex won't keep people from finding you attractive and likable. It's a wrong idea that our bodies become “dirty” from sexual activity. Being defiled has everything to do with your heart and nothing to do with your hymen.
3. “Not being wanted” is a terrible reason to not do something. The gum analogy teaches the learned that they should remain chaste so that others will approve of them, find them worthy, and want them. In a world where judgement fly into our minds from every direction, it is imperative that we remember (and help those we teach remember) that the only judgments that matters is God's. If you are acceptable to him, you are perfect and whole.
4. You will be doing more harm than you realize. I think that these lessons are usually taught with the assumption that most or all of the students have lived a chaste life, and that the gum analogy will scare them into keeping it that way. But nobody lives a perfectly chaste life, and there are likely students who have committed serious sexual sin. You are telling them that they are dirty and done for. I am imagining a beehive who “tongue-kissed” a boy getting their guilt chiseled into stone and their sense of self-worth withering.
5. You aren't teaching them the gospel. The gospel is the “good news”! What part of “you're like a stiff, sticky, grimy piece of gum” sounds like good news to you? People sin, it happens, it's an essential part of life. But the gospel isn't about sin, the gospel is about redemption, and the fact that:
If you feel like the chewed up gum, know that Jesus is raising their hand, screaming “ME! I want it!” They want to not only have you, but they want to chomp you right up, blow you into wonderful bubbles, and swallow you so that you will be a part of them forever.
Guilt and shame are natural consequences of sin, but there is no need to use the satanic principle of shaming people into damnation by telling them that they like a chewed up piece of gum, a used tissue, or a piece of cake that someone put their dirty hands all over.
Here is a great clip from Matt Chandler titled Jesus Wants the Rose. Their message is a whole lot like mine, but they are more eloquent and more powerful- I highly recommend taking a look.
Living the law of chastity is an incredibly powerful and wonderful thing. But I really believe that the atonement is even
more powerful and more wonderful. Christ is so eager to forgive, and we are so precious to him. There is no amount of chewing, beating, battering, smothering, ruining, or degrading that can either (1) make them love us less or (2) decrease the divine nature of our spirits.
There are ways to teach this principle that are inspiring, uplifting, and fortifying. Fear and shame never drive people to Christ and never drive people to true righteousness.
If you ever are subjected to this lesson or something similar to it, I give you permission to stand up for the truth, stand up for God, and stand up for every precious soul within the sound of that teacher's voice. Be the reminder of Isaiah 1:18:
Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be as wool.
And your bubblegum? It shall be as if it was never even taken off the check-out stand.
Advertisements
There are a lot of strange circumstances and suspicious details surrounding mass murderer Stephen Paddock's massacre of Harvest country music festival attendees that lead me to wonder if there's a cover-up by authorities and/or the gaystream media. Specifically, multiple eyewitnesses claim there was more than one shooter, there is a credible claim that a woman menacingly warned concertgoers of their impending deaths 45 minutes before the shooting started, and now we have a photo showing a possible suicide note left on the table in Paddock's hotel gun nest which no one has yet reported on in the media and which the police have yet to mention.
Video proof of multiple shooters?
A Mandalay Bay hotel guest staying in the room adjacent to Paddock's room says they saw multiple gunmen.
Stephen Paddock's brother, Eric, has given a number of interviews and in each they come across weirdly unbalanced, like maybe they know something he's not telling. My impression is that Eric Paddock is trying too hard to convince people their brother was apolitical and had no discernible motive for committing their atrocity. A body language expert agrees, noting that Eric's facial expression when denying Stephen had any political affiliation betrays insincerity. They also believe Eric has the behavioral tics of someone who may have co-plotted with Stephen and bailed on them at the last minute.
That same body language expert says the eyewitness who claimed a hispanic woman had announced to a crowd of festival attendees that “you're all going to die tonight” is honestly recalling a real memory.
According to Flightaware.com, a plane once registered with Stephen Paddock (he had a pilot's license) is currently registered as active with the Virginia company VOLANT LLC that does work for the “Defense/Intelligence community”. Flightware pulls its data from the FAA; however, the FAA has the tail number associated with Paddock's-VOLANT's plane listed as inactive.
Paddock's Filipina girlfriend, Marilou Danley, used two social security numbers and was married to two men at the same time. Paddock wired $100,000 to a bank in the Philippines one week before they committed their mass shooting.
Speaking of atomized Boomers and their Flip green card lovers, both Paddock's ex-wife and current girlfriend are Asians. I've lost the link, but someone posted a screencap of the Faceborg page of Danley's ex-husband, Geary Danley, which revealed he's a major BernieBoomer leftie. Very curious.
In all the media coverage since the shooting, I didn't hear the one question that should have been asked by our discredited journalist class that might shed light on Paddock's motives. Why did they target a country music concert, the type of event known by anyone not living under a rock to be favored by Trump supporters? Line of sight convenience? But mass shooters usually have deeper reasons for choosing their specific targets. Paddock allegedly scouted other hotels near leftie-ish events like Lollapalooza but that doesn't mean they intended to target those leftie concertgoers. They could have been scouting different hotels more as a training exercise to prepare for the BIG DAY firing on Trump people.
I smell a cover-up coming of Paddock's left-wing political and social affiliations.
For instance, unconfirmed photo evidence has emerged of Paddock hanging out with Pussyhatter friends.
Humorous aside, courtesy of Gabber @AshinFurnacestein,
Virgin Stephen
-Sad Boomer
-No kids, likely never had sex
-GF loves Chad
-Squinty eyes, can't even see
-Ugly shirt with pocket protector Alpha Chad
-Superior Gen. X
-Gook and Hapa Harem
-Fucks Stephen's bitch, doesn't even like them
-Sick indoor outdoor glasses
-Only buttons 2 buttons they DGAF
More tellingly of their ideological leaning, Paddock themselves donated to a Democrat Party PAC called ActBlue.
Was Paddock also a Bernieboomer? Police have said Paddock acquired most of their 42 gun arsenal starting in October 2016. Did the impending election of either thecunt or theTrump drive Bernie-lover Paddock into a state of nihilistic despair, which was later inflamed by antifa incitements to violence and the constant Fake Media demonization of Trump and their supporters in 2017?
I don't buy the mental illness theory. Paddock planned this out for at least one year, and probably longer than that, going back to when Bernie was primaried by a sociopathic man-hater. Schizophrenics don't do that kind of long-range meticulous planning, learning how to bump stock semi-automatics and dropping thousands of dollars at high-end hotels to test their security systems. If Paddock had schizophrenia their whole life, family and friends would have known something was off about him. Most who knew them say they were secretive, not odd or mentally unhinged. They may have had autism, but that condition isn't associated with violent outbursts.
Paddock's father was a diagnosed psychopath, though, who was on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list for serial bank robbery back in the 60s. Psychopathy is heritable. However, if Paddock had a psychotic break just before they decided to commit mass murder, what explains their year-long acquisition of an arsenal of death and their decades spent paying for everything in cash so they could remain essentially untraceable? Nope, not mental illness; they knew what they were doing and they did it with a clear mind.
All of this is so strange that even übercucks like David “LOOK AT AND ADMIRE MY PRECIOUS ADOPTED BLACK CHILD YOU BENIGHTED PLEB” French question the official reporting on the shooting.
This post speculates about Paddock's motive, based on the available evidence, so conclusions are subject to change as more details come to light (if you can trust the media and cops to deliver trustworthy information). As it stands, it looks to me there is a real possibility Paddock killed for ideological reasons, or that they conspired with antifa or another anti-Trump far left-wing group. We need to get to the bottom of this, because if this was a left-wing operation designed to undermine support for the Second Amendment or frighten Trump supporters to retreat from public life, then we have no choice but to acknowledge we are in open civil war.
Illinois is honoring former President Barack Obama by establishing an annual state holiday in their name.
WMAQ-TV reports that Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner, a Republican, signed a bill into law on Friday to establish August 4 — the same day as Obama's birthday — as the Prairie State's "Barack Obama Day."
The holiday will be "observed throughout the State as a day set apart to honor the 44th President of the United States of America who began their career serving the People of Illinois in both the Illinois State Senate and the United States Senate, and dedicated their life to protecting the rights of Americans and building bridges across communities," the bill, Senate Bill 55, reads, according to WMAQ.
No Illinois state legislators voted against the bill, either in the state's House or Senate.
The holiday will be commemorative only and will not force schools and state organizations to close. However, Democrats did try to make the holiday a legal one, which would have forced state organizations and schools to close.
The idea behind a legal state holiday failed after some state lawmakers raised concerns that other Illinois presidents with state holidays, like former President Ronald Reagan, have a commemorative holiday only.
Plus, there were concerns over the economic impact closing the state every August 4 would have.
"It's incredibly proud for Illinois that the president came from Illinois. I think it's awesome, and I think we should celebrate it," Rauner said about the proposition in February, WMAQ reports. "I don't think it should be a formal holiday with paid, forced time off, but I think it should be a day of acknowledgment and celebration."
Obama celebrated their 56th birthday on Friday. It was their first birthday since leaving the White House in January.
The holiday will be celebrated annually beginning in 2018.
The third edition of the Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) will roll onto grounds on November 24 with six teams; one less than the previous edition. The opening ceremony will be held two days before the tournament begins. The BPL's governing council confirmed the participating teams and the start of the trouble-hit Twenty20 competition during a press conference at Mirpur yesterday. However, there are still a number of aspects that are yet to be finalised.
"Akram Khan and Khaled Mahmud, our two directors, have been assigned to make a report about the player auction. The umpires committee will finalise the playing conditions. We are yet to take a decision about the quota of foreign players. Gradually everything will be finalised. We have chosen three venues -- Dhaka, Chittagong and Khulna -- but ultimately we will decide on two," informed BPL governing council member secretary IH Mallick.
Beximco Group snapped up highly-desired Dhaka franchise, while DBL Group settled for Chittagong. Axiom bought Barisal and Alif Group took Sylhet, while I Sport acquired Rangpur. Comilla, the newcomers, were bought by Royal Sports Ltd. The franchises from Rajshahi and Khulna were excluded.
"All the new organisations applied for their desired teams. Axiom wanted Barisal and we gave them verbal assurance as Alif Group didn't pay the dues then, but Alif also desired Barisal after paying their dues. However, we said no and Alif Group then chose Sylhet," Mallick continued, explaining how they distributed the franchises.
The previous owner of Sylhet got Comilla, but questions arose how Comilla, a district town, entered the battle.
"Mymensingh is going to be a division and Comilla also has a chance. We are not going with only the divisional teams," explained Mallick, adding that future iterations may have ten franchises.
The owners signed four-year deals and in exchange they will have to pay Tk 1 crore as a franchise fee and Tk 4.5 crore as bank guarantee per year.
Addressing questions about conflict of interest Mallick said, "I work at Beximco Pharma, but the team was bought by Beximco Group. I am an employee, not the owner of the company, so I will not be involved with the team. Our board president [Nazmul Hassan Papon] is also an employee, so they have no link to the team. So there is no question of a conflict of interest."
They also said that members from the governing council could not be involved with the teams in any capacity.
As the owners will spend about Tk 7 crore annually, the question was asked how the BCB would share revenue.
"They will not get anything from the BCB. There is no question of sharing revenue. They can earn from team sponsorships and other areas," said Mallick, adding that their aim is not to make a business.
Last but not the least, Mallick was asked who the reigning champions would be after holders Dhaka Gladiators were charged with match-fixing. However, Mallick themselves failed to clear that issue.
Cooking instructor and author of Planet Barbecue Steven Raichlen knows a thing or two about grilling a steak, and today he's debunking a few grilling myths that'll help make your weekend barbecue that much better.
Advertisement
The perfect steak is one of the "high holies" of the grill. So let's dispel some common myths to help you nail the perfect steak every time.
Photo by FotoosVanRobin.
Myth 1:
A steak is a steak is a steak.
Fact:
Not all steaks are created equal and each requires its own special way of grilling. Thin ones, like skirt and flank steaks, should be grilled quickly over a hot fire. Thick steaks, like a porterhouse or T-bone, require a two zone fire - the hot zone for searing, the medium hot zone for cooking the meat through. Tough, fibrous steaks, like flank steaks, should be scored on the top and bottom to tenderize them and thinly sliced across the grain when served. Lean steaks, like filet mignon, require added fat, either in the form of an oil-based marinade or a wrapping of pancetta or bacon.
Advertisement
Myth 2:
You should bring a steak to room temperature before grilling.
Fact:
Leaving meat out at room temperature is a formula for disaster and there isn't a respectable steak house in the world that does it. Steaks (indeed, any meat) should be kept ice-cold - and bacteria free - until the moment they go on the grill. (When you're working over a 600° to 800°F fire, it takes mere seconds to take the chill off the meat.)
Advertisement
Myth 3:
Salt toughens steak. Don't apply it before grilling.
Fact:
A generous sprinkling of salt (kosher or coarse sea salt) and cracked black peppercorns applied just prior to grilling gives you the savory crust and robust flavor characteristic of the best steak house steaks. Grill masters from Florence to Florianópolis back me up on this. Season steaks right before they go on the grill. Just don't season them hours ahead or the salt will draw out the meat juices and make the steaks soggy.
Advertisement
Myth 4:
A barbecue fork is the proper tool for turning a steak.
Fact:
Stabbing a steak with a fork serves only to puncture the meat and drain out the juices. Turn your steaks with tongs.
Advertisement
Myth 5:
Turn the steaks often while grilling.
Fact:
If you watch really top steak masters from around the world, you'll notice they turn a steak only once. Why? This produces a better crust.
Advertisement
Myth 6:
The best way to check a steak for doneness is to cut into it with a knife.
Fact:
Again, cutting the meat releases the juices. The best way to check for doneness is to poke a steak with your finger. A rare steak is soft and squishy; a medium rare steak is yielding; medium is gently yielding; medium-well is firm; and well-done is hard and springy.
Advertisement
Myth 7:
Steak tastes best sizzling hot off the grill.
Fact:
Like most grilled meats, a steak hot off the grill will taste leathery and dry. You need to let it rest for a few minutes on a warm plate before serving. This allows the meat to "relax," making for a juicier, more tender steak.
Advertisement
Finally, for flavor, sheen, and succulence, don't forget to drizzle a little extra-virgin olive oil, melted butter, or beef fat over your perfectly grilled steak before serving. Think of it as the varnish on your masterpiece.
Planet Barbecue is available on Amazon.
Fifty years ago, liberals and radicals were eager and able to think big. Jane Jacobs's The Death and Life of Great American Cities, published in 1961, sparked a campaign to defend and develop diverse urban neighborhoods. In 1962, Michael Harrington's The Other America, with its startling revelations about the depth and extent of poverty, as well as Rachel Carson's Silent Spring, the first environmental best-seller, appeared. That summer, a band of twentysomethings, led by Tom Hayden, produced “The Port Huron Statement,” the manifesto of the white New Left, which offered participatory democracy as the antidote to an over-managed, bureaucratic society. Then, in 1963, James Baldwin's angry yet hopeful The Fire Next Time branded racism “a recipe for murder”; and Betty Friedan's The Feminine Mystique provided a candid, stirring diagnosis of female submission which helped galvanize the fledgling women's movement.
The prose in all these works was forceful and often eloquent in its urgency. “Our work is guided by the sense that we may be the last generation in the experiment with living,” wrote Hayden and their comrades. Friedan's “problem that has no name” would soon acquire one, sexism, which identified a set of grievances shared by millions of women. All six authors did much to set the agenda for the American left, broadly defined, for the next two decades and more. Every major social movement echoed some or all of their ideas, and Democrats in the White House or with aspirations to live there had to respond. So why, a half-century later, has no one emulated these authors' achievements?
Part of the answer, of course, is that American politics has marched decisively rightward since the 1970s and turned liberals into a defensive breed. The most prominent liberal writers—Paul Krugman, for example—now dedicate themselves to defending the reforms enacted from FDR to LBJ's administration and rebutting free-market fantasies, rather than proposing fresh models or theories. The best-known radicals—like Michael Moore or Naomi Klein—produce witty critiques of global capitalism, but they lack both a credible alternative and a sensible strategy to achieve it. Perhaps another Hayden or Baldwin will emerge from the ranks of the Occupy protestors. But so far, that movement has generated memorable slogans rather than persuasive statements. It's hard today to invoke a sustained passion for beginning the world over again.
The present cultural environment also discourages writers from attempting the kind of lucid, extended essays about “social problems” that were the basis of those landmark books from the early 1960s. Not a single one of the now-famous authors from that era had earned a Ph.D. But today, most intellectuals on the left hold academic jobs, and the pressure to write primarily for one's peers is hard to resist. Professors who do break from the pack tend to produce syntheses of existing knowledge fit for a PBS special instead of seeking to engage the public with original ideas and compelling prose. Or they throw themselves into an activism of the moment—narrowing their role as critics to giving speeches, drafting op-eds, and appearing on cable television.
A Delhi court has acquitted a man accused of rape and said that it may not be possible to restore their dignity and honour or compensate them for the “humiliation, misery, distress and monetary loss”.
Besides acquitting the man, the court also said they could file for damages against the complainant, a married woman who had retracted their charge during the course of hearing.
The court's documents were made available on Tuesday.
It is the second such case within a fortnight when the additional sessions judge Nivedita Anil Sharma has made the observations.
“It cannot be ignored that the accused, due to this case which has ultimately ended in their acquittal, has also remained in custody for a considerable period and may have suffered humiliation, trauma, distress and misery besides the expenses of the litigation,” the judge said in their order on Monday.
The woman had alleged that on November 1 last year, the accused had entered their house, raped them at knife point and threatened to kill their son if they disclosed the incident to anyone.
However, during cross-examination, they deposed that they had lodged a false case under pressure from their husband as they had a monetary dispute with the accused.
The accused had pleaded innocence and claimed that they were falsely implicated by the woman.
The court also observed that their plight may continue even after their acquittal as “his implication may have caused uproar in society but their acquittal may not even be noticed.... They will continue to suffer the stigma of being a rape case accused.”
Last month, the judge had acquitted a Delhi resident of rape charges after the complainant withdrew their charge and said that they were not raped by them and physical relations between them were consensual.
First Published: Sep 08, 2015 20:41 IST
Marvel fans, if your spidey senses have been tingling for a while, there's a reason for that.
It's been a long-held theory that “Captain America: Civil War” and “Spider-Man: Homecoming” aren't Peter Parker's first appearances in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Fans point to a scene from “Iron Man 2” where a little boy in an Iron Man mask stares down a robot at the Stark Expo. There's speculation that this boy may actually be a young Peter Parker.
As evidence, “Iron Man 2” was released in 2010. Since Parker is in their mid-teens in “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” which comes out July 7, they would've been about the right age of the kid at the time. Also, the Expo takes place in Queens, Spidey's hometown.
But is this really the future web-slinging hero?
Uh, yup.
Congrats, theorists. We asked Tom Holland, aka the real Spider-Man, if the theory is true, and they officially confirmed it. In fact, they triple-confirmed it, and they got the info straight from Marvel boss Kevin Feige.
“It is Peter Parker,” said Holland.
“It is?” we asked.
“I can confirm that, that is Peter Parker,” Holland said.
“No way, for sure?” we asked again.
“I can confirm that as of today. I literally had a conversation with Kevin Feige only 20 minutes ago. Maybe I've just done a big, old spoiler, but it's out there now,” said Holland. “It's cool. I like the idea that Peter Parker has been in the universe since the beginning.”
We like it, too, Tom. After all, what's Marvel without a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man?
(It's nothing. The answer is, “it's nothing.”)
Besides confirming the theory, Holland chatted about what to expect from the new movie, what it was like meeting Tobey Maguire (the original Spider-Man) and, most importantly, which of them would win in a dance off.
For everyone wondering, what's it like being Spider-Man?
It's crazy, man. I genuinely could not describe how I'm feeling right now. It's the most surreal experience I've been through. It's changed my life. I've met some of the best friends I'll keep forever, and I'm so lucky, man. I'm so, so lucky.
Have you met Tobey Maguire?
I have. I met them a few weeks ago, actually in LA, in a screening of “Baby Driver.” They were sitting directly in front of me.
What was that like?
Nice. Super nice guy. They seemed happy to meet me and to pass on the baton. Yeah, it was good meeting.
In “Spider-Man 3,” Tobey becomes evil Spider-Man and dances down the street. I know you have some dance skills. Who would win between you two in a dance-off?
It would have to be me, judging from their dance skills in that movie. I can confidently say it would be me.
Producer Amy Pascal said Tom Hardy's “Venom” movie is in the “Spider-Man” universe. Then Kevin Feige said it's not. But what would it be like if you took on Tom Hardy as Venom?
I don't even want to imagine it because it's never going to happen, but it would be pretty cool. It would be pretty cool.
Similarly, Deadpool and Spider-Man have a fun relationship in the comics. What do you think about you and Ryan Reynolds possibly hanging out together in a movie?
I haven't hung out with Ryan Reynolds. I have tweeted them a couple times. I had a tweet I was gonna tweet them the other day, but I didn't want to do it because it was too rude. I am playing a superhero for kids, and I don't want them to think I'm some dirty fool. But he's a very funny dude, and I wish there was some way we could put the two of them together, but unfortunately I don't think thats going to happen anytime soon.
You and Jacob Batalon have a great secret handshake in this film. Do you have any handshakes with other people in the cast or Avengers?
Jacob is the only lucky member to have a handshake. That is a funny story , actually. We showed up on set, and we did the scene, and then [director Jon Watts] was like, “And then you do your handshake.” Jacob and I were like, “The handshake?” [Jon goes,] “Yeah, did u guys come up with a handshake?”
“Uh, no.”
That was like a 10-minute improvised [shake]. It's a cool handshake, though.
Since we don't know exactly what happened to Uncle Ben or Spider-Man's parents, some people think that Bucky, The Winter Soldier, may have had something to do with it.
Ooohhh!
Yeah, and one of Winter Soldier's trigger words is “homecoming.” Your movie is “Spider-Man: Homecoming.”
Ooohhh!
Have you heard that before?
No, that's brand new to me. I'm gonna choose to believe that. Bucky Barnes, you bastard! I don't know. We haven't spoken about the Uncle Ben thing at all, but that's very interesting.
It'd kind of be [like,] Bucky killed [Tony Stark's] parents. They can't also kill Peter's parents!
They did kill a lot of people, though.
Yeah, he's killed all the Avengers' parents. Not the Avengers. Their parents.
Speaking of the Avengers, we've heard you already filmed a lot of your “Infinity War” scenes. What was that like, seeing all the Avengers together?
It's, like, the all stars of the movie world. It's crazy. I remember watching “Avengers 1” for the first time and thinking, “God, one day I want to be in one of those movies.” I just want to be in the movie. I never thought I would be Spider-Man in an “Avengers” movie, but it's such a surreal experience, dude. It's so crazy.
What can people expect from “Spider-Man: Homecoming”?
New things. Don't go into this movie thinking you've seen it already. It's so fresh, so unique. It's so different from every superhero movie you've ever seen, and people are going to love it.
“Spider-Man: Homecoming” swings into theaters July 7.
Lawes denied that they were either a violent player or a liability and was adamant that their game was one of legitimate toughness, not macho-man recklessness.
“I'm not a dirty player and have proved that with just one citing in five years of playing,” said the Northampton lock, who is certain to return to the match-day squad for England 's pool decider against Scotland at Eden Park on Saturday.
“I carry on with my game, hard but fair. I don't make illegal tackles. I don't turn anyone on their head. I didn't try to do anything malicious. I've always been physical but I'd never aim to try to hurt people.”
Lawes did think about appealing against the two-match ban, which they considered “a bit harsh”, on the grounds that they believed that they were merely following through in a frenetic situation, but they were advised to accept the sanction.
“There was no point in risking missing out on Scotland,” Lawes said. “If I missed that I might struggle to get back into the team for the ­quarter-final. I thought I would take it on the chin.”
Not surprisingly, there has been no admonishment from Martin Johnson, who must see traits of themselves in Lawes. The England manager recognises the fundamental of forward play, which is that the opposition must always be either fearful or wary of you. At the very least, you have to make a nuisance of yourself.
If anything, Lawes has been ­sporadic in bringing their presence to bear for England the way they manage for their club. For the most part, this is merely a young player adjusting to life at a more exalted level. Lawes is here to stay, a dynamic, uninhibited character, with no sense whatsoever of being daunted by the experience. They play with the freshness, perhaps even naivety, of youth. Johnson wants them to hold on to that relish for the fight, that love of combat.
Lawes was asked yesterday if they were going to rein in their full-bore approach. “No,” came the blunt reply. “Johnno has said to just keep doing what I'm doing,” Lawes added. “I don't give away very many penalties and I don't do many stupid things. I just make big hits when I can.”
England defence coach Mike Ford has held Lawes back from some tackling sessions to protect resources, notably at half-back. Johnson has spoken in admiring tones of the noise a Lawes tackle makes on impact. Pumas centre Gonzalo Tiesi felt the full force of one such encounter in the opening game of the tournament and damaged a knee. Lawes now has to bring that and more to their game if they are to fulfil their potential.
The 22 year-old missed the Six Nations with a knee injury and is itching to get back into the fray, ­recognising that Scotland will be fired by the prospect of elimination if they do not win and also prevent England from gaining a bonus point.
“Scotland will come out all guns blazing,” said Lawes. “We are ready for that.”
They will need to be, for England can still miss out on the quarter-finals. The tournament is about to get hard-nosed and unforgiving. Rather like Lawes.
Ahoy!
The August 2014 Meetup of The Windows Developer User Group is scheduled for August 18th from 6PM to 8PM @ TechColumbus. Please see details below & kindly RSVP.
Topic:
The World of Arduino with a Windows Phone Interface!
Abstract:
Join Anthony Russell as they explore the hardware platform “Arduino”. In this talk, you will get a crash course into building Arduino projects, coding them and controlling them with your Windows Phone. All you need to bring is something to take notes with and ambition to learn. This will be a hardware + software smackdown – magical stuff!
Speaker Bio:
Anthony Russell, DVLUP Expert and international hackathon competitor, was born and raised in North Eastern Ohio. After 6 years in the Army Anthony decided it was time for a change and started coding. Fast forward a few years and now they work for a leading ECM software company and has competed in over 7 hackathons in the last 12 months. Their teams have brought in over $15,000 in cash and prizes. You may find Anthony as @Anth0nyRussell on Twitter.
Please RSVP on our Meetup site @ http://www.meetup.com/windowsdevug/. Come join us!
Quebec employees of the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada (IRB) say they are totally overwhelmed by the volume of refugee claims and are imploring Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for more resources to handle them.
In a letter obtained by La Presse, the union representing IRB employees told Trudeau on Friday that workers do not have the means to process claims and render decisions within an acceptable timeframe.
More than 14,000 asylum seekers have crossed the border into Canada illegally since February, many of them through the Lacolle border crossing. Those files have been piled on top of the regular number of demands for asylum. More than 27,000 cases were reported to the IRB between March and September.
In its letter, the union noted that represents a nearly 250-per-cent increase over previous years.
Looking for a great way to get involved in your community, while having fun!! The Prince George's County Fair Board is grateful to all community members who volunteer their time to help with the Fair in September. We couldn't do it without you!!
While our volunteers contribute their time for a variety of reasons, all are important members of the County Fair Team. Every volunteer is a County Fair Ambassador - YOU help represent the Fair to the public.
ABOUT THE SCHEDULE: The Fair runs from Thursday, September 6th through Sunday, September 9th. We need volunteers each of those days. But we also start setting up on Monday, September 3th. So, volunteers are welcomed from Monday through Sunday. To make sure that we can schedule all volunteers, please e-mail us by August 25th with the times you'd like to volunteer. After that date, call the Fair Office at 301-404-5566. We ask that you volunteer a minimum of 4 hours if possible. (Note: If you are a student in school, you will not be allowed to volunteer during school hours.)
Shifts are as follows: 9:00AM - 1:00PM, 1:00PM - 5:00PM, 5:00PM - 9:00PM (But we're flexible, and you are welcome to start and finish at different times.)
ABOUT YOUR ASSIGNMENT: Typical volunteer activities include setting up displays, monitoring displays, caring for livestock, setting up for outdoor events, setting up for indoor events, answering phones in the office, gate duty, etc.
ABOUT YOUR DAY AS A VOLUNTEER: For your convenience there are bathrooms near the Fair Office.
MOST IMPORTANTLY: Have fun & Enjoy Yourself!!
FOR MORE INFORMATION, e-mail info@countyfair.org or signup to assist with 4H projects!
Agent of Byzantium is a collection of short stories by Harry Turtledove, centred on the exploits of Basil Argyros, a Byzantine secret agent. The stories are set in an alternate 14th century, where Islam never existed and the great ancient empires of Byzantium (the Eastern Roman Empire) and Sassanid Persia survive.
Setting [ edit ]
Agent of Byzantium series. The world of theseries.
In this universe, the point of divergence occurs when the Prophet Muhammad (Mouamet), instead of developing Islam, converted to Christianity and became a celebrated prelate and saint. Without the Muslim conquests, the Eastern Roman Empire remained the pre-eminent power in the Mediterranean world. The Emperor Constans II subdued the Lombards in Italy, and the Iberian peninsula (Ispania) and the southern coast of Gaul were also recovered. Most of Gaul, Britain and Germania are in "barbarian" hands, and have broken away from Byzantine orthodoxy, following the doctrine of filioque and a separate line of Popes. In the East, the Byzantines are still—as it was in our history up to the advent of Islam—involved in a never-ending cold war (occasionally flaring up into actual fighting) with its Persian arch-enemy, represented in the series by the female spy Mirrane.
Argyros works as an army scout, and later as a magistrianos for the Master of Offices, under the (fictional) Emperor Nikephoros III, and as such is sent across the Empire to solve problems — sometimes as a spy, sometimes as a negotiator, and sometimes as a soldier. The cover of the 1994 re-issue compares Argyros to James Bond and Dominic Flandry.[1]
Stories and publication history [ edit ]
Stories in the Agent of Byzantium universe (in order written) are:
"Unholy Trinity", first published in the July 1985 issue of Amazing Science Fiction Stories . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6824 (AD 1315/16) in the Abbey of Saint Gall
. It takes place on 6824 (AD 1315/16) in the Abbey of Saint Gall "Archetypes", first published in the November 1985 issue of Amazing Science Fiction Stories . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6825 (AD 1316/17) in the frontier city of Dara
. It takes place on 6825 (AD 1316/17) in the frontier city of Dara "The Eyes of Argos", first published in the January 1986 issue of Amazing Science Fiction Stories . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6814 (AD 1305/6), dealing with an invasion by nomadic Jurchens across the Danube frontier
. It takes place on 6814 (AD 1305/6), dealing with an invasion by nomadic Jurchens across the Danube frontier "Strange Eruptions", first published in the August 1986 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6816 (AD 1307/8), and is set during an epidemic in Constantinople
. It takes place on 6816 (AD 1307/8), and is set during an epidemic in Constantinople "Images", first published in the March 1987 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6826 (AD 1317/18) and is set in Constantinople during an ecumenical council dealing with the question of iconoclasm
. It takes place on 6826 (AD 1317/18) and is set in Constantinople during an ecumenical council dealing with the question of iconoclasm "Superwine", first published in the April 1987 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6829 (AD 1320/21), and takes place in Alania
. It takes place on 6829 (AD 1320/21), and takes place in Alania "Pillar of Cloud, Pillar of Fire", first published in the December 1989 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine . It takes place on Etos Kosmou 6818 (AD 1309/10), and takes place in Alexandria
. It takes place on 6818 (AD 1309/10), and takes place in Alexandria "Departures", first published in the January 1989 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine. It is the only story that does not feature Argyros, and instead focuses on the future St. Mouamet during their time in a monastery in Syria
The first six stories comprise the first edition of Agent of Byzantium, published in 1987 by Congdon & Weed. "Pillar of Cloud, Pillar of Fire" and "Departures" were first published in the Departures collection in 1993. "Pillar of Cloud, Pillar of Fire" was included in the second edition of Agent of Byzantium, published in 1994 by Baen Books. "The Eyes of Argos" was also published in the There Will Be War IV: Guns of Darkness collection in 1987.
Reception [ edit ]
Orson Scott Card praised Turtledove as "a very talented science fiction writer, with a gift for finding a way to present a fascinating idea through strong, believable characters."[2]
Differences [ edit ]
Turtledove, who has a PhD in Byzantine history, created a setting for the series in which the world of Late Antiquity is projected seven centuries into the future. In each story, several familiar inventions and social institutions crop up far ahead of schedule, and under very different circumstances than they did in our world. Among these are:
Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball are in discussions to make big changes to the posting system that allows MLB teams to sign Japanese players, reports Ben Badler of Baseball America.
Per Badler, the two leagues are discussing placing a cap on the posting fee for players. This would potentially allow multiple teams to win the initial bid for the player, then compete with each other to win said player over. The idea behind the cap is to put more money in the hands of the player -- rather than the team he's leaving -- and to allow the league to count more money against the luxury tax.
It should also rid of the complaints MLB teams have made in the past about blind bidding. The way the system is set up now, most of the money ends up going to NPB teams. When a Japanese player is "posted," MLB clubs secretly bid for them in a four-day silent auction, with the NPB club selecting the winner and taking the entire posting fee. At this point, the winning MLB club gets an exclusive 30-day window to negotiate a contract with the player.
Jeff Passan of Yahoo Sports reported over the winter that changes were potentially coming to the posting system, but things have been pretty quiet on that front until now. MLB sent out a memo to teams earlier this year informing of potential revisions to the agreement between the two leagues, but at the time it was assumed those talks had more to do with the ramifications of an international draft.
While domestic free agency isn't shaping up to be very exciting this winter, changes to the posting system could make the international market a wild one. Cuban defector Jose Dariel Abreu is shaping up to be a hotly contested player this fall, and Japanese right-hander Masahiro Tanaka could join them if the blind posting system is indeed adjusted.
The 6'2, 205-pound Tanaka is projected by some scouts to be a No. 2 starter, ready to jump right in to a big-league rotation. The 24-year-old is putting up stellar numbers for the Rakuten Golden Eagles this year, posting a 1.20 earned-run average and a strikeout-to-walk ratio of almost six-to-one in 158 innings.
More from SB Nation MLB:
• Watch Ichiro collect their 4,000th hit
• A-Rod has standing 150-game ban offer
• Neyer: The meaning of Ichiro's 4,000 hits
• Pirates "have some interest" in Justin Morneau
• Video: The strongest beards in sports
In 2014, a disabled woman named Stella Young took the stage at TEDx in Sydney and introduced the audience to the concept of inspiration porn. They explained that disabled people are most commonly seen only in stories and images that pornographically “objectify one group of people for the benefit of another group of people.” They had been writing and speaking about this topic for a while, exploring the various ways that disabled people were used to make other folks think mostly of themselves. For example, inspiration porn sometimes shames the viewer by showing a disabled person overcoming basic obstacles, implying that anyone less disabled has no excuse. Another variant focuses on individuals helping people with disabilities, suggesting that others should help too, centering attention on the helper, not the recipient. In all cases, disabled humans get treated as props. Stella died December quite unexpectedly, but alas, inspiration porn still dominates depictions of disability in the news, so their work continues. In the last few weeks, three stories about disability have gone viral. A high school quarterback in Pennsylvania took a girl with Down syndrome to prom, fulfilling a promise they made to them when they were in the fourth grade. A Qdoba employee in Kentucky was filmed feeding a customer with physical disabilities. Madeline Stuart, an Australian woman with Down syndrome, lost weight and became a model. Each of these stories has been reproduced on news outlets and shared on social media around the world in multiple languages. They all feature people doing good things. There's nothing necessarily wrong with the content of these stories, of course, but the way they're told conceals the real issues faced by the disability community. We need stories that illuminate instead.
Hero quarterback
The quarterback story is just a recent example of the kind of tale that goes viral during every prom and graduation season. Ben Moser and Mary Lapkowicz knew each other in elementary school. In fourth grade, they promised to take them to prom. Eight years later, despite not attending the same school as Mary, Ben made good on their promise. The two look smashing in all the pictures; I'm sure they had a great time. The story, though, centers on Moser. He's the hero. We learn nothing about Lapkowicz. Moreover, the articles use the word “friendship,” even though there's no sense that the two have an ongoing reciprocally rewarding relationship. Have they seen them since the fourth grade? Do they hang out together? Do they pity her? Friendship is a fraught issue. Maintaining inclusive and reciprocal social contacts can be a major challenge for people with disabilities. I worry about this for my son, who has Down syndrome, and I know that I'm not alone. In my parent groups, we frequently struggle with how to build friendship networks outside of other kids who share our children's conditions. There are lots of nice people who want to help, but do they have real friends? I'd love to read a story about Lapkowicz and their social world or perhaps something on the significant challenges faced by people with intellectual disabilities as they transition out of high school and look for work or college. Instead, all we get is the hero quarterback.
The disability community needs much more than kind restaurant employees, handsome quarterbacks and photo shoots.
The events at Qdoba raise bigger questions. David Jones noticed a woman in a wheelchair stuck outside the restaurant's door, so they helped them inside. Then they saw them being fed by an employee, Ridge Quarles. Jones whipped out their camera, recorded it and uploaded to YouTube; the video went viral. As first reported by a local station, Quarles, when interviewed, said that they didn't know the customer's name but that they were a regular. “Sadly,” they added, “she has to sit outside the restaurant until someone notices them or another customer that's coming in has to let them into the building.” When they asked for help eating, they didn't stop to think but slapped on a pair of gloves and assisted. Like Moser, Quarles seems like a good guy. Journalists, though, can do more than declaring this story inspirational. Did Jones ask permission before objectifying this woman in their quest to praise Quarles? Do people with disabilities have the right to expect privacy? In objectifying this woman, as writer and disability activist Emily Ladau points out in a piece for the Center for Disability Rights, the stories all ignore the woman's personal agency. “The woman is not helpless. They specifically requested assistance with eating,” Ladau writes. “She advocated for what they needed. The employee's assistance was simply a kind acknowledgment of their request. [The comments] regarding the man are all to the effect of “bless their heart,” “what a hero,” “such a saint.” One reporter led their piece on the Qdoba story with, “Faith in humanity, restored.” Through the viral video, the woman becomes an object to be fed and a means by which to demonstrate that Quarles is a good guy.
Real support
favorite favorite favorite
Two days after the legendary Hampton shows and the band is still floating in a dazzling MIDI nebula. There is no doubt that their new digital toys inspired the band heartily. You'd have to go back to at least '77 and maybe even '72 to get find the consistent level of exploration found on this tour. I prefer spring '90 since by that time they had reigned in much of the excess of their MIDI exploration. But for sheer psychedelic splatter this tour is hard to beat.
The “Althea” is marvelous on this night. Same with “Cassidy.” In fact every single tune has something to remarkable, different or inventive except for perhaps “Good Time” and “Don't Ease”. The “China-Rider” is not to be missed. After 10 years of nearly beating this wonderful duo into mediocrity and even borderline parody they bust out a version here that covers ground never even imagined. Both songs are just brimming with an endless flow of ideas. After the first instrumental break of “I Know You Rider” it is almost a surprise when they come back to the next verse. Listen to the crowd, they are nearly in awe.
Speaking of which, this is a superb Matrix with Phil big and bouncy, Bobby's guitar in your face and the vocals are even as well. Garcia is playing like they are possessed by digital demons all night and singing their heart out. This is further evidence of this brief and glorious period in later GD history when Garcia was clean and their playing was inspired night after glorious night. This run at the Meadowlands is all truly superb. I believe that it doesn't nearly get the recognition it deserves due to the brutally sad tragedy surrounding this run: the murder of Adam Katz that has never been solved. Being on tour at this time was especially unsettling. Most of us realized it could have just as easily been ourselves. In a sense, it was. In retrospect, this was foreshadowing of the tragic passing of Brent Mydland who was so f**king hot on this tour and the next that even Garcia had a hard time keeping up. Their contribution was so powerful that the fall of '91, with the start of the pitiful and laughable Vinnie era, it seemed like half the band was gone. Even adding the more than capable two hands of Bruce Hornsby could not fill that hole. The rest was a brutal decline that ended 17 year ago today. [JGB remained excellent, though!]
Anyway, despite the weird energy of these shows and this tour, these are simply amazing on a musical level. The band was at least in the stratosphere every night and sometimes in another galaxy and at the best times they catapulted us into different universes and dimensions. God Bless the Grateful Dead! I miss that Fat Man. Jeez.
- August 9, 2012Innovative digi-psychedelia
Scott Willingham, who was part of the security team during the takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, was sentenced Friday for theft of government property in federal court in Portland.
Willingham, in custody since mid-March, was sentenced to six months with credit for the time he's already served.
As soon as a bed becomes available, he'll move to a residential treatment facility for up to four months under a plea deal. He's also been ordered to undergo mental health, alcohol and drug evaluations.
In May, Willingham, 49, pleaded guilty to taking or converting government-owned cameras for their own use outside the wildlife refuge in Harney County. They faced two counts of theft of government property but entered a guilty plea to one count. The other was dismissed.
According to their lawyer, Willingham quit their job as an apartment maintenance man in Colorado and went to the federal bird sanctuary after randomly spotting a YouTube video about the refuge occupiers.
They viewed the video as a "clarion call'' and was generally sympathetic to the concerns that occupation leader Ammon Bundy and their supporters voiced about government overreach with respect to public lands, their attorney, Richard Fredericks, wrote in a sentencing memo.
Willingham drove to the refuge and stayed about three weeks, leaving several days before the Jan. 26 fatal shooting by police of occupation spokesperson Robert "LaVoy" Finicum.
Their attorney said Willingham "laid low'' once occupation leaders were arrested, concerned that a warrant would be issued for their arrest. But once they heard rumors burbling on the Internet that some people suspected they were serving as a government informant, Willingham tried to turn themselves into law enforcement, according to their attorney's memo.
"To their surprise, law enforcement did not want to arrest Mr. Willingham,'' their attorney wrote. "In order to get arrested, Mr. Willingham threatened to shoot agents. The threats were not serious.''
Willingham was arrested in Grant County on March 16 on weapons charges.
They told an officer in Mount Vernon that they were prepared to take out their .308 Winchester rifle they claimed to have buried in the woods to "complete their duty to stop tyranny in federal law enforcement,'' according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Craig Gabriel.
Their rifle wasn't in the woods but at a nearby home. There, police found five magazines containing more than 200 rounds of ammunition along with the rifle, Gabriel said. Messages written on the magazines included: "Brains and Blood,'' "Bye Bye Fed" and "RIP LaVoy Finicum 1/26/16 WAR,'' the prosecutor said.
Willingham told the FBI that they were armed at the Malheur refuge during the occupation but then left and came back to Burns intending to kill Harney County commissioner Steven E. Grasty, Gabriel has said in court.
At their March arraignment in Grant County Circuit Court, Willingham said they wanted to be jailed there to await arrest by federal authorities for their role in the occupation.
Willingham was never charged in the larger conspiracy case stemming from the Jan. 2 refuge takeover, but was the 27th person to face a federal indictment in the 41-day refuge occupation.
Willingham, 49, was with Finicum on Jan. 15 when Finicum took down FBI license plate reader surveillance cameras from a utility pole along a road about six miles from Burns.
U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown commented during Willingham's sentencing that they had just recently seen a video of them removing the FBI cameras, played for jurors this past week at the trial of Ammon Bundy and six other defendants.
Willingham will be on supervised release for two years.
Their attorney emphasized in their sentencing memo that Willingham wasn't cooperating with federal law officers.
Fredericks wrote in bold type: "Mr. Willingham is not a Government informant. Cooperation was not part of their plea agreement, they have not provided information to the Government, and they are not a witness for the Government at the current Bundy, et al, trial.''
The maximum sentence for the theft of government property is 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
As part of the deal, the weapons charges in Grant County were dismissed against Willingham. District attorneys in both Grant and Harney counties have agreed not to bring any other charges against him.
Willingham told Judge Brown that they made mistakes and that's why they turned themselves in.
Willingham, their attorney said, has no financial resources and no support from family or friends.
"Mr. Willingham intends to establish a new beginning for themselves in the Portland area; placement into a residential reentry center will afford them the opportunity to get their feet on the ground,'' Fredericks wrote.
-- Maxine Bernstein
mbernstein@oregonian.com
503-221-8212
@maxoregonian
There's a school of thought that believes the NHL could increase scoring (and according to some, interest in the game) by reducing the size of goalie pads. That protection for netminders has gotten bigger, which has helped contribute to a downturn in scoring.
Those advocating for smaller pads got their wish this offseason when the league announced a reduction in size of equipment. However, the 10 percent change — especially when compared to what is now the “old” size — isn't as drastic as you might think.
Ottawa Senators goalie Craig Anderson took to Twitter recently to showcase the differences. They posted a photo of one of their old leg pads next to one of their new ones, and again, it's not a huge difference, but it's something at least.
Check out the photo below. [tweet https://twitter.com/CraigAnderson41/statuses/370683899556270082 align='center']
The Hartford Distributors shooting was a mass shooting that occurred on August 3, 2010, in Manchester, Connecticut, United States. The location of the crime was a warehouse owned by Hartford Distributors, a beer distribution company. The gunman, former employee Omar Sheriff Thornton (born April 25, 1976)[1] shot and killed eight male coworkers before turning a gun on himself.[2][3][4][5][6][7][8][9]
Shooting [ edit ]
Thornton, aged 34, was called into their place of employment for disciplinary purposes. Thornton had been recorded on surveillance video in the Hartford Distributors warehouse stealing beer on a previous occasion. They were also implicated in the theft of empty beer kegs.[10] Hartford Distributors is a wholesale distributor of Budweiser beer products and wine. Given the options of being fired or resigning, Thornton signed the resignation papers and was being escorted out of the building. Instead of leaving, they took a Ruger SR9 semi-automatic pistol from their lunchbox and opened fire.
At the time Thornton started shooting, there were around 40 employees in the building. In just a few minutes, Thornton murdered eight coworkers and seriously injured two others. Many employees made calls to 911, with some callers identifying Thornton.[11] Police arrived on the scene just three minutes after the first 911 call.[12] Police entered the building ten minutes after the first 911 call. Thornton promptly hid in a locked office. As more police entered the building, Thornton called their mother and explained to them what they had done. They told them they planned on turning the gun on himself. As police closed in, Thornton called 911, saying their motive for the massacre was racism they had experienced in the workplace. They told the 911 operator that they wished they had killed more people.[13][14] Soon after hanging up, they killed themselves with a shot to the head.
Victims [ edit ]
Eight people were killed and two others were injured in the shooting.[15]
Killed [ edit ]
Francis Fazio, Jr., 57
Douglas Scruton, 56
Edwin Kennison, 49
William Ackerman, 51
Bryan Cirigliano, 51
Craig Pepin, 60
Louis Felder, 50
Victor James, 61
Wounded [ edit ]
Steven Hollander, 50
Jerome Rosenstein, 77
Aftermath [ edit ]
Family members of Thornton have stated that they had complained to them that, as an African American, they were being racially discriminated against at their job. Thornton's girlfriend, Kristi Hannah, claimed that they had seen a picture of a noose and a racial epithet written on a bathroom wall.[16] Thornton was African American in a facility that had mostly white employees, and all of the victims were white. Company and union officials as well as workers at the facility have denied the charges of racism.[17] The union notes that they never filed a complaint with the union or any government agency.[18] Forensic psychiatrist Keith Ablow stated, "I've evaluated plenty of murderers during my career... and I can tell you that people don't commit atrocities because of name-calling."[19] A police probe did not find proof of racism at Hartford Distributors, with other minority workers at Hartford Distributors interviewed by the police disagreeing with Thornton's allegation that the company was "a racist place".[20]
The massacre is the deadliest workplace shooting in Connecticut history and the second-deadliest mass shooting in the state, after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.[citation needed] Connecticut suffered a similar workplace shooting at the Lottery Headquarters in Newington on March 6, 1998, which left five dead including the shooter.[21]
Christy Quail and Sean Quail were arrested for receiving the property alleged to have been stolen by Thornton. Sean Quail was arrested on August 17 in an incident where they sprayed bug-repellent at reporters covering the case. Quail was charged with three counts of first-degree reckless endangerment, three counts of third-degree assault, carrying a dangerous instrument, and breach of peace.[22]
A troubled student whose disappearance with a rifle case on Monday led their college in Maryland to shut its doors until the end of the month was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot Saturday at a bird sanctuary in Pennsylvania, the police said.
The student, Jacob Marberger, 19, left their home in Cheltenham, Pa., a suburb of Philadelphia, on Monday with a rifle case, their parents said, and they had not been seen or heard from since. The police said they did not know whether Mr. Marberger had a firearm with them or had simply left home with its empty case.
They were found on Saturday afternoon by a park employee in the picnic area of Hawk Mountain Sanctuary in Kempton, Pa., along with a green Land Rover that they were believed to have been driving, according to the Pennsylvania State Police. The police said it was not clear how long their body had been in that location, about 70 miles from their home.
Mr. Marberger, was a sophomore at Washington College, a small liberal arts institution in Chestertown, Md. Last month, they were accused of drunkenly brandishing an antique pistol at a party on the campus. The episode set off repercussions that were said to have left Mr. Marberger despondent.
_______
The nastiest habit of medieval cats seen via illuminated manuscripts.
10. Regular licking
Thomas of Cantimpré, Liber de natura rerum, France ca. 1290 (Valenciennes, Bibliothèque municipale, ms. 320, fol. 72r)
9. Licking and mouse-hunting
Ashmole Bestiary, England 13th century (Bodleian Library, MS. Ashmole 1511, fol. 35v)
8. Licking, mouse-hunting and bird-stealing
Bestiary, England 13th century (Bodleian Library, MS. Bodl. 764, fol. 51r)
7. Hey cat! Stop licking your butt on the Book of Maccabees or you'll get an arrow!
below the cat: 1Maccabees 16:18-20. Bible, France 13th century (Bibliothèque cantonale et universitaire de Lausanne, U 964, fol. 376r)
6. Otter-like cat
Bestiary, England 15th century (København, Kongelige Bibliotek, GkS 1633 4º, fol. 28v)
5. Devil and the cat worshippers licking the cat's butt
Jean Tinctor, Traittié du crisme de vauderie (Sermo contra sectam vaudensium), Bruges ca. 1470-1480 (Paris, BnF, Français 961, fol. 1r)
4. Prayerbook cats
Hours of Charlotte of Savoy, Paris ca. 1420-1425 (NY, Morgan Library & Museum, MS M.1004, fol. 125r, 172r)
3. Weirdly long tongue
Book of Hours, Lyon, ca. 1505-1510 (Lyon, BM, Ms 6881, fol. 30r)
2. Villard's cat
Sketchbook of Villard de Honnecourt, France ca. 1230 (BnF, Français 19093, fol. 7v)
1. Licking Cat of Apocalypse
Christ on Majesty flanked by two angels blowing trumpets of the Last Judgement and a little grey guy licking its butt. Missal, Bavaria ca. 1440-1460 (New York Public Library, MA 112, fol. 7r)
Follow Discarding Images on Facebook and Twitter!
_______
America deserves better.
If only this year's presidential candidates were as focused on global competitiveness as are America's business leaders, the world's most important economy and democracy would already have become the “Comeback Kid,” portrayed on this week's Economist cover as a muscle-bound Uncle Sam.
We are witnessing the most expensive and one of the most negative presidential contests in U.S. history. Thus far it is serving little purpose aside from enriching the advertising industry.
With global economic growth waning, the euro zone imploding and America approaching a fiscal cliff, President Barack Obama and Governor Mitt Romney remain on the low road of ad hominem attacks that badly serve Americans and the world.
The most crucial question for American centrists, who are likely to decide this November's elections (and I count myself as a card-carrying member), is whether Obama or Romney can reverse the dangerous signs of eroding U.S. competitiveness and shore up the beginnings of an economic resurgence.
It is a question of historic significance.
Just as the best candidate during the four decades of the Cold War era was the one who most clearly understood how to tap America's dynamism and stare down a very real Soviet threat (Ronald Reagan fit that bill), today's most effective president will be the one who can best navigate a similarly extended period that is shaping up to be an era of global competition.
In this new age, great-power military conflict of the U.S.-Soviet variety is all but unthinkable, yet smaller rivalries proliferate where there are economic gains to be had. It is an age in which the battlefield has been transformed by communication technologies and the addition over the past two decades of a billion people to the global workforce in emerging nations. They are not only manufacturing shirts and toys but also, empowered by the Internet, competing against America's highly skilled computer engineers, lab technicians and architects with their outsourced labor.
The good news is that America is uniquely qualified to do well in this less dangerous yet more complex era, given the scale of its market, its agile private sector, its youthful demographics (compared with other advanced economies) and the fact that, unlike Europe, it acted more quickly and decisively to address its financial rot and remake its banks. America leads the world in exploiting shale gas, and its export sector is thriving. The U.S. has a fighting chance to meet President Obama's goal, stated in their 2011 State of the Union address, of doubling exports in five years. Exports to China alone have grown by 65 percent since 2007, making the country the third-largest American export market.
The bad news, captured Tuesday in Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke's bleak testimony to the Senate Banking Committee and in this month's IMF annual report on the U.S. economy, is that the threats to this potential rebound are immediate. IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde called the U.S. economic recovery “tepid,” predicting the U.S. will have just 2 percent growth through the rest of the year. The downside risks that could reduce growth further include the euro zone crisis, the slowing growth of emerging markets and Washington's political dysfunction.
Although the American business environment remains one of the world's most attractive, a recent survey by Harvard Business School shows that 70 percent of its alumni expect American competitiveness to decline over the next three years. During 2011 alone, more than 1,700 respondents were personally involved in decisions about whether to place business activities in the U.S. or elsewhere, and in two-thirds of the cases they decided against the U.S.
The respondents pinpointed weaknesses that the candidates should be addressing, but are not. Among them: America's cumbersome tax code, its failing elementary education, its overregulation, its aging infrastructure, its inadequate workforce skills and, yes, its political gridlock.
In analyzing the findings, Michael E. Porter and Jan W. Rivkin wrote:
Many see jobs as the goal, when in fact it is only through restoring American competitiveness that good jobs can be created and sustained. Many see income inequality as the central problem, when in fact inequality is the outcome of underlying problems in skills, opportunities and other fundamentals that must be addressed if inequality is to fall.
In their 2011 State of the Union address, President Obama dramatically spoke of “our generation's Sputnik moment,” comparing the new global competitiveness challenge to what Dwight D. Eisenhower faced following the Soviet launch of the first orbiting satellite. The outcome was a national mobilization that resulted in the birth of NASA, the education of a new generation of engineers and, ultimately, victory in the space race.
The problem is that Obama and Romney now are acting more as politicians out to win the next turn of the news cycle rather than as statesmen providing a roadmap for this new era of global competition. The Obama campaign's portrayal of Romney as a rapacious capitalist is as unhelpful as the Romney campaign's attacks on Obama as a closet Marxist.
The American private sector is doing much to rise to the challenge. It's time for the two men vying for the Oval Office to stop playing gotcha and provide leadership for this new generational challenge.
They may have to channel Eisenhower.
PHOTO: Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain (center L-R) , President Barack Obama, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, José Manuel Barroso, president of the European Commission, and others, including French President François Hollande (seated R), watch the overtime shootout of the Chelsea vs. Bayern Munich Champions League final in the Laurel Cabin conference room during the G8 Summit at Camp David, Maryland, May 19, 2012. REUTERS/White House/ Pete Souza/POOL
[Photo by: Brandon Lung]
Following sexual misconduct allegations surfacing online, With Confidence have parted ways with guitarist Luke Rockets.
Read their statement in full below:
Late last night an allegation came to our attention about our guitarist Luke Rockets. Luke Rockets is no longer a member of With Confidence.
We are passionate about music being a safe space for people of all ages and are extremely disappointed and disgusted. We had absolutely no idea this had happened.
This sort of abuse of power has been all too prevalent in today's industry. It is in these circumstances that people need to be completely stripped of that power and held accountable for their actions.
We support and have endless respect for the individual who has come forward and ask that everyone respect their right to privacy.
Unfortunately we will not be able to complete the remainder of our US tour. We apologise but ask for your understanding.
We will continue to do whatever we can to support and empower all those who have supported us.
Jayden, Josh, and Inigo
With Confidence
Statement regarding Luke Rockets pic.twitter.com/RCj3njzQPZ — With Confidence (@withconfidence_) November 13, 2017
This response is following allegations, posted by Piper Vidler, that Rockets sent inappropriate comments via social media asking about “kinks and other adult concepts” to their friend who was, at the time, 14 years old. We reached out to Vidler and are reporting their comments with their consent.
I'd like to make it clear, that my friend never sent any explicit photos, or responded to their advances. However, the weight of the influence that they had on her, someone that they admired greatly, was too heavy for them to ever directly say no, even when they felt uncomfortable… These actions of a 23 year old man who knew well that they could take advantage of a 14 year old girl this way are appalling. It got to a point where my friend was so sure that he'd attempt something inappropriate with them in person next time they saw each other, that we sold the tickets we had for their next show and did not end up going.
You can read their statement in full here.
In response to the allegations, With Confidence will not be appearing at the last six shows of their US tour with Knuckle Puck.
Due to information that has come to light, With Confidence will not be appearing at the last six shows of our US tour. We support those affected by recent allegations. pic.twitter.com/6eXK3K1TMv — Knuckle Puck (@KnucklePuckIL) November 13, 2017
These accusations against Rockets follow the allegations against Brand New's Jesse Lacey, who was accused of following allegations made on Facebook.
Share this...
The Younger Dryas – What Happened?
By Ed Caryl
This article looks at a paper by Steinthorsdottir et al.
Was there a time in the last few thousand years when CO2 was as high or higher than today? Yes, there was, at the end of the last ice age during the Younger Dryas (YD) cold period.
What was the temperature during that time? It was much colder than now, as much as 12°C in Greenland.
Did the temperature go up when the CO2 level went up? No, it went down.
About 13,000 years ago, at the end of the last ice age, after two thousand years of warming, melting ice, and rising sea levels, there was an abrupt reversal; a cold period that lasted over a thousand years. The Younger Dryas is named for an alpine flower, Dryas Octopetala, the pollen of which is found in northern tundra areas during this time.
It is thought that the Younger Dryas (YD) was caused by the collapse of the northern ice sheets, changing the North Atlantic Overturning Currents. One theory is that the ice sheet collapse was triggered by a comet or meteor strike. The evidence is a layer of nano-diamonds (ND) that are found in North America and Europe at about the beginning of the YD. In that layer there are soot deposits and platinum group metals indicating an extraterrestrial source that caused large forest fires.
A recent paper, Stomatal proxy record of CO2 concentrations from the last termination suggests an important role for CO2 at climate change transitions, covers the YD period, and as the title suggests, claims a role for CO2 in the temperature changes of this period. The southern Sweden Dwarf Birch stomatal proxy record has a higher time resolution than the ice core CO2 records of this period, showing a higher variability with a resolution of around 100 years.
What follows is a plot of that period with their stomata data with two assumptions of the baseline Holocene CO2 value, the Greenland ice core temperature record, and a marker for the ND event.
(GISP2), with the nano-diamond event marked. Time is passing right to left. The orange points assume a 280 ppm Holocene baseline, and the red points assume a 300 ppm Holocene baseline. The red and orange dashes are the standard error bars for the corresponding measured points.The horizontal error bars indicate a ± 150 year uncertainty in the C14 dating for the stomata based on C14 error in Figure 2 here. The purple diamond and vertical line is the nano-diamond event at 12,877 ± 3.4 calendar years Before Present (BP) based on ice core annual layer data from Greenland.
It should be noted that the Greenland ice core dating is very accurate, as the annual layers have been counted. So the temperature dating and the nano-diamond layer in the ice are known to less than ± 5 years accuracy. Figure 1 indicates that the YD cooling began 100 years before the ND event. This paper claims a C14 age error of ± 55 to 60 years, but other calibration sources are far wider. An error of 150 years puts the CO2 spike within the era of the ND source. The CO2 spike is likely the result of large fires resulting from the comet or meteor strike.
The timeline runs like this, from the oldest event on the right, to the newest on the left:
14200 BP is the approximate time of meltwater pulse 1a, at about the time of the peak in the Bølling oscillation. (This date is not on this plot.) For sea level in this era see here.
13,600 Before Present (BP, from the year 2000), is a warm peak of the Bølling oscillation.
13,200 BP, is the coldest point of the Older Dryas cold period.
13,000 BP, is the warmest peak of the Allerød oscillation.
12,970 BP is the beginning of the YD cooling.
12,877 BP is the date of the Nano-Diamond event.
12,750 BP is the approximate date of the CO2 peak at about 400 ppm.
12,700 BP is the coldest point of the YD.
11,850 BP is the date of the lowest CO2 value at about 180 ppm and the approximate end of the YD. In the next 250 years, Greenland temperatures rose 12°C.
11,600 BP is the time of meltwater pulse 1b, at the peak temperature at the left on this plot.
Important points to be noted in this data:
1. The ND event did not trigger the ice sheet collapse. The ice sheet collapse happened 1300 years later. The dating of Meltwater Pulse 1b is 11,600 years BP, well after the ND event, and 1400 years after the beginning of the YD cooling.
2. The ND event DID trigger a massive increase in CO2, to 400 or 425 ppm, depending on the baseline used, that lasted for less than 40 years. Those values have standard errors of ± 1.2 ppm because the additional CO2 caused increased biomass, providing a larger sample.
2a. That increase in CO2 did not cause a warming period in the YD. It continued to cool after the ND event.
2b. That increase in CO2 lasted less than 40 years based on the time resolution of the stomata data. Thus large amounts of CO2 are not persistent in the atmosphere for a thousand years as some in climate science claim.
3. There is no evidence in this data that CO2 drives temperature. On this plot, CO2 and temperature tend to go in opposite directions more than in the same direction.
4. The paper does acknowledge that CO2 stimulates plant growth. Their paper states that organic matter in their core samples rose during the higher CO2 period from around 20% to a peak of 35%.
The Antarctic ice core CO2 data is very poor at resolving rapid CO2 changes. Here is the best resolution CO2 plot from Dome C in Antarctica. The large changes in the stomata data are not reflected in the ice core data. The average value is the same at about 240 ppm.
Figures 2a and 2b are the Dome C CO2 data. The red dot marks 12800 BP. Figure 2b is an enlargement of the YD time circled in 2a.
This paper made the usual assumptions that CO2 drives temperature, but they picked the Antarctic ice core temperature data that agrees with their assumptions instead of the much closer and more detailed Greenland ice core data that does not. They failed to investigate the large CO2 spike in their data that exceeds modern values in an era where humanity played little part in the world. Their assumptions forced them to miss the important facts that the stomata data revealed.
More than a third of Liberal MPs and senators voted to throw leadership open, leaving prime minister damaged but still in office
Tony Abbott has promised their party they have learned from their “near-death experience” and the government would fight on fewer policy fronts and take a more pragmatic approach to the Senate.
Abbott clung to power and bought time to resuscitate their prime ministership after a motion for a leadership vote was defeated by 61 votes to 39 in a special party room meeting in Canberra on Monday.
But the fact that 39 members of their Liberal party effectively lodged a no-confidence vote against him, their pointed public criticism and devastating polls that put the Labor party ahead 57% to 43% on a two-party-preferred basis mean many in the party are sceptical the prime minister will survive in the long term.
Liberal leadership spill motion defeated 61 votes 39 – politics live Read more
The Coalition's Senate leader, Eric Abetz, conceded the leadership team took “a degree of chastisement” from the extent of support for the spill motion.
Guardian Australia understands Abbott referred to their “near-death experience” while canvassing backbenchers and in the party room meeting, signalling that they intended to heed their message and improve their performance.
They explicitly asked backbenchers to give them another six months to turn around the government's fortunes, at which point the issue could be revisited – but insisted they could win the next election, due in 2016, against Bill Shorten's Labor team.
Abbott's message to the party room after the vote was that they had learnt from the experience and things would change, including more consultation and a strategic decision not to fight on so many policy fronts.
They indicated the government would test its policy ideas with crossbench senators in a bid to avoid the difficulties it encountered last year in passing key budget measures.
And while the government has not formally abandoned its push to introduce a Medicare co-payment, Abbott referred to their time as health minister in the Howard government and underlined the importance of keeping medicos on side with proposed changes.
The prime minister held out an olive branch to those who had spoken out in the lead-up to the spill motion, saying they would not hold it against them.
Abbott also appealed to their colleagues to stop backgrounding the media.
The deputy Liberal leader, Julie Bishop, told the meeting the leadership team's door was open. They knew people had had concerns, including her, but they should not let them fester.
The chief whip, Philip Ruddock, reported the results of the ballot 15 minutes after the special party room meeting began. They said there was also one informal vote and one MP was on paternity leave.
Despite the backbench signalling its strong concerns with the government's political fortunes, Abbott insisted the matter was now “behind us” and they were determined to “end the disunity and the uncertainty which destroyed two Labor governments”.
In a message they recorded in their office aimed at voters, Abbott repeated their argument that prime ministers should not be removed in mid-term by their parliamentary colleagues.
“We think that when you elect a government, when you elect a prime minister, you deserve to keep that government and that prime minister until you have a chance to change your mind,” Abbott said, contradicting the views of senior Liberals that the leadership is the gift of the party room.
Abbott said the government would now focus on jobs, families, the economy and national security. “I love this country, and I will do my best to help our country to succeed,” they said.
The West Australian backbencher Luke Simpkins, who moved the spill motion, said: “I think this has been a good wake-up call. The prime minister has taken on board what our concerns have been and we look forward to that being implemented.”
Abetz said they were confident Abbott would be prime minister at the 2016 election “and also after it”. The Coalition's Senate leader said some issues were now off the table, such as paid parental leave and prime ministerial decisions on knighthoods, and the government was consulting on health policy.
“In making tough decisions you need to bring the backbench and most importantly the Australian people with you,” Abetz told Sky News.
As the move to unseat Abbott grew – with deep underlying grievances brought to the surface by their widely ridiculed decision to grant Prince Philip a knighthood – the prime minister ditched the government's commitment to continuing budget cuts but apparently changed their position on a major defence acquisition to win votes in the shipbuilding state of South Australia.
Had the spill succeeded, Malcolm Turnbull was expected to stand. But they never formally declared their hand, insisting to their backers that the success of their prime ministership would depend on them not being seen to have knifed an elected prime minister.
It was also widely believed Bishop had agreed to serve under Turnbull and that several ministers also supported the coup, leaving the prime minister with a divided frontbench and a backbench so disaffected it was prepared to move against him.
Shorten, who was instrumental in Labor's leadership changes, said the Liberal party was “ripping itself apart” in a display of “chaos and dysfunction”.
“While the Liberal government fights with itself, Labor will keep fighting for the people hurt by the government's broken promises,” the opposition leader said, adding that Labor had learnt its lesson from the Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard leadership changes.
The Liberal senator Cory Bernardi, who helped unseat Turnbull as Liberal leader in 2009, and who said their return would split the Liberal party, accused the communications minister of orchestrating the ambush. Bernardi said Turnbull was “up to their ears in this” and questioned how the minister could remain in the cabinet.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- It's the $64,000 question on Capitol Hill this week: what is responsible for the record escalation on oil prices?
Speculators have taken much of the blame. But on Wednesday, one of the nation's leading energy analysts said that it's more complicated than that and the cause is multi-faceted.
"In such circumstances as these, there is a tendency to seek a single explanation," said Daniel Yergin, in testimony before the Joint Economic Committee. "History, however, demonstrates that changes of this scale and significance result not from a single cause, but rather from a confluence of factors."
Yergin acknowledged that speculative traders looking to make a buck on oil have played a role in driving up prices and fanning fears about tightening supplies. But they also pointed to other factors, including the credit crisis and a weaker dollar.
"Financial markets are today playing an increasingly important role in price formation - responding to, accentuating, and exaggerating supply and demand, geopolitics and other trends," said Yergin, co-founder and chairperson of Cambridge Energy Research Associates.
Yergin said that markets have helped fuel a "shortage psychology" that the world is "running out of oil."
"As prices go up, this psychology becomes self-reinforcing - at least until the market turns," said Yergin.
The subprime mortgage meltdown has led to interest rate cuts and a weaker dollar - propelling the price increases, they added. Still, prices may be at or near their peak, said Yergin, who urged Americans to adopt a multi-faceted approach to alleviate the energy crisis.
Peak prices vs. peak demand
Yergin said that two years ago, they viewed a range of $120 to $150 a barrel as the "break point" for oil prices. Oil prices are trading within that range. Prices plunged on Wednesday following a government report that showed a buildup in supply, falling more than $4 a barrel to about $132 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
"As the committee knows, there is much talk about 'peak oil' supply these days," said Yergin. "However, we think something else is at hand - 'peak demand' - at least in terms of U.S. gasoline consumption," Yergin said. "In our view, 2007 may well have been the top, the peak, in terms of U.S. gasoline demand."
The average nationwide price for a gallon of unleaded gas was $4.067 on Wednesday, according to AAA. The highest recorded price of $4.080 occurred on June 16, according to AAA.
Yergin added that America must take aggressive measures to alleviate its oil problems. They said Americans should adopt a three-pronged approach: use of renewable energy sources and newly-discovered oil supplies - such as the discoveries in off-shore Brazil - as well as greater fuel efficiency.
"Alternatives and renewables have and should have an important role to play in our energy economy, and their role will grow," said Yergin. "A great deal of effort is going into innovation, and the impact will be significant. But the timing and scale remain uncertain."
Price bubble, or new reality?
Lawmakers, who are facing voter anger over high gas prices, have introduced nine different bills on speculation. Several of those measures have bipartisan support. Several hearings have been held this week with more scheduled.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., chairperson of the committee, convened Wednesday's hearing to examine the state of the international energy markets and the impact of oil prices on the U.S. economy. The focus of the meeting was to determine whether skyrocketing oil prices are a "bubble" or a "new reality."
"I think everyone would like to believe that high oil prices are a bubble, but they might not be," said Schumer. "Many would also like to believe that there is a silver bullet that can pop the bubble. But if there is no oil bubble, or prices temporarily decline and we put off doing the necessary things we have to do - like conservation or investing more in alternative fuel incentives - we'll be even further behind than we are now from breaking our foreign oil dependence."
Schumer also downplayed the role of speculators in driving up oil prices, and they placed blame on the oil industry and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
"I think it is interesting that the big oil companies and OPEC are blaming speculators for out-of-control prices, when they may be much more of the cause," said Schumer.
Schumer said the impact of speculation could be curtailed by raising margin requirements and strengthening regulations "but they may not solve the problem in the long-term, particularly if we think these are the only things that should be done."
Yergin hesitated, however, to condemn all forms of speculation. They said that hedging fuel prices was helping the airline industry in a difficult time. Southwest Airlines (LUV, Fortune 500), for example, has prospered while other airlines have lost money, largely because of hedging fuel and therefore avoiding today's skyrocketing prices.
"If they can't hedge, they would be in even worse shape," said Yergin. "So I think that removing liquidity from the market would not be a good thing to do."
Conservation is the key to alleviating the oil crisis, said Schumer, praising the 1970s-era conservation efforts of former California Gov. Jerry Brown in reducing that state's per capita energy consumption to this day.
"We must address the demand side of the oil equation," said Schumer.
Hmmm… obtuse swampy defense surfaces. CTH smells the strong residue of UniParty Flak and Countermeasures. Unfortunately, not necessarily surprising.
During an interview with Fox News Brett Baier, the Chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Trey Gowdy, claims former Ambassador Samantha Power did not initiate all the unmasking incidents attributed to them [Video Prompted – just hit play]
[04:35 Video] Brett Baier: “You are also looking, and have talked to the former Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power. We reported that they requested or their officer requested 260 plus efforts to unmask, in other words, get who was talking about picked up in surveillance. How did they answer that question? Why so many?”
Trey Gowdy: “Well, I'll tell you broadly, uh Brett, I think if they were on your show, they would say those attempt to unmask may have been attributed to them But they greatly exceed, by an exponential factor, the requests that they actually made. So that's their testimony, uh, and, and they were pretty emphatic. The surveillance community, the intelligence community, has assigned this number of requests to them – their perspective, their testimony is: ‘they may be under my name, but I did not make those requests‘.”
“So, we've got to get to the bottom of that; if there was someone else making requests on behalf of a principal in the intelligence community we need to know that because we are getting ready to reauthorize a program, that's really important to the country, but also has a masking component to it.”
Suspicious cat remains increasingly suspicious.
Advertisements
September 27, 2018
As announced over the past two weeks, it is with heavy hearts that the current senior management staff at Battle Calculator discontinue operations and move on to pursue other endeavors. Unfortunately we were unable to find enough replacements for our senior leadership team.
What started as a hobby in 2014 escalated into time commitments not justifiable to our families that rely on us to feed them. While the other, similar business ventures collect profits for their staff, we chose to reinvest our humble funds back into our services for the community and wouldn't have it any other way.
Battle Calculator has pursued the most current and accurate information for, and with, the community. We have achieved many firsts in the industry, not just in information reporting but also in our process systems and in recognizing the achievements of individuals. This is how we want to be remembered, and without the replacement of our senior management staff, our website services will discontinue on Sept. 26, 2018 rather than leaving them up with outdated information.
For those reproducing our work without written permission will be deemed in violation and pursued through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable intellectual properties regulatory bodies. IE. we realize there is valuable content worth continuing; please ask us for it and don't assume ownership.
We greatly thank our loyal and brilliant moderators (Modors), the supportive gaming community, the many partnerships with other game enthusiasts, and our relationships with game developers and producers, for making this opportunity very rewarding.
Emails to admin@BattleCalculator.com will be periodically reviewed.
You can't talk about religious liberty in Texas without mentioning Lester Roloff.
In the 1970s, Roloff, a Baptist preacher, was known for their homes for teenagers in Corpus Christi. A 1973 legislative report on child care in the state said members heard testimony from children previously in Roloff's Rebekah Home for Girls about irregular meals and whippings. Roloff told lawmakers their homes should be exempted from state interference due to their religious roots.
“We spanked them because God loves them, and we love them,” Roloff told the committee.
Those hearings led to the Legislature passing Senate Bill 965 in 1975, which established child care licensing laws in the state.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Now, 42 years later, Texas legislators are considering sharpening religious protections for faith-based groups the state hires to place children in foster and adoptive homes and oversee their care. Critics say this could give religious groups license to use their faith as a reason to refuse to place foster children with gay couples or with families with certain religious beliefs. Legislators say this could halt bipartisan warmth on bills changing how Texas cares for abused and neglected children.
Rep. James Frank, R-Wichita Falls, vice chairperson of the House Human Services Committee, has authored House Bill 3859, which would protect faith-based providers from retaliation if they assert their “sincerely held religious beliefs” while caring for abused and neglected children.
The bill would include allowing faith-based groups to deny a placement if it's against their religious beliefs; place a child in a religion-based school; deny referrals for abortion-related contraceptives, drugs or devices; and refuse to contract with other organizations that go against their religious beliefs.
Frank said the their bill is meant to give “reasonable accommodations” for faith-based groups and not meant to be exclusionary. They said the ultimate goal is to help find the right home for kids.
Faith-based organizations are closing their doors to foster children “because they can't afford to stay in business when they're getting sued on stuff,” Frank said. “They're basically being told to conform or get out on stuff that's important but it's not core to take care of foster homes.”
The potential religious liberty fight comes as Texas legislators try to reimagine how to care for vulnerable children and entice more communities to open their homes to them. Part of that strategy includes convincing more faith communities to partner with the state. Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick hosted a Faith Leader Summit in November encouraging congregations to help, and Texas First Lady Cecilia Abbott in January publicly urged religious groups to support foster families with donations and other activities.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
But Jennifer Allmon, executive director for the Texas Catholic Conference of Bishops, said that Catholic charities based in Texas are wary of continuing as child welfare providers without the protection that HB 3859 could offer. Allmon said some of the 13 such groups in Texas have faced lawsuits for not taking a young woman to get an abortion or not putting children in gay and lesbian households. For now, they said, the legislation's fate would be a "critical factor" in how Catholic Charities decides to move forward with the state.
“It's about recognizing the role of the faith-based provider and not extending beyond our role,” Allmon said. “We're asked to come forward and serve in this system because of our faith and our values and our mission.”
They pointed out that Catholic charities in California, the District of Columbia, Illinois and Massachusetts closed their foster care services when lawmakers did not pass religious protections for them. Right now, some of the groups in Texas have suspended services temporarily to see what the Legislature does about added protections.
Chuck Smith, CEO of Equality Texas, an LGBT rights group, said they were scared of HB 3859 after watching similar legislation become law in Michigan, North Dakota, South Dakota and Virginia. They said Frank's bill allows the possibility of children being denied services because of what a provider believes and that would not fly if it were any other state contractor.
“Any piece of legislation that would allow the personal or religious beliefs of a provider to override the best interest of the child is misplaced and I would suggest is a gross change in what religious liberty actually means,” Smith said.
It's unclear if HB 3859 will make it to the House floor, but there are rumblings among legislators that it could be tacked onto another child welfare measure, House Bill 6, as an amendment. That bill, also by Frank, would overhaul the child welfare system by allowing more contracted organizations to monitor children in foster care.
Rep. Eddie Rodriguez, D-Austin, a member of the Texas House's Child Protective Services work group, said Democrats have always been open to more faith-based organization involvement but that a religious liberty amendment would allow such groups to discriminate. They said a potential floor fight could be divisive.
"We didn't want to get into this political fight over foster care," Rodriguez said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Rep. Richard Peña Raymond, D-Laredo, chairperson of the House Human Services Committee, said no one has told them they would offer a religious liberty amendment to HB 6. They said this kind of debates could open up a potential amendment banning religious groups from participating in the program if clergy members have been convicted or paid out settlements for sexually assaulting children.
“Those folks like that should think about that,” Raymond said of groups supporting a religious liberty protection as an amendment.
Bee Moorhead, executive director of Texas Impact, said it's all about the most effective group getting the contract and following the state's rules. However, they said if legislators are keen to give more protections, there needs to be a sit-down meeting with lawmakers and all of the faith-based groups. They said not all groups have the same needs and many feel current religious protections are enough. Texas Impact has not taken a position on HB 3859.
“This isn't a topic that lends itself well to sound bites,” Moorhead said. “It's too easy for politicians and advocates to short change the policy in favor of a glib soundbite and not realize the politics are too complicated and the stakes are too high.”
Not to mention “the devil is in the details” with HB 3859, said Joshua Houston, director of government affairs for Texas Impact. They pointed out allowing groups protection if they have “sincerely held religious beliefs” can apply to views on physical discipline, diets, medical care, blood transfusions, vaccinations and how boys and girls are treated. They said that kind of ambiguity is what made Roloff untouchable for decades.
“When you say ‘sincerely held religious beliefs,' you're opening the door wide,” Houston said. “There's all kind of weird religious beliefs that are out there.”
Read related Tribune coverage:
After months of calls from advocates to take drastic measures, both chambers unanimously passed bills on Wednesday that would change how the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services cares for vulnerable children.
Texas children facing abuse and neglect is set to be a major issue during this year's session as legislators grapple with less funding, a federal court case and troubling headlines about failings at the Department of Family and Protective Services.
Texas First Lady Cecilia Abbott and Department of Family and Protective Services Commissioner Hank Whitman are making a push for religious groups to give their time and services to help foster families.
Disclosure: Chuck Smith has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here.
Stanley Kubrick was a notorious perfectionist—Slim Pickens turned down the role of Dick Hallorann in The Shining, eventually played by Scatman Crothers, because Kubrick refused to promise to limit their number of takes on any of Pickens' shots to under 100.
So it's no surprise that Kubrick gave some thought to the foreign-language versions of their movies. One of the pivotal scenes in The Shining occurs when Wendy Torrance, played by Shelley Duvall, comes upon the thick, typewritten manuscript that their husband Jack has been working on for weeks, only to find that every single page is covered with thousands of iterations of the creepy phrase “All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.”
Kubrick understood that the power of the scene is considerably blunted if you can't understand the text and therefore must rely on a bland, impersonal, possibly poorly translated subtitle at the bottom of the screen. So Kubrick took the time to shoot four other versions of the scene, for use in the Spanish, Italian, French, and German cuts of the movie. According to The Overlook Hotel, a website run by Toy Story 3 director Lee Unkrich that is dedicated to Shining ephemera and lore, “Kubrick filmed a number of different language versions of the ‘All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy' insert shot as Wendy leafs through Jack's work. Many of these alternate language stacks of paper can be seen in the Stanley Kubrick Archive.”
Italian:
Il mattino ha l'oro in bocca
(The morning has gold in its mouth) German:
Was du heute kannst besorgen, das verschiebe nicht auf morgen
(Never put off until tomorrow what can be done today) Spanish:
No por mucho madrugar amanece más temprano
(No matter how early you get up, you can't make the sun rise any sooner) French:
Un Tiens vaut mieux que deux Tu l'auras
(What you have is worth much more than what you will have)
The link provided by The Overlook Hotel is 404, and my lengthy, feverish attempts to track down pictures of these “alternate stacks of paper,” alas, came to nothing. I would love to see these stacks of paper!
I was able to track down stills of the German and Italian versions on the Internet, but I can't vouch for their authenticity. They do look legit, though.
Here's the legendary “All work and no play” scene—in English:
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
The Shining: Overlook Hotel Children's Placemat
Impressive Jack Nicholson from ‘The Shining' and 1/6th scale Joker head sculptures
Yellow Hook becomes Bay Ridge.
Friday, December 16 marks the 163rd anniversary of Bay Ridge. It was back in 1853 that a group of prominent landowners, village officials and residents met in the District 2 schoolhouse located on the east side of Third Avenue near present day 73rd Street.
Concerned about the stigma of a name associated with yellow fever, they assembled to hear suggestions for a new name for their growing hamlet. Florist James Weir — who had greenhouses and plant nurseries in the region — taking into consideration the geographic layout of the area, specifically the Narrows Bay on the waterfront and the high ridge resulting from the glacial moraine, proposed the name, “Bay Ridge.”
According to historic accounts, it was unanimous accepted and a resolution approving the name change was passed. Yellow Hook and Fort Hamilton were neighboring villages and part of the town of New Utrecht which in turn was part of Kings County but not Brooklyn. It wasn't until 1894 that New Utrecht was annexed by the then-city of Brooklyn. However, in 1898, with the consolidation of the city of New York, Brooklyn became one of the city's five boroughs.
When Bay Ridge celebrated its sesquicentennial (that's 150 years, folks), it was a grand celebration. Church bells rang throughout community. Near the shoreline, Fort Hamilton soldiers fired a 21-gun salute. There was a NYPD helicopter flyover, a FDNY fireboat rendered a high-powered water-spray salute, and the Xaverian High School Band played in concert.
Later in the evening, with rotating searchlights flooding the entrance to Fort Hamilton High School, the Sesquicentennial Committee held a party in the school auditorium, with the drama students putting on a short skit on how Bay Ridge was named.
In addition, the school's concert band played musical selections from “Saturday Night Fever,” the national anthem and “America the Beautiful” were sung by America's famous tenor Daniel Rodriguez and, as a grand finale, a large birthday cake was rolled out on the stage.
During the anniversary year, a large bronze plaque was attached to the Bay Ridge library and a large mural was painted by the students of Fort Hamilton High School on the side of the Foodtown Supermarket, 91st Street off Third Avenue.
This writer, also a local historian, will be speaking about the naming and legacy of Bay Ridge at the next meeting of the Colonial Club of Bay Ridge on Thursday, December 15 at 12:30 p.m. at Gino's Restaurant on Fifth Avenue, perhaps offering a toast to the 163rd birthday of Bay Ridge.
* * *
At a pre-Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day Ceremony on December 5, Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams was presented with the “Greatest Generation” service award by World War II veterans including Pearl Harbor survivor and Navy veteran Reverend James Blakely, who were in attendance at the Borough Hall event sponsored by the Cadman Park Conservancy headed by Toba Potosky.
Exclusive The UK's Student Loans Company has wasted £50m on a canned IT transformation project, designed to provide a “digital by default” system to cope with a major increase in student numbers.
The programme was launched in 2013 in conjunction with the Government Digital Service and was intended to be a "robust and agile customer-centred student finance system."
It was supposed to tackle the "very poor" student experience, due to a lack of case information and introduce a modern, integrated and flexible IT system to enable "the safe delivery of They reform, including changes to borrowers' repayment terms including variable interest rates."
However, the project was quietly shelved last year following an assessment by the Major Projects Authority, according to Freedom of Information response sent to The Register today.
The note said the project was formally closed in September 2015 to "allow for a tighter focus on specific priority areas of investment."
Back in 2013 the chairperson of the SLC, Christian Brodie, said: "The Transformation Programme brings us the opportunity to become a standard-bearer for the government's digital delivery agenda. We have already made progress here, becoming an exemplar Government Digital Service organisation."
Outsourcer HCL was appointed as delivery partner to build replacement Core Ledger and Security modules, with three online applications going live in January 2014. The Register understands that problems arose between integrating the internally developed software and the core engine provided by HCL.
The debacle has echoes of the Rural Payments Agency IT disaster, which saw the blurred lines of accountability between GDS and the agency end in a failure to integrate the digital front-end with the back-end system.
That led to a budget overrun of 40 per cent to £215m, and will incur penalties from the EU of £180m per year. The Public Accounts Committee later described a digital reset by GDS as "inappropriate".
Much like the RPA, the SLC has also been held up as a digital exemplar. Both agencies also have a long history of IT disasters.
The FoI response sent to The Register said: "The total amount spent on the Programme between its inception in 2013 and March 2015 was £48.8m. The predicted lifecycle benefits of the Programme, as validated by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) are valued at £94.1m. These benefits are derived from a number of process and system improvements."
But the cancellation of the project raises a huge question over how SLC will now cope with the increase in student numbers and repayments. The total value of outstanding student loans will increase from £46bn in 2013 to approximately £200bn by 2042, the National Audit Office has said.
The Register has contacted the SLC for further comment. ®
Implanting a microchip inside the brain to augment its mental powers has long been a science fiction trope. Now, the brain computer interface is suddenly the hot new thing in tech. This spring, Elon Musk started a new company, Neuralink, to do it. Facebook, at its F8 developer's conference, showed a video of an ALS patient typing with their brain. But earlier to the game was Bryan Johnson, an entrepreneur who in 2013 made a bundle by selling their company, Braintree, to Paypal for $800 million. Last year, they used $100 million of that to start Kernel, a company that is exploring how to build and implant chips into the skulls of those with some form of neurological disease and dysfunction, to reprogram their neural networks to restore some of their lost abilities.
Steven Levy is Editor-in-Chief at Backchannel. ——— Sign up to get Backchannel's weekly newsletter.
But helping to restore a damaged brain is only an entry point for Kernel. Johnson, a 39-year-old from Utah, is looking forward—with almost unseemly enthusiasm—to the day that healthy people can get neural augmentation. They have emerged as one of the most eloquent evangelists of reinventing the human brain. Needless to say, this effort raises lots of questions—the very questions I raised to them in a conversation recently. (It's been edited for clarity and brevity.) Will their answers make you sign up for a brain computer interface? (Warning: it's kind of invasive, but Johnson hopes that we might figure out how to do it without major noggin demolition.) Read it and make your own decision—albeit with your obsolete, unmodified brain.
Steven Levy: Why do you want to put in a chip in the brain?
Bryan Johnson: The next frontier of human aspiration is inside our brains. We currently understand the world through our sensory mechanisms, and we will find thousands or millions of Everests as we unlock our brains.
We've run out of Everests, and now we have to make them up?
I look at the current set of things that I could potentially do, and I would like more options.
These are things you would like to do but you feel constrained because your brain isn't powerful enough?
Yes, I feel incredibly constrained in my current configuration. In my ability to process information, to remember it, to consume it, to think about it. Even my imagination—in my ability to contemplate things I'm unfamiliar with. I can only imagine things I'm familiar with.
Couldn't some of these concerns be addressed by humans working in concert with machine intelligence, without having to change our own brains?
Let me ask you this: What does the human race look like in 50 years or 100 years from now? What does it mean to be a human?
I don't know the answer. Maybe my brain's too small.
Humans currently reign supreme on planet Earth, because we are the most powerful form of intelligence. So therefore, we decide who we eat, who we have as pets, who we allow going extinct, who is saved, who is neutered, who can reproduce. We are currently developing a new form of intelligence in the form of AI that is increasingly capable, whether it's conscious or not. For humans to be relevant in a matter of decades there is no choice other than to unlock our brains and intervene in our cognitive evolution. If you try to imagine a world where we are happy 30, 40, 50 years from now, there is no version of that future where we have not been able to figure out how to read and write our neural code.
Right now, we haven't figured that out. What makes you feel that, even within a few decades, we will gain the understanding doing this?
What did we know prior to trying to sequence the genome? What did we know prior to trying to go on the moon?
Probably more than we know now about the brain.
But do we know that?
Seriously, what convinces you that we can “unlock” the brain and make ourselves superhumanly smart?
I don't have any degree of confidence in our success. That's the most intellectually honest [answer] I could give. Society says that the brain is incredibly complex. But we haven't previously had the tools to properly probe it, so we don't know. We might make breakthroughs of fundamental understanding within 5, 10 years.
You've said that one thing that might be beneficial for humanity would be to alter our brains to do more positive things. Like not going to war — would our brains be restructured to reduce hostility?
All of those become options. I want that to become an option.
Changing our brains to alter our feelings sounds dystopian to me. Haven't you seen Black Mirror?
I have. This is the emotional experience we always have with emerging technology. When most people encounter this, they have the same visceral response: “That's scary. I feel uncomfortable. I like myself just the way I am.” As people warm up to the idea, they marinate in it and contemplate the other factors at play. Why do we think that what we have is so sacred? Why do we think that we are the holy standard at this point in time and that to change the configuration needs some massive justification? Isn't humanity a constant effort to change ourselves, through things like meditation? Are we not just inherently dissatisfied with ourselves?
Those are changes from within. What I think might be scary about what you propose is it is won't only be individuals saying, “I'm re-programming my brain,” but that things might be imposed on them.
I agree that once something's inside the brain it's different than, say, a cell phone. But all of these things are gradients of the same evolution we've always had. It's the same arguments that we've always had about emerging tech. The answer to all of them is, I would love to live in a pleasant world. A world in which I can be safe, I can flourish creatively, I feel purpose and meaning.
But if some people raise their abilities by brain augmentation, wouldn't people who don't change be at a disadvantage? They might not be able to compete in education, in jobs, and even in cocktail conversation. So it really wouldn't be a choice, would it?
Well, how do you feel about some people getting a private education and other people being stuck in inner city schools?
I don't feel great about it.
So it's already happening. People somehow think that a cognitive improvement is something new to the scene. It's not. We just simply have different forms. A private education is a form of enhancement. Humans always do whatever they can to maximize their well being. If we simply add technology to the brain, it's a continuation of what humans have always done. Now, my hope is that we can build technology that would be accessible for billions. But the point is, this is not a new problem.
You feel this is inevitable?
Unquestionably.
So when is your best guess of when you might have a computer chip in your head?
It depends on the type of technology and it depends on whether nation-states would allow an elective process, instead of me having to have the burden of some type of dysfunction or disease. So, if I have a healthy brain, when could I get this? I would say within 9-10 years.
Do you think in 100 years the books that have been written up to our time won't be read by people because they'll be too elementary?
100 percent.
All the great masters will look like stick figures.
I don't think so. Future people will piece that story together to look back on this evolutionary track. Which humans did what? Which humans contributed what to our present day pleasantness and what are the things we've done well for this species?
But it seems to me that you're really talking about a pivot in human activity, from a biological evolutionary pace into something which skyrockets it into a supercharged artificial evolution path that changes what "human" is.
Exactly. We are now in the era of self-directed evolution. Genetically, biologically, neurologically, and physically. I'm just waiting for a nation-state to raise its hand and say, “We are the home for human potential. Bring your technologies and let's do it.”
Are there any nation-states thinking about that now?
I've had a couple of conversations in confidence, and I would say there's more interest than a lot of people realize. When it comes to a nation-state's competitiveness, [I think] that once this starts breaking it's going to break fast.
Anti-choicers have taken to claiming that women shouldn't have contraception, because "pregnancy isn't a disease". This makes as much sense as saying women shouldn't have access to exercise, because being out of shape isn't a disease.
Sarah Morice-Brubaker at Religion Dispatches has a fascinating article on the way the anti-choice movement has picked up the rallying cry that “pregnancy isn't a disease,” and the various historical understandings of the female body that feed this. The rallying cry is in service of depriving women of contraception access, on the grounds that because you can be pregnant until your uterus gives out, you should be pregnant until your uterus gives out. (At what point, they'll probably say that it's now diseased and medical science should find a way to restore it so that women never get a break from the threat of pregnancy.) As Sarah points out, the reason they've been picking this up is in part because it sounds “feminist-ish,” but it's also because they want to bait you into debating whether or not pregnancy is a “disease,” which is a distraction from what we should be talking about.
What we need to be talking about is not disease, but health. The statement “pregnancy is not a disease,” when offered to support removing the right to prevent pregnancy, is profoundly misogynist. It's a minimalist view of what women deserve. It's based in the belief that as long as the body is still functioning and can make babies, that's all you need. I would argue instead of a feminist point of view, where it's not enough to keep women alive and officially disease-free. We don't want women to be just not-sick. We want them to be healthy. Not just healthy, but thriving.
The “pregnancy is not a disease” mindset supports a gruesome view of women as machines, instead of human beings. Does the car move? Does the refrigerator keep food cold? Does the computer hook you up to the internet? Then all is well! We don't worry if the refrigerator is happy, or the car has self-determination, or the computer has a chance to fill its life ambitions.
The health-oriented view sees the individual woman as more than a machine that has to be kept working, but requires nothing more. The health-oriented view imagines health as a positive value, more than simply the “absence of sickness,” but a state that can be improved to the benefit of the individual. Therefore health care is about more than disease prevention, but about helping a person get the most value out of their life. It's about more than simply not-dying, but about actual living.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
I'd argue that most people see “health” in this positive sense, and not just in this “absence of disease” sense. When we describe someone as “healthy,” we're imagining someone who is out of shape, lethargic, and feeling down, but falling short of actually ill or depressed. We imagine positive qualities. We imagine a person who is not only disease-free, but also energetic, in good physical shape, and feeling good. When we say that someone has a healthy outlook on life, we don't mean merely that they aren't depressed—we're talking about a positive value, a person who has a good outlook that actively improves life.
So, setting aside the fact that constant pregnancy and fear of pregnancy may not technically be a disease, we can say beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is not healthy. The person who is suffering from unwanted pregnancy is still not well.
Health care is about more than preventing and curing disease. It's also about preventing and curing not-wellness. Preventing and curing disease is part of health care, but it's only a part. Good doctors believe that health care is about making sure people's bodies are working for them, not just that they're technically functioning.
For instance, when I was a young girl, I had fairly severe asthma, and it took a lot of work to keep it under control. When I was sitting in the doctor's office and listening to all the things I needed to do in order to not be sick or die of asthma, did my doctor try to buck me up by saying, “If you do everything right, when you're an adult you'll be able to take some medications and go outside?” Did they say, “With all these medications and some time, we can make sure to achieve a minimum of keeping your body alive?” Hell no! That would make them a terrible doctor. They did more than tell me about not-sickness. They sat me down and described a future of having health. They pointed to their medal for finishing a marathon, told me they were also a childhood asthmatic, and told me that if I took my medications and took care of my body, I could do more than not be dead, but that I too could be an athlete. I could be a person whose body did more than achieve the bare minimum of not being sick, but be someone who was healthy, in body and mind.
Women need to be able to prevent pregnancy not because pregnancy is a disease, but because a woman who is gestating against them will isn't in a healthy place. She's is a sad place, and their body is out of their control. Sure, she's achieving the bare minimum of not being broken, but since she's not a machine but a human being, they have a right to demand more than that. They deserve to have a body that's in line with their life goals. They deserve to have a mind that is doing more than coping with their sad life, but is engaging in happiness and productiveness. Life is about more than not dying, It's about living. And access to contraception is something the vast majority of women need to live their lives to their fullest, to have more than being not-broken and not-dead, but to be genuinely healthy.
Steve Squyers maneuvers to an anchor point on "asteroid" rock wall during one of the extravehicular activities.
Four aquanauts descended to an undersea research base off the Florida Keys Monday (June 11), kicking off a 12-day mission designed to help future spaceflyers explore near-Earth asteroids.
The four adventurers entered the Aquarius research station — which sits 62 feet (19 meters) down in the ocean about 3.5 miles (5.6 kilometers) off-Key Largo — at 12 p.m. EDT (1600 GMT) Monday, NASA officials said.
The 16th expedition in the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations program, or NEEMO, has now officially begun. Because NEEMO missions put participants in a hostile, alien environment, they're good analogs for expeditions to asteroids, planets, moons or other space destinations, officials said.
NEEMO aquanauts can simulate living on a spacecraft and test techniques for future space missions. NASA can also weigh down the participants to varying degrees, to simulate different gravity environments.
NEEMO 16 will focus on ways to help future astronauts explore near-Earth asteroids, a key priority for NASA. Two years ago, President Barack Obama instructed the space agency to work toward sending humans to a nearby space rock by 2025. [Gallery: Visions of NASA Asteroid Mission]
"We're trying to look out into the future and understand how we'd operate on an asteroid," NASA astronaut Mike Gernhardt, NEEMO principal investigator, said in a statement. "You don't want to make a bunch of guesses about what you'll need and then get to the asteroid to find out it won't work the way you thought it would. NEEMO helps give us the information we need to make informed decisions now."
NEEMO 16's undersea crew consists of astronaut Dottie M. Metcalf-Lindenburger, Japanese spaceflyer Kimiya Yui, European Space Agency astronaut Timothy Peake and Cornell University professor Steven Squyres, who is also the lead scientist for NASA's Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers.
The crewmembers' activities over the next 12 days will focus on three core areas — dealing with communication delays, figuring out optimum crew sizes and coming up with ways to attach to asteroids (and stay attached to a space vehicle during excursions).
Metcalf-Lindenburger, Yui, Peake and Squyres will stay underwater for the duration of NEEMO 16, which concludes June 22.
Aquarius is the world's only undersea research station, according to NASA officials. It sits on a sandy patch of seafloor next to coral reefs in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. Aquarius is owned by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and managed by the University of North Carolina at Wilmington.
The 81-ton Aquarius measures 43 feet by 20 feet by 16.5 feet (13 by 6 by 5 meters). The research station has six bunks and many of the comforts of home, including a shower, a toilet, hot water, a microwave, a refrigerator, air conditioning and computers with a wireless link to shore.
Follow SPACE.com on Twitter @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
[Editor's Note: March kicks off a season of big-time showdowns, grudge matches and maybe a few team-ups. Infamous as the month when Brutus betrayed Caesar, March will get even more epic because Batman will take on Superman on the big screen, Daredevil will get company in Hell's Kitchen in the form of The Punisher on Netflix, and The Flash shall race on over to CBS to meet Supergirl. And, of course, just a few weeks after this kickoff, we'll see a breakdown in the friendship between Captain America and Iron Man in Marvel's Civil War movie. Because we love seeing a good battle between titans, we've dedicated March to versus. Over the next four weeks, check this space for stories on title fights in superhero stories, horror, science and more!]
NASA currently has its ambitious bullseye aimed at Mars — but should the space agency shift the target a bit closer to home first?
Putting humans on Mars has been the stuff of science fiction for decades, and after humanity reached the moon in the late 1960s, it seemed we were just a few decades away from expanding our footprint further into the stars. But, with the Space Race essentially won, public interest, excitement and (arguably most importantly) funding started to wane in the intervening decades — and we're still no closer to Mars than we were in the 1960s.
If anything, we might even be further away now. Hey, at least when Neil Armstrong was kicking around on the lunar surface they had knocked 239,000 miles off the 140 million (give or take a few million) mile journey to Mars. Remember: once the Apollo missions came to an end in 1975, it took 40 years for another crew-designed spacecraft (the unmanned test of NASA's Orion spacecraft in 2014) to even travel to the far edge of Earth orbit. That's a long time, especially considering that all the pieces of equipment that did it in the Apollo missions are literal antiques now.
We went to the moon 40+ years ago on the back of American ingenuity, iron wills and (mostly) good fortune — but it's easy to forget that it's been a long time since humans have actually been that far away from home. With the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel saying NASA's current proposal to reach Mars could be unsafe and untenable (largely due to limited funding that makes the project unfeasible in its current form), and Congress openly questioning the overall direction of the space agency on a grand scale, it begs the question: Should we reclaim the moon before engaging in a much riskier mission to plant a flag on Mars?
A moon mission could work and be affordable
Zoom In
A NASA-funded study from 2015 found that commercial partnerships with companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin could significantly cut costs for a return to the moon — from a projected $100 billion to around $10-20 billion. Dubbed the “Economic Assessment and Systems Analysis of an Evolvable Lunar Architecture That Leverages Commercial Space Capabilities and Public-Private-Partnerships,” the proposal put forth a phased partnership similar to what NASA is doing to develop U.S. crew capsules from the International Space Station (ISS). But, at least to this point, NASA has made no moves to actually adopt many of the recommendations from the report.
Tom Moser, a former NASA official who served on the independent review team for the study, told Blastr they believe NASA's current path is “greatly flawed” — but a return to the Moon has the potential to right the ship. With no clear direction, Moser said they believe NASA's current Mars plan will likely be scrapped or retooled in the future, a move that could leave the space agency with even less direction than it has now.
“NASA's current path ... is to develop a rocket and as spacecraft to go somewhere someday, with no significant technology development. A mission with a clear objective, a schedule and a commitment is necessary to be successful," Moser said. "I believe the current ‘path' is expensive, is perceived as a jobs program and will be terminated as part of future budgets, especially if there is a $100 billion mission identified. It also eliminates the U.S. from being the world leader in human space exploration.”
Instead of pushing all its chips in on Mars, Moser said they would like to see NASA consider the lunar partnership plan, noting it would be immediately feasible to get started thanks to a phased budgeting approach of less than $5 billion per year. Even more, Moser posited a return to the Moon would allow NASA to test and develop new technology while leveraging the advances of private space firms, all of which could eventually help us reach Mars safely in the future.
Jim Bell, a professor in the School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University who also serves as president of The Planetary Society, told Blastr they are encouraged by NASA's ambition to push deeper into our solar system by using robots and eventual human orbit missions to lead to manned missions on Mars' moons, then the Red Planet itself by the late 2030s (he participated in a study that said as much last year). But, within the next decade or so, they questioned why NASA wouldn't use the Moon as a proving ground for the next generation of space explorers.
“I believe the focus for the near-term (next decade or so) should rightly be on the infrastructure to enable astronauts in the 2020s and 2030s to potentially visit a variety of destinations," Bell said. "It seems to me that the Moon should be a logical part of any new thrust for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit, but the details will depend on policies and funding levels that will be established by the next few Presidential administrations and congresses.”
Put simply: it's right there. Use it.
The Moon is the safer, smarter bet
Zoom In
It seems almost silly to say, but one reason NASA is so keen on reaching Mars is almost certainly because the idea, itself, is a sexy one. Much as the Moon represented the nigh-unattainable cosmos in the 1950s and 1960s, that longing has largely shifted to Mars in the present day. But, like it or not, humanity is arguably just not equipped to mount such an ambitious mission at this point. Sobering, but true.
Much of the technology and research needed to do it just doesn't exist, yet, and though NASA's Orion craft might be our Cadillac to the stars in the future, we're still a long way away from the cutting-edge ship Mark Watney and their gang of near-future explorers used to reach the Red Planet in The Martian. We're so used to seeing these things in science fiction, however, that it's getting harder and harder to reconcile fact with fiction. It's been decades since 2001: A Space Odyssey blew us away with the Discovery One, but we're nowhere close to turning something like that into reality.
So, where's the closest target to test out and develop that tech? Ding, ding, ding. The Moon. Studies posit that the Moon, with its reduced gravity, would be the perfect place for a spaceport/refueling station to the rest of our solar system. Beyond that, there are still a lot of things we can learn from our closest celestial neighbor with modern technology, with research tech that was unfathomable back in the Apollo days. Bell put it simply when asked if NASA should return to the Moon before setting off for Mars: “Absolutely!”
“There is still an enormous amount of scientific information to learn about the Moon -- and thus about the history of our own home planet -- by sending skilled astronauts back to study that world. The Apollo missions proved the value of well-selected sample return missions being led by carefully-trained off-planet field geologists. As well, in my opinion the Moon will absolutely be a proving ground for future technologies and procedures needed to work effectively in deep space, whether it be on the Moon, itself, on asteroids, on Mars, or its moons. We should take advantage of this spectacular natural deep space laboratory that's right here in our own back yard.”
Looking in a more inspirational direction, Moser said a partnered approach to moon exploration (and even eventual colonization) could also help inspire fresh “creativity and imagination,” by using a mix of robots and human explorers.
But what about the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM)?
Zoom In
You can't talk about Mars without mentioning NASA's stop-gap project the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM), a robotic mission designed to visit a large near-Earth asteroid, collect a multi-ton boulder from its surface, and redirect it into a stable orbit around the Moon. It's no small task to be sure. Once the asteroid is in orbit, NASA wants to send astronauts to explore it and bring back samples in the 2020s.
NASA has billed the project as a major component in its overall Mars strategy that will be used to develop new technology and gain spaceflight experience that will be invaluable in a manned Mars mission. But, not everyone agrees about that last point. Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) called the project a “time-wasting distraction,” while some in the scientific community question exactly how much scientific information it will actually provide, since the main focus is on redirecting the asteroid, as opposed to thoroughly exploring it. Moser agrees with the dissenters, and didn't mince words in regards to ARM, calling it a “stunt will no significant benefits, especially for getting to Mars or for serious human space exploration.”
Bell noted the spirit of the asteroid mission is a noble one, though the details of the project seem to have evolved since it was first announced. They said they do, however, see the potential scientific benefits and how that tech could scale out to an eventual Mars mission. Whether it takes the form of ARM, or a mission back to the moon, Bell said they hope NASA will continue to take some incremental steps toward Mars and work across departments to reach that goal.
“ARM has some major components to it that are consistent with my personal hope to see major advances in infrastructure development that will allow us to go beyond low Earth orbit, regardless of the destination. I am not sure that the idea of bringing an asteroid or part of an asteroid back to lunar orbit was really what President Obama had in mind when they announced the goal several years ago of sending NASA astronauts to visit and study an asteroid.
Regardless, after a bit of a rough start, the project has grown to demonstrate a remarkable willingness of the Human Exploration and Science sides of NASA to work closely together on projects of mutually beneficial interest. Nurturing that collaboration, whether or not ARM actually comes to pass or not, is -- in my opinion -- one of the keys to the success of any eventual mission to take astronauts beyond low Earth orbit.”
Be it ARM, or the moon, NASA needs something in the middle.
Another small step
It's been 40 years since we left the safety of our planet and set foot on another piece of real estate. Like it or not, humanity may need to crawl, again, before trying to walk. Taking aim at Mars as the first major mission for Orion would be one heck of a marathon — which is asking a lot for a space agency that hasn't left orbit in (by that point) half a century.
When did the Moon lose its majesty and wonder? Spoiler alert: It didn't. We just forgot how wondrous it could be, because we haven't been there in so long. After becoming the sixth man to ever set foot on the lunar surface, Apollo 14 astronaut Edgar Mitchell colorfully said as much in a profile in People Magazine circa 1974:
“From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag them a quarter of a million miles out and say, ‘Look at that, you son of a b*tch.'”
With the right focus, we can find that reverence once again — and there's every chance it could be the lynchpin to helping us explore the rest of the solar system.
The co-chief of movie studio Village Roadshow is warning of a new wave of site blocking efforts in Australia. Graham Burke says they have a long list of sites to block when the court resumes in February. Worryingly, they have also renewed their promise to sue pirate site users.
Given that Australia is often credited with giving its consumers products that have been available in other regions for some time, it perhaps fits that the country has often been behind the times when it comes to anti-piracy measures.
Still, it's doing its best to catch up now.
From having almost no way of dealing with unauthorized content consumption (besides giving consumers what they want in a timely fashion at a fair price), Australia is now blazing trails on the site-blocking front. Mid-December marked the beginning of the practice Down Under, when the Federal Court ordered ISPs to block The Pirate Bay and several other sites.
Days later and the first blocks were in place but defeated in seconds by anyone with a basic knowledge of Windows settings. Nevertheless, the content industries feel this is the way forward and are now doubling down.
Speaking with Mashable, Graham Burke, co-chief of Village Roadshow, is warning that a new wave of blocks is already on the horizon, informing the publication that their company is determined to go after pirate sites “big time.”
Burke, who is Australia's most out-spoken individual on piracy issues, says that pirate site users won't have long to wait to find out which domains will be targeted. When the court resumes in February, it will be all systems go, they said.
“There's a list as long as my arm,” they said.
Of course, this revelation comes as no surprise. Over in the UK, where a similar model is in place, site blocking is now a regular occurrence. Often happening by stealth, site blocks are mainly put in place by rightsholders that have been granted permission to amend existing court orders. There's now zero fanfare when another dozen or a hundred sites get added to the nation's unofficial blocklist.
Things will be slightly more public in Australia though, and new injunctions will be required for sites not already covered by earlier orders. That said, the process is now fairly well understood and having dozens of new sites blocked shouldn't prove too difficult, once they are determined to be both infringing and based overseas.
But while site-blocking is certainly part of the puzzle, Burke has once again reiterated their intention to pursue one of the most unpopular anti-piracy strategies. Despite the practice failing to have much positive effect in any other region in the past 15 years, the studio boss says their company will stick to its plan of suing file-sharers.
“We have the legal ability and the right to do,” Burke told Mashable. “Unlike previous areas where that's been explored, if anyone is of dire circumstances or poor health and they undertake to stop doing it, we will accept that.”
While suing the sick and disadvantaged has never ended well for copyright holders, Burke's insistence that their strategy aims to “win people's hearts and minds” is optimistic, to say the least.
Suing end-users is extremely messy and equally expensive unless large ‘fines' are handed out to supposed infringers to cover costs. When that's the case, suing starts to look more like a profit center than a deterrent, at which point the moral high-ground is lost and hearts and minds disappear forever.
That being said, the vow to sue members of the public is hardly a new one. Burke made the same comments almost a year ago and the studio seems no closer to actually carrying out its threats. That's not to say the company won't try though.
While the copyright trolls behind the movie Dallas Buyers Club failed in their quest to ‘fine' pirates Down Under, a company like Village Roadshow that already has respect in the region would likely face fewer obstacles. It's certainly possible, but still ill-advised.
Update: Internet Australia CEO Laurie Patton informs TorrentFreak that Burke is on a “suicide mission that can only piss off their customers.”
Patton says that the Hollywood-backed anti-piracy campaigners in Australia have never provided any plausible evidence of significant financial losses due to ‘unlawful' downloading.
They also note that last year's inaugural site-blocking court cases only involved a handful of Internet Service Providers in a market where industry estimates suggest there are more than 250 ISP's.
“As I told Mashable, it looks more like a PR exercise than a realistic counter to ‘piracy'. Even our Prime Minister, Mr Turnbull, has argued that making content more easily accessible at reasonable prices would be a better way to deal with the issue,” Patton says.
Former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton, once on the shortlist to be the next secretary of State, said President Obama is uncomfortable with the U.S. leading the world on issues like Israeli settlement building.
“I think this is a deep reflection of Obama's ideology,” they said Tuesday of the United States' recent abstention from a U.N. Security Council vote on a resolution condemning Israel's settlement policy. "He sees Israel in much the same way they see the United States.”
“[Obama] dislikes American exceptionalism, they dislike Israeli exceptionalism,” Bolton added on Fox News's “The O'Reilly Factor." "They're just one more country, just like the United States is just one more country.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“That's what this vote was about in my view. I think they see this as their way to set it straight. He's going to try to affect that in their remaining days in office," they said.
The Security Council last Friday passed a resolution, 14-0, demanding an end to Israeli settlement building in occupied territories disputed with the Palestinians.
The U.S. had the power to veto the measure but abstained, despite pressure from President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Samantha Power Samantha Jane Power'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Heather Nauert is the wrong choice for UN ambassador Khashoggi editor on Trump Saudi statement: 'This is a new low' MORE, the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., condemned Netanyahu last Friday for allowing settlement expansion while seeking a two-state solution with the Palestinians.
“One cannot simultaneously champion expanding Israeli settlements and champion a viable a two-state solution that would end the conflict,” they said in a statement to the Security Council. "One has to make a choice between settlements and separation.”
The Obama administration's abstention was a break from a longstanding U.S. policy of shielding Israel from U.N. reproaches.
Critics say Israeli settlements are an added obstacle to the Israeli–Palestinian peace process, with some viewing them as a human rights violation.
Trump said the U.S. should side with Israel ahead of the Security Council's vote by vetoing any resolution attacking Israeli settlements.
“As the United States has long maintained, peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians will only come through direct negotiations between the parties, and not through the imposition of terms by the United Nations,” they said in a Dec. 22 statement.
SAN JOSE — Two former San Jose State University students were sentenced Monday morning to 30 days in jail or weekend work for battering an African-American suitemate in their campus dormitory, while a third former student was put on probation.
The punishment fell short of the 120 days in jail that prosecutors had sought in the controversial bullying case that roiled the university campus, spurring allegations of race-based harassment. The three men were acquitted of hate crime charges.
“This was not simply a prank, according to the jury,” Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Thang Nguyen Barrett told defendants Colin Warren and Logan Beaschler. “You have committed a crime.”
Warren and Beaschler are eligible to do weekend work in their home counties and will have to serve only half their sentences. Each must also do 50 hours of volunteer work with a nonprofit organization serving the black community and enroll in a cultural awareness program on the African-American experience or the black civil rights movement.
Co-defendant Joseph “Brett” Bomgardner was sentenced to one day in jail, but will get credit for time served, and was spared weekend duty. Like Warren and Beaschler, they must do 50 hours of volunteer work and take a sensitivity class.
The three men are in their early 20s. A fourth student in the case was 17 at the time and was charged as a juvenile offender. The court system keeps juvenile prosecutions confidential.
Last month, a jury of six men and women — none of them African-Americans — found the three men guilty of misdemeanor battery on Donald Williams Jr., a black student who shared the same dormitory suite. In the worst incident, some of the defendants clamped a U-shaped bicycle lock around Williams' neck.
At the same time, the jury did not buy the prosecution's argument that the former students committed more serious hate crimes, including the displaying of a Confederate battle flag by Beaschler in the dormitory suite.
Several of Williams' family members and supporters attended the sentencing and listened intently as deputy district attorney Carolyn Malinsky and defense attorneys jousted over the sentences. Williams' mother read a statement asking the judge to side with the prosecution.
“Unfortunately, we are not shocked,” Nancy Williams said of the defendants' acquittal last month on hate crime charges. “We are convinced it was because of their innate difference.”
Warren, given a chance to address the court, apologized to the family of Donald Williams. The victim did not attend the hearing.
“I am truly sorry that any of this happened,” they said. “It was certainly insensitive and offensive, but it wasn't racially motivated.”
During the trial, the prosecutor tried to convince the jury that the defendants had singled out Williams because they were black. The defense lawyers countered by portraying the incidents as college pranks.
they Williams family left the courthouse quietly Monday without commenting to news reporters. But Carl Douglas, Williams' civil attorney, best known as one of O.J. Simpson ‘s lawyers in the former football star's murder trial, said: “This judge is sending a message condemning racism in young impressionable minds. This sentence better reflects the offending conduct than the verdict.”
Williams is suing the university and the young men for $5 million.
Attorney Chuck Mesirow, who defended Beaschler, said the judge's sentences were appropriate, partly because the defendants have already been banned from the California State University system for life.
“I think it was a fair compromise,” Mesirow said. “(Beaschler) has suffered, too. They've all suffered, and their families have suffered. It's enough.”
San Jose State interim President Sue Martin responded to the sentencing with a statement focused on the university's desire to put racial troubles behind.
“We respect the district attorney's and the court's discretion in considering appropriate sanctions based on the defendants' conduct,” they said. “That notwithstanding, the behavior described in this case is unacceptable, and SJSU is committed to a welcoming and inclusive environment for all students.”
As the case garnered widespread attention, the university started looking for a “chief diversity officer” and appointed a search committee headed by LaDoris Cordell, a retired judge and prominent civil rights activist. Cordell said Monday they were disappointed by the sentences Barrett imposed.
“In my view, the sentence was appropriate for a simple battery case, but this was not a simple battery, given the racial tinge to the crimes and the harm that was caused to the defendant,” Cordell said. “I think that the 120-day sentence that the DA sought would have sent a far stronger message to the defendants and to the community.”
Malinsky politely sidestepped questions from reporters who asked after the hearing if justice was served. When asked why the judge would require the three men to study up on the black experience after the jury had thrown out the hate crime charges, the prosecutor said, “The judge's decision speaks for itself.”
In June, WrestleCon announced that Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka would be signing autographs at its convention during WrestleMania weekend in April 2017. In another year, or with another wrestler, this would have been a nonstory. What made this announcement noteworthy was that just weeks before, Snuka had been deemed mentally unfit to stand trial on charges of third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter in the killing of their girlfriend, Nancy Argentino, in 1983.
The questions ask themselves. How could they be fit to sign autographs if they aren't mentally fit to stand trial? But pro wrestlers aren't known to countenance personal wellness in their scheduling, and wrestling fans will line up for their onetime idols no matter their state.
In 2008, Snuka appeared in the Royal Rumble, squaring off against their old foe Rowdy Roddy Piper. Snuka was in their 60s, Piper — who died in 2015 — was in their 50s. They stared each other down, the other wrestlers parted like the Red Sea to give them the spotlight, they brawled, and the crowd went wild. It was a lumbering, clumsy reminiscence of violence past. It wasn't much to look at, but it was a moment. For Snuka, it was the last in a string of high-profile high dives.
The first was against Bob Backlund in 1982, when Snuka was a villain managed by Lou Albano, a quarrelsome slob who then was the go-to for South Pacific imports. Against Backlund, Snuka climbed to the top of the (relatively short) steel cage surrounding the ring and flung themselves toward a prone Backlund, but Backlund moved and escaped the ring while Snuka recovered from the missed attempt. It was that sort of spectacle, that willingness to sacrifice themselves for the crowd, that would soon win fans over, and when Superfly became a hero, they formalized their turn in a cage match against Albano (who would also be a fan favorite when the then-WWF reached its heyday a couple of years later). Their match was a bloody gag reel, a comic inversion of the Backlund match, which saw Snuka's head become a bloody mess. By the time of their legendary match against Don Muraco in 1983, the bloodletting had left Snuka's forehead a gravel road. In their match at Madison Square Garden (all three of these bouts were there, as most prominent WWF shows in those days were), Snuka dove off the (higher) cage and onto Muraco, and the crowd exploded. The fans were seeing something they'd never seen before.
As pro wrestling evolved, and with a generation of wrestlers influenced by Snuka at the fore, there were fewer and fewer things the fans hadn't seen. Mick Foley, who was in the crowd the night of the Muraco match, was inspired to embark on a career of death-defying plummets, as were many of the stalwarts of ECW, the alt-wrestling home of '90s in-ring brutality. When Snuka was jumping off the top of the cage, they were undeniably one of the biggest stars in the WWF. In 1982, they were second only to Backlund in drawing crowds for the company, according to Dave Meltzer.
On May 10, 1983, Snuka's mistress, Nancy Argentino, was found unconscious at the George Washington Motor Lodge in Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania. They were taken to a hospital, where they died from a head injury. Snuka, who maintained their innocence, told seven different stories about how the injury occurred, according to court documents. The autopsy report said the death should be investigated as a homicide, but the investigation stalled after a follow-up interview with Snuka and Lehigh Valley authorities that was attended by Vince McMahon, according to The Allentown, Pennsylvania, Morning Call. The Argentino family won $500,000 in a wrongful death civil suit, but Snuka didn't face any criminal charges at the time (nor, according to reports, did they ever pay the civil fine). It wasn't until a 2013 investigation — which you should read in full — by The Morning Call that the case was reopened. Thirty-two years after Argentino's death, Snuka was charged with third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter in September 2015.
Snuka's greatest fame came in the era of Hulkamania. Perhaps the Snuka moment most remembered by today's fans was their visit to Piper's Pit, where Roddy Piper made fun of their South Pacific heritage and, to underscore that, hit them over the head with a coconut. At their debut, they were presented as a crazed savage, but by their babyface run they were a semi-eloquent pro athlete. They had given their body and blood to win the fans' admiration, but the WWF's heyday cost them their dignity, positing them as a (literal) cartoon islander — a reversion to their original trope, this time for the entertainment of kids around the world.
Maybe it was the specter of the killing that turned Snuka into a comedy act, maybe it was the necessities of the WWF's new mainstream image. Snuka acted as Hulk Hogan's cornerman at WrestleMania I, and then, four months later, left the company. They were survived there by their caricature; the Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling cartoon premiered in September of that year, and Snuka was a featured player.
Snuka continued wrestling around the world for the remainder of their life. They made a number of returns to the WWF/WWE, including several late in life, relishing the spotlight he'd helped create decades prior. They wrestled in other countries, such as Japan; in other American organizations, such as the AWA; and in smaller federations, including Eastern Championship Wrestling, which would eventually transform into the asupervisorstioned ECW.
And they kept going as long as they could. When they were charged with murder, their attorneys sought to have them ruled incompetent to stand trial. The prosecution disputed the contention, pointing to a match Snuka had worked a year prior in May 2015.
Nevertheless, in June they were ruled incompetent. The presiding judge, Kelly Banach, remarked that "justice suffers after 30 years because everything decays." On January 3, the trial was dismissed due to Snuka's failing health, and they died on January 15.
Snuka's daughter, the wrestler Tamina Snuka, Instagrammed about Snuka's passing, and the Rock tweeted as the representative of the Samoan wrestling family tree to which Snuka is tenuously attached. Meanwhile, lots of wrestling fans justifiably focused on the tragedy of Argentino's death. On YouTube, under the videos of them jumping off the top of the cage, there were messages like "Rest in peace brotha $uperfly! " and "Thank you for the memories. "
Those are the fans who would have lined up for their autograph. Whether they don't know about their complicated past or don't care is an interesting question, but it's irrelevant. For them, what Jimmy Snuka did in the ring in the '80s is good enough to warrant a kind eulogy. What they did in the real world is immaterial.
It's impossible to separate these two strands. To a fan like me who loves both the simplicity of the faux contest and the deeper world of the unreal narrative construction, it's hard to reconcile the morality play as escapism from, well, human morality. Real life isn't an allegory, and death isn't a work. But that's the fine line that pro wrestling regularly walks. Nancy Argentino wasn't part of a wrestling story line, but our willingness to reckon with real tragedy — with reality — is built into the product. The fake world taking precedence over the real world: That's pro wrestling in a nutshell.
According to the New York Daily News, at the mental fitness hearing in December, Snuka's wife told the judge that their condition had gotten dire. The family could barely keep them from wandering out of the house during their bouts of psychosis. He'd always try to leave, thinking there was a wrestling match somewhere that they were late for.
Facebook Inc has reversed its decision to remove an iconic Vietnam War photograph after an attack from the Norwegian prime minister, who said the photo "shaped world history".
The social media giant on Friday erased the photograph, which shows a naked girl fleeing a napalm attack, from the Facebook pages of several Norwegian authors and media outlets, but later reversed its decision after mounting public criticism.
While the company initially said the picture violated it's community standards against nudity, in a short statement released late on Friday, it recognized "the history and global importance of this image in documenting a particular moment in time".
Captured in 1972 by Pulitzer Prize-winner Nick Ut of the Associated Press, the image of screaming children running from a napalm attack shows a naked nine-year-old girl, Kim Phúc, at its centre.
The controversy started when Facebook deleted a post by Norwegian writer Tom Egeland that featured Nick Ut's Pulitzer-winning photograph on Monday on the grounds of "nudity".
Egeland's post discussed seven photographs that changed the history of warfare. They were subsequently suspended from the social media site.
Facebook: Social media platform or news gatekeeper?
In protest, many Norwegians posted the photo on their own Facebook pages.
On the same day, Norway's flagship national daily, Aftenposten, reported on Egeland's suspension using the same photograph and shared the article on its Facebook page.
The newspaper immediately received a message from Facebook asking it to "either remove or pixelate" the photograph.
In response, Aftenposten splashed the photograph across the front page of its newspaper and website on Friday next to a large Facebook logo, and wrote a front-page editorial headlined "Dear Mark Zuckerberg", arguing that the network was undermining democracy.
'Facebook gets it wrong'
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg then posted the photograph on their own Facebook profile, writing that it had contributed to change the course of world history.
"Facebook gets it wrong when they censor such pictures. It limits the freedom of speech," Solberg wrote. "I say yes to healthy, open and free debate - online and wherever else we go. But I say no to this form of censorship."
Solberg, in their post, also praised Facebook for combating pictures of child abuse. Aftenposten, in its editorial, said Facebook should be able to tell the difference between child pornography and famous war photography.
The image and the accompanying post later disappeared from the prime minister's Facebook page.
Solberg responded to Facebook's decision to erase their post by sharing a censored version of the "napalm girl" photo and a series of other iconic news photographs.
"While I was on a plane from Oslo to Trondheim, Facebook deleted a post from my Facebook page," they said.
"What Facebook does by removing images of this kind, good as the intentions may be, is to edit our common history."
Speaking to Al Jazeera from Norway, Solberg said that this sort of censorship was unacceptable.
"I have praised Facebook on the fact that they are very firm on the stance that pornography, child abuse and violence shouldn't be shown on the platform. But you can't let machines run everything. You can't let machines run your morality or distort your history," the prime minister said.
"That means that Facebook needs to have a system that recognises that there are iconic pictures, or situations in which machines cannot decide to just take the images away," Solberg added.
Facebook said in a statement earlier in the day on Friday that its rules were more blunt than the company itself would prefer, adding that restrictions on nudity were necessary on a global platform.
"While we recognise that this photo is iconic, it's difficult to create a distinction between allowing a photograph of a nude child in one instance and not others," a company spokesperson wrote.
"We try to find the right balance between enabling people to express themselves while maintaining a safe and respectful experience for our global community. Our solutions won't always be perfect, but we will continue to try to improve our policies and the ways in which we apply them."
“I remember my father used to wake up at 4am,” Ederson Moraes recalls. “He woke me up as well. We would leave home together, they were going to work and I continued my walk to catch the bus. I had my training session with São Paulo in the morning. I had to take two buses to the point I could take the club bus.
“Same way return. Very often when I was back home I didn't have time to have lunch. I just had time to change my clothes and go to school. When I was back in the evening I was exhausted. So I used to have dinner and go straight to bed because I had to rest to follow the same routine the following day.”
Ederson was just 13. Their father, Antonis Moraes, stacked fruit onto lorries in Osasco, on the outskirts of São Paulo, Brazil's sprawling, the largest city. Their son was “chasing their dream”; the dream of becoming a professional footballer. A dream that was fuelled just three years earlier on the clay pitch of a small, neighbourhood school, ‘Champions Ebenezer', and would, aged only 15, lead Ederson to board a plane, leaving their family behind, to try and make it with the giant Portuguese club, Benfica. “My head was only football,” Ederson explains. “And I always thought I'd succeed.”
Many footballers, especially Brazilians, have astonishing backstories. And Ederson is no different. They are, though, an interesting mix. A mix of being an easy-going, somewhat shy young man, who is also a devout Christian, and who has a yellow, smiley ‘emoji' tattooed – one of 30 tattoos on their body – behind their left ear so that it is highly visible to show the world that “I'm a happy person”. And the Manchester City goalkeeper smiles and laughs a lot.
Then there is the fierce competitor who earned the nickname “The Bull” when they were at Benfica because of their fearless style. “It was my team-mates who called me that,” Ederson says. “I think it's because I didn't fear to put my face or my feet in any situation if it was necessary, or having to put my face where an attacker was putting their feet.”
That bold style led to them pleading with City's medical staff to let them carry on after they were badly cut, down their left cheek, in a challenge by Liverpool's Sadio Mane earlier this season. There was blood, everywhere, and Ederson eventually needed seven stitches to close the wound but they did not want to go off. “But that incident didn't interfere with my confidence whatsoever, I kept playing the same way after that,” they say. “The following day I was training again as usual. If it happens again, I'll do the same. Hopefully, I won't get hurt again [laughs].”
Ederson, Bernardo Silva and Georgia Stanway visit the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital Credit: Getty Images
Indeed Ederson immediately told City manager Pep Guardiola that they were ready to play in the next game, away to Feyenoord in the Champions League, just four days later. And they played, wearing a scrum-cap.
As we meet at City's training ground Ederson has just returned from a Christmas visit to the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital. The 24-year-old does not speak English but they had no trouble communicating and playing with the children on the wards.
During this, their first newspaper interview since joining City last summer for £34.7 million, there is only one topic they do not want to discuss – what allegedly happened in the tunnel after the recent Manchester derby – as they cover their upbringing, why they became a goalkeeper and, intriguingly, what Guardiola said to them after they signed. It did not involve making saves. That is a given.
“He told me the way the team play,” Ederson explains. “He told me about the importance of the build-up, but also about the ‘mid-balls' and with me they could also have ‘long-balls', so our game was going to be more complete.
“So when I started training here, we worked a lot on that, the short, mid and long-balls. Training session after training session I got used to it and kept improving. Every day I learn something new.”
Ederson was soon back up and running – and playing for the first team – following the collision with Sadio Mane
Ederson's ability with the ball at their feet is remarkable – their composure, the range and accuracy of their passing – as they have taken the role of the so-called ‘sweeper keeper' to new heights. “I started playing as a full-back, but it's difficult to chase quick forwards, especially for me that I'm not particularly quick!” Ederson says. “I had lots of trouble running after the forwards. I asked my manager (at ‘Champions Ebenezer') if I could switch my position to the goal. When I did my first training session, it was love at first sight. I liked it since minute one and then my career as a goalkeeper started.
“But I think my footwork is influenced from having started as a full-back. Also I played futsal and that helped me a lot. I used to play as a goleiro-linha' (fifth man), it's a goalkeeper that plays a lot with their feet. So we used to attack with five players and defend with five players. From that period, I had my shooting skills and good footwork.”
What do they like about being a goalkeeper? “The responsibility,” Ederson replies. “The goalkeeper in a football team has more responsibility. The goalkeeper can make five miraculous saves in a game, but if they make one mistake, afterwards everyone is only going to remember the mistake. The goalkeeper is a crucial member of a team. The man who has to be more focused during the 90 minutes, be courageous and make quicker decisions. It's good to feel pressure and responsibility. It means you can't fail in the game.”
View more!
That bravery, they believe, is shared throughout the City team through the attacking style demanded by Guardiola. And Ederson has made a huge difference. “The way we do the high pressure, we have to have our lines really far from the goal, lots of teams are playing long balls behind our defence line to put us in trouble,” Ederson says. “Lots of times I have to leave the goal to block a ball. We need to be brave and courageous in this style of game, especially in the decision-making, which is the most important thing.”
Training at City is, therefore, “different” from what they have previously experienced. “We have a specific way to play here at Manchester City, with the build-up,” Ederson explains. “My teammates always offer me lots of lines to pass so that ends up being easier for my role…I used to work on my footwork, but not as much as I do now. It's a style of football that you enjoy playing and you enjoy watching. I think our team has a lot of calmness with the ball, we know how to work well and wait for the best moment to attack.
“I think it's great the way we play and the way we approach the games... Our approach to football is a football of joy, the same joy that we do in our training sessions we show it later on match-days. That joy ends up influencing our fans and the rest of the football fans because they enjoy how we play.”
Credit: Getty Images
Ederson was also influenced by a legendary Brazilian goalkeeper. “Rogerio Ceni,” they say, smiling. “He's my idol. They were a goalkeeper, very skilful with their feet as well. They scored lots of goals from free-kicks, penalties... Correct me if I'm wrong, I think they scored more than 130 goals in their career? They made history in their club (São Paulo), they stayed for 25 years and played more than 1,500 games.  They are a reference to the club, a great idol. So, I hope I can build a nice story like them one day. Not scoring goals, of course, but winning lots of trophies and make my name important in a big club.”
But do they want to score?
“I'm not planning to take the free-kicks, maybe penalties one day!” Ederson says. “If they give me the chance, I will do it, because I'm good at it [laughs]. But free-kicks, there are a lot of great players on our team that can shoot better, so I'm going to leave them to do it.”
And what of those tattoos? “Yes, I have the names of my parents and my wife (Lais),” Ederson says. Another is planned for their baby daughter, Yasmin. “I also have this quote on my leg that I like a lot,” they explain, reaching down. It is in Portuguese, from the Bible, Psalm 91, and reads: “The Lord is my God, my refuge, my fortress. In whom I trust. A thousand may fall at your side, ten thousand at your right hand, but it will not come near you”.
There are other tattoos, less religious. “I have one here on my neck, it's an emoji that means joy, happy, because I'm a happy person. I have them here (touching their neck) so people can tell that I'm a guy that loves tattoos. There are a lot of people that might not like tattoos; I respect it. For me, it's my passion, so the same way I respect their view, I'd like everyone to respect my passion for tattoos.
“And when I look back (at my life) I look with a smile on my face. I remember sometimes a difficulty and I realise that it taught me something or it helped me later on. The difficulties in the past are the wins in the present. It's really rewarding when I go back to Brazil when people come to you and congratulate you for your success, your dedication, your effort.” Starting with those early starts.
Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Medical Devices Pipeline Assessment, 2016 Summary GlobalData's Medical Devices sector report, Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Medical Devices Pipeline Assessment, 2016" provides an overview of Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems currently in pipeline stage. The report provides comprehensive information on the pipeline products with comparative analysis of the products at various stages of development. The report reviews major players involved in the pipeline product development. It also provides information about clinical trials in progress, which includes trial phase, trial status, trial start and end dates, and, the number of trials for the key Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems pipeline products. This report is prepared using data sourced from in-house databases, secondary and primary research by GlobalData's team of industry experts. *Note: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data in relation to the equipment type. Scope - Extensive coverage of the Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems under development - The report reviews details of major pipeline products which includes, product description, licensing and collaboration details and other developmental activities - The report reviews the major players involved in the development of Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems and list all their pipeline projects - The coverage of pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from Early Development to Approved / Issued stage - The report provides key clinical trial data of ongoing trials specific to pipeline products - Recent developments in the segment / industry Reasons to buy The report enables you to - - Formulate significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to improve R&D strategies - Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage - Identify and understand important and diverse types of Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems under development - Develop market-entry and market expansion strategies - Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying major players with the most promising pipeline - In-depth analysis of the products current stage of development, territory and estimated launch date
Table Of Contents
1 Table of Contents
1 Table of Contents 2
1.1 List of Tables 4
1.2 List of Figures 5
2 Introduction 6
2.1 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems Overview 6
3 Products under Development 7
3.1 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7
3.2 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Territory 8
3.3 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Regulatory Path 9
3.4 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Estimated Approval Date 10
3.5 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Ongoing Clinical Trials 11
4 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products under Development by Companies 12
4.1 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems Companies - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 12
4.2 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 13
5 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems Companies and Product Overview 14
5.1 Brain Biosciences Inc Company Overview 14
5.1.1 Brain Biosciences Inc Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 14
5.2 GE Healthcare Limited Company Overview 15
5.2.1 GE Healthcare Limited Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 15
5.3 Jagiellonian University Company Overview 16
5.3.1 Jagiellonian University Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 16
5.4 Philips Healthcare Company Overview 17
5.4.1 Philips Healthcare Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 17
5.5 Ray Vision Intl Corp. Company Overview 21
5.5.1 Ray Vision Intl Corp. Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 21
5.6 Stanford University Company Overview 22
5.6.1 Stanford University Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 22
5.7 SynchroPET Company Overview 27
5.7.1 SynchroPET Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 27
5.8 The University of British Columbia Company Overview 29
5.8.1 The University of British Columbia Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 29
5.9 Zecotek Photonics Inc. Company Overview 30
5.9.1 Zecotek Photonics Inc. Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 30
6 Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems- Recent Developments 32
6.1 May 27, 2016: FDA approves new diagnostic imaging agent to detect recurrent prostate cancer 32
6.2 May 26, 2016: Advanced Accelerator Applications to Acquire Two Production Sites in Germany 32
6.3 May 26, 2016: Advanced Accelerator Applications Appoints Francois Nader, M.D., to Board of Directors 33
6.4 May 25, 2016: FluoroPharma Medical Announces Acceptance of CardioPET Data for Presentation at the 21st Scientific Meeting of the American Society of Nuclear Cardiology 33
6.5 May 24, 2016: PET imaging with special tracer can detect and diagnose early Alzheimers disease 34
6.6 May 18, 2016: Itel Telecomunicazioni Enters into Agreement with Advanced Accelerator Applications 34
6.7 Apr 29, 2016: Advanced Accelerator Applications reports 26.8% sales growth in 2015 and continues to show significant clinical progress across both therapeutic and diagnostic platforms 34
6.8 Apr 21, 2016: CERN Orders LFS Crystals 35
6.9 Apr 11, 2016: PET scans guiding chemo boosts remission for Hodgkin patients 35
6.10 Apr 06, 2016: First Patent Received for New LFS Crystal Formulation 36
6.11 Apr 01, 2016: Zecotek Announces Significant Opportunity for LFS Scintillation Crystals and Enters Radiation Safety and Homeland Security Market Due to World Events and Demand by OEMs 37
6.12 Mar 23, 2016: FluoroPharma Medical Raises USD0.15 Million in Private Placement of Notes 37
6.13 Mar 23, 2016: Chinese OEM Adopts Zecoteks LFS Scintillation Crystal for New Line of Positron Emission Tomography Medical Scanning Devices 38
6.14 Jan 26, 2016: Zevacor to Produce SomaKit-TATE Doses for AAA 39
6.15 Dec 29, 2015: FluoroPharma Names Dr. Thomas Tulip, PhD Chief Executive Officer 39
6.16 Dec 14, 2015: CapVest Partners Acquires IBA Molecular from Ion Beam Applications and SK Capital Partners for USD69.6 Million 40
6.17 Dec 10, 2015: Advanced Accelerator Applications Reports 37% Growth in Sales for the Third Quarter of 2015 and 32% Growth in Sales for the First Nine Months of 2015 40
6.18 Dec 10, 2015: Zecotek Enters New Market for LFS Crystals 42
6.19 Nov 30, 2015: IBA Molecular North America to become Zevacor Pharma 43
6.20 Nov 05, 2015: Zecotek Receives $250,000 LFS Scintillation Crystal Order 44
6.21 Oct 23, 2015: Nanyang Technological University Enters into Research Agreement with Austrian Institute of Technology and Medical University of Vienna 44
6.22 Sep 17, 2015: University of California Successfully Tests Zecotek's LFS Scintillation Crystals for High Resolution Positron Emission Tomography Scanning 44
6.23 Jul 28, 2015: JMC Investment Acquires Majority Stake in Keosys 45
6.24 Jun 15, 2015: Advanced Accelerator Applications reports over 24% growth in sales for the first quarter of 2015 45
7 Appendix 47
7.1 Methodology 47
7.2 About GlobalData 49
7.3 Contact Us 50
7.4 Disclaimer 50
List Of Tables
1.1 List of Tables
Table 1: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7
Table 2: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Territory 8
Table 3: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Regulatory Path 9
Table 4: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Estimated Approval Date 10
Table 5: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Ongoing Clinical Trials 11
Table 6: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems Companies - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 12
Table 7: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 13
Table 8: Brain Biosciences Inc Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 14
Table 9: CerePET - Product Status 14
Table 10: CerePET - Product Description 14
Table 11: GE Healthcare Limited Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 15
Table 12: Q.Clear - Product Status 15
Table 13: Q.Clear - Product Description 15
Table 14: Jagiellonian University Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 16
Table 15: Positron Emission Tomography System - Product Status 16
Table 16: Positron Emission Tomography System - Product Description 16
Table 17: Philips Healthcare Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 17
Table 18: Additional PET Scan - Product Status 17
Table 19: Additional PET Scan - Product Description 18
Table 20: Philips Healthcare - Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 19
Table 21: Additional PET Scan - Pilot Study Intended to Provide Input for Future Designs Using the PET Alpha Ring Detector and to Support the Pre-market Notification of a Future Product 20
Table 22: Ray Vision Intl Corp. Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 21
Table 23: Helmet - PET System - Product Status 21
Table 24: Helmet - PET System - Product Description 21
Table 25: Stanford University Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 22
Table 26: Breast-Dedicated PET System - Product Status 22
Table 27: Breast-Dedicated PET System - Product Description 23
Table 28: Dual Panel PET Scanner - Product Status 23
Table 29: Dual Panel PET Scanner - Product Description 23
Table 30: Dual-isotope Positron Emitting Tomography System - Product Status 24
Table 31: Dual-isotope Positron Emitting Tomography System - Product Description 24
Table 32: Improved PET System - Product Status 24
Table 33: Improved PET System - Product Description 25
Table 34: MR Compatible PET System - Product Status 25
Table 35: MR Compatible PET System - Product Description 25
Table 36: PET Sensitivity Enhancing Device - Product Status 26
Table 37: PET Sensitivity Enhancing Device - Product Description 26
Table 38: SynchroPET Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 27
Table 39: Breast PET-MRI - Product Status 27
Table 40: Breast PET-MRI - Product Description 27
Table 41: Wrist Scanner - Product Status 28
Table 42: Wrist Scanner - Product Description 28
Table 43: The University of British Columbia Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 29
Table 44: PET Imaging Tool - Product Status 29
Table 45: PET Imaging Tool - Product Description 29
Table 46: Zecotek Photonics Inc. Pipeline Products & Ongoing Clinical Trials Overview 30
Table 47: New Generation PET Scanning Device - Product Status 30
Table 48: New Generation PET Scanning Device - Product Description 31
Table 49: Glossary 48
Lisst Of Figures
1.2 List of Figures
Figure 1: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7
Figure 2: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Territory 8
Figure 3: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Regulatory Path 9
Figure 4: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Pipeline Products by Estimated Approval Date 10
Figure 5: Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Systems - Ongoing Clinical Trials 11
Police discovered signs of a meth lab in a government building on Saturday after an explosion injured a federal security officer and threw a blast shield 25 feet. The explosion occurred in a small lab at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Gaithersburg, Maryland, where the Department of Commerce conducts experiments.
The particular lab that exploded wasn't supposed to be hosting any experiments over the weekend. But NBC Washington says pseudoephedrine, drain cleaner, and a recipe for meth were all found there, leaving little mystery to what happened. In addition, the officer who was injured had burns on their hands and arms, the type of injuries consistent with a meth cook gone bad. Not coincidentally, the officer resigned on Sunday.
Congress has taken an active interest in the case of the government-housed meth lab. Along with local police and the DEA, the House Science, Space & Technology Committee is gathering information about the incident. No one has been arrested.
FOXBORO, Mass. — New England Patriots first-round draft pick Dominique Easley made a surprise appearance during the team's Thursday walk-through with the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Patriots have eased the rookie defensive tackle back onto the field from a torn ACL, but their appearance in the walk-through suggests Easley could make their preseason debut soon — as early as Friday night against the Eagles. Easley has participated in full-contact 1-on-1 drills, but they have been held out of 11-on-11 team drills.
It still would be a surprise to see Easley play Friday night, but the walk-through appearance has raised the possibility. A walk-through is designed to get players ready for an upcoming game.
Check out the rest of NESN.com's observations from Thursday's practice:
— Jerel Worthy and Ben Bass, the Patriots' new defensive tackles, made brief appearances on the practice field before disappearing into the Dana-Farber Field House practice bubble. Worthy's appearance suggests they passed their physical with the Patriots and that the trade with the Green Bay Packers is official. Worthy has a back injury that has kept them out of training camp, and Bass is dealing with a hamstring injury.
— The Patriots were practicing a lot of dime defense during Thursday's walk-through. We could see some interesting combinations when the Patriots have six defensive backs on the field.
— James Develin and Steve Maneri received a ton of reps Thursday after the Patriots released tight end Ben Hartsock in the morning. The Patriots are running very low at the position as Michael Hoomanawanui, D.J. Williams and Rob Gronkowski recover from injuries.
— The Patriots showed a new wrinkle in last Thursday's preseason opener against the Washington Redskins when running back James White and Shane Vereen were on the field at the same time. The Patriots showed a similar look in Thursday's walk-through, and it could be a good way to get both pass-catching backs on the field at the same time. White has impressed everyone this summer, including coaches and teammates, and the Patriots will look to find them snaps in one form or another.
— Jerod Mayo's absence from the last three practices will open opportunities for Dont'a Hightower and Jamie Collins to see plenty of action Friday night. Veteran James Anderson also has been absent from practice, which means more snaps for Steve Beauharnais and Darius Fleming.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Bosch ROBG.UL said it will sell or shut down its heavily loss-making solar energy operations, the latest blow to the industry as Germany curbs green energy subsidies and cheap Chinese imports flood the market.
In a rare reversal of strategy from the manufacturing conglomerate, Bosch said on Friday it would end its photovoltaics, or solar panel production early next year and put parts of the business up for sale.
Unlisted Bosch, one of the world's largest maker of car parts, has lost 2.4 billion euros (2 billion pounds) since it created the solar energy unit in 2008 after it bought Aleo Solar and Ersol. It made a 1 billion euro loss last year.
“This is possibly the most painful experience that I have had to endure in my professional career,” said Chairman Franz Fehrenbach in a statement unveiling the plans for the unit that employs 3,000 staff.
The Bosch unit is the latest casualty of boom and bust experienced in Germany's solar energy industry. Former heavyweights SolarWorld SWVG.D and Conergy CGYGk.DE are in debt restructuring talks while Q-Cells QCEG.UL filed for insolvency last year.
Bosch said in January it was considering all options for its solar unit, having written off the assets entirely last year.
Germany, for years a leading proponent of renewable energy, had spurred a surge in solar panel installations by handing out hefty subsidies funded by electricity surcharges to encourage consumers to shift away from nuclear and fossil fuel.
Related Coverage Bosch says board member Bernd Bohr to leave end-June
But the German government reined in those subsidies in an attempt to bring down overcapacity in the industry. Germany wants to reduce the expansion of solar power after a record 7,500 megawatts in capacity was added in 2011 to bring its total to 25,000 megawatts, nearly as much as the rest of the world combined.
To make matters worse, Chinese rivals have flooded global markets with cheap solar panels, prompting the European Commission to launch a dumping investigation.
Californian trio allegedly let fans hear the album the same time as Epic/Columbia Records
Death Grips have released their new album ‘NO LOVE DEEP WEB' as a free download.
The Californian trio, who signed to a major label earlier this year, had teased fans of the new record's release all day on Twitter yesterday (September 30), and told them they would be hearing the new album at the same time as their label Epic/Columbia.
They wrote: “The label wouldn't confirm a release date for NO LOVE DEEP WEB 'till next year sometime,” followed by:
https://twitter.com/DeathGripz/status/252581175359594497
You can download the album from their Third Worlds site, but, be warned, the site contains the NSFW cover art of an erect penis with the album title written on it. You can also stream the record on Soundcloud below.
Earlier this year, Death Grips pulled their live shows over the summer in order to focus their attention into writing and recording ‘NO LOVE…'. The Sacramento based industrial rap trio cancelled a number of festival appearances including London's I'll Be Your Mirror and Field Day.
The tracklisting for ‘NO LOVE DEEP WEB' is as follows:
Sharethrough (Mobile)
‘Come And Get Me'
‘Lil Boy'
‘No Love'
‘Black Dice'
‘World Of Dogs'
‘Lock Your Doors'
‘Whammy'
‘Hunger Games'
‘Deep Web'
‘Stockton'
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers could be ready to turn to Fiorentina striker Giuseppe Rossi as Liverpool FC widen their search for a new striker, according to Caught Offside .
The Italian attacker scored 16 goals in 21 games since their move to Florence last summer and it is reported that the 27-year-old is available for around £20m.
Rossi came through the ranks at Manchester United and found success at both Parma and Villarreal before move back to Italy.
One worry for Reds fans would be Rossi's record with injuries. The Italian international has injured their right knee ligaments three times throughout their career.
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
Liverpool are targeting Sampdoria's World Cup finalist goalkeeper Sergio Romero, according to reports in the Italian media .
Sky Italia reported that Liverpool are on the lookout for quality back-up to Simon Mignolet after selling Pepe Reina to Bayern Munich last week .
Romero kept goal for Argentina during their run to the World Cup final and spent last season on-loan at Monaco.
It is reported that the 27-year-old could be available for around £2m, but they could also be available again on-loan.
Liverpool are winning the race to sign PSV forward Zakaria Bakkali, according to the Daily Express .
They claim that the Reds have made an offer for the 18-year-old starlet and despite Arsenal's interest, along with a whole host of other top European clubs, Liverpool are currently winning the race.
Bakkali has been dubbed the "new Eden Hazard" after bursting on to the scene in Eindhoven last term.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands has indicated they will not stand in the player's way should they wish to leave the club.
They said: "Whether Bakkali chooses to stay with us or a transfer, it is now clear what they must do.
"He can still extend their contract with us and then if they choose to increase their efforts for PSV, with their heart and soul, that's fine.
"If they choose a transfer, I am also at peace with it."
WHISTLER, B.C. – Toronto's only application for money under the federal government's $4 billion infrastructure stimulus fund was met with a profane dismissal by Transport Minister John Baird yesterday. In an unguarded moment, Baird told aides Toronto stood alone in not meeting the technical criteria for federal cash, yet was complaining about Ottawa dragging its feet.
Transport Minister John Baird says Toronto's application was the only one among 2,700 submitted that wasn't done properly. ( SEAN KILPATRICK / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
"Twenty-seven hundred people got it right. They didn't. That is not a partnership and they're bitching at us," they said. "They should f--- off." The federal minister overseeing the infrastructure program was overheard by a Star reporter after they mistakenly walked into a media room at the Federation of Canadian Municipalities convention at this British Columbia resort.
Article Continued Below
When their words were read back to him, they acknowledged their remarks. Toronto made a calculated move to seek money to replace its aging streetcar fleet by submitting just one application while most municipalities submitted long lists of projects ranging from bridge repairs to sewer upgrades. Mayor David Miller said Toronto only wants funds to buy 204 streetcars from Bombardier, to be built at a cost of $1.2 billion. The proposed deal will expire June 27 and will collapse if federal and provincial money isn't forthcoming by then. The city said, based on its population, its share of the stimulus announced in January's budget would be about $312 million. Miller said last night Toronto's proposal fits the federal criteria.
They said their meeting with Baird at the convention was "amicable and frank" and that the minister "didn't say that to me" when asked if Baird used the obscenity. But Baird said Toronto's was the only application among 2,700 submitted that wasn't done properly.
Article Continued Below
They said Toronto's submission is ineligible because it doesn't focus on job creation within the next two years in the 416 area. Later, Baird said their remarks were off-the-cuff and they presumed private because they didn't realize they were in the media workroom. They said he's had frank discussions with the city about its bid and has been talking to Finance Minister Jim Flaherty, the GTA's federal representative, about projects eligible for cash. "This project, while it fits into Toronto's vision of what they want to do, it doesn't fit into our vision of moving quickly. We don't want to see Toronto left out of infrastructure stimulus," said Baird. "What I don't want to see is a year or two from now people say that the federal government plans aren't creating jobs in Toronto." Councillor Linda Rydholm of Thunder Bay, home of the Bombardier plant, said the project needs approval. "Our workers need the contract to continue or start." Miller said Toronto's bid will help the overall economy in Ontario and create immediate jobs. At the Federation of Canadian Municipalities meeting, Baird identified the country's most significant infrastructure project as the $4 billion to $5 billion access road to a new border crossing near Windsor and said they are making it a personal priority. The project "has the attention at the highest level. The province and the federal government are on the same page. The time for action is now." Delegates at the meeting began the three-day event with a call from big city mayors for Ottawa to speed money for infrastructure projects. The government promised money to municipalities in hopes of creating thousands of jobs, with the caveat that a major component of the projects must be completed by March 2011. Mayors said that, while announcements were made, the actual money has not materialized. But Federation of Canadian Municipalities president Jean Perrault said Baird has since shown a commitment to co-operation and flexibility, especially with the federal commitment that one-third of any costs incurred by municipalities will be paid before April 1, 2011. "We have an understanding now of better communication," said Perrault.
Read more about:
Gardeners sometimes encounter them in their backyards—spongy yellow masses squatting in the dirt or slowly swallowing wood chips. Hikers often spot them clinging to the sides of rotting logs like spilled bowls of extra cheesy macaroni. In Mexico some people reportedly scrape their tender bodies from trees and rocks and scramble them like eggs. They are slime molds: gelatinous amoebae that have little to do with the kinds of fungal mold that ruin sourdough and pumpernickel. Biologists currently classify slime molds as protists, a taxonomic group reserved for "everything we don't really understand," says Chris Reid of the University of Sydney.
Something scientists have come to understand is that slime molds are much smarter than they look. One species in particular, the SpongeBob SquarePants–yellow Physarum polycephalum, can solve mazes, mimic the layout of human-made transportation networks and choose the healthiest food from a diverse menu—and all this without a brain or nervous system. "Slime molds are redefining what you need to have to qualify as intelligent," Reid says.
This video was produced through a collaboration between NOVA and Scientific American. To learn more about slime molds and other amazing creatures, watch 'What Are Animals Thinking?' on NOVA scienceNOW, airing November 7, 2012 at 10 pm on PBS.
In the wild, P. polycephalum rummages through leaf litter and oozes along logs searching for the bacteria, fungal spores and other microbes that it envelops and digests à la the amorphous alien in the 1958 horror film The Blob. Although P. polycephalum often acts like a colony of cooperative individuals foraging together, it in fact spends most of its life as a single cell containing millions of nuclei, small sacs of DNA, enzymes and proteins. This one cell is a master shape-shifter. P. polycephalum takes on different appearances depending on where and how it is growing: In the forest it might fatten itself into giant yellow globs or remain as unassuming as a smear of mustard on the underside of a leaf; in the lab, confined to a petri dish, it usually spreads itself thin across the agar, branching like coral. Biologists first brought the slime mold into the lab more than three decades ago to study the way it moves—which has a lot in common with they way muscles work on the molecular level—and to examine the way it reattaches itself when split. "In the earliest research, no one thought it could make choices or behave in seemingly intelligent ways," Reid explains. That thinking has completely changed.
In the early 2000s Toshiyuki Nakagaki, then at Hokkaido University in Japan, and their colleagues chopped up a single polycephalum and scattered the pieces throughout a plastic maze. The smidgens of slime mold began to grow and find one another, burgeoning to fill the entire labyrinth. Nakagaki and their teammates placed blocks of agar packed with nutrients at the start and end of the maze. Four hours later the slime mold had retracted its branches from dead-end corridors, growing exclusively along the shortest path possible between the two pieces of food.
This past October Reid and their colleagues published a study revealing that the way a slime mold navigates its environment is even more sophisticated than previously realized. As polycephalum moves through a maze or crawls along the forest floor, it leaves behind a trail of translucent slime. Reid and their teammates noticed that a foraging slime mold avoids sticky areas where it has already traveled. This extracellular slime, Reid reasoned, is a kind of externalized spatial memory that reminds polycephalum to explore somewhere new.
To test this idea, Reid and their colleagues placed slime molds in a petri dish behind a U-shaped barrier that blocked a direct route to a piece of food. Because the barrier was made of dry acetate, the slime molds could not stick to it and climb over it; instead, they had to follow the contours of the U toward the food. Ultimately, 23 of 24 slime molds reached the goal. But when Reid coated the rest of the petri dish in extracellular slime before introducing the slime molds, only eight of 24 found the food. All that preexisting slime confused the slime molds, preventing them from marking different areas as explored or unexplored. Reid thinks that a polycephalum in a labyrinth is similarly dependent on its slime, using it to first map the entire maze and then to remember which corridors are dead-ends.
Navigating a maze is a pretty impressive feat for a slime mold, but the protist is in fact capable of solving more complex spatial problems: Inside laboratories slime molds have effectively re-created Tokyo's railway network in miniature as well as the highways of Canada, the U.K. and Spain. When researchers placed oat flakes or other bits of food in the same positions as big cities and urban areas, slime molds first engulfed the entirety of the edible maps. Within a matter of days, however, the protists thinned themselves away, leaving behind interconnected branches of slime that linked the pieces of food in almost exactly the same way that human-made roads and rail lines connect major hubs in Tokyo, Europe and Canada.
In other words, the single-celled brainless amoebae did not grow living branches between pieces of food in a random manner; rather, they behaved like a team of human engineers, growing the most efficient networks possible. Just as engineers design railways to get people from one city to another as quickly as possible, given the terrain—only laying down the building materials that are needed—the slime molds hit upon the most economical routes from one morsel to another, conserving energy. Andrew Adamatzky of the University of the West of England Bristol and other researchers were so impressed with the protists' behaviors that they have proposed using slime molds to help plan future roadway construction, either with a living protist or a computer program that adopts its decision-making process. Researchers have also simulated real-world geographic constraints like volcanoes and bodies of water by confronting the slime mold with deterrents that it must circumvent, such as bits of salt or beams of light.
Another set of experiments suggests that slime molds navigate time as well as space, using a rudimentary internal clock to anticipate and prepare for future changes in their environments. Tetsu Saigusa of Hokkaido University and their colleagues—including Nakagaki—placed a polycephalum in a kind of groove in an agar plate stored in a warm and moist environment (slime molds thrive in high humidity). The slime mold crawled along the groove. Every 30 minutes, however, the scientists suddenly dropped the temperature and decreased the humidity, subjecting the polycephalum to unfavorably dry conditions. The slime mold instinctively began to crawl more slowly, saving its energy. After a few trials, Saigusa and their colleagues stopped changing the slime mold's environment, but every 30 minutes the amoeba's pace slowed anyway. Eventually it stopped slowing down spontaneously. Slime molds did the same thing at intervals of 60 and 90 minutes, although, on average, only about half of the slime molds tested showed spontaneous slowing in the absence of an environmental change.
Because the slime mold cannot rely on its slime for this trick, Saigusa speculates that it instead depends on an internal mechanism of some kind, perhaps involving the perpetually pulsating gelatinous contents of its one cell, known as cytoplasm. The slime mold's membrane rhythmically constricts and relaxes, keeping the cytoplasm within flowing. When the amoeba's membrane encounters food, it pulsates more quickly and expands, allowing more cytoplasm to flow into that region; when it stumbles onto something aversive—such as bright light—its palpitations slow down and cytoplasm moves elsewhere. Somehow, the slime mold may be keeping track of its own rhythmic pulsing, creating a kind of simple clock that would allow it to anticipate future events.
P. polycephalum is not only a great navigator and good forward thinker, so to speak—it is also a healthy eater. Slime molds survive best on a diet comprising two thirds protein and one third carbohydrates. Audrey Dussutour of the University of Paul Sabatier in France placed slime molds in the center of a clock face of 11 different pieces of food, each with a unique ratio of proteins and carbohydrates. When presented with this circular menu, slime molds consistently glommed onto the piece of food with optimal balance of nutrients.
Compared with most organisms, slime molds have been on the planet for a very long time—they first evolved at least 600 million years ago and perhaps as long as one billion years ago. At the time, no organisms had yet evolved brains or even simple nervous systems. Yet slime molds do not blindly ooze from one place to another—they carefully explore their environments, seeking the most efficient routes between resources. They do not accept whatever circumstances they find themselves in, but rather choose conditions most amenable to their survival. They remember, anticipate and decide. By doing so much with so little, slime molds represent a successful and admirable alternative to convoluted brain-based intelligence. You might say that they break the mold.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The second-largest source of jobs for black people in the country is also one of the worst industries to work in. Although big retailers tout their “entry level” positions as a path to the middle class, retail work is built on dead-end jobs that perpetuate racial inequality. Ad Policy
A new report by the think tank Demos and the NAACP shows that the retail industry, a leading source of employment in the post-recession “recovery,” is creating many more bad jobs than good ones—and blacks and Latinos are stuck in the lowest-paid positions with the least opportunity for advancement.
Some leading retailers have faced legal challenges in recent years over racial or gender discrimination against workers, but the most harmful forms of racial bias operate just below the surface. Bad retail jobs compound the deeper economic and social barriers that disproportionately affect blacks and Latinos. Though black workers don't differ greatly from whites in terms of education level or the age of the workforce, Demos reports, “Black and Latino retail workers are more likely to be working poor, with 17 percent of Black and 13 percent of Latino retail workers living below the poverty line, compared to 9 percent of the retail workforce overall.”
One reason why these workers tend to be poorer is simply the nature of their jobs: “Black and Latino retail workers are underrepresented in supervisory positions like managers or first-line supervisors. Black workers make up 11 percent of the retail labor force but just 6 percent of managers.” But even in comparable sales positions, Demos researchers found that among full-time salespersons, black and Latino workers earned about 75 cents on the dollar compared to their white counterparts, “amounting to losses up to $7,500 per year.”
Moreover, blacks and Latinos are more likely to be stuck in part-time positions, working fewer than the number of hours they need to make ends meet, with constantly varying schedules. “One in five Black retail workers are employed involuntarily part time, compared to less than one in seven white workers.” The combination of low wages and unstable schedules is particularly hard on parents of color: black and Latino workers are disproportionately likely to be the sole providers for their households. Single moms in retail are especially disadvantaged: according to a 2014 Demos report, “1.3 million women working in the retail industry live in or near poverty.”
Erratic hours and on-call last-minute scheduling especially impact black workers, who often “have longer commute times than White workers, leading to greater time and money costs when their shifts are cut short.” A lack of healthcare benefits, along with unmet childcare needs, intensifies poverty and further constrains workers' ability to gain steady employment. Federal and state subsidies for childcare are scarce, and daycare simply might be unavailable when workers don't even know if they'll be working until the day they are called in.
Financial barriers intersect with racial divides. Low wages destabilize families of color through the debt cycle. The disadvantage is perpetuated through the routine use of credit checks in job applications, which basically penalize job seekers for being financially insecure.
It all adds up to the so-called “two-dimensional jobs crisis,” in which black workers are doubly disadvantaged by mass unemployment and, for those who manage to find work, concentration in low-wage jobs.
Demos pointed out that there are simple ways the industry can shrink the racial gaps. Boosting the minimum wage to $15 an hour would automatically give 7 in 10 black and Latino workers a raise and also cut their poverty rate disproportionately by about half.
A significant boost to the wage floor would help close the gender gap as well.The earlier 2014 report by Demos projected that base wage of at least $12.25 an hour ($25,000 per year for full-time work) would increase women's wages by more than 25 percent, putting the industry on track to more than halve the portion of women workers at or near poverty by 2022.
Women at Walmart have demanded fairer wages and schedules for years, aligning with the Fight for 15 movement that has galvanized low-wage workers nationwide. Workers like Latavia Johnson, who recently protested about suffering discriminatory treatment and scheduling cuts while working at Walmart during their pregnancy, wrote in a recent Salon.com column about the leading retailer's lost opportunity: “The company could be paving the way for good jobs for working mothers. Instead, many pregnant women like me are left fighting for things like bathroom breaks, lighter lifting duties and basic health coverage.”
Walmart has generally reacted by dismissing protesting workers as outliers. But there are signs that big retailers are slowly responding to public pressure, and concerns that low wages are bad for business—in terms of both publicity and revenue.
Walmart and the Gap have both recently touted plans to raise wages incrementally to $10 an hour. But Demos says the industry can go farther by lifting wages to $15 while guaranteeing a full 40-hour workweek. Although higher wages could theoretically force employers to compensate by either shrinking their workforce or cutting hours, studies show that providing full-time work with stable wages—as has been proposed in federal and local legislation—actually improves productivity and reduces turnover. According to Demos analyst and co-author of the report Catherine Ruetschlin, Walmart has the capacity to raise wages and hours: “If Walmart needs to fill 80 hours of work time per week they can do it with 2 workers or 20.” From a business standpoint, they add, “setting standards for work that share the cost of working between employer and employee…is beneficial for employment stability and for labor in general.”
The retail industry will keep expanding as a pillar of the low-wage economy, as will the racial wealth gap, until the dominant retail companies realize that the same business model that is ravaging communities of color is eroding its own bottom line.
Junipero Serra statue beheaded, splashed with red paint in Central California
Father Junipero Serra, Mission Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, California, USA. Father Junipero Serra, Mission Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, California, USA. Photo: (Photo By: Citizens Of The Planet/UIG Via Getty Images) Photo: (Photo By: Citizens Of The Planet/UIG Via Getty Images) Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Junipero Serra statues beheaded, splashed with red paint in Central California 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
A bronze statue of the Roman Catholic priest Junipero Serra at the Old Santa Barbara Mission was decapitated and doused with red paint on Sunday night or early Monday morning.
The statue, on the western side of the Central Coast property near the mission's office, has since been covered with a tarp. The Santa Barbara mission has been called the "Queen of the Missions."
The statue was vandalized in a similar fashion as another Father Serra statue in Monterey last year. That figure, which was beheaded but not painted, has since been repaired. Another, in Santa Cruz, was vandalized with the word "genocide" in late 2015.
Serra was a Franciscan friar in the 18th century who founded nine of the state's 21 missions. They were canonized as a saint in 2015 by Pope Francis — a decision that met criticism by those who believe Serra unfairly treated Native Americans. Some say that Serra "imposed" Christianity upon natives, forcing them convert and then work on building missions while relinquishing their traditions, customs, dress, and language in favor of Spanish ones.
KEYT in Santa Barbara reports that the local police have already visited the scene to take a report (there are two security cameras near the statue), and that the statue will be removed and replaced.
Alyssa Pereira is an SFGATE staff writer. Email them at apereira@sfchronicle.com or find them on Twitter at @alyspereira.
Zimbabwe exiles excel in New Zealand after fleeing bloodshed and land seizures in their homeland
Andrea Fox meets an inspirational share farming couple who don't recognise the word ‘can't'.
Northland-bound Breens: Daryl and Chris with Jordan, 7 and Caleb, 11.
Zimbabwe exiles Daryl and Christien Breen like to say they don't excel at anything in dairy farming – they just try to be good at everything.
That's not entirely true. The Auckland-Hauraki dairy awards sharefarmer runners-up have excelled at being resilient while building a new life in New Zealand in an unknown industry after fleeing bloodshed and land seizures in their homeland.
Daryl Breen has had to use all their pasture management skills on the early-drying Waerenga farm.
Andrea Fox
Daryl Breen has had to use all their pasture management skills on the early-drying Waerenga farm.
The couple is finishing their third season as 50:50 sharemilkers on a 82-hectare, 230-cow farm at Waerenga in north Waikato, and will soon start packing for a new sharefarming job near Whangarei in Northland.
They've managed to make savings of $56,000 in another dismal milk price season without sacrificing animal or farm welfare, and have shaved their System 2 farm costs down to $2.20 a kg milk solids.
But for this couple that's still too high. Their budget for the new Northland farm is for costs of $1.60 a kg. Their success with breeding is formidable – their average non-return rate, the percentage of cows which become pregnant after insemination, is 82 per cent. For the first three weeks of AI this season it was 92 per cent.
Given neither had set foot on a dairy farm before arriving in New Zealand – Daryl in 2002 and Christien a year later – they've come a long way on a journey not for the fainthearted.
They grew up on farms in the same Zimbabwe district and while their respective parents managed to sell their land before it was seized in that country's tumultuous social revolution, it was a close call and the memory of living daily with fear is still fresh.
“I remember going into hospital to see a friend who had been shot eight times. They survived but their father didn't. They were attacked as they were coming home to their farm. The family ended up leaving everything. The farm had been in the family for generations,” recalls Christien, who prefers “Chris”.
“It made you grow up quite quickly.”
I parents, who eventually also came to New Zealand, farmed drystock, chickens and paprika on a large property. Daryl was raised on a cropping farm.
Once Chris qualified as a software developer aged 21, their parents insisted they leave Zimbabwe for Holland, birthplace of their mother.
But they couldn't settle there, and with encouragement from by-then Waikato-based Daryl, a qualified diesel mechanic and friend of their brother, they too made the move downunder.
Daryl meanwhile had caught the dairy farming bug.
They started as a farm hand near Cambridge, graduating after their first season to a 550-cow operation at Hinuera where they had what they call the “glorified title” of herd manager. They began studying for an agriculture qualification, recalling how amazed they were to learn there was a clear and structured pathway to farm ownership.
With the couple both on work permits, which prevented them borrowing money to put down roots, they set about what became a nightmare task of getting the necessary documentation from Zimbabwe to apply for residency in New Zealand.
With their new AgITO qualification, Daryl was now confident enough to apply for a farm manager's job. They went to work for Tatauanui's David Sing on a 212-cow property. Chris meanwhile was working as a software developer in Hamilton.
After one season Sing encouraged Daryl to try for sole charge farm manager at the new Waitoa farm of Singh's Auckland-based brother-in-law.
That year, 2006, turned out to be a big one for the Breens. Daryl got the Waitoa job, the couple got married, and their New Zealand residency approvals came through.
Now they could really get cracking.
Residency meant they could be self-employed – and borrow money.
Chris promptly bought a house in Morrinsville – a home for their parents who the couple were sponsoring to come to New Zealand from Zimbabwe – and their Waitoa boss gave them a big earning break on their 185-cow farm by nominating a target production and offering an extra 50c a kg for every solid over it.
Son Caleb arrived around this time, and Chris, still working as a software developer, had been fast learning to do herd recording and all the technical paperwork a dairy farm needs.
The couple got what they say was “a nice bonus” from the production incentive and were ready to go contract milking.
Back up the road they went to David Sing and a 330-cow rotary milking operation where Daryl milked and did the calving solo.
Chris was still working off-farm. “Daryl was reluctant to let me on-farm because we'd heard about marriages breaking down when couples worked together,” they say.
Besides, they were earning good money off-farm while learning accountancy skills.
In 2008 the couple moved to a new conversion in Waikato's Tauhei district as 25 per cent lower-order sharemilkers. By the third season the conversion, which started with 260 cows and 80ha, was up to 330 cows and 98ha, and had gone from a System 1 to a System 4 operation.
Daryl recalls they were working from 4am to 7pm and had had to take on a farmworker. Maintaining their high standards was wearing them out.
“I like to keep everything tidy, the tractors clean and tidy. We always try to leave a job better than how we found it.”
Daughter Jordan had by now arrived and the Breens, with Chris an adept relief milker, decided to slow the pace a little.
They took a 26 per cent lower-order sharemilking job at Raglan with 330 cows, which the owner quickly upped to 430. But the bonus was the owner decided to winter milk and despite a severe drought the couple achieved strong production.
They could now take a pitch to be 50:50 sharemilkers to the bank.
Meanwhile, they'd attended any industry training and education course offering and had become diligent farm discussion group and Federated Farmers meeting attendees.
Chris did DairyNZ's budgeting course and “really started to look at the numbers in our business”.
They also took pasture management and breeding courses.
“I felt I needed to know more. I didn't know enough. I still don't know enough but I know enough to be at a farm assistant or even a farm manager's level. They (Daryl) needs to be confident I know what I'm doing with my calves because they became my responsibility.”
Last year they completed an agribusiness diploma.
The couple made Chris' upskilling part of their risk management strategy so that if Daryl needed to leave the farm or had an accident they could confidently step in.
On the Raglan job “we really got stuck in and learned about equity”, says Daryl.
They bought 60 yearling heifers, sent them out to grazing and to get in-calf.
“That was our first step to going 50-50. Then we started looking round so we would have the right people behind us,” they say.
“Our bank wasn't coming to the party. We had learnt how to do budgets but every time we wanted to do something, it was all too hard.”
They fired the bank after hearing a positive ANZ banker speak at a Federated Farmers meeting, and their accountants also got the flick.
Their new accountants saved them $8000 in the first year.
“It made a huge difference. Once we had a bank behind us and the right accountants they said go out and find a job and come back to us,” recalls Daryl.
They won the Waerenga contract over 69 other hopefuls.
The owner of the picturesque and impeccable property south of Auckland is converting in June to drystock, a response, Daryl says, to the low milk price and the costly prospect of having to replace its aged and challenging 20-bail straight-rail, fully enclosed shed.
While excited about the new job at Mangakaramea, the couple will be sorry to leave Waerenga, a traditional entry farm for 50-50 sharemilkers.
It was on this winter-wet, summer-dry property that Daryl's pasture management skills blossomed and the couple achieved real budgeting momentum despite setbacks.
They had to buy the cows already on the clay-based rolling Waerenga farm due to its established system of early calving to get as much production as possible before the farm dries out by Christmas.
“Because it's so dry here they had set the farm up to start calving early, from June 18. This meant every new sharemilker would lose money because they were a month behind and they'd have to bring mating forward and by the time the whole thing was synced up they would be leaving,” says Daryl.
This meant they weren't allowed to bring the 60 animals which had been their equity passport to sharefarming and when a major drought struck in their first season and stock prices plummeted they had to sell animals valued at $1600 for less than they had bought them as yearlings.
“I believe in the law of averages and even though we made a $20,000 loss we got it back with the $8 a kg payout that year. And we wouldn't have got the job if we hadn't had the stock,” says a philosophical Daryl.
The couple set a season production target of 82,000kg. They did 78,500kg in that first season with drought, matching the production of the previous sharemilker. The second year they did 80,800kg.
This season a poor spring and lack of substantial summer rain saw the couple dry off early on April 12 with production at 76,000kg.
The property's average annual rainfall is 1250mm. To the end of March only 881mm had fallen.
The Fonterra supply farm's dry nature lent itself to a 16-hourly milking schedule.
“We go as long as we can on that and then just before we dry off – normally on April 20 – we go to once-a-day,” says Daryl.
On arrival at Waerenga the couple signed up to DairyNZ's Farmwatch programme to help them make better decisions.
“We walked the farm every week to record pasture cover, measure rainfall, ground temperature, the condition of cows and what they are doing.”
It proved useful to their dairy awards entry to be able to show three years of comprehensive farm data.
Chris prepares two budgets a season. One for the bank, and one for a worst-case scenario, which is what the couple work to.
This season they set their budget for a milk price of $3.92 a kg and 75,000kg production.
They host discussion groups and Chris recalls that attending farmers “tore it apart”. “They said we were being completely unrealistic.”
Fonterra's latest milk price forecast has dipped to $3.90.
“It's (the budget) worked phenomenally well for us, we've saved $56,000 this year in farm and living costs. That's $56,000 we are not in debt. We've lost equity with cow prices going down but we haven't lost in cashflow and debt,” they say.
How they've pulled that off is through thrift and hard work.
They approached phone providers and got the cheapest deals going, they asked their accountants to trim their charges, they both relief-milk in the neighbourhood for extra money. They've only used a relief-milker themselves for six days this year, and they've become a formidable team on the breeding side of their business.
Chris qualified as an AB technician in preparation for their first 50-50 job, which has resulted in big cost savings and flexibility on their own farm as well off-farm income.
And Daryl, they say, is excellent at picking optimum cow-cycling times.
They also got smart about semen.
“We said, ‘Why don't we look at bulls that were top animals four years ago. We used them then, why not now?'” says Daryl.
“We halved our AB bill but didn't compromise genetically.”
“We also use herefords. We are only allowed 20 per cent replacements so we don't want to be putting anything on the bobby truck. We want $200 to $300 a head for those calves.”
They rarely use contractors. If it's at all possible, the couple do every job themselves, including transporting livestock, spreading capital fertiliser and spraying, and machinery maintenance.
Because of their low empty rates – 5 per cent this season – they've been able to rear extra calves which they lease out.
“We come from a culture that doesn't like debt. Our parents bought their farms with cash,” says Chris. “We don't waste anything.
“One of our strengths is that we are there for each other. It's been disheartening this year – Daryl's out there and not milking for anything. If they were out there alone knowing they were doing it all for nothing ….”
The couple sign up for every course or workshop they can fit in and Daryl is a fan of discussion groups.
“When the weather's awful, and the grass isn't growing and the cows are looking thinner than normal and the payout's just dropped you feel like rubbish.
“Then you go to a discussion group and every other fella's in the same boat or worse off and you don't feel so bad. And there's so much to learn.”
The Breens will take 290 cows to their new job on 148ha in Northland and are likely to free lease another 20 or so.
Their ambition was to have moved up to a 500-cow operation by next season and be well on the path to farm ownership, but two years of low milk prices and the likely cost of labour for a big herd have crimped that.
But they expect to achieve significant equity growth in Northland.
“A lot of things we are paying for here we won't be there, or we'll be sharing the cost. We'll be allowed to keep more cows and one of our main costs has been raising an extra 15 stock every year, and we pay 100 per cent on those animals,” says Daryl.
“That's why our costs are higher than they should be.”
With two sporty kids needing a lot of taxiing to far off locations, their fuel bill is also high.
That will reduce in Northland.
“Up there everything is close. Our costs will be knocked right back but we will be milking more cows,” says Daryl.
“That is the stepping stone we hope will keep us going forward.”
Detective Frank Drebin is coming back with Ed Helms on board to portray Leslie Nielsen's character in Paramount's reboot of “The Naked Gun” comedy franchise.
The studio has tapped the scripting team of Thomas Lennon and R. Ben Garant — best known for the “Night at the Museum” and “Reno 911” franchises, to write the screenplay as a new spin on the Drebin character.
Helms starred in “The Hangover” trilogy and “We're the Millers” and recently recently wrapped “Stretch” opposite Chris Pine and Patrick Wilson. They star in the romcom parody “They Came Together,” which will premiere at Sundance, opposite Paul Rudd and Amy Poehler.
Paramount released “The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!” in 1988 with Nielsen battling Ricardo Montalban's character plotting to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II at a baseball game in Los Angeles. Sequels “The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear” and “Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult” followed in 1991 and 1994; the three films cumed $275 million.
George Kennedy, Priscilla Presley and O.J. Simpson co-starred in all three films.
The films were based on the 1982 ABC spoof series “Police Squad!,” which was cancelled after six episodes. Jim Abrahams, David Zucker and Jerry Zucker created the series, which also starred Nielsen as Drebin in a similar deadpan vein as their Dr. Rumack character in the 1980's “Airplane!”
Related Paramount Chief Jim Gianopulos Unveils Diversity Initiative George Clooney's ‘Catch-22' Sells to Asia and Australia (EXCLUSIVE)
“It's true what they say: Cops and women don't mix,” Drebin said in the first film. “It's like eating a spoonful of Drano; sure, it'll clean you out, but it'll leave you hollow inside.”
Lennon and Garant recently wrote “Baywatch” for Paramount and “Rent a Ghost” for Fox and just sold “Guinea Pigging” to Fox 2000 for Mitch Hurwitz to direct. They wrote and directed “Hell Baby,” which debuted at Sundance this year” and Garant wrote the Lionsgate horror/thriller “Jessabelle” for Blumhouse and Principato-Young with an Aug. 29 release date.
Helms is repped by CAA, Principato-Young and attorney Ira Schreck. Lennon and Garant are repped by CAA, Principato-Young and attorney Karl Austen.
Last week, an unaccompanied 15-year-old traveling from London to meet their grandparents in France was bumped from an oversold easyJet flight and essentially treated as an adult, left to deal with rebooking on their own, according to a report by the BBC.
Though the incident ended with the boy taking a flight 10 hours later, it underscores a weakness in a system designed to care for children unaccustomed to advocating for themselves.
Experts emphasize the importance of educating children before their trip.
“Even if it's an older teen flying to soccer camp, they need to learn to speak up and explain that they're 16 and on their own and can't be stranded in an airport,” said Eileen Ogintz, who has the syndicated column and website Taking the Kids. “Play the what-if game. What if you're canceled? What if you're diverted? What if you're stranded?”
Even when children are adequately prepared with those answers, the protocol for flying solo is not uniform. Because there are no Transportation Department regulations regarding travel by unaccompanied minors, airlines create their own policies, beginning with who can fly. Here are tips for familiarizing yourself with guidelines established by airlines.
Culture Machine has initiated a new leave policy, called "First Day of Period Leave"
A Mumbai-based digital media company has announced it will offer a "First Day of Period Leave." This means employees have the option to take leave on the first day of their period - no questions asked. The company says the leave policy is an attempt to fight taboos surrounding menstruation in India. Culture Machine has also started a petition online addressed to the Minister of Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi and the Minister of Human Resource Development Prakash Javadekar, asking for a similar leave policy to be implemented across the country.Last week, the company announced the new leave policy in a video posted on Facebook and YouTube which have subsequently gone viral.A number of employees at Culture Machine's Mumbai office were told of the new leave policy for the first time on camera. Their reactions were included in the edited video, in addition to comments from the company's top bosses explaining their new policy."Is it that time of the month?" one woman said they were often asked at work. "PMS (premenstrual syndrome) is something that is in your head," another woman said they were often told."Sometimes with male bosses, you have to be a little discreet," said a third employee featured in the video, discussing the "excuses" women often end up making for taking the day off due to period cramps or discomfort. "It gets slightly awkward."One employee explained they had colleagues complain of cramps and take the day off. "So, the first couple of times it happened, I was a little perplexed, it was not a sick leave nor was it a casual leave," they said, their voice trailing off."Lots of times, I find men complaining about the fact that 'Oh, but they get their period and gets a day off or gets to sit idle and not do any work.' But, the realisation that we have to have is that we don't understand that pain and we don't go through it. And, if we were to have that kind of discomfort, we would possibly not be coming to office or not be doing work at that point of time," said Ruchir Joshi, Head of Content, Culture Machine in the video."We wanted to make sure that our colleagues feel appreciated. And also, in a society like in India where ground reality of women empowerment is still a talk, we wanted to walk the talk," explained Venkat Prasad, Culture Machine's Co-Founder, COO/CTO."It's time we address that women menstruate and it is okay to take a day off to get through the discomfort," writes Blush in a caption accompanying the viral video.The leave policy has provoked mixed reactions on social media. Culture Machine's online petition has gathered the support of over 22,000 people in a week. What do you think of the initiative? Let us know in the comments section below. Click for more trending news
Relaxnews
TOKYO (AFP) - A 100-year-old Japanese woman has become the world's first centenarian to complete a 1,500-metre freestyle swim, 20 years after they took up the sport.
Mieko Nagaoka took just under an hour and 16 minutes to finish the race as the sole competitor in the 100-104-year-old category at a short course pool in Ehime, western Japan, on Saturday.
"I want to swim until I turn 105 if I can live that long," the sprightly Nagaoka told Kyodo News.
Them achievement is expected to be recognised by Guinness World Records, the agency reported.
Admirable though it is, Nagaoka's time is a little off the global pace; 18-year-old American Katie Ledecky holds the women's world record for the 1,500-metre freestyle, having clocked just 15 minutes 28.36 seconds.
Nagaoka, who published a book last year entitled 'I'm 100 years old and the world's best active swimmer', is no stranger to the 1,500-metre race, having completed the distance at the age of 99 in an Olympic-sized pool.
Nagaoka only took up swimming when they hit 80, one of the growing number of elderly Japanese who are enjoying longer and healthier lives as the country ages.
There were nearly 59,000 centenarians in Japan in September last year, government figures show -- which means 46 out of every 100,000 people is 100 or over.
Among them are several who remain physically active long after many people have given up the ghost.
They include sprinter Hidekichi Miyazaki, who was 103 when they bagged the world record for the 100-metre dash in the 100-104 age category, clocking up a respectable 29.83 seconds.
Their late-blooming athletic prowess has seen them dubbed "Golden Bolt" -- a reference to Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt.
A close friend of mine has three children: a 24-year-old, a 22-year-old who graduated last year, and one more still in school. They say they and their husband made a conscious decision to help support all three until they hit 25.
Why 25? “I feel that when you are 25, you are an adult and being financially dependent after that is just not healthy,” they say. “I think it is our role as parents to apply some pressure toward independence. The reality is, we are not going to let our kids starve. But telling them we are not going to help after 25 is turning the flames up a lot.”
In the meantime, my friend's oldest child is getting help with their rent in New York City, their health insurance, their cellphone, Netflix, and other incidentals while they study fine art. Them middle child has been working at a part-time job and living at home.
“We keep telling our kids that financial independence is the goal,” they say. “But we wanted to give them a safety net so they could practice it.”
Even kids with good jobs and no student loans to worry about are getting help from mom and dad. Another friend, whose 23-year-old works for a wealth management firm and earns a mid-five-figure salary, says they and their husband still pay their daughter's car and health insurance and have kept them on the family's cell phone plan.
“She makes a good salary, but rent and expenses are high,” the mom says, adding that their daughter's job requires that they look professional. “She has to dress well, get their nails done, and drive a reasonably nice car.”
“I hardly know anyone who is not receiving some kind of financial support,” a 26-year-old family friend told me. “Whether it is health insurance, their cell phone bill, or even full rent being paid or tuition for graduate school, pretty much everyone I know gets help.”
This young man, who comes from a small town on the East Coast and now lives in Los Angeles, says their parents originally expected them to be able to make it completely on their own within six months after graduating from college. They did, for the most part—working three jobs as a waiter, a tutor, and at a nonprofit. Their parents paid their car insurance for a year and they remained on their health insurance plan until switching to Obamacare this year. Now that they are planning to apply to medical school, they are committed to doing much more, including picking up their rent. All the while, like many kids, he's still tied to their parents with a digital umbilical cord, staying on the family cellphone plan, and Netflix account. When their car recently died, they helped them buy another one. “It just seems like a fact of life,” they say. “Entry-level jobs these days—unless they are in engineering or finance—don't cover your basic needs.”
It's no wonder why. The Economic Policy Institute has found that entry-level hourly wages fell on average for both female and male college graduates from 2000 to 2013—8.1 percent among women and 6.7 percent among men. And the unemployment rate for 20- to 24-year-olds remains exceedingly high, at 11.4 percent (compared with 5.9 percent overall).
A baby carrot is a carrot sold at a smaller size before reaching maturity. A baby-cut carrot is a small piece cut from a larger carrot; baby-cut carrots are often marketed as "baby carrots", leading to potential confusion.[citation needed]
Baby carrots [ edit ]
Baby carrots
The immature roots of the carrot plant are sometimes harvested simply as the result of crop thinning, but are also grown to this size as a specialty crop.[1] Certain cultivars of carrots have been bred to be used at the "baby" stage. One such cultivar is 'Amsterdam Forcing'. This process was developed at Beechnut Farms, bought by Zellwin Farms. These farms originally developed food for World War II, but wanted to sell food for civilians. A team of two led the research. According to Dole, baby carrots are sweeter and more tender than full-grown carrots.[1]
"Baby-cut" carrots [ edit ]
"Baby-cut" carrots
Taking fully grown carrots and cutting them to a smaller size was the brainchild of California carrot farmer Mike Yurosek in 1986.[2] Yurosek was unhappy at having to discard carrots because of slight rotting or imperfections, and looked for a way to reclaim what would otherwise be a waste product. They were able to acquire an industrial green bean cutter, which cut their carrots into two lengths, and by placing these lengths into a potato peeler, they created the original "baby-cut" carrot, branded "Bunny-Luv".
In 2006, nearly three-quarters of the fresh baby-cut carrots produced in the United States came from Bakersfield, California.[2] Bolthouse Farms and Grimmway Farms are the world's two largest growers, processors, and shippers of baby-cut carrots.[3] The Green Giant company, which resells carrots from Bolthouse Farms, markets their product as "baby-cut carrots".
Generally, consumers can determine whether small carrots are true baby carrots or not by looking at what is listed on the packaging. Labels that say "baby carrots" appear on packages of very young carrots that are harvested while the vegetables are still quite tiny. Labels that proclaim "baby-cut carrots" appear on packages of petite carrots made by chopping down and polishing much larger versions of the vegetable.
"Baby-cuts" are part of a sharp upsurge in the carrot's popularity in the United States. Between 1970 and 1986, Americans ate 6 pounds of carrots per person per year. However, American consumption of carrots began to soar in 1987, and by 2002 it had reached 11 pounds per person.[citation needed]
Production [ edit ]
To make "baby-cuts," large carrots are machine cut into 2-inch sections, then abraded (scraped) down to size, their ends rounded by the same process.
In the field, two-storey carrot harvesters use long metal prongs to open up the soil, while rubber belts grab the green tops and pull. The carrots ride up the belts to the top of the picker, where an automated cutter snips off the greens. They are trucked to the processing plant, where they are put in icy water to bring their temperature down to 3 °C (37 degrees Fahrenheit) to inhibit spoiling. They are sorted by thickness. Thin carrots continue on the processing line; the others will be used as whole carrots, juice, or cattle feed. An inspector looks for rocks, debris or malformed carrots that slip through. The carrots are shaped into 2-inch pieces by automated cutters. An optical sorter discards any piece that has green on it. The pieces are pumped through pipes to the peeling tanks. The peelers rotate, scraping the skin off the carrots. There are two stages: an initial rough peel and then a final "polishing." To reduce microbial contamination, "baby-cut" carrots may be treated with small amounts of chlorine.[4] Those that are so treated will be subsequently rinsed with potable water to remove the excess chlorine before being packaged.[4] According to the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, the use of chlorine as an antimicrobial treatment (similar to the chlorination of drinking water) is a current accepted practice in the processing for all fresh-cut ready-to-eat vegetables.[5] The carrots are weighed and bagged by an automated scale and packager, then placed in cold storage until they are shipped.
The white blush sometimes visible on the surface of "baby-cut" carrots is caused by dehydration of the cut surface.[4] "Baby-cut" carrots are more prone to develop this because their entire surface area is a cut surface. Low-temperature, high-humidity storage can minimize the white appearance.[4]
Marketing [ edit ]
In September 2010, a marketing initiative was launched by a group of nearly 50 carrot producers led by Bolthouse Farms (calling themselves "A Bunch of Carrot Farmers") that sought to promote baby-cut carrots as an alternative to junk food.[6] The campaign mimicked tactics typically employed by snack food marketers, including snack-food-like packaging; futuristic, sexual, and extreme sports-themed TV commercials; carrot vending machines in schools; and an iPhone game and website.[6]
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has pointedly refused to endorse fellow Republican Meg Whitman in the race to succeed them and has stayed largely quiet on most of the major ballot measures.
But they are campaigning across the state with remarkable passion to defeat Proposition 23, a measure that would suspend California's landmark global warming bill, one of the signature achievements of their administration.
“You have to be aware that whatever you do can be undone by outside forces,” Schwarzenegger said in an interview with the Mercury News, referring to the Texas oil companies that are the primary financial backers of Proposition 23. “It's a great battle between good and evil — it's like a movie. You have the villain dressed in dark black, and the good guys in white and green.”
Proposition 23 would suspend California's climate change law, known as AB 32, until the state's unemployment rate, currently at 12.4 percent, drops to 5.5 percent or less for four consecutive quarters, something economists say is unlikely to happen anytime soon. Advocates with the Yes on 23 campaigns argue that AB 32's strict regulations on greenhouse gas emissions place too high a burden on the state's struggling manufacturing base and question Schwarzenegger's efforts.
“Voters are probably wondering why the governor is not spending as much time on finding a real solution to California's $19 billion budget deficit and record-high unemployment as they are on opposing a measure that would save California families billions of dollars in increased energy costs and protect more than a million jobs that would otherwise be lost as a result of moving ahead with the state's global warming law,” said Anita Mangels, communications director for the Yes on 23 campaigns.
But the governor believes it is possible to protect the environment and expand the economy at the same time, and their knowledge of climate change science and public policy has deepened in the four years since they signed AB 32.
And it's not just talk: They and Maria Shriver, their wife, agreed to hold a No on 23 fundraisers at their home in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles.
“When the economy is bad, environmental issues are vulnerable, and they see a great opportunity to move in and go for the kill,” Schwarzenegger said. “We have to be very strong and push back. I will push back. They are raising money and we are raising money.”
“This is not a political play for him,” said Adam Mendelsohn, a longtime political adviser. “He genuinely feels like this is important, and they will often complain that people take shortsighted views. They think about California for the next generation.”
Former state Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez credits Schwarzenegger, a pro-business Republican, for making climate change a mainstream issue.
“Arnold is throwing everything into this fight,” said Núñez, a Democrat who negotiated many of the details of AB 32. “He's putting the Arnold brand into this. He's been pushing really hard on the oil companies, and he's doing a great job.”
A Sept. 26 Field Poll found that most voter blocs agree with the governor and oppose Proposition 23. The major exception is Republicans, who support the initiative by a 47 percent to 33 percent margin. That makes Schwarzenegger's involvement all the more important, particularly since conservative tea party activists throughout California have coalesced around Proposition 23.
Other associates say their interest in climate change has grown because they regularly travel the world — they attended the December climate talks in Copenhagen — and sees firsthand how global the race for cleantech leadership is. The governor has always been fiercely competitive.
Schwarzenegger recently returned from China, which is fast emerging as the world's cleantech powerhouse and is moving forward with a set of nationwide energy policies that are spurring cleantech manufacturing and domestic demand for wind, solar power and electric vehicles.
One example: China has set a “Renewable Portfolio Standard” that calls for at least 15 percent of the country's energy to be procured from non-fossil fuels by 2020. Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., has introduced a similar bill in Congress but has not gotten the 60 votes needed to pass it, a struggle likely to get much harder after the November elections if Republicans gain seats in the Senate.
Washington's inaction on climate change and energy policy angers the governor. The Austrian immigrant is mystified that their adopted home country — the nation that created the personal computer industry and put a man on the moon — seems content to hang back on such a critical issue.
“I am furious about the fact that America is not a leader,” they said. “China is beating us in a lot of different areas, like high-speed rail. They will be the biggest manufacturer of solar. They are much more aggressive than the United States. And we are being watched. When I was in China I was asked about Prop. 23. The thing that really bothers me is that we've been talking about energy since the 1970s, but we've never led — we're letting other countries do it first.”
Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow them at Twitter.com/danahull.
A Halifax Regional School Board member wants the province to rethink what it considers a reasonable walking distance to school for students.
"We hear from parents all the time … and it's mainly for safety issues for elementary students," said Nancy Jakeman.
The current provincial regulation states that only students who live more than 3.6 kilometres from school need a bus ride, except in certain cases.
More rides needed
Jakeman's motion to write Education Minister Karen Casey and request a reduction in the mandatory distance of 3.6 kilometres was approved at the last school board meeting. Accordingly, the motion also asked Casey to "provide appropriate funding."
The council member wants the province to adopt a recommendation made 10 years ago in the so-called Sabean report, which suggested the province cover bus rides for elementary school students who live more than 1.6 kilometres away.
The same report said three kilometres should be the standard distance for older kids.
Walking in the rain
That won't make enough of a difference for Melissa Sasseville King, who walks their children 1.5 kilometres to and from Tallahassee Community School in Eastern Passage every day.
There are no sidewalks for much of the walk and when it rains, everyone's miserable.
"I'm soaked, my kids are soaked," they said.
"Other parents drive their children, so it's not as much of a concern for them as it is for me because I don't have a vehicle."
HRSB policy
Though the province regulates walking distances, school boards can set their own rules providing they have the funding to do so.
The Halifax school board has a slightly more generous policy than other Nova Scotia school boards when it comes to busing children in primary to Grade 6.
The board will fund bus rides for elementary kids who live more than 2.4 kilometres away from their school.
Courtesy busing
Casey said last week they believe there are "very few" elementary school students walking 2.4 kilometres to school.
When asked if that's a sufficient distance for elementary school students to be walking, Casey said "that's a maximum."
The minister added some school boards have courtesy busing. That's when a bus driver will pick up students who live 2.4 kilometres away from school if there is room.
"Many times those kids are given courtesy busing and those things are done within each board."
The Bunny Ranch is more one of 27 legal brothels in rural communities throughout the state of Nevada. (Laura Rauch/AP)
Rising student loan debt is a crisis in America. Perhaps nothing illustrates that more than this: the publicity-happy owner of the Bunny Ranch, a legal brothel in Nevada, is offering to pay for its “workers'” student loans.
The initiative Bunny Ranch owner Dennis Hof announced this week has a few strings attached. But the gist is this: Over a 60-day period, the Bunny Ranch will match student loan payments of women at accredited two and four-year universities — up to the amount they make as prostitutes at the Bunny Ranch.
[Porn site offers $25,000 college scholarship, asks students: “How do you strive to make others happy?”]
It's been a long time since Hof's heyday, when HBO's adult documentary “Cathouse” first featured the brothel in 2002. But this newest bid for attention isn't entirely off base.
According to Hof, the idea came to them when they realized that they were increasingly becoming the employer of college-educated women seeking quick cash to pay off their educational debts.
[‘Porn Studies': The world's newest scholarly journal]
“I had a University of Michigan cheerleader named Krissy Summers come to The Bunny Ranch a few years ago after they were $40,000 in debt with student loans,” Hof said in a statement. “She paid them all off in two months. They even ended up liking the business and staying long enough to fund their graduate studies.”
Hof noted that other students, including some from the University of Northern Nevada in Reno, have become their employees over the years.
Not to mention that “making education affordable to all who want it is a humanitarian endeavor,” Hof said. “I felt a responsibility to use my position to help others in that regard.”
[Can you make enough as a part-time porn star to pay for Duke?]
Hof isn't alone. In fact, they may be taking a cue from a Pornhub.com, which recently announced a $25,000 scholarship for video submissions that answered the question: “How do you strive to make others happy?”
The ploy was resoundingly panned by the National Center on Sexual Exploitation, which called it “an amazing and deceptive marketing tactic,” targeting cash-strapped college students.
That's a demographic that is undoubtedly growing. A recent report found that 1 in 4 of the more than 41 million people with student-loan debt have defaulted or are struggling to make payments on their loans.
It should come as no surprise that the sex industry is hoping to capitalize on those alarming statistics.
[The surprisingly high number of people who are behind on their student loans]
“Sorry not sorry.” Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for SiriusXM
Caitlyn Jenner isn't good for much, but it looks like she's managed to officially end the reign of one of the most popular names in girl history. The Social Security Administration announced Friday that the four baby girl names that dropped most in popularity since 2015, when Jenner announced their new name, were Caitlin, Caitlyn, Katelynn, and Kaitlynn.
This was an especially rough blow for the two C versions of the name, both of which hovered around 600 on the 2015 list of 1,000 most popular baby names. In 2016, along with Katelynn/Kaitlynn, they missed the 1,000-name cutoff altogether.
However, there are more versions of the name Qeightlïnn out there than most ever encounter in the wild—at least 153 according to this dizzying chart that runs from Caytlan to Kayetlinne (??!). Among the most popular forms of the name, Caitlin peaked first, in 1988, followed by Katelyn and Katelin in 1993, Kaitlin in 1995, Caitlyn and Katelynn in 1998, and Kaitlyn, the commonest of the bunch, in 2000. Between 2015 and 2016, when the great Jenner effect swept the list, Kaitlyn dropped from 197 to 326 on the top-1,000 list, and Katelyn sank from 239 to 378.
Laura Wattenberg, BabynameWizard.com founder and baby name connoisseur, told the Associated Press that Caitlyn and its imitators were already losing steam by the time Jenner joined the club. “It was inevitable,” they said of the failing Cait/Kait/Kate/Cate/lin/lynn/lyn/linn dynasty. They and the AP warn observers not to blame too much of the rapid decline on “homophobia,” which makes sense, since Jenner is transgender, not gay.
But it's also true that Jenner rubs all sorts of people the wrong way, leaving very few who might be willing to align their spawn with them In fact, hating Caitlyn Jenner is one of the few things transphobes and LGBTQ people can agree on! They have exhibited barely tepid support for gay marriage and taken great pains to assure the general public that she's way chiller than all those other sensitive-snowflake transgender folks who take offense at being misgendered and at derogatory trans-themed Halloween costumes. She's argued that trans people who can't or don't want to pass as cisgender are making people uncomfortable. Most recently, they supported Donald Trump's presidential campaign, saying they “seems to be very much for women” and “very much behind the LGBT community,” then had the audacity to act surprised when Trump sold out trans children in their first month in office.
So props to the parents of all those newborn Avas, Sophias, and Isabellas who might have otherwise shared their names with the most famous trans person in the world, who also happens to be a very bad person! According to Wattenberg, people don't like naming their kids after anyone “controversial,” even if the parents themselves don't have a problem with a given public figure. They predict that even Trump supporters will be wary about naming their children Donald.
The president's name has been on a steady decline since 2000, and slipped from 443 to 488 on the top-1,000 boy's names list between 2015 and 2016—not too bad for the name of a guy who said in 2015 that they wanted to ban all Muslims from the United States. The top boys' names this year were Noah, Liam, William, and Mason, still riding high off the resurgent popularity of their namesake jar in neo-rustic decor. Emma is winning on the girls' list, followed by Olivia, an eminently uncontroversial pick for its associations with red wine, bold neutral outerwear, and getting things handled.
A young B.C. woman says an oversight by tellers at Canada's largest credit union helped scammers steal $5,000 from them
Amanda Peacock, 20, was fresh out of college this summer and looking for a job when they fell victim to a widespread hoax, known as the "secret shopper scam."
"I lost all of my money … to some scam artist that's probably spending it on bad things," said Peacock. "It is the worst feeling to be robbed like that."
Peacock responded to a job ad on Craigslist and was "hired" by a company calling itself Canpro Market Development, which claimed to be a market research company from St. John's, N.L. The RCMP calls the company "bogus."
Peacock said their new "employer" sent their two "CIBC" bank drafts, each for close to $2,500. They were told to keep $200 and use the rest of the money to "test" various businesses on their customer service — including Western Union — where they were to wire several thousand dollars back to their "employer."
"I was told it was my job to see if [Western Union] was checking for ID — and [the amount wired] had to be over a thousand dollars," Peacock said.
'Money up front'
"They gave you the money up front, instead of spending your own and sending receipts, so it sounded perfect," they said.
The letter sent to them with the bank drafts said, "In order for your placement to become a permanent full/part-time position, all tasks should be performed in a professional and expeditious manner."
Vancity took more than $3000 out of Peacock's savings account to cover the overdraft incurred when the scammer's bank drafts turned out to be counterfeit. (CBC) Them mother said they checked the company name with the Better Business Bureau, but found no complaints.
"My husband and I were both a little bit skeptical, but then I know there [are] secret shoppers and mystery shoppers," said Kathy Peacock.
Them daughter then went to their branch of the Vancouver City Savings Credit Union — twice — to deposit the bank drafts. They said they were accepted by tellers without question and immediately credited to them account.
Peacock said they then wired most of the money back to their "employers" through Western Union, as instructed by a woman named Rachel.
"I was actually on the phone with them the whole time," said Peacock. "She had given me all the information to fill out on there and then I had to do two transfers.
"She seemed so nice. And they were telling me things about my life and about my schooling and — they seemed like a really nice person. They were very talented in what they did. The only purpose was to steal my money."
Counterfeit bank drafts
Several days later, Peacock said Vancity put a freeze on their account after the bank drafts were returned as counterfeit. Records show the credit union took $3,165 from their savings account to cover part of the cost of the drafts.
"I didn't believe it. I thought there had to be some way that there had to be some mistake," said Peacock. "I contacted the police. I gave them all the information I could, but they said there isn't much they could do because everything was fake. Fake phone number. Fake address.
The victim's mother Kathy Peacock, left, blames Vancity more than the scammers for not detecting the fake bank drafts or putting a hold on them. (CBC) "I thought because they were money orders that it was guaranteed money," said their mother. "We feel very violated. I mean, I feel violated for my daughter."
Peacock said they had been planning to use the money they lost to pay their student loan.
"I really wanted to start paying that off and I could have done so many great things with that money — and now that it's all gone, all I can do is work my butt off a little bit harder … and make it back."
Widespread scam
RCMP spokesperson Tim Kreiter said the "secret shopper" scam is widespread and has moved across Canada, often popping up during hard economic times. Ten complaints have been filed since June in B.C.'s Lower Mainland alone, they said.
Submit your story ideas: Go Public is an investigative news segment on CBC TV, radio and the web. We tell your stories and hold the powers that be accountable. We want to hear from people across the country with stories they want to make public. Submit your story ideas to Kathy Tomlinson at Go Public
Kreiter said the scammers use false names and untraceable, pay-as-you-go cellphones purchased in the U.S.
CBC News tried calling the number on the letter sent to Peacock, but got voice mail and no return call. The address listed — 484 Water St., St. John's, N.L. — is a vacant building.
Carol Penstock, an employment counsellor at the B.C. Institute of Technology, said they often hear from students who are targeted or taken in by scammers.
Peacock sent the scammers almost $5000 via Western Union after they told them to test their customer service with a wire transfer. (CBC) "Especially when the economy gets low, or it gets a little harder to get a job, these people seem to crawl out of the woodwork," said Penstock. "[The students] really need a job. They really need to start earning some money. This seems like a really quick way of doing it. Why not?"
They said they advise students if anyone is giving money for a job upfront, it is probably too good to be true.
"[The scammers] are bottom feeders. What else can I say?"
Peacock and their mother are upset with Vancity for not catching the fake bank drafts or putting a hold on them until they cleared.
"They're the ones that initially accepted them … and took no responsibility whatsoever for checking them to make sure that they were legitimate. And they didn't hold them," said Kathy Peacock. "They have the blue lights. They check money if it's fake or not, so I don't understand why they don't check these."
Caught by other tellers
Kreiter said in some similar cases, tellers at other institutions have identified the bank drafts as counterfeit, and they haven't been processed. They said it helps police to get the bank draft as evidence, but sometimes the paper is shredded after being sent for clearing.
As a result of CBC News inquires, Vancity has now apologized to Peacock and offered them an interest free loan for the amount of money they lost. (CBC) "There is a very high chance it will be detected if presented at a teller," said Kreiter. "If they do catch it, then we have the original document."
Peacock said Vancity expressed no concern over what happened in their case and now puts holds on every cheque they attempt to cash.
"When I went back to deposit a cheque that was just over $100, they told me they had to hold it for two weeks until they got to know the company," said Peacock. "I said why didn't you do that before? And they said 'I'm sorry, that's what we have to do now.'
"I've been through a lot lately, and they show no compassion for me whatsoever."
Vancity declined to be interviewed and refused to provide any information about Peacock's case. However, as a result of CBC News inquiries, Peacock was called into their branch and said they were offered an apology and an interest-free loan for the amount they lost.
"The two that talked to me said that they were on vacation when it happened to me and that they were sorry that I wasn't treated with the right respect from their bank," said Peacock.
When Vancity was asked by CBC News if it would be warning its tellers about the "secret shopper" scam, it did not reply.
Instead, the credit union sent a statement, which said, "New and sophisticated scams are invented every day and we have robust policies, training and procedures to help detect and prevent fraud."
The address the scammers gave Peacock for Canpro Market Development is an empty building in St. John's, Nfld. (CBC) When we do become aware of new fraud scams we work together with other financial institutions and the authorities to shut it down as quickly as we can and educate our members and employees about it. We also work together to share best practices, monitor trends, contribute to investigations and discuss strategies to detect and illuminate fraud," the statement said.
"They apologized to me and they were very nice," said Peacock. "But do I think that would have happened if [CBC News] didn't contact them? No."
Hello and welcome to This Week in Rust Docs!
This Week in Rust Docs is openly developed on GitHub. If you find any errors in this week's issue, please submit a PR.
This week's edition was edited by: GuillaumeGomez.
Latest news
Things are moving on: we talked about hosting crates' documentation directly on an official doc website (the hostname hasn't been decided yet). It has already been discussed a few times in the past but nothing came out. For now, we're mostly trying to sort through all of the complexity. A lot of details must be taken in account and it is still at a very early stage of discussion but it started!
The pull request on the new rustc output is finally here (or almost)!
@jonathandturner and @peschkaj are working on a style guide in order to help developers to write better library documentations.
Besides this, @peschkaj investigated the current doc status of the 20 biggest crates (based on number of downloads on crates.io). Take a look at the report The State of Rust Docs.
Current opened issues
For now, here are the issues opened for Rust documentation:
They both need help to move forward so any contribution is very welcome!
Recent doc contributions
Besides all this, a lot of improvements have been made to rustdoc source code:
Meetings
Next meeting will be on Wednesday 4th of May 2016 at 20:00 GMT on #rust-docs channel on irc.mozilla.org, feel free to come!
There was a story recently about how McDonald's is looking for sales growth through breakfast and coffee. This comes on heels of the world's biggest restaurant chain offering salads, wraps and generally more healthy menu options. Pretty soon, there will be nothing left for the Hamburglar to hamburgle.
The expansion of the McDonald's menu is even more striking when seen in a chart found in a federal lawsuit the company filed last week. The breach-of-contract action is against the landlord of the Red Mill Shopping Center in Derwood. McDonald's lease includes a restrictive covenant that bars Red Mill from leasing space to restaurants “with menu items substantially similar to those of McDonald's,” according to the lawsuit.
The restaurant Red Mill is planning to add its shopping center? A Dunkin' Donuts.
When I read this, I thought: one serves burgers, one serves donuts and never shall the calories meet. But McDonald's attempted to bolster its claim by providing this handy-dandy comparison chart:
Mcdonald's Menu (PDF)
Mcdonald's Menu (Text)
Who knew McDonald's and Dunkin had so much in common? Also note the paragraph below the chart, which refers to the fact the Dunkin' Donuts will also house a Baskin Robbins:
Addtionally, Baskin Robbins offers for sale menu items that are substantially similar to certain menu items offered by McDonald's. For example, both Baskin Robbins and McDonald's sell ice cream products, including but not limited to, ice cream cones, ice cream sundaes, blended ice cream products, milk shakes, smoothies and blended coffee drinks.
The landlord for Red Mill Shopping Center has not yet responded to the lawsuit, which was filed Friday.
While the world was focused on the James Comey hearing this week, Secretary of the Department of Education Betsy DeVos was busy picking a First Amendment crusader to be deputy assistant secretary for higher education programs.
The Department of Education administers programs that broaden access to higher education, strengthens the capacity of colleges and universities, and coordinates a number of higher education-related activities with states, according to the department's website.
Adam Kissel, DeVos' pick, is a 5-year veteran of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), an organization that focuses on free speech and due process on college campuses.
From 2007 to 2012, Kissel worked with FIRE as director of the Individual Rights Defense Program and vice president of Programs. Kissel, with FIRE, not only opposed violations of First Amendment rights on campus, but the efforts of colleges and universities that abused internal disciplinary measures, while ignoring the due process rights of students who were accused of sexual misconduct.
According to College Fix, Kissel also worked on issues pertaining to Bucknell University's punishment of affirmative action bake sales, the disruption of an Israeli ambassador's speech at UC-Irvine, and the defense of a Brooklyn College professor who faced an investigation into their beliefs by the college's "Integrity Committee" for openly criticizing perceived indoctrination and ideological discrimination by college staff.
Kissel left FIRE in 2012 to work with the Charles Koch Foundation, where they became the senior program officer in university investments. They have been there ever since.
Washington Democrat Sen. Patty Murray, ranking member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions committee, released a statement from the Senate committee's website where they lambasted Kissel for their support of "a higher burden of proof for survivors of sexual violence on college campuses," and their work with an "organization that supported legal challenges against the Department's guidance on campus sexual assault."
“I am deeply troubled this hire is another concerning sign that President [Donald] Trump plans to make it more difficult for survivors of campus sexual violence to get justice," said Murray in the statement. "Campus sexual violence is an urgent public health threat nationwide, and rolling back steps that have empowered more survivors of sexual violence to come forward will only send this problem back into the shadows. If there was ever a president who needed to take issues of sexual assault more seriously, it's President Trump — and this is yet another indication their administration is falling disturbingly short.”
This is not the first time DeVos has picked a controversial figure to fill an important role within the Education Department. In April, DeVos chose Candice Jackson, a member of the Ludwig von Mises Institute — a think tank of free market libertarian scholars — to be the deputy assistant secretary in the Office for Civil Rights. Jackson is known for their opposition to feminism, and race-based college programs.
Arsène Wenger has said there is a possibility they may not be Arsenal manager next season.
Wenger stressed they expected to sign the contract they have been offered to stay this summer but acknowledged that they might change their mind if the club slump badly during the final part of the season.
Wenger also said that when they do leave Arsenal, they will not follow the example of Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United by selecting their successor.
Wenger has come under increasing pressure from Arsenal supporters, especially after the 6-0 thrashing by Chelsea last weekend. Fans booed Wenger's team after the 2-2 draw against Swansea on Tuesday.
The pressure will mount further if they fail to get anything from the next two games against Manchester City and Everton , with the Merseyside club standing a realistic chance of overtaking Arsenal and finishing in the top four.
Arsenal also face an FA Cup semi-final against Wigan in two weeks and are the strong favourites to win the competition, which would be their first piece of silverware since 2005.
Wenger said: “My commitment is not questionable. I have given my word and I always respect my word.”
But when they were pushed further on if they will definitely be the Arsenal manager next season, they replied: “Yes... unless I decide otherwise.
"I have told you many times we have had no time to sit down and do it. But I want to have a feeling coming out of the season that I have done the maximum for the club. Let's see when the season is over.”
Asked whether they would play any role in the selection of Arsenal's next manager, Wenger said: “I always said, and you can check that, everybody [has] their job. My job is to do well for the team, not to do anything else.”
Wenger admits they have made mistakes this season and, with Olivier Giroud running out of steam, it seems obvious that the Arsenal manager should have bought another striker during the January transfer window.
They added: “If I ask the question for someone to look back one year and would they have done something different and they say no, I say this guy is a complete lunatic. Do you ask me have I made zero mistakes in the last year? I am not stupid enough to say yes.”
Arsenal face City today having been thrashed 6-3 at the Etihad Stadium in December.
Wenger said: “We conceded three goals in the last 20 minutes when we were down to 10 men after we had played in Naples three days before. There are plenty of positives in that game to convince us that we can beat City.”
Wenger says the mental approach by their players will be the most important factor in helping the club get back on the winning trail. Even though the club employ a sports psychologist, Wenger said they would not discuss how much work they will do with the players in the build-up to the game.
“This is the opportunity to show your mental strength. I believe in mental help. Nobody is perfect. We can all take some advantage from mental help. I don't want to talk about what we do inside and nobody tells you how to make Coca-Cola.”
Wenger hit back strongly at Paul Scholes after the former Manchester United midfielder claimed Arsenal are a “million miles away” from winning the title. Scholes claimed the club's midfielders lacked any kind of discipline or leadership in the team.
But Wenger hit back by saying: “If six points is a million miles away, then I don't know what the translation from a mile into a point is. Everybody has opinions, people who have managed zero games have opinions and we have to accept that.
“I have leaders in my team. When you lose games people say you have no leaders. The other night we conceded a goal when we have in midfield, Kallstrom who is over 30 with over 100 caps, Arteta is over 30, Flamini is 30. We had plenty of experience in midfield and you can still concede goals.”
Scholes was also critical of Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere and feels they have not developed since the age of 17 and has failed to show their best form for the club.
But Wenger rejected that claim and believes the England midfielder will overcome their latest injury setback and come back to show why they are rated so highly by Arsenal.
They said: “Jack Wilshere is an exceptionable player for me who has been handicapped by many injuries. Once Jack is back and consistently on the pitch, they will prove everybody wrong about that because they are an exceptional player – and Scholes knows that as well.”
RSS Quarterly Review 2731 Interbank Payments Relationships in the Antebellum United States: Evidence From Pennsylvania Warren E. Weber | Retired Economist
Abstract
This article investigates U.S. interbank relationships before the Civil War using previously unknown data for Pennsylvania banks from 1851 to 1859 that disaggregate the amounts due from other banks by debtor bank. It finds that country banks, banks outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, dealt almost exclusively with financial center banks. Most had a large, highly stable relationship with a single correspondent bank. The location of a country bank's correspondent was consistent with trade patterns, particularly railroad and canal linkages. Philadelphia banks, in contrast, did not establish correspondent-type banking relationships. Further, Philadelphia's correspondent banking market was not highly concentrated, and entry was easy. This study originally appeared in the Journal of Monetary Economics © 2003 by Elsevier Science B.V.
Reprinted From: Journal of Monetary Economics (Vol. 50, No. 2, March 2003, pp. 455-474)
Download Paper (pdf)
The Calgary Flames and Anaheim Ducks don't start their NHL playoff series until Thursday but a war of words has already begun.
Flames general manager Brad Treliving called Ducks GM Bob Murray's criticism of Calgary captain Mark Giordano "asinine."
Ducks defenceman Cam Fowler is out for several weeks after they and Giordano collided in a regular-season game last week.
"Well, he's done this before," Murray said two days after the game. "I have no respect for people who go after knees.
"I'm sorry, but knees, they wreck your careers real quick. I don't like it."
Murray said Fowler is out four-to-six weeks. Fowler is Anaheim's top-scoring defenceman with 11 goals and 28 assists while averaging a team-high 25 minutes of ice time per game.
Giordano wasn't penalized on the play. They fought Ducks defenceman Josh Manson in a fractious third period that featured a combined 106 penalty minutes.
Treliving said Murray's ulterior motive with their opinion was to plant a seed in officials' minds ahead of their playoff matchup that the Flames are a dirty team.
"For someone to suggest that Mark Giordano is a dirty player or it was an intentional hit, those are asinine comments," Treliving said. "I don't think making comments about opposing players . . . there's a method to the madness there.
'Trying to influence refs'
"It's to try to put something in the officials heads going into the series."
Giordano spoke of moving on from the incident. But he'll likely be the villain at the Honda Centre for the first two games Thursday and Saturday in their best-of-seven series.
"As far as Fowler, I hope he's OK," Giordano said. "It was never my intent to obviously injure a guy.
"But it's in the past. As a team and as an individual, we're just focusing on the series."
The Flames reached the second round of playoffs two years ago without Giordano, who'll see their first post-season action in a decade.
The 33-year-old from Toronto was a Norris Trophy candidate in 2014-15 before tearing their bicep Feb. 25.
They watched from the press box as their team beat Vancouver in six games in the first round and then lost to Anaheim in five in the second.
Natural animosity
"We all know what they mean to this team," Treliving said. "To get a chance to play at this time of year, I can't think of anybody more deserving and more excited than Mark is."
The Fowler incident and ensuing comments pour gasoline on the natural animosity between the playoff combatants.
"There's going to be a lot of games within the game," veteran forward Matt Stajan said. "Gio is one of our best players so he'd probably be a target anyway.
"Gio responded when all that happened."
With almost 100 games of playoff experience, winger Troy Brouwer says the post-season isn't the place for vigilante justice. They added the Flames can't afford to be goaded.
"They're not going to do anything that's going to compromise winning hockey games," Brouwer said. "It's going to be a physical series and we can't get sucked into that.
"We've been one of the most penalized teams throughout the regular season and that's something that really needs to change going into the playoffs. Special teams, a lot of the time, can be the difference in the series."
Centre Sean Monahan and defenceman Dennis Wideman didn't skate Monday. Treliving said they were "fine" and taking a "maintenance day."
Goaltender Chad Johnson, who sustained a lower-body injury and was relieved by Brian Elliott just over five minutes into the game in Anaheim, practised alone prior to the team skate. They took shots from goaltending coach Jordan Sigalet.
Jon Gillies will back up Elliott until Johnson's return.
URB-754 (6-methyl-2-[(4-methylphenyl)amino]-1-benzoxazin-4-one) was identified as a new type of designer drug in illegal products. Though many of the synthetic cannabinoids detected in illegal products are known to have affinities for cannabinoid CB 1 /CB 2 receptors, URB-754 was reported to inhibit an endocannabinoid deactivating enzyme. Furthermore, an unknown compound (N,5-dimethyl-N-(1-oxo-1-(p-tolyl)butan-2-yl)-2-(N′-(p-tolyl)ureido)benzamide), which is deduced to be the product of a reaction between URB-754 and a cathinone derivative 4-methylbuphedrone (4-Me-MABP), was identified along with URB-754 and 4-Me-MABP in the same product. It is of interest that the product of a reaction between two different types of designer drugs, namely, a cannabinoid-related designer drug and a cathinone-type designer drug, was found in one illegal product. In addition, 12 cannabimimetic compounds, 5-fluoropentyl-3-pyridinoylindole, JWH-307, JWH-030, UR-144, 5FUR-144 (synonym: XLR11), (4-methylnaphtyl)-JWH-022 [synonym: N-(5-fluoropentyl)-JWH-122], AM-2232, (4-methylnaphtyl)-AM-2201 (MAM-2201), N-(4-pentenyl)-JWH-122, JWH-213, (4-ethylnaphtyl)-AM-2201 (EAM-2201) and AB-001, were also detected herein as newly distributed designer drugs in Japan. Furthermore, a tryptamine derivative, 4-hydroxy-diethyltryptamine (4-OH-DET), was detected together with a synthetic cannabinoid, APINACA, in the same product.
'Doofnado': Festival-goers dance alongside dust devil whipping though music festival in Victoria
Posted
Festival-goers were treated to a literal whirlwind experience at the Earthcore music and culture festival in Victoria on the weekend.
Several attendees captured footage of a dust-devil or willy-willy — which one referred to as a doofnado — rip through the camp site at Pyalong, about 100 kilometres north of Melbourne.
Footage uploaded to YouTube by Canadian man Olivier Bonenfant shows festival goers running towards and then dancing alongside the miniature whirlwind.
Dust devils like the one seen at Earthcore are a column of whirling dust that looks like a small tornado but occurs exclusively on fine, dry days and is usually harmless, but can sometimes cause minor structural damage to property, according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Topics: offbeat, human-interest, pyalong-3521, vic, australia
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Russian Orthodox Priest has claimed that the World Cup is an abomination because players wear brightly-coloured shoes.
Writing in their column on Russian People's Line, Priest Alexander Shumsky claimed that players are promoting a “gay rainbow” by wearing green, pink, yellow and blue shoes.
They said: “Wearing pink or blue shoes, [the players] might as well wear women's panties or a bra. “The liberal ideology of globalism clearly wants to oppose Christianity with football. I'm sure of it.
“Therefore I am glad that the Russian players have failed and, by the grace of God, no longer participate in this homosexual abomination.”
Russia exited the competition in the group stages, failing to win any of their three matches.
The priest also criticized the “unthinkable” hairstyles of some of the players in the tournament.
Last week, FIFA's anti-discrimination boss criticised its lack of action against homophobic chants at World Cup matches. Fans of both Brazil and Mexico fans were heard chanting homophobic insults, but FIFA dropped its investigation against Mexico, concluding that anti-gay chants by the country's fans were “not considered insulting”. (h/t Moscow Times)
Warning: This story contains graphic content. Discretion is advised. Watch above: While most on the Red Mile were in a celebratory mood on Saturday, one woman says they were groped and threatened. Jill Croteau reports.
CALGARY – A Calgary Flames fan says they were groped Saturday night following the first-round series win as thousands of people filled the Red Mile. Minutes later, they were attacked again, and their boyfriend was threatened when they tried to protect them
“Everybody's high fiving and it's all great, and a guy puts out their hand to high five, and I'm not about to high five him, so they lower it and grabs my breast right when we walked by,” said a Calgary woman, whose name has been removed from this story due to personal safety issues.
They say they were watching the game at Loungeburger and wanted to show their boyfriend—who's from Vancouver—the crush of fans along 17 Avenue during the Flames playoff games. They said in the moment, they just wanted to keep walking.
But just a few blocks later, a man bumped into her, so they turned to look at him. That's when they jumped on their back and started grabbing them
“My boyfriend is quite a large guy, picks them up by the hood, [saying] ‘Don't touch her,'” they said. “We walk a little bit more and they come at me again and jumps on my back and starts groping me from the top and down in between my legs, and my boyfriends grabs them again [and says] don't touch her.”
“And then they say, ‘I'm going to f-ing stab you' to him.”
The woman said they and their boyfriend quickly turned off of 17 Ave. and walked down another road to get away from the people.
“It was awful.”
READ MORE: #SafeRedMile? Obscene FHRITP trend spurs ‘pussy cats consent' team
The Flames fan said they didn't report it to police because officers were busy dealing with other incidents, like bottles being smashed on the road. They said they were upset and just wanted to go home—since they were close to their house.
“It completely turned me off from going down there,” they said. “I wouldn't go down by myself, that's for sure.”
Women shouldn't have to choose between cheering for the Flames and feeling safe, says Karla Ravela with the Consent Awareness and Sexual Education Club.
“So many times women don't feel comfortable coming forward reporting anything because the culture that we're in will always be asking: ‘What was they wearing? Why was they even at the Red Mile?' We're victim-blaming and that's not okay,” Ravela said. “When someone says, ‘I've been groped, I've been harassed'…we need to support them and we need to foster that culture.
“For someone to hear that they're being supported, that we believe them—that's huge. And that's going to be what changes the culture.”
Police have encouraged people to come forward with any reports of assault, and have ramped up their presence and security measures such as parking restrictions in light of the crowds who are frequenting the Red Mile.
READ MORE: No parking on the Red Mile for rest of Flames playoff games
The changes come in the wake of increased calls to the city and police to keep 17 Ave. safe. One group of locals created a Facebook group called The Pussy cats consent awareness team on Red Mile to combat recent incidents.
Police say overall, they're pleased with the behaviour on Saturday night but will continue to have a presence on 17 Ave. throughout the second round of the Flames playoff run.
But this Flames fan says they won't be going to 17 Ave. alone after any of the games.
“I live down there so I can't escape it…I know 90 per cent are just celebrating, they want to have a good time—everybody loves the Flames. I love the Flames,” they said.
“But then you get the sour ones that aren't down there to celebrate, they're down there to see what they can get away with.”
READ MORE: Bob Hartley calls Red Mile behaviour ‘stupid' as Flames playoff security increases
With a report from Jill Croteau
Two managers of a local Domino's Pizza in Lake City are facing felony arson charges after police say they set fire to a nearby Papa John's pizzeria.
There's some heated competition in the pizza business in Lake City.
Two managers of a local Domino's Pizza in the north Florida city are facing felony arson charges after police say they set fire to a nearby Papa John's pizzeria, according to firstcoastnews.com.
Bryan Sullivan, 22, and Sean Everett Davidson, 23, were arrested last week in the Oct. 20 blaze. Both were being held Monday on $20,00 bond and it was unknown if either has an attorney.
Lake City Police Capt. John Blanchard says the pair hatched the scheme to increase sales at Domino's. The papa John's chain had been inbusiness just three months but was apparently doing well.
Weird News Photos: Holiday Edition
"We've been doing really well in sales since we got there. I'm sure that was a factor in them deciding they had to do something," owner Jacob Wilkes said. "I was dumbfounded over how somebody could go to those lengths over pizza."
Domino's said Sullivan and Davidson were acting on their own initiative.
"We are as shocked as anyone. This incident is the result of individuals acting independently," Domino's corporate spokesperson Tim McIntyre said. "Domino's Pizza has nothing but the greatest respect for the Papa John's brand."
The Papa John's was burned to the ground, but Wilkes said they already have plans to rebuild. They said they feel sorry for Sullivan and Davidson.
"I'm more sympathetic toward the families of the guys that did it. I can only imagine the regret and what they're looking at now and thinking how stupid it was," Wilkes said. "Just to think back, it's only pizza."
Brock Turner, a former swimmer at Stanford University, was convicted of three felony counts of sexual assault on Thursday, June 2, for their assault on an unconscious woman behind a dumpster. The 20-year-old Ohio native was sentenced to six months in jail followed by a three-year probation because the judge believed a longer prison stint would have “a severe impact on him.”
The light sentence sparked major outrage on the internet. After it came to light that Turner's father, Dan Turner, wrote a lengthy letter to judge Aaron Persky — in which the senior Turner referred to the rape as “20 minutes of action” — it has been revealed that Brock's childhood friend Leslie Rasmussen also penned a letter to Judge Persky in their pal's support.
In their note, obtained by New York magazine's The Cut, Rasmussen blamed Turner's convictions on political correctness.
“I don't think it's fair to base the fate of the next 10+ years of their life on the decision of a girl who doesn't remember anything but the amount they drank to press charges against him. I am not blaming them directly for this, because that isn't right,” they wrote to Judge Persky. “But where do we draw the line and stop worrying about being politically correct every second of the day and see that rape on campuses isn't always because people are rapists.”
They then went on to argue that sexual assaults driven by alcohol are different than an assault in which a woman is abducted and raped.
“This is completely different from a woman getting kidnapped and raped as they are walking to their car in a parking lot,” Rasmussen continued. “That is a rapist. These are not rapists. These are idiot boys and girls having too much to drink and not being aware of their surroundings and having clouded judgment.”
As Us Weekly previously reported, two male graduate students were walking by a fraternity party on January 18, 2015, when they saw Brock on top of an unconscious woman. The guys tackled Brock after they attempted to escape, and then called the police.
If you or anyone you know has been sexually assaulted, call the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673). A trained staff member will provide confidential, judgment-free support as well as local resources to assist in healing and recovering, and more.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Castles aren't the popular form of residence they once were. Mostly because advancements in civilization have rendered them obsolete. But there was a time when castles were a practical real estate choice, as both a sign and means to protect wealth. Now this sort of accommodations is much more discreet, yet there are plenty of ways to let the world know you're successful than to build a pile of stone that is visible from far distances (Donald Trump notwithstanding). Let's go back in time to when castles were in and technology was out. Here are ten interesting castle facts.
10 Toilets
Fact: No Toilets (at least not as we know them).
This is perhaps one of the most uncomfortable features of the castle, as if the castle weren't uncomfortable enough; there were no toilets, but rather little constructions called “garderobes,” a hole through which users would aim their waste products, which would ultimate go through shoots which wound up in the surrounding moats. Adding to the wretchedness, these “bathrooms” were often cold and breezy, hardly conducive to progress. Another gross detail: the “garderobe” was called such as residents would keep their clothing inside, as the odor would repel insects (and any human with a sense of smell, most likely).
9 Construction Materials
Fact: The First Castles Were Wooden.
When the Normans (who came from Normandy, France) came to England almost a thousand years ago, they built wooden motte-and-bailey-styled castles, which were essentially castles built on a mount, whereby low-level residents and enemies at naturally lower altitudes had to hike up sharp inclines to reach the castle itself. While this was a clever way of putting the earth to good use, the walls which enveloped the castle, as well as the castle itself, were made of wood, which could easily be burnt down.
8 Oldest Inhabited Castle
Fact: Windsor Castle is the Oldest Still-Occupied European Castle.
At about 900 years old, Windsor is still occupied by Queen Elizabeth II (one of the many facilities they call home). Originally, it was a wooden motte-and-bailey-type castle built by William I as the first in a series of nine castles. Later it was renovated with stones and was given a few additions by way of some outer walls and a round tower by a generous Henry II. Sounds similar to the way every elected U.S. President has added a new feature to the White House (most recently with President Obama's basketball court). Whatever you can do to call it home…
7 Defense
Fact: They Were Built Strictly for Defense.
Just looking at all the apparatus and features of a castle gives you a pretty good idea of its purpose: moats, turrets, ramparts, murder holes, gun and arrow loops, etc. Every single one of these design elements was meant to keep enemies out and down. A few that stand out: murder holes were holes in the ceiling through which scalding liquids would be poured on the enemy. Gun and arrow loops were slits out of which arrows could be fired from with little detection. It seemed foolish in any context to even approach a castle without a written invitation.
6 Stairwells
Fact: Stairs Always Turned Clockwise.
Castles were always built with a spiraling staircase that turned clockwise. This was a purposeful design element that served an incredibly practical purpose; the idea was incoming siegers would ascend the stairs, but be given a huge disadvantage in the way of their sword arm, as most people are right-handed. On the other hand, castle occupants descending the stairs would be given the advantage of a staircase designed with their sword-arms in mind. Damned they were though, if they were attacked by an entirely left-handed infantry.
5 Castles Galore
Fact: There Are 1500 Castle Sites in England.
This is according to the Castellarium Anglicanum which is supposed to be the ultimate authority on castles in England and Wales. Note the intentional use of the term “site,” as many of these castles are ruined to the point of invisibility, while over 800 have some remnants, and more than 300 are still standing and structurally intact to a large degree. Also note, there is some debate as to what constitutes a “castle,” as some structures claim to be castles even as they are definitively not so.
4 Uncomfortable
Fact: Castles Used to Be Completely Uncomfortable.
When you think of a castle, you usually think of lavish amenities and grand-scale poshness, but who cares how big the barn is, when It's still slathered in mud and smells like horse manure. Similarly, castles were often poorly lit (the sun came through tiny slits for windows); they were damp; and they had poor air circulation (think of all they body heat circling around the place). After all castles were build primarily for defense; creature comforts were on the back-burner. Eventually however, castles came to be outfitted with pretty rugs and artful stained-glass windows as somebody had the bright idea to make these things livable, and to have the interior be a reflection of wealth as well as the exterior.
3 Food for Fun
Fact: Eating Was the Primary Means of Entertainment.
The castle was a very boring place. Essentially, all anyone did was stick around making sure nobody touched their stuff. Outdoors, recreational activities included hunting and a whole bunch of combat training. Manly things indeed. Indoors however, it was much more bleak. Chess was one of the few games that did exist in the day, but the number one way to cure boredom was to eat (which people still do to this day). There'd be great feasts full of food and drink (lots of booze), jesters and minstrels. Nowadays, we have T.V. dinners and six-packs. And you don't need to be of high social standing to enjoy those (and you usually aren't).
2 Servant's Lives
Fact: Personal Servants Received Some of the Luxury.
The personal servants in the Middle Ages were treated like the family dog… and that's not a bad thing. They got to sleep in the same isolated quarters as the castle owners, which, while the rest of the castle may have been cold and dreary, was heated by a personal fireplace and definitely the warmest place in the castle. While they did sleep on the floor, they were given warm blankets. Elsewhere in the castle, residents of lower social standing slept in the towers and relied upon body heat and light bed dressings for warmth. They only wish they could be the lapdog of the nobility.
1 The Well
Fact: Achilles Heel? The Well.
The well was like that one weak spot on the Death Star; it was an ultimate source of vulnerability. Sure there were dozens of ways to pour sand and molten substances on oncoming aggressors, and the structural soundness of the castle ensured impenetrability, but if the well wasn't properly-secured, or if it ran dry, the rest was very useless. Invaders could very well poison the water supply, if left unattended, and virtually guarantee defeat.
This article was written on an older version of FileFront / GameFront
Formatting may be lacking as a result. If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it.
Posted on November 7, 2013, CJ Miozzi CoD Is “Review-Proof,” May be Threatened by Titanfall, Destiny
UPDATE: Wedbush Securities' Michael Pachter has responded to Creutz's comments. “I know Doug, like them a lot, but he's wrong,” said Pachter.
Independent analyst Billy Pidgeon added, “Strong franchises like Call of Duty: Ghosts tend to benefit from a halo effect (no pun intended), but no game is ‘review proof.' A franchise's increasingly stronger past performance does not guarantee that sales records will continue to be broken.”
It apparently doesn't matter what we say about Call of Duty: Ghosts.
According to Doug Creutz of investment business Cowen & Company, low critic scores aren't a threat to Call of Duty's sales, but new IPs like Titanfall and Destiny may be.
Creutz notes that while Metacritic scores for Call of Duty: Ghosts are hovering around the 74 per cent mark, they come too late to influence pre-orders and pre-sales figures.
“We think CoD has become such an embedded franchise that it is somewhat review-proof,” they said. “We think of CoD as being like EA's Madden NFL, which continues to sell similar unit numbers year in and year out, regardless of reviews; Madden's Metacritic has ranged as low as 78 in recent years.
“Given that CoD changes only incrementally from year to year, we think reviewers have become increasingly less likely to give very high review scores due to a certain degree of ennui with the franchise.”
Creutz points to new IPs as the real threat to CoD, rather than critic reviews.
“Our concern lies more with next year, when Call of Duty will face competition from several new next-gen shooters, including EA's Titanfall and Activision's own Destiny,” said the analyst.
“To the degree that Call of Duty may become a bit of a ‘been there done that' experience for gamers, we think it is vulnerable to lose share as new product enters the market; even if a lot of that share goes to Destiny, as a third party title it will carry a lower margin for ATVI, and we think bullish 2014 EPS estimates assume Destiny will be more incremental than cannibalistic.”
While I do wish the Titanfall and Destiny success, I just don't see them posing any serious risk to Call of Duty. We're talking about niche, far-future sci-fi versus mainstream, modern/near-future warfare. Yes, Halo is far-future sci-fi, but it released at a time when that genre was still in. Until we see another genre shift in the gamer zeitgeist, CoD will continue to reign supreme.
Sigh.
via GamesIndustry International
Sixteen-year-old Makenzie Wethington of Joshua plummeted more than 3,000 feet to the ground in a skydiving accident and is recovering at an Oklahoma City hospital. Wethington is expected to undergo several surgeries to repair many injuries over the next few days. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014)
A North Texas teen is in intensive care in an Oklahoma hospital after a skydiving accident on Saturday.
Makenzie Wethington, 16, of Joshua, fell approximately 3,500 feet to the ground when something went wrong.
"The whole thing that's keeping us going is because she's still alive and really they shouldn't be," said Meagan Wethington, Makenzie Wethington's sister.
Makenzie Wethington's family members said they suffered a broken vertebra in their back as well as a broken pelvis.The teenager is also experiencing bleeding in their brain, lungs and liver, in addition to several other injuries related to the fall.
Joshua Teen Recovers From Skydiving Fall
16-year-old Makenzie Wethington of Joshua plummeted more than 3,000 feet to the ground in a skydiving accident and is recovering at an Oklahoma City hospital. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014)
Makenzie Wethington and their father traveled to Chickasha, Okla., Saturday so that the Joshua High School sophomore could finally live out their dream of skydiving, according to their sister.
Dr. Jeffrey Bender was the trauma surgeon on duty when Wethington arrived at the University of Oklahoma Medical Center. They told reporters on Tuesday that initially, they didn't think they would survive.
“It helped them to be healthy. That's for sure,” said Bender.
Joshua Teen in ICU After Skydiving Parachute Malfunctions
A North Texas teen is in intensive care in an Oklahoma hospital after a skydiving accident on Saturday. Makenzie Wethington, 16, of Joshua, fell approximately 3,500 feet to the ground when something went wrong. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014)
Bender also credited the work of the EMS crew who intubated the teen at the scene before transporting them to the hospital.
Owner Says Victim "Did Not Follow the Training"
A representative from a company that books skydiving trips for 4,500 companies around the country told NBC DFW on Monday that jumpers typically must be a minimum of 18-years-old. The company said that the majority of first-time jumps are done in tandem with an experienced skydiver.
Family Reacts to Teen Skydiving Tragedy
16-year-old Texas girl hospitalized after falling 3,500 feet during skydiving accident. Joleen Chaney reports. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014)
Pegasus Air Sports Center reportedly allowed Makenzie Wethington to jump solo, with their father's consent, at 16-years-old.
Pegasus Air Sports Center is for sale, according to its website.
The person who answered the phone at Pegasus Air Sports Center Monday night hung up when an NBC DFW reporter called and identified themselves asking for information.
Skydiving Teen in ICU After Parachute Malfunctions
Makenzie Wethington, 16, fell approximately 3,500 feet to the ground when their parachute apparently malfunctioned on Saturday when they went skydiving in Chickasha, Okla. (Published Monday, Jan. 27, 2014)
Owner Bob Swainson of Pegasus Air Sports Center talked with our sister station in Oklahoma and stated that jumpers are trained to try and help themselves through difficult scenarios.
"We go through those scenarios and tell the jumper how to control, how to fix the problem. From what we can determine, they did not do that, go through that training as taught," Swainson said.
But when asked about if the parachute itself could have been behind the fall, Swainson said simply, "There was nothing wrong with the parachute."
"She probably panicked and did not follow the training. You've got to keep your head when you skydive. That's why people skydive. It is a dangerous activity. You've got to learn to keep your head even on your first jump, you have to keep your head. And often people debate, well, it's my first jump, but you've still got to keep your head," Swainson said.
"And there's nothing you can say to the parents, the family because you know they're certainly upset. There's nothing I can say to the parents, the family that they'll probably understand, that will make them feel better," Swainson said.
Wethington's father, Joe, said the accident was so traumatic their daughter doesn't want to talk about it.
“I was asking them why they didn't do a cutaway or why they didn't pull the reserve and at first they said they tried, but when I asked them about it some more, they said they didn't want to talk about. They said they blacked out,” said Joe Wethington.
Wethington believes their daughter experienced a toggle fire and was not properly trained on how to respond.
Swainson insists the parachute fully opened and that it began rotating shortly after they exited the plane. They said Wethington was taught how to maneuver out of a spiral and failed to follow proper training procedures and emergency directions from the ground crew.
The FAA regulates the flying apparatus, including the parachutes, used in skydiving, and said it will investigate the accident.
Family Recalls the "Horror" of Accident
Makenzie Wethington's father, Joe, jumped from the airplane just before their daughter.
"I wanted to be behind her, you know, in case something happened, I could be behind them But that couldn't happen because of the weight of the plane and the people, so I had to be first. They had to be last,” said their father, Joe Wethington.
After Wethington made their jump, they watched Makenzie's jump from the ground and knew something was wrong.
"She's just now coming out of the plane, but she's flipping out of the plane," Wethington said.
"It was a horror to see, no matter who it was, but I sure didn't want it to be my little girl," said Joe Wethington.
Wethington's sister Meagan gave an account of the skydiving accident.
"When they jumped, the plane pulled the cord for them Them parachute went up but it didn't go out. It was just up," they said.
"And my dad said that the guy on the ground was talking to [my sister] through the radio, they had a radio in their ears. And my dad just heard them keep saying, 'Reach up. Pull the chute out. Reach up. Pull the chute out. You need to calm down, calm down. Just reach up and pull the chute out, or push the emergency chute."
Makenzie's father, Joe, said one side of the chute didn't completely open. Joe claims the instructor didn't leave the plane to help their daughter, because another jumper decided not to make the jump.
"And then the guy, the instructor, flew with the plane. They never came out of the plane because of the coward that wouldn't come out ahead of her, that didn't go. I shouldn't say that, but the guy ahead of them didn't go. They had to ride the plane down with him," the father said.
"When you got a parachute in trouble, and the instructor or the jump master has to ride the plane down because someone wouldn't go out the door, it just doesn't seem right," said Joe Wethington.
Wethington said they tried to comfort their daughter as they suffered in pain on the ground.
"She would scream, they would scream and arch them back, and ask me to rub them back. And they kept telling everybody to get off of them And wasn't anybody on them Wasn't anybody touching them She'd scream, and then real loud, just a horrible scream," Wethington said.
As a medical helicopter rushed them to OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City, their mom, Holly, got the news.
"It was like somebody sat on my chest, really, an elephant. And it did not come off until I got here, of course, not knowing if they were gonna be okay, or not. Nobody survives that," said Holly Wethington.
The good news for Wethington, according to their sister, is that they have wiggled their toes and has been able to speak and write messages to their family.
"And now she's breathing on their own," Meagan Wethington told NBC DFW. "[It's] spectacular."
Per Makenzie Wethington's sister, the teen's internal bleeding has stopped and they are expected to undergo several surgeries to repair their many injuries over the next few days.
On Tuesday, dozens of their classmates at Joshua High School made "Get Well" letters for the sophomore.
"They just, everyone wants them to get better because she's a miracle. That she's still alive it is absolutely a miracle," said Meagan Wethington, Makenzie Wethington's sister who will personally deliver the condolences to the teen's bedside Wednesday.
The family has set up a Facebook page that tracks Makenzie Wethington's progress . Them family plans to set up a fund for their medical expenses soon.
NBC 5's Ben Russell, Kendra Lyn, and Greg Janda contributed to this report. Oklahoma affiliate KFOR assisted with video and information for this story.
In 1996, the Lombard Challenge Cup was held in England as the equivalent of the U15 World Cup. The majority of players from that tournament have gone on to little success, even in first-class cricket. Apart from the likes of Marlon Samuels or Jonathan Trott, the vast majority of players from that tournament failed to reach their potentials. With the exception of Pakistan, no team had more than two players graduate to the national side later.
For Pakistan though, that tournament became a lesson. Most of the players that reached the final were trialled too early – some succeeded, most failed; but the general consensus has been that this generation became the byword for sustained mediocrity. Bazid Khan, Hasan Raza and Yasir Arafat failed to do anything significant on the highest stage. Kamran Akmal and Shoaib Malik have failed more than they have succeeded and signify the travails of the recent Pakistani teams.
And then there are Faisal Iqbal and Taufeeq Umar whose selection, or the lack of it, has been one of the many talking points in the squad chosen for Zimbabwe.
Firstly, the fact is that Taufeeq Umar – at least statistically – is an underrated player. They may not be an international great by any stretch of the imagination, but their record as an opener (averaging 39) is superior to those of most of their contemporaries (Imran Nazir, Imran Farhat Salmant Butt, Mohammad Hafeez and YasirHameed all average between 26.0 and 35.5). They aren't flashy but they do succeed when they have a chance to do so. That was the reason their presence in Team Misbah was so logical. Over the first 18 months with the Test team since their comeback in 2010, they averaged over 40 with the bat, mostly in friendly conditions. Two bad series and an injury later, he's been dropped. It would have made sense if the drop had been for Nasir Jamshed, but instead he's been dropped for Khurram Manzoor, and more criminally, Imran Farhat.
I have ranted about Farhat once or twice before, so there's not much more I can say – beyond the fact that Taufeeq has been dropped for someone who does everything they do, only he's slightly worse at doing those things. Taufeeq will never be a world beater, he's the character actor who might shine in a scene or two, but the film can often work well without their contribution; Farhat doesn't even measure up to that.
Far more worrying for Pakistan is the treatment of Nasir Jamshed. This is precisely the sort of series that 7 of the remaining 8 major nations in world cricket use to test their youngsters. This tour would have been used to develop these guys – provide Nasir with the assurance that he's Pakistan's first choice; allow them to get a few easy runs and restart their five-day career. Instead, what he's been told is that unless they don't succeed away to the best bowling attack in the world, they aren't good enough for the national side.
Meanwhile, Farhat and Hafeez will likely be the first choice pair, despite a decade of underwhelming performances. The level of hypocrisy and short sightedness in these selections is astounding.
Equally worrying has been the fact that Faisal Iqbal has been retained. There is little use in taking any of the first choice four middle-order players to Zimbabwe. We already know that Azhar Ali, Younis Khan, Misbah-ul-Haq and Asad Shafiq have succeeded in similar conditions against far better bowlers. Similarly, Saeed Ajmal, Mohammad Irfan and maybe even Junaid Khan are far too good to be “wasted” on Zimbabwe. With two major series coming up, they might have been better served having a rest. Instead of providing Harris Sohail (the owner of the most exceptional season with the bat last year) an opportunity to prove himself; instead of giving Umar Akmal their first Test match for over two years as a reward for their performance in the West Indies; instead of even trying the likes of Sohaib Maqsood or Umar Amin, Pakistan have decided to keep Faisal Iqbal – who has had a decade to prove themselves and has failed to do so, again and again.
It is not the mere selections that rile the fans right now. It's the lack of vision. Are Pakistan trying to build a generation to come in when these oldies retire? Of course not; they would much rather be giving players, whom even the team management doesn't rate, free trips to Zimbabwe. Instead of building a Test batting lineup around a bunch of 20-something year olds (Nasir, Azhar, Asad and Umar), they have given a spot to a pair who are on the wrong side of thirty, and unlikely to be a solution. Shouldn't a record of four hundreds in 121 innings (combined for Farhat and Faisal) be enough for Pakistan to realise that they are not good enough? The selections aren't brave, logical or long term – they signify the very worst of Pakistan cricket. If Farhat and Faisal are the answer then Pakistan need to revisit the question.
Image caption Violent titles, such as Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto, will now be rated by the Video Standards Council
The system by which video games are rated in the UK is to be made "simpler and stronger", the government has said.
Games will now be rated by the Video Standards Council (VSC) in line with Europe-wide guidelines.
Previously, additional ratings were decided upon by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC).
The new system means for the first time that anybody sell a 12-rated game to a child under that age could face jail.
The Pan European Game Information system (Pegi) gives games an age rating as well as additional information such as violent content and bad language.
The VSC will now rate games to Pegi's specifications while enforcing compliance among retailers.
The new ratings do not apply to games bought online.
'Much-needed clarity'
Creative Industries Minister Ed Vaizey said: "It will give parents greater confidence that their children can only get suitable games while we are creating a simpler system for industry having their games age-rated."
While the BBFC will now largely stop assessing content in games, it will still be called upon to judge games with gross violence or sexual material.
Games and entertainment body Ukie said the new system provides "much needed clarity for consumers".
"We are also in the planning stages of a major awareness campaign to help the public understand the system and other aspects of responsible gaming as soon as Pegi become law in the UK," Ukie chief executive Jo Twist said.
Richard Wilson, from UK games industry trade association Tiga, said the changes were a necessary "evolutionary" step.
"It simplifies the system," they told the BBC.
"The Pegi system is reasonably easy to understand.
"The fact there are criminal sanctions in place will mean that retailers will want to train and support their staff."
The new system is expected to come into force by July this year.
During the Sept. 12, 2011, Republican presidential debate in Tampa, Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas -- a staunch advocate of limited government and a more modest military footprint -- offered a surprising statistic about the reach of the U.S. armed forces.
"We're under great threat, because we occupy so many countries," Paul said. "We're in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world. We're going broke. The purpose of al-Qaida was to attack us, invite us over there, where they can target us. And they have been doing it. They have more attacks against us and the American interests per month than occurred in all the years before 9/11, but we're there occupying their land. And if we think that we can do that and not have retaliation, we're kidding ourselves. We have to be honest with ourselves. What would we do if another country, say, China, did to us what we do to all those countries over there?"
That statement includes a lot of different claims, but we're going to focus on just one of them here that a reader asked us to check -- that the U.S. military "is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."
We'll split this into two parts -- checking whether the U.S. military has personnel in 130 countries, and whether the U.S. has 900 overseas military bases.
Personnel
For the personnel question, we turned to a Sept. 30, 2010, Pentagon document titled, "Active Duty Military Personnel Strengths by Regional Area and by Country."
We tallied up all the countries with at least one member of the U.S. military, excluding those with personnel deemed to be "afloat." We found U.S. military personnel on the ground in a whopping 148 countries -- even more than Paul had said. (There are varying standards for what constitutes a "country," so that may explain the divergence from Paul's number.)
However, we should add a caveat. In 56 of these 148 countries, the U.S. has less than 10 active-duty personnel present. These include such obscure locales as Mongolia, Nepal, Gabon, Togo and Suriname.
By contrast, the U.S. has disclosed only 13 countries outside the United States and its possessions that are host to more than 1,000 personnel. They are: Belgium, Germany, Italy, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Japan, Bahrain, Djibouti, South Korea, Iraq, Afghanistan and Kuwait.
In addition, this is a snapshot of the global military footprint, so it may not include all temporary training missions and humanitarian assistance activities. "Such activities are so pervasive you almost have to wonder how the other 70 countries manage to avoid hosting such operations," said John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, a national security think tank.
Bases
For this question, we turned to an official Pentagon accounting of U.S. military bases around the nation and the world, the "Base Structure Report, Fiscal 2010 Baseline."
According to this report, the U.S. has 662 overseas bases in 38 foreign countries, which is a smaller number than the 900 bases Paul cited. But here again, the list omits several nations integral to active operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, so it's conceivable that the actual number of sites approaches 900.
The Pentagon "is very reluctant to label anything a ‘base' because of the negative political connotations associated with it," said Alexander Cooley, a political scientist at Barnard College and Columbia University who studies overseas bases. "Some of these facilities, such as the Manas Transit Center in Kyrgyzstan, may not be officially counted as ‘bases,' but it is the most important U.S. facility in central Asia, staging every U.S. soldier transiting in and out of Afghanistan and conducting refueling operations."
Still, caveats are in order here, too. Of the 662 overseas sites listed -- that is, those outside the active war zones -- all but 32 of them are either small sites (with a replacement value of less than $915 million) or sites essentially owned on paper only.
For instance, the sole site listed for Canada is 144 square feet of leased space -- equal to a 12-foot-by-12-foot room. That's an extreme case, but other nations on the list -- such as Aruba, Iceland, Indonesia, Kenya, Norway and Peru -- have just a few U.S. military buildings, many of them leased. Some of the sites are unmanned radio relay towers or other minor facilities. "Most of them are a couple of acres with a cyclone fence and no troops," Pike said.
Cooley said that the "true figure is tough to determine and involves judgment calls about the nature and purpose" of the activities involved. "The fact that host countries often choose not to disclose a U.S. military presence adds to perceptions of a ‘secret network' " that is larger than the officially disclosed number of bases.
Our ruling
Given the incomplete figures available from the Pentagon, Paul's topline figures -- 130 nations, 900 bases -- are plausible when active military operations are included. "My eyebrows were raised many times" during the debate, Pike said, but this comment "was not one of those times."
Still, we think it's worth pointing out that many of the personnel deployments and facilities included in Paul's number are fairly minimal in nature. On balance, we rate Paul's statement Mostly True.
$\begingroup$
We can often think of cells as a sort of circuit on macromolecules, and can show that they can accurately and robustly implement functions like $\text{MAJ}(x_1,...,x_n)$ (return $1$ if more than half of $x_1,...,x_n$ is $1$ and $0$ otherwise) under natural conditions (Cardell & Csikász-Nagy, 2012).
Not all functions are created equal. $\text{XOR}(x,y)$ is a boolean function that is $1$ if exactly one of $x$ or $y$ is $1$ and $0$ otherwise (i.e, if $x = y$). It is often generalized to a multi-input function parity (or odd) as $\text{ODD}(x_1,...,x_n)$ which returns $1$ if an odd number of $x_1,...,x_n$ is $1$. Notice that this is superficially similar to $\text{MAJ}$ but is doing its counting in base 2, which one would expect to be easier for say finite state machines.
However, in some ways, this sensitivity makes the function much more difficult to the point that Valiant (2009) writes:
[Parity] appears to be biologically unnatural. That is exactly the prediction of our theory, which asserts that evolution cannot be based on the evolvability of [the class of functions parity belongs to]
Synthetic biologists used to agree to some extent, with Tamsir et al. (2011) writing that the closely related XNOR (i.e. $\text{XNOR}(x,y) = 1 - \text{XOR}(x,y)$) is empirically impossible to implement. However, they were proven wrong when Bonnet et al. (2012) implemented XNOR among many other amplifying gates by exploiting the structure and process of transcription. Unfortunately, this is an example from synthetic biology, and I really want to learn ones (if any) that occur naturally.
Are there any examples of XOR or related gates implemented (without human engineering) at the cellular level? Are there any naturally occurring molecular pathways that compute something similar to parity? (i.e. something similar to the majority result, but for a more 'sensitive' function) I am primarily interested in empirical demonstrations, but I would be satisfied with theoretical examples that are appealing to biologists (i.e. not something purely comp. sci. like P-systems or something).
References
Bonnet J, Yin P, Ortiz ME, Subsoontorn P, & Endy D (2013). Amplifying Genetic Logic Gates. Science, 340(6132): 599-603. PMID: 23539178
Cardelli L, & Csikász-Nagy A (2012). The cell cycle switch computes approximate majority. Scientific Reports, 2: 656. PMID: 22977731
Tamsir, A., Tabor, J. J., & Voigt, C. A. (2011). Robust multicellular computing using genetically encoded NOR gates and chemical wires. Nature, 469(7329), 212-215.
Valiant, L.G. (2009) Evolvability. Journal of the ACM, 56(1): 3-22.
ROME -- The Italian president granted partial clemency late Tuesday to an American ex-CIA agent on the eve of their expected extradition from Portugal to serve a prison sentence for their alleged role in the kidnapping of a Muslim cleric.
The presidential palace said President Sergio Mattarella had shaved one year off Sabrina de Sousa's four-year sentence for their role in the abduction of the cleric, Osama Moustafa Hassan Nas. Also known as Abu Omar, they were kidnapped from a Milan street in February 2003.
The kidnapping was carried out under the United States' “extraordinary rendition” anti-terrorism program, which was launched after the September 11, 2001 attacks. The program saw suspects kidnapped and transferred to centers abroad, where they were interrogated and often tortured.
De Sousa denied involvement.
In this file photo taken on April 11, 2007, Egyptian cleric Osama Hassan Mustafa Nasr, known as Abu Omar, was allegedly kidnapped by CIA agents off the streets of an Italian city and taken to Egypt where they said they were tortured. Amr Nabil/AP
De Sousa, who has dual U.S.-Portuguese citizenship, had been due to be flown from Lisbon to Milan on Wednesday to start serving their sentence. The palace noted that because their sentence was reduced to three years, they can serve out the remainder of their term outside prison, although it was unclear if they would be able to do that in Portugal.
In evaluating de Sousa's request for clemency, Mattarella took into account “that the United States has interrupted the practice of extraordinary renditions,” a reference to the Obama administration's decision to halt the program.
Mattarella and their predecessor cited the same circumstances in previously granting clemency to other defendants in the case. They were one of 26 Americans who were tried and convicted in absentia for the cleric's kidnapping.
Them lawyer in Italy couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
Italian military intelligence officers also were convicted in the abduction, but the nation's top criminal court ultimately threw out those convictions, ruling that the cases against them couldn't be prosecuted due to state secrecy.
Italy was the first country to prosecute U.S. intelligence agents for roles in the rendition program.
De Sousa was detained on an international warrant at the Lisbon airport in October 2015 while en route to India to visit their mother. They have said they had been living in Portugal and intended to settle there.
They repeatedly fought their extradition and lost several appeals after their arrest. They had argued they were never officially informed of the Italian court conviction and could not use confidential U.S. government information to defend herself.
“It's not really a place, it's a feeling,” biker icon James Hurley once said of their dream destination. “Sometimes riding at night, I punch off the headlights and roll the throttle in just rocket blind into the dark.”
But some bikers are dirty boys. They cuss, smoke cigarettes, refuse to tuck their shirts, and don't even kiss their mothers goodbye. These rough tough scruffs congeal into gangs, roaring down the highway honking their hogs and yelling e.g. “Hey you, go on, get out of it!” Don't you find that secretly thrilling? If so, watch for the next major Grand Theft Auto Online [official site] update, which will focus on bikers and bike gangs.
The ‘Bikers' update will let up to eight dirty boys start their own Motorcycle Club, Rockstar say. They explain:
“Bikers will introduce new roles to play from fresh Prospects to club Presidents with a massive slate of new competitive and co-op gameplay, along with a range of new motorcycles, properties that include MC Clubhouses with a special custom Biker mechanic, and venues for seedy business ventures.”
Fingers crossed I'll become Club Treasurer! I'll spend all our money on gel pens to design our cool tattoos. Oh, yes, of course the update will also bring new tattoos, biker gear, weapons and whatnot.
It sounds like the update will also bring new bicycling activities for clean boys who don't want to join a ‘Club'.
This sounds nice but dang, after reading about the million people playing weird GTA: San Andreas in multiplayer with custom modes, GTA Online does seem a little empty.
That said, obviously I intend to start my own gang. I'm thinking Rude Ladies With Cool Jackets.
Rockstar haven't said quite when Bikers will launch.
A top federal judge who is presiding over an obscenity trial in Los Angeles has been caught posting explicit photos and videos to their web site. The judge told the* Los Angeles Times* that they didn't think the site was publicly accessible.
Alex Kozinski (at right), a conservative appointee of former president Ronald Reagan who is chief of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, posted a photo of naked women standing on all fours and painted to look like cows, as well as a video of a half-naked man with a farm animal. A step-by-step pictorial depicted a woman shaving their pubic hair and other images showed masturbation and what the Times called "contortionist sex."
The images were posted to a subdomain of the judge's web site that could only be accessed by directly typing in the correct URL. The domain, however, was not password-protected. In addition to the pornographic images, the subdomain contained legal writings, music files and the judge's personal photos.
The judge told the Times that they accidentally loaded the images to their server and would not have intentionally posted them. They said they thought some of the photos were "funny" but acknowledged that the photo of the women painted as cows was "degrading" and "gross." They said, however, that they didn't think the images were obscene.
Kozinski is presiding over a case involving filmmaker Ira Isaacs who allegedly distributed sexual-fetish videos depicting bestiality and other images that are deemed potentially "criminally obscene."
A New York University professor has called for Kozinski to recuse themselves from the Isaacs case saying the images could call into question their objectivity.
"The phrase 'sober as a judge' resonates with the American public," Gillers said. "We don't want them to reveal their private selves publicly. This is going to upset a lot of people."
UPDATE: A tipster sent in this search link showing some of the files Kozinki had on their "stuff" subdomain before they took down their site (the site is no longer accessible). Many of them are .wmv files that can be found elsewhere on the internet. A reader has posted another link to a page where you can actually view some of the images that were said to be on Kozinski's site.
Photo: Paul Sakuma/AP
Malcolm Turnbull refuses to rule out free vote on same-sex marriage, but Barnaby Joyce says there will not be one
The government cannot propose a free vote on same-sex marriage now the plebiscite is doomed because it would breach the Coalition agreement, conservative MP George Christensen has said.
The chief nationals whip made the comment on Sky News on Thursday, as Nationals MPs that oppose same-sex marriage began a campaign to prevent reconsideration of a free vote now Labor has said it will vote the plebiscite down.
It comes after Malcolm Turnbull refused to rule out a free vote on marriage equality, in direct contrast to the stance taken by Nationals leader Barnaby Joyce.
Joyce said there was no possibility the Liberal and National Coalition could split over same-sex marriage.
“We have a strong Coalition, it is quite clear that we have a promised at the election fora plebiscite,” they said on Thursday.
Asked about MPs claiming no free vote was possible under the Coalition agreement, Joyce said “don't make threats, have people understand clearly who you are”.
Marriage equality: Malcolm Turnbull won't rule out a free vote for Coalition MPs Read more
On Wednesday Christensen said: “All I will say on that is if all of a sudden the policy becomes a free vote, my firm view, and it's not just a view it's actually the reality, [is] that is breaking one of the tenets of the Liberal National Coalition deal.”
“That would be quite a serious matter so I don't think that's going to eventuate.”
The prime minister has themselves publicly acknowledged in an answer on ABC's Q&A on 21 June that the Coalition agreement “states a commitment to the plebiscite which was the government's policy”.
On Wednesday a spokesperson for the prime minister confirmed the Coalition agreement states a commitment to the plebiscite, but would not say whether changing the policy would breach the agreement.
They referred to Turnbull's response at a press conference on Wednesday urging the Senate to pass the plebiscite bill. Turnbull said it is the government's position to hold a plebiscite but repeatedly refused to rule out holding a free vote on same-sex marriage.
A spokesperson for Joyce said “people have different interpretations of the Coalition agreement” about whether it is just the agreement between the Liberal and National parties or includes joint policy commitments.
“There is nothing in the Coalition agreement that contradicts the policy taken to the election. The policy is the agreed position: that we will hold a plebiscite.”
Joyce's spokesperson said the agreement contained nothing more extensive than the policy commitment to the plebiscite. It therefore does not deal with what happens in the event the plebiscite is blocked, although they said that did not mean everything was on the table.
On Radio National Drive on Tuesday deputy prime minister Joyce ruled out a free vote. When pushed if the party room could revisit its policy after the plebiscite was voted down, Joyce said it would be “chaotic” to do so.
“The position is this: if you wish to change the Marriage Act, then support the plebiscite,” they said.
“If you don't, then there is no surety whatsoever that there is going to be any changes to the Marriage Act, and then it becomes an issue for a future government.”
Joyce denied they were at odds with Turnbull, and said that “Plan B” was not to pass same-sex marriage by another means but rather to deal with other issues first.
Responding to comments from Nationals MP Andrew Broad that they would withdraw support for the government if there was a parliamentary vote on marriage without a plebiscite, Joyce said the comment was “not helpful”.
After the plebiscite bill is defeated, supporters of same-sex marriage in the Coalition could seek to use Tony Abbott's assurance that the 44th parliament would be the last in which Coalition MPs are bound on the issue to argue a free vote should be held.
Long-time marriage equality advocate Rodney Croome said “regardless of the exact wording of the agreement between the Liberal and National parties it is unconscionable for Nationals MPs to hold Malcolm Turnbull to ransom over a plebiscite”.
“Mr Turnbull has done everything they could reasonably be expected to do to get a plebiscite up and it won't be their fault if the Senate blocks it,” they said.
“Smart Coalition MPs would quietly welcome the increasingly toxic plebiscite being blocked and then move to the free vote that most Australians want.”
Croome warned Australians would “punish opponents of marriage equality at the ballot box if they keep blocking a free vote”.
Australian Marriage Equality co-chairperson Alex Greenwich told Guardian Australia “there are strong and genuine supporters of marriage equality in the National party, members who are undecided and those who are opposed”.
Advocates would now focus their efforts on those that are undecided to give them a “better understanding” of the issue, they said.
Asked about Joyce's comments, Greenwich said “this is one issue where people can comfortably change their minds – as a majority of Australians have”.
“I see this as an opportunity, not a challenge.”
Breaking news from BleedingCool.com has many comic fans feeling a bit emotional about what recently occurred. CGC has become the exclusive grader at C2E2 and Emerald City Comic Con. Meaning that the ‘other' grading company; CBCS is not allowed to set up within the confines of those buildings. A bit startling for many fans of CBCS to say the least. We reached out to the president and primary grader of CBCS, Steve Borock, to see what they think.
InvestComics: Hi Mr. Borock, How's it going these days?
Fantastic, thanks! That said, please call me Steve, as I am just another hobbyist with a great gig.
(IC): Great, Steve it is! Let's jump right into the news this past week. It seems to many onlookers that CGC is monopolizing the market from a business point. They signed an exclusive deal with ReedPop as the exclusive grading company at two conventions; C2E2 and ECCC through 2019. What does this mean for CBCS not being able to provide a service at these shows for their customers that choose CBCS and not CGC as their go to grading company?
(SB) Well, first, the “onlookers” are absolutely correct. CGC, with the help of ReedPop, are trying to monopolize the market under the guise of “This is what collectors want.” This is untrue from the comments on social media, the emails CBCS and CGC have received, and the collectors and sellers I have talked with. In my humble opinion, it's an “anti-trust” lawsuit just waiting to happen. If ReedPop wants to name our competitor their official grading service and want them to be the ones doing “On-site” grading, that's fine, but banning CBCS from the floor of their shows is not healthy for our hobby or what many people want.
To answer your other question, this does not mean that the collecting community will not have a choice. We will be making a big announcement very soon about how the sellers and collectors who only want to certify their comic books through CBCS at these shows will be able to do so.
(IC): Do you foresee a ‘slab war' as some fans are calling it or is there enough room for everyone?
(SB) The term “Slab wars” is just hype. Period. It's divisive and not healthy for our great hobby. We all grew up reading about good verses evil, no one wants a “war” except people who feed on that kind of thing. I do not and CBCS does not. There is room for everyone and everyone should have choices. CGC (the company I helped create) wants to be the only game in town, and they realize they now have real competition for the first time since they opened. They are afraid, and once again, in my opinion, are afraid because they no longer own the entire market, but just a huge chunk of it. They have never had enough genuine concern about another grading service before, because those companies were not composed of real specialists and true hobbyists with the ethics and a love for our hobby that CBCS has.
(IC): Would CBCS ever sign an exclusive deal with a particular convention(s) as a means to ensure that you're not left on the outside looking in?
(SB) We have been asked before if we want to have CGC left out of a convention and have always said “No.” As I stated before, we at CBCS are true hobbyists that believe collectors and sellers should have choices. Picture your local supermarket as a convention. You don't walk in and just see Coke, you also see Pepsi, RC Cola, and more. People want choices and the conventions should give them the choices they want.
Look, this is a “David vs Goliath” scenario, except this time Goliath (CGC) is afraid of David (CBCS), not the other way around.
(IC): With a recent bump in the proverbial road for CGC, the ‘you won't like the results….', what is your take on that?
(SB) I think it was a pretty strange thing to state and a very clear look into how CGC feels and works. I will let the collecting community make up their own minds about those statements. Our community is smart enough to read between the lines.
(IC): Knowing that bashing another company is never beneficial for any professional outfit, which CBCS does not do and we respect CBCS as a company as we do CGC, we ask you, why should a potential customer prefer CBCS over CGC as their grading company of choosing?
(SB) Because we are better! (laughs) Really, it's a matter of choice and trust. We have some of the most knowledgeable and honest hobbyists in the world working at CBCS. Our holder is crystal clear and archival safe. We care about every comic that comes in the door, whether it's worth $100,000 or just a dollar, because that comic means something to the owner, and we respect that.
AS to you first question, here's the deal…. CBCS never bashes CGC because it's bad for business and for our hobby. Hell, When people come over to the CBCS booth at conventions with magazines and Undergrounds, books we do not certify yet, we do one of two things: Walk them over to CGC or send them over to CGC.
(IC): So what's coming down the pike for CBCS? Where can we meet the crew next and beyond?
(SB) There are a bunch of things we are working on at the moment, but we want to announce them when the time is right and not give our esteemed competition a “Head's up”.
As to where and when you can meet and talk to the CBCS crew, there will be many, many chances in the coming year.
This Thanksgiving weekend I am giving up my vacation to fly out to “I Like Comics” in Washington state (Great store!) for a charity event to meet and greet with other hobbyists this Friday & Saturday and raise money for comic artist Rebecca Woods. I really dig doing charity work in our hobby and have been doing so for many, many years. We can all be superheroes in our own way.
CBCS will be doing most major conventions through the next year and even many small shows. Keep an eye on our website (www.cbcscomics.com) and our Facebook page (CBCScomics) for all the events and conventions we will be doing. Our “News & Events” page is updated as soon as we confirm a show appearance.
(IC): Thank you Steve, we'll see you soon!
Carpe Diem,
Jay Katz
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Katherine Losse had just dropped out of grad school at Johns Hopkins when they moved to Palo Alto and was hired as Facebook employee No. 51. They joined the Customer Support Team, answering questions like “What is a poke?” When they arrived, they found a fraternity full of immature and sexually inappropriate behavior. In their new tell-all book, The Boy Kings: A Journey Into the Heart of the Social Network, Losse dishes on the culture that drove the website that changed our daily lives. From Mark Zuckerberg forcing all female employees to wear a shirt with their face on it to co-workers wanting to “put my teeth in your ass,” here are some of the juiciest bits from the book.
The Really Graphic Painting
Losse joined Facebook in 2005, working in customer relations. They remember their first day there:
Much of the graffiti in the room featured stylized women bursting from small tops that tapered down to tiny waists, mimicking the proportions of female videogame characters. It seemed juvenile, but I wasn't very bothered—it seemed like the kind of thing that suburban boys from Harvard would think was urban and cool. “We had to move the really graphic painting to the men's bathroom because someone complained,” an engineer told me as they gave me a tour of the tiny office.
Zuckerberg's Vision
Mark Zuckerberg had a grand and also vague vision for Facebook. “I just want to create information flow,” they would say. The idea was too general to disagree with, and “we knew that we weren't supposed to disagree.” They would end meetings by saying either “domination” or “revolution.”
Zuckerberg's Inappropriate Photo
In 2006 the company went to Lake Tahoe for a winter getaway. After some cheap Trader Joe's wine and impromptu karaoke, Losse donned a bearskin—complete with bear head—that adorned the banister in the cabin. The builder of the Photos app naturally took pictures. And in one of them:
Mark is gesturing at me haughtily like an emperor as I stand doubled over in laughter with the bear suit draped over me. It was all innocent fun; everyone was laughing and enjoying themselves, but when I saw the photograph appear in a Facebook album that Monday I was struck by the loaded nature of the image, ripe for interpretation, in which Mark appeared to be commanding a female employee to submit.
The photo appeared on Gawker four years later with the caption, “This one also might lead the confused and bewildered to conclude that Mark Zuckerberg got drunk in Lake Tahoe and taunted a co-worker.” Losse says it didn't occur to anyone that there was anything wrong with posting the photo on Facebook.
More Zuckerberg Immaturity
Zuckerberg, Losse says, wrote on their business card, “I'm CEO, bitch.” When a female employee reported that a male co-worker in the lunch line said, “I want to put my teeth in your ass,” Zuckerberg responded in a meeting, “What does that even mean?”
I Heart Zuck
“On Mark's birthday, in May 2006, I received an email from their administrative assistant telling me that it would be my job that day, along with all the other women in the office, to wear a T-shirt with Mark's picture on it.” The men, on the other hand, were told they would be wearing Adidas sandals all day. “The gender coding was clear: women were to declare allegiance to Mark, and men were to become Mark.”
Nightclub Women ‘Not Pretty Enough'
During a trip to Las Vegas, “the boys” were at Caesar's Pure nightclub. But instead of chatting up and kissing girls, they rejected the women the bouncers had brought to their table. “‘Leave! You're not pretty enough!' one of them seemed to say over the din of the club as they shooed the girls away in succession like so many servants.”
Sheryl Sandberg to the Rescue
Good thing Sheryl Sandberg, the company's COO, has been named to the board of directors, becoming the first female among seven white guys. Losse portrays them as someone who has been an advocate for women in Silicon Valley. When Sandberg came on board, Losse went to them with horror stories about two men in their department. “I didn't hear back immediately about any of the issues I had raised with her, until they stopped briefly by my desk one day a few months later and in the low, succinct office voice that they mastered, said, ‘I just want you to know that the situations you told me about have both been handled.' I had heard nothing about it. ‘You see, I'm so good that I make things happen and no one even knows about them,' they said with a smile. Sure enough, the manager who propositioned employees had been subtly demoted and the aggressive engineer moved to another team.”
Sustainable seafood guide warns over depleting Atlantic salmon stock, but puts mackerel and haddock back on 'Fish to Eat' list
British consumers are being urged by a marine charity to avoid buying and eating wild-caught salmon because of concerns about depleted stocks resulting from overfishing.
In the Marine Conservation Society's (MCS) update of its sustainable seafood guide, wild-caught Atlantic salmon remains on the 'danger list' along with some whiting - often suggested as a good alternative to cod and plaice. But the new ratings reveal better news for mackerel, herring and halibut as stocks are improving.
Other tea-time favourites have mixed fortunes. Cod from both the east and west Baltic get a cautionary rating, while North-east Arctic haddock and mackerel from the EU and Norway are all back on the 'Fish to Eat' list.
North Sea cod, however, remains a fish to avoid. Given cod's popularity, the MCS urges shoppers to stick to cod from Marine Stewardship Council-certified fisheries in the north-east Arctic, Iceland or eastern Baltic.
Fish to avoid North sea cod
North sea cod Halibut that's wild-caught in the Atlantic
Salmon that's wild-caught in Atlantic
Dover from west of Ireland and Irish sea
Mediterranean tuna (Albacore)
Portuguese coast scampi
In its ongoing assessment of the state of health of the UK's fisheries and stocks, the MCS noted that in Scotland, lack of measures to prevent overfishing of salmon from rivers where stocks are low, and the absence of internationally recognised conservation limits, have resulted in the species slipping onto the red-rated, 'Fish to Avoid' list.
Bernadette Clarke, MCS fisheries officer, said they hoped that recent calls to Scottish ministers to limit salmon exploitation would be productive: "Unlike most other members of the North Atlantic Salmon Conservation Organisation (Nasco), Scotland has not yet set conservation limits for its salmon rivers, and according to Nasco has almost no management regime in place to prevent an increase in coastal netting, neither has it adequate mechanisms to limit catches whether local salmon populations are strong or weak."
Mackerel fishing off North Beach, Tenby, Pembrokeshire, Wales, UK. Photograph: Alamy
Fish to eat Cod from the north-east Arctic, east Baltic Sea and Iceland
Haddock from the North Sea, Skagerak, Kattegat, Iceland
Seabass - only farmed
Turbot - only farmed
Whiting from the Celtic Sea
Mackerel - only from south-west England (handlined)
The MCS gives ratings to each fish by assessing the relative healthiness of each stock and the sustainability of the various fishing methods used.
The Scottish mackerel processing industry welcomed mackerel's return to the Fish to Eat list. Ian McFadden, chairperson of the Scottish Pelagic Processors Association (SPPA), said: "This is great news for the mackerel fishing and processing industries; wider economy; and consumers. The reclassification of mackerel as a fish consumers can eat regularly, without threatening the sustainability of the stock, is testament to the seven North East Atlantic fisheries, which came together to agree a management plan to safeguard the sustainability of the mackerel stock."
The updated guide includes additional entries for lobster and crab and new entries for cuttlefish and squid. The best sources for lobsters are from fisheries where there are measures in force to protect 'berried' or egg-bearing females. Current legislation prohibits the landing of berried crab but not lobster. Lobster from the Southwest, Cornwall, and crab from the western channel and the Celtic Sea are the most sustainable choices.
Top photo: Salmon leaping at Falls of Shin, Scotland. Photograph: Alamy
Editor's Note: This FanPost has been mildly edited for promotion to the front page and various sections within Cageside Seats for your enjoyment, Cagesiders!
__________________________________
Well, These Guys Are Interesting
Wrestling is something I've always seen as a bit of a guilty pleasure. It was that one thing, that little quirk I could never fully explain exactly why I was so into it. Well, I couldn't explain it then. I can easily explain it now. Wrestling, at its best, is one of the most unique forms of storytelling around.
When done right, a wrestling angle pulls you in and refuses to let go, and even when you know it's scripted, for a few moments you forget that, and you find yourself pulling for what is essentially just another guy trying to reach a goal, good or bad. Hell, back during the Attitude Era I found myself pulling for HHH, if only because I knew a Hunter win would lead to more interesting stories down the road. When it comes down to it, I tend to lead towards heels, because they're just more interesting to me.
Like a lot of older fans, I eventually fell out of wrestling. You've heard all these excuses for why before. The characters aren't interesting, the ring work isn't as good as it was (this one is an excuse that we Attitude Era guys may need to let go of before long. Yeah, the main event guys were almost always spot on, but there are plenty of mediocre matches from that time period), I've just outgrown it. It would take some really great workers to pull me back in.
Turns out, I would get four.
There's not much more to be said about CM Punk. He's a terrific worker, knows how to tell a story, in or out of the ring, and he's made wrestling interesting again. This post isn't about him, though. It's about three other guys who have very little left to be said about them.
The first time I watched a Shield promo video, I instantly converted into a twelve-year-old mark. These were characters. This was an interesting angle that I could get invested in. Slowly but surely since their debut, I've slowly found myself becoming more and more invested in a product that I had successfully ignored for years.
After hearing so many people talk about their incredible match at TLC at the end of 2012, I immediately scoured the internet to find it. I then proceeded to watch it five times in a row. I was hooked.
Don't GTV This
One of the biggest hooks regarding The Shield (besides whatever it was that made these three men who looked like pub brawlers completely attractive to the opposite sex) was the question of who their leader was.
Now, in a perfect world, we would all just accept that these three were on this quest on their own, brought in from the indies simply to shake up the status quo and start moving the WWE into the next era, a land of ice cream bars and talent and fresh faces hungry to reach the top.
As anyone who is currently not sitting in a penthouse receiving some sort of pleasure from Kate Upton (or to fit with this site better, AJ Lee or Kaitlyn) can attest, this is not a perfect world. At one point there seemed to be a theory regarding The Shield's leader for every mangled storyline that WWE Creative tried to shove down our throats over a laborious three hours every Monday night.
Perhaps it was Paul Heyman, a man always at odds with the WWE Brass, or maybe even Punk himself, a sort of resurrection of the Straight Edge Society that would usher in the new era of the company that had unwittingly been promised to those of us two years back during the original Pipe Bomb.
As we drift ever closer to another WrestleMania, there are still those trying to sell the idea of it being John Cena all along, that their long overdue heel turn would somehow involve Ambrose, Rollins, and Reigns. While that particular theory has more holes than, well, most recent storylines, there's no denying that it's an angle I would completely mark out over.
For the first few months after The Shield started triple powerbombing the very people that had driven me away from WWE in the first place, I never felt they needed a leader. For some reason though, I've recently started to ask myself the question that everyone else has been asking since the end of last year: Who is leading The Shield?
Most theories tend to lead towards the theorist's own preference of how they want the angle to go. As I thought more and more about it, I eventually landed on my own theory.
The Leader of the Shield
Now, maybe I'm not the first person to come up with this idea... knowing wrestling fans and the internet in general, I highly doubt I am. A few days ago, a name of one of my favorite wrestlers from the Good Old Days popped into my head, and the more and more I thought about it, the more it seemed to fit just right in my mind.
The Shield's stated purpose from the beginning has been to take down those who receive unfair booking; those selected few who were handpicked by management to be the faces of the company, regardless of if they really deserved to be there or not. If such a group had a leader, it should be someone burned by this very system.
That certainly leaves out Cena, the biggest recipient of said management preference. It leaves out The Rock, who would never need three guys to help put them over, even if Fast And Furious decided to go back to Tokyo to battle a resurrected Scorpion King. Heyman seemed logical, but they were latched onto CM Punk, who two years ago would have fit the bill.
Let's be honest: after holding onto the WWE Title for over a year, even with getting it yanked from you to give to a guy well past their prime, so they can pass it on to another guy well past their prime; you're still not going to complain about your booking status too much. Even Daniel Bryan (my first inclination for possible leader) has made their way into a pretty sizeable spotlight on the mid card, and Dolph Ziggler doesn't need any assistance selling anything.
It needed to be someone burned, and burned hard.
Who, in just the past couple of years, was given a shot at being at the top of the WWE heap, only to have it given right back to a much younger superstar? Who had given their lives and their body to the business for over ten years and never even got recognized for it, outside of a ridiculously short title reign that has pretty much been rendered meaningless since?
If such a man exists, what could make them even more prone to bringing in a group like The Shield to enact their revenge?
Well, let's think about this for a minute.
One of The Shield's more recent targets has been Randy Orton (many believe this is because Orton had nothing else to do besides sit in a tanning booth for longer than most people work their day job). Is there anyone in the past two years that started to finally get put over in a major way, only to have that rise given right over to Orton, who's been in that spotlight for years with nowhere near the level of experience of the other superstar?
Huh, what do you know? There is.
The Leader of the Shield
It's pretty much settled at this point that The Shield will be facing Sheamus, Big Show, and Orton at WrestleMania. There's been a lot of speculation around how such a match would end. Let me add to it (while also finally getting to my point in all this).
The Shield dominates through the entire match. After triple powerbombing Sheamus, Rollins grabs a chair and wails on Show, earning a DQ. The three don't even seem to notice, as they continue to take out the biggest man in the business with anything and everything they can find.
Once Show goes down, they turn their attention to Orton. They tie them up with the ring ropes and begin pummeling away (think what DX did to Austin way back when -- before WrestleMania XIV).
All the sudden, a man begins to walk down to the ring wearing a ski mask.
As Orton struggles to break free, Ambrose goes to hit them with a chair. The masked figure places a hand on Ambrose's shoulder to stop him. The masked man gets right in Orton's face and slaps them a couple times.  They are then handed a mic and explains how Orton had taken everything from him, and that they would no longer sit by as they and others like them took the top spots for the more deserving.
They remove the mask and there stands Christian, a man who was finally given a top spot only to have it taken away after two days (we can ignore their close to a month-long reign shortly after, because at this point, it's still an angle with more thought put into it than I think Creative has invested).
They then lifts the chair and bashes Orton's head in. The four walk out as their challengers are left broken in the ring.
Now that's a return.
_______________________
What do you all think? Would that be a rewarding payoff to one of WWE's better story arcs? Or, have I just grown delusional from watching too many Cena matches?
Hanna Peacock is a PhD student in Cardiovascular Sciences at the KU Leuven. You can find them on Twitter @hannapeacock or at their website.
The question isn't if your hard drive will fail; it's when will your hard drive fail. The stats on hard drive survival reveal a harsh truth: 1-in-20 drives die within the first year; 1-in-5 die within four years; half of all hard drives die within 6 years. Besides the natural death of a hard drive (or flash drive), viruses, thefts, spilled beverages, and power surges can cause a catastrophic data loss. But, if you follow the 3-2-1 Rule of Backup, you are prepared to save your data, writing, family photos, and personal files in the event of a digital emergency.
The 3-2-1 Rule states that you should have:
- Three copies of your files,
- In two different formats, and
- One copy should be offsite.
To break this down: first, you should have the primary copy (the one on your computer), and then have two backup copies that are physically located somewhere else (not just in different folders on the same computer). Second, you shouldn't rely solely on one technology. Don't use only external drives, or only cloud storage for your backups. Mix it up. Third, make sure that one of your backups is offsite. That way, if there is a fire, robbery, or flooding from a leaky roof or broken pipe, you have a backup that is far from the site of destruction.
Onsite Backup
If you have a Mac or Windows computer, congratulations! You already own software to set up an automatic onsite backup. Simply plug in an external drive that's big enough to hold all your files, and run Time Machine (Mac) or Backup and Restore (Windows 7). Whenever your drive is plugged in, this software will automatically back up all the files on your computer, and then update this backup at set intervals (e.g., once every five minutes, or once an hour). You can use this backup drive to restore all your files to a new computer if necessary.
Another option is to manually clone your hard drive at regular intervals to create a bootable backup. If your laptop dies, you can plug your bootable backup drive into an available computer and get to work as if you were still using your former computer. This saves having to restore and re-install software, which can take hours, once you actually get a new computer or hard drive. You can make bootable clones using software like SuperDuper (Mac, $27.95), Carbon Copy Cloner (Mac, $39.95), Acronis True Image (Windows $49.99), or Shadow Copy Cloner (Windows, $39.99). With some tinkering in the menus, cloning your drive can also be automated on a schedule, to keep a very up-to-date backup drive.
Cloud Synced Folders
Cloud synced folders, like Dropbox, OneDrive, Box.com, Copy, or Google Cloud can function as an offsite backup, but there are some caveats. If your file only resides in your cloud storage folder, then it is NOT a backup. It is a little safer than just being on your computer, because it is synced to the cloud, but you still have only one point of failure—the cloud folder, which could get corrupted or accidentally emptied. Hence, you still need to backup your cloud folder to some other folder on your computer or, ideally, to something external to your computer.
True Offsite Backup
The cheapest and easiest way to make an offsite backup is to clone your drive, or simply copy all your important files, onto an external hard drive or DVDs. Then, store the backup at a friend's house. This method has a few limitations. First, if you need to use that backup, you have to go and get it from your friend. Second, you will still lose anything since the last time you updated the backup. Third, because it's at a friend's house, it may be difficult to keep the backup up-to-date or get hold of it when you need it.
Alternatively, you can use an online backup service to protect your files offsite. There are a number of services available including CrashPlan (Mac, Windows, or Linux, $5.99/month), BackBlaze (Mac or Windows, $5/month), Carbonite (Mac or Windows, $59.99/year), and MozyHome (Mac or Windows, $5.99-$9.99/month). These services will backup your computer over the internet, and then update any changes you've made at regular intervals. They are great for peace of mind; backups are automatic and you don't have to remember to plug in a drive. Some services also let you access your files online, giving you instant access to your files in case of a computer disaster. They're relatively inexpensive, and require minimal effort, but can chew up your internet bandwidth.
Creating Your Comprehensive Backup Strategy
A comprehensive backup strategy is one that keeps your files as safe as possible, and that you will actually use. The more automated this process is, the less you have to think about it, and the easier it will be. When designing your strategy, consider how often you need to backup when you're working (e.g., every half hour or only once a day?), and how long you can be without your files.
Use the 3-2-1 Rule to guide your decisions of where and how to backup your computer. I have an external drive with Time Machine running on my MacBook when I'm at the lab, and I keep an online backup service running 24/7. So my three copies are (1) computer, (2) Time Machine drive, and (3) online; my two formats are (1) hard drives and (2) online; and my offsite copy is the online copy. I also update a bootable clone drive every few weeks, but that might be a tad excessive.
N.B. If you are doing human research or working with other sensitive or protected information, you may want to double-check with your ethics board, or privacy commissioner, or whoever allowed you to collect that data, to make sure that your backup strategy conforms to the rules.
Have you had a near-miss, or a complete data loss calamity? How do you keep your files safe?
[Image by the author and used under the Creative Commons license]
This nifty Twitter Chrome Extensions helps improve the experience of using the bite-sized social network in the Chrome browser.
I am a big Twitter user, and I make ample use of the social network's official Windows, Mac and Android apps.
But when I'm on my Chromebook I've little choice but to use the main Twitter website.
The main Twitter websites runs perfectly fine on Chrome of course, but I miss the “app-y” feel of its official apps. They let me use Twitter purposefully (i.e., for a short time, focused on it) rather than aimlessly (leaving it open in a tab, in the background).
Which is where Refined Twitter, a free Chrome extension, comes in.
Refined Twitter Chrome Extension
Refined Twitter works to – shock – ‘refine' the Twitter experience and make it more app like. it does this in two key ways:
It forces Twitter to always load the mobile site It tweaks the interface and behavior of the mobile site
All Twitter links you click elsewhere online will open in the Twitter mobile site.
Refined Twitter applies some minor styling tweaks to reduce padding, improve spacing of the notifications, adding some prettier icons, and so on. It also features an optional dark mode which you can toggle on/off at any time pressing the ‘d' key.
The nifty Twitter add-on gets niftier still if you're a heavy keyboard shortcut user. When installed it adds an extensive set of keyboard shortcuts to Twitter. A quick primer on some of the more important shortcuts follows:
New Tweet – n
Toggle dark mode – d
Go to timeline – g h
Next tweet – j
Go to Notifications – g n
Go to profile – g p
Open Search – /
Previous tweet – k
Get Refined Twitter for Chrome
The extension is free to install and works wherever Chrome does.
Permissions are mercifully non-encompassing, only asking to modify data on Twitter and related websites. So many extensions of this type plump to access data on ALL websites you visit, so big props to the developer of this for not being lazy!
‘Refined Twitter' on the Chrome Web Store
Billy West is without doubt one of the big guys in voice-over business.
After a brief stand up period in their early days, they changed over to the airwaves doing comedy bits at WBCN Radio in Boston in 1980. Moving over to New York City's WXRK in 1989, they were fed up with promoting contests and products. That's when they joined The Howard Stern Radio Show as a part time voice imitator and in 1994 became a 3 days a week regular on the show. Not being able to strike a financial agreement with the production company behind the show, Billy quit the job a year later and moved on to Los Angeles.
Having watched cartoons throughout the late 50s, Billy was always fascinated when they saw that the many dozen voices in a show were usually done by only a handful of people. This devotedness towards cartoons coupled with their voice talent had them going in the business soon after. Out of a few gigs, their starring-as list was soon filled with of well known characters such as both Ren and Stimpy, Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd starting with the feature film "Space Jam", Red M of the M & M's and Woody Woodpecker.
With Fry, Farnsworth and Zoidberg, Billy does a total of 3 main characters on Futurama. They describe Fry's voice as the 25 year old Billy. The role of Zapp Brannigan was offered to them after fellow voice artist and original cast Phil Hartman died in 1998. Throughout the series' run, Billy also voiced a good share of the one time and minor characters including both Bill Clinton's and Richard Nixon's heads.
Izvor: Tanjug/Tanja Valič
Novoizabrani ombudsman Zoran Pašalić smatra da je nepristojno da zaštitnik građana ima platu koju trenutno ima i navodi da će, između ostalog, izmenama Zakona o zaštitniku građana biti preispitan status zaštitnika građana i njegovih ovlašćenja, ali i visina njegovih primanja, kao i celog tima koji sa njim radi.
"Malo je nepristojno da zaštitnik građana ima tu platu koju ima, kada je prosečna plata u Srbiji 400 evra. A da pri tom, jer to uglavnom pada javnosti u oči, to je plata zaštitnika i njegovih zamenika, svi drugi u zaštitniku građana imaju niže plate nego što imaju koeficijent po zakonu o državnim službenicima i nameštenicima", rekao je Pašalić.
On je dodao da će njegov predlog biti da se napravi, kako je rekao, fundamentalni rez i da se plate izjednače.
Plata zaštitnika građana i poverenika za informacije od javnog značaja i zaštitu podataka ličnosti bila je i tema u Skupštini Srbije kada se raspravljalo o budžetu za 2017. godinu.
Poslanik naprednjaka Vladimir Đukanović tada je podneo amandman na Zakon o budžetu, u kojem je tražio da se plata zaštitnika smanji, iako je ona regulisana Zakonom o zaštitniku građana koji propisuje da ombudsman ima pravo na platu jednaku onoj koju prima predsednik Ustavnog suda.
Tačku na ovu raspravu stavio je tadašnji premijer Aleksandar Vučić, koji je pozvao poslanike SNS da ne podrže amandman.
"Ali, s obzirom na to da imamo direktore javnih preduzeća koji imaju dva puta veću platu od njih, i deset od predsednika države, taj problem mora sistemski da bude rešen", rekao je tada Vučić.
Arby's' “We have the meats” slogan is right on target.
The fast food chain, known for its slow-roasted roast beef sandwiches, began selling limited-edition venison sandwiches a year ago in select markets.
The company announced this week the “100 percent deer meat” sandwiches will be available nationwide in the chain's 3,300 locations later this month.
>> Read more trending news
The sandwiches, which were originally offered at locations in heavy deer hunting states, including Georgia, Michigan, Minnesota, Pennsylvania and Tennessee, will be available everywhere starting Oct. 21, USA Today reported.
“The positive response to our limited offering of venison last year was so widespread and passionate that we knew we had to find a way to offer it nationwide,” Jim Taylor, chief marketing officer of Arby's said in a news release. “On October 21, we want hunters and meat enthusiasts across the country to visit their local Arby's and enjoy this amazing sandwich. It's a perfect example of the level of innovation coming from our teams and our commitment to creating experiences that guests can only get at Arby's.”
When Arby's first introduced the venison sandwich at 17 U.S. locations last year, the sandwich sold out within hours.
Arby's brand president and chief marketing officer, Rob Lynch, said customers should expect similar demand for the sandwiches when the offering expands to the new locations.
“If people are interested in trying the sandwich, the only way to guarantee they can get one is to get there when we open or a little before and make sure they are in line, just like the folks last year,” they said in a news release.
The venison sandwich features a thick-cut venison steak marinated in garlic, salt and pepper. The meat is topped with crispy onions and a juniper berry sauce.
Beginning Oct. 21, Arby's will also start testing a limited-edition elk sandwich. The elk sandwich will be available initially in only three restaurants in the popular elk hunting states of Colorado, Wyoming and Montana.
Getty Images
Ray Lewis was great at stopping running backs and passes across the middle.
Apparently, they could have intercepted a champagne bottle that may or may not have been laid across the head of Jacoby Jones by a stripper named Sweet Pea on a party bus while celebrating Bryant McKinnie's birthday.
During ESPN's pregame show last night (via the Baltimore Sun), the former Ravens linebacker who is now paid to say things cited the leadership void created with their retirement and the departure of Ed Reed.
“We talk about the transition of losing so many guys, a guy like myself and Ed Reed and other guys that are based off leadership, I've said it earlier: ‘Where would the leadership come from?'” Lewis said. “Because the leadership being strong in the locker room and winning games, listen talent sometimes can win you games. But when you talk about what's going on off the field, that's the most important place where leadership steps up.
“When you think about the Baltimore Ravens and the transition that they went through, they're missing leadership right now. When you have an incident like that, the first thing a leader is going to do is find some way to dissolve everything that's going on and actually dissolve it before it comes to that type of head or even gets to that point. When you talk about the Baltimore Ravens they're going to have to refocus and find some quick leaders in that locker room very quickly.”
Obviously, he's right.
Nothing unfortunate ever happened off the field involving a Ravens player when they were there.
The Guardian's Dana Nuccitelli uses pseudo-science to libel Dr. John Christy
By Paul Homewood
http://wattsupwiththat.com/2016/02/20/the-guardians-dana-nuccitelli-uses-pseudo-science-to-libel-dr-john-christy/
You may recall that Dana Nutticcelli ran a piece in the subsidised, left wing Guardian the other day, which attempted to debunk John Christy's testimony to Congress. The deluded drones who read the Grauniad naturally sucked it all up.
I did not respond at the time because I knew that Lord Monckton would make a much better job of it than I ever would.
Here is their response in WUWT:
One Dana Nuccitelli, a co-author of the 2013 paper that found 0.5% consensus to the effect that recent global warming was mostly manmade and reported it as 97.1%, leading Queensland police to inform a Brisbane citizen who had complained to them that a “deception” had been perpetrated, has published an article in the British newspaper The Guardian making numerous inaccurate assertions calculated to libel Dr John Christy of the University of Alabama in connection with their now-famous chart showing the ever-growing discrepancy between models' wild predictions and the slow, harmless, unexciting rise in global temperature since 1979.
The chart, described by Nuccitelli as “simply another example of cherry picked data … presented in a multiply misleading way”, shows their comments. Each comment is then given in more detail in bold face, followed by the truth in Roman face.
1. “The data are misleadingly misaligned” to start in 1979, so as “to visually exaggerate any difference between the models and data”. Instead, Mr Nuccitelli opines that they should have been aligned to a common baseline some decades in length.
Altering the baselines does not alter the trends. Nevertheless, to test Mr Nucccitelli's allegation that Dr Christy had “misleadingly misaligned” the data, trends on the models' predictions (red), satellites' observations (green) and radiosondes' measurements (blue) were expressed as centennial-equivalent warming rates of 2.22, 1.00 and 0.86 Celsius degrees respectively. The warming rate predicted by the models is thus some 2.2–2.5 times the warming rates observed by the satellites and radiosondes. The graph, therefore, correctly reflects a real and widening discrepancy between prediction and observation. Note also that the CMIP5 predictions were made in about 2010, so that nearly all the red curve represents hindcasts: yet still the models' trend is excessive.
2. “No uncertainty ranges are shown whatsoever”. When they are taken into account, “the observations are consistent with the range of model projections”.
Data since 1979 for the CMIP5 models were not to hand. However, in 1990 IPCC (AR1, p. xxiv), on the basis of “substantial confidence” that the models on which it relied had captured all essential features of the climate, predicted near-linear warming of 1.0 [0.7, 1.5] Celsius degrees over the 36 years 1990-2025, equivalent to 2.78 [1.94, 4.17] Cº/century. The boundary between the two zones, marked with the red needle in the clock-graph below, is the IPCC's then best prediction: warming equivalent to about 2.8 C°/century by now.
The very wide range of predictions made by the IPCC is shown as orange and red regions. The observed warming on the RSS and UAH satellite datasets, again expressed as centennial equivalents, is shown by the two green needles. The HadCRUT4 dataset, to Dr Jones' credit, publishes its combined measurement, coverage and bias uncertainties, which are about 0.16 Celsius degrees either side of the central estimate. The satellite uncertainties are smaller. It is plain that there is no overlap whatsoever between the exaggerated predictions made by IPCC in 1990 and the rates of global warming since then shown by the satellites.
3. “Observational data disagreements are hidden,” because “Christy's graph also averages together multiple different observational datasets, which aren't in terribly close agreement.”
In the present context, disagreements between trends on the RSS and UAH satellite datasets, for instance, would only be material if either of the datasets showed a trend close to the trend on the models' predictions: otherwise, such differences would be inconsequential when set against the far wider difference between the trend on each observational dataset and the trend on the models' predictions.
To test whether the two satellite datasets “aren't in terribly close agreement”, their spline-curves and trends from 1979-2015 were separately determined and plotted. Results showed that the two curves are visibly in reasonable agreement.
To verify this, copy each graph on to a PowerPoint slide, start the presentation and then use the up and down arrows in rapid succession to make a blink-comparator.
Their centennial-equivalent trends are within a tenth of a degree of one another, whereas the differences between each of the two observed trends and the model-predicted trend are each an order of magnitude greater than the difference between them.
4. “The chart isn't peer-reviewed or easily reproducible”, in that “Christy doesn't say which observational data sets he's averaging together”.
Mr Nuccitelli did not email Dr Christy and simply ask for the information. On one occasion when I asked Dr Christy for some data to assist me in a paper I was writing, I received the requested data within 24 hours. My questions about the data were answered promptly, courteously, fully and helpfully. Furthermore, the chart is plainly labeled indicating that it was prepared using the online and publicly available Climate Explorer program and data maintained by the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute.
Had Mr Nuccitelli done a little homework, they would have been able to find the following widely-circulated graph that actually lists 73 of the models used by Dr Christy, and shows IPCC's ever-increasing confidence in the “consensus” proposition that recent global warming was mostly manmade. In fact, as Mr Nuccitelli knows full well (for their own data file of 11,944 climate science papers shows it), the “consensus” is only 0.5%. But that is by the bye: the main point here is that it is the trends on the predictions compared with those on the observational data that matter, and, on all 73 models, the trends are higher than those on the real-world data.
Read the rest here.
Advertisements
Astronomers have found a galaxy whose super-luminous nucleus--called a quasar--is burning 100 times as much energy as the entire Milky Way galaxy.
Though theory has long predicted that quasars this powerful should exist, the newly-discovered object, known as SDSS J1106+1939, is by far the most energetic ever observed. The quasar is powered by a supermassive black hole that lies at its center.
Scientists made the discovery using the X-shooter spectrograph instrument attached to ESO's Very Large Telescope. The spectrograph split light coming from the quasar into its component wavelengths, allowing astronomers to observe the movement of material close to the quasar. The team calculated that the quasar is spewing an annual 400 suns worth of gas and dust, at a velocity of nearly 5000 miles per second.
Giant outflows like this one may be able to answer some big cosmic mysteries, like how the black hole at the center of each galaxy affects its size, and why there are so few big galaxies in the Universe.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate says their office processed a record amount of new business filings during the most recent fiscal year.
There were 21,240 new businesses that filed with Secretary of State's office between July 1, 2016 and June 30, 2017.
The old record, set the previous fiscal year, was 20,155. The Secretary of State's office is the business portal for Iowa.
“This shows the entrepreneurial spirit of Iowans continues to thrive and that is good news for the state,” Secretary Pate said. “Small business is the backbone of our economy. This data shows more entrepreneurs are taking chances with their capital and investing in startups across the state.”
Prior to Secretary Pate taking office in January 2015, the record for new business filings in one year was 15,305. Pate applauds their Business Services Division for their efforts in helping businesses grow across the state.
“When I was Secretary of State 20 years ago, we handled 9,000 new business filings per year, with a much larger staff,” Secretary Pate said. “I'm proud of the work and dedication my staff puts in, and we continue to look for ways to find efficiencies. My goal is for the office to operate at the speed of business, not the speed of government. We are advancing toward that goal and the record amounts of filings we're processing is a very positive indicator.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 24, 2014, 8:47 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 24, 2014, 10:30 PM GMT
Human remains found during the search for missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham have been identified as those of the 18-year-old, officials said Friday. The remains were found Saturday on an abandoned property near Old Lynchburg Road in Albemarle County, less than 10 miles away from where Graham was last seen.
"The focus of the investigation now is to determine what charges will be brought and the appropriate time to make those charges," said a statement from the Commonwealth's Attorney for the County of Albemarle. Graham was last seen on Sept. 13 on surveillance video and by witnesses with Jesse Leroy Matthew, 32, who was charged with abduction with the intent to defile in connection with the case, police have said. The Albemarle County Police appealed Friday to those who live near Old Lynchburg Road to provide any tips.
"For Hannah's young life to end so tragically, and for their destiny of promise to be left unfulfilled, is an affront to the sanctity of life and to the natural order of human events," said U.Va President Teresa A. Sullivan, adding, "our entire community is grieving with the Graham family."
"We all hoped for a happier ending," Graham's parents said. "Although we have lost our precious Hannah, the light they radiated can never be extinguished."
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
— Elisha Fieldstadt
Microsoft announced preview availability of its N-Series Virtual Machines in Azure today. Microsoft will offer state-of-the-art GPU visualization infrastructure and GPU compute infrastructure through the N-Series, enabled by our NVIDIA Tesla M60 platform with GRID and Tesla K80 GPU accelerators.
For the first time, businesses will have the ability to deploy NVIDIA Quadro-grade professional graphics applications and accelerated computing on-premises, in the cloud through Azure, or via a hybrid of the two using both Windows and Linux virtual machines.
Professional Graphics in the Cloud
Azure N-Series now offer NVIDIA Tesla M60 GPUs with NVIDIA GRID software for professional graphics users with visually intensive applications. This solution allows organizations to get the full power of a workstation from Azure cloud, enabling workforce productivity, security and workspace mobility.
Supercomputing-Class Performance
Azure also offers customers supercomputing-class performance, with the addition of the NVIDIA Tesla Accelerated Computing Platform's K80 GPU for the most computationally demanding data center and high performance computing applications.
By deploying the Tesla K80 GPU accelerator in its N-Series virtual machines, Azure dramatically expands access to supercomputing-class performance. Enterprises can rent a supercomputer in the cloud, whenever needed, to accelerate their most demanding workloads.
Cloud-Based GPUs
We've spent years and thousands of engineering man-hours adding cloud-based capabilities to our GPUs. At the same time, we've been intensely focused on improving the energy efficiency of GPUs to meet the requirements of hyperscale data centers.
We're also focused on the need for the shortest possible latency. Graphics or computation are instantly transmitted to the user through any connected device. Furthermore, we've virtualized the software stack and integrated into the Azure cloud, allowing complete compatibility with almost any application.
For more details or to register for the preview, see Microsoft's blog.
Credit: creativecommons.org/Nils Rinaldi
More than 41 tonnes of elephant ivory were seized in 2013 – and heartbreakingly, that's the largest quantity in the last 25 years.
However, the fact that up to 50,000 elephants a year are now being slaughtered for their ivory seems to have shocked world leaders out of their ennui and into action to halt poaching and ivory trafficking, according to the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW).
“Ivory poaching has grown way out of control in recent years, with large scale seizures (those weighing more than 800kg) becoming the norm rather than the exception,” said Kelvin Alie, director of wildlife trade for IFAW. “So far this year we have seen 18 large scale seizures – significantly up on 2011 when there were 14 large seizures.”
Sonja Van Tichelen, IFAW's EU regional director added: “Wildlife crime ranks among the most serious, dangerous and damaging of international crimes, along with human trafficking, drug running and illegal arms sales.
“In the past months we've seen more international cooperation to act for elephants than ever before. The EU recently committed €12 million to help combat the ivory trade and February will see the crushing of seized ivory in France and a major wildlife trafficking conference in the UK. There will be a major EU - Africa Union (AU) Summit in April. IFAW's sincere hope and belief is that the EU must have a complete Action Plan, as it does for drugs and terrorism, in order to secure the future for elephants.”
Earlier this month delegates to the IUCN African Elephant Summit in Botswana committed to classifying wildlife trafficking as a ‘serious crime'. This unlocks international law enforcement opportunities that will make life that much harder for criminals.
As part of a worldwide capacity building initiative IFAW trains law enforcement officers in wildlife trafficking prevention in several countries throughout Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Oceania and the Caribbean. The organization recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Interpol – the first ever signed by Interpol's Environmental Crime Programme with an NGO. IFAW and Interpol have collaborated on numerous projects since 2005 including Interpol's largest-ever illegal ivory trade operation in 2012.
Dive in with Dory and be part of the story! Inspired by the Disney•Pixar film Finding Dory, journey with Dory and friends through fin-tastic levels to find their family! Follow the bubbles as you travel from the Reef to shipwrecks, kelp forests, the Marine Life Institute, and more. Try to earn three stars on every level, and choose funny items to customize your journey in surprising ways—you'll never play the same way twice! Dive in with Dory to help them find their family. Adventure through 13 levels over 5 worlds. Choose funny items to make the story your own! Meet Dory's friends with fun appearances from Nemo, Marlin, Hank, Bailey, Destiny, and more! Experience the incredible Stingray Migration! Explore the Marine Life Institute—but watch out for curious kids! Race across Morro Bay to help Dory save the day! If you're experiencing difficulties with audio, please check the audio settings on your device to see if your device is muted. Don't hesitate to contact customer care http://help.disney.com/Apps/Finding-Dory-Just-Keep-Swimming.
Europe will likely get more than half of its electricity from renewable sources by the end of the next decade if EU countries meet their climate pledges, according to a draft commission paper.
A planned overhaul of the continent's electricity grids will now need to be sped up, says the leaked text, seen by the Guardian.
“Reaching the European Union 2030 energy and climate objectives means the share of renewables is likely to reach 50% of installed electricity capacity,” says the consultation paper, due to be published on 15 July. “This means that changes to the electricity system in favour of decarbonisation will have to come even faster.”
The EU has set itself a goal of cutting emissions 40% on 1990 levels by 2030, and an aspiration for a 27% share for renewables across Europe's full energy mix, which includes sectors such as transport, agriculture and buildings that do not necessarily rely on electricity. Around a quarter of Europe's electricity currently comes from renewable sources.
Oliver Joy, a spokesperson for the European Wind Energy Association welcomed the draft text but noted the 27% goal for 2030 was non-binding, and some countries were looking likely to even miss an earlier goal, for 2020, that is binding.
“Even with a binding provision, we are seeing the Netherlands, UK and France potentially missing their 2020 target [to source a fifth of energy provision from renewables].”
Joy called for the commission to deliver a governance system for renewables that prevented slacker states from hiding behind the more fast-moving ones.
Downing Street would almost certainly resist more stringent oversight from Brussels on renewable energy. Other measures put up for discussion in the paper could be an anathema to the government's eurosceptic backbenchers.
One question in the consultation document linking market distortions to divergent energy taxes and charges, leaves the door open for proposals to harmonise taxes. These would raise hackles with several countries, the Conservative MEP Ian Duncan warned.
“I can't believe that common taxes are the right approach for opening up markets,” they told the Guardian. “If we get bogged down in the the notion of common taxes, it will drag the whole thing down – and it won't be pretty I'm afraid.”
The paper also proposes intraday cross-border power trading between countries so that renewable energy can be instantly dispatched to meet demand, without the need for storage. This kind of trading only takes place on a day-ahead basis at present.
Gary Cameron/Reuters Elizabeth Warren shows company documents to Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf during their testimony before a Senate Banking Committee hearing. Warren argues corporations should pay their fair share of taxes.
WASHINGTON ― Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) is gearing up for a major tax battle next year, warning Democrats not to cave to corporate pressure in a coming push for comprehensive tax reform.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), who will become majority leader if Democrats take the upper chamber, have been in talks to reform the tax code in 2017.
Multinational companies are under increasing pressure from tax authorities around the globe, with signs that the era of easy access to tax havens may be coming to an end. With few places left to turn, U.S. companies want to bring their cash home ― but they want to do it without paying the tax they avoided by stashing it offshore to begin with.
The pro-corporate narrative in Washington warns that if taxes aren't cut, companies will go elsewhere. Warren said it's a bluff, and recent activity around the globe suggests she's right.
“Developed countries are cracking down on the tax dodgers. You saw what just happened with the European Commission ordering Ireland to collect $14 billion in back taxes from Apple,” they said. “Corporations are running out of places to hide, with the G20 and the OECD [Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development] working together to end international tax avoidance. So I just think that argument no longer holds much weight. Instead of bailing out the tax dodgers under the guise of tax reform, Congress should seize this moment to repair our broken tax code.”
Instead of bailing out the tax dodgers under the guise of tax reform, Congress should seize this moment to repair our broken tax code.One way to bring pressure on Congress, they told The Huffington Post in an interview, is for state ballot measures to show politicians where the people stand on that issue. One in particular she's watching is Oregon's Measure 97, a provision that would raise $3 billion a year by taxing companies with revenue of $25 million or more. Vermont's independent Sen. Bernie Sanders recently threw their weight behind it.
“State ballot initiatives are sending a giant message to Congress that the American people want to see change,” they said. “I think this proposal is a good step to help make the system fairer.”
Instead of bailing out the tax dodgers under the guise of tax reform, Congress should seize this moment to repair our broken tax code. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.)
They were skeptical of claims that the true cost would be passed down to consumers to the tune of $600 per year per Oregon household. “I want to dig a lot deeper into those data because I worry about numbers that always seem to align with the interests of the billion-dollar corporations that want to escape paying their taxes,” they said.
For years, the bipartisan consensus around tax reform has agreed that any effort should be “revenue neutral,” meaning that the tax code would be rewritten, some companies would pay more, some would pay less, but the government would get the same revenue that it's getting today.
But from the perspective of the Warren wing of the party, corporations pay far too little as it is, so making any reform revenue-neutral is a loser.
Before companies managed to start gaming the system, Warren noted, three of every 10 dollars of federal revenue came from corporate taxes. Today it's only 1 in 10.
“At a time when corporate profits are near record highs, corporate tax revenue is near a record low,” they said. And so Democrats need to fight to push it higher.
Edinburgh centre Matt Scott will miss Scotland's autumn internationals after undergoing shoulder surgery.
The 23-year-old suffered the injury against Leinster in the final game of last season and is expected to be sidelined until December.
Capped 21 times, Scott was an ever-present in this year's Six Nations campaign, but has yet to play under new head coach Vern Cotter.
Scott has a year left on their current contract at Edinburgh.
Back-row Mike Coman and props Willen Nel and Allan Dell have also gone under the knife and are set for lengthy lay-offs.
Winger Tom Brown does not require surgery despite sustaining knee ligament damage against Munster, but will not return until October after an operation to remove their appendix.
However, better news for Edinburgh is full-back Jack Cuthbert, who damaged their knee while representing Scotland in the Sevens World Series in London, is set to return in September.
“Incidental” surveillance data can be held for 90 days
Steve Watson
Infowars.com
May 11, 2012
A newly discovered Air Force intelligence brief states that should fleet of unmanned drones accidentally capture surveillance footage of Americans, the data can be stored and analyzed by the Pentagon for up to 90 days.
The instruction, dated April 23, admits that the Air Force cannot legally conduct “nonconsensual surveillance” on Americans, but also states that should the drones”incidentally” capture data while conducting other missions, military intelligence has the right to study it to determine whether the subjects are legitimate targets of domestic surveillance.
“Collected imagery may incidentally include US persons or private property without consent,” the instruction states.
The Air Force can take advantage of “a period not to exceed 90 days” to use the data to assess “whether that information may be collected under the provisions of Procedure 2, DoD 5240.1-R and permanently retained under the provisions of Procedure 3, DoD 5240.1-R.” it continues.
The Pentagon directives cited authorize limited domestic spying in certain scenarios such as natural disasters, environmental cases, and monitoring activity around military bases.
Should the drones capture data on Americans, the Air Force says that it should determine whether they are, among other things, “persons or organizations reasonably believed to be engaged or about to engage, in international terrorist or international narcotics activities.”
The instruction also states that the Pentagon can disseminate the data to other intelligence and government agencies, should it see fit.
“Even though information may not be collectible, it may be retained for the length of time necessary to transfer it to another DoD entity or government agency to whose function it pertains.” the document reads.
The document was discovered by Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists.
As we reported in February, Over 30 prominent watchdog groups have banded together to petition the FAA on the proposed increase in the use of drones in US airspace.
The groups, including The American Civil Liberties Union, The Electronic Privacy Information Center and The Bill of Rights Defense Committee, are demanding that the FAA hold a rulemaking session to consider the privacy and safety threats.
Congress recently passed legislation paving the way for what the FAA predicts will be somewhere in the region of 30,000 drones in operation in US skies by 2020.
The ACLU noted that the FAA's legislation “would push the nation willy-nilly toward an era of aerial surveillance without any steps to protect the traditional privacy that Americans have always enjoyed and expected.”
In addition to privacy concerns, the groups warned that the ability to link facial recognition technology to surveillance drones and patch the information through to active government databases would “increase the First Amendment risks for would be political dissidents.”
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.net, and Prisonplanet.com. They have a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham in England.
Los Angeles issues health warning: 2 possible ocular syphilis cases being investigated
Following reports of clusters of ocular syphilis in Washington State (6) and San Francisco (7) since December 2014, Los Angeles County health officials say they are investigating two independent cases of possible ocular syphilis.
This has prompted the, the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health (LAC DPH) to issue an health advisory directed at primary care providers, HIV and infection disease specialists, ophthalmologists, optometrists, and other eye care providers to be vigilant and to consider syphilis in patients presenting with visual complaints if they have risk factors for syphilis.
Take a sexual history to determine risk for syphilis. In LA County, most cases of syphilis occur in men who have sex with men (MSM) and over half are HIV-infected.
The clusters in King County, WA and San Francisco were mostly seen among MSM and HIV-infected and have resulted in a significant and permanent decline in visual acuity, including at least two cases of blindness.
These current clusters raise the concern of specific strains of Treponema pallidum with a greater likelihood of causing ocular infections.
AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) President, Michael Weinstein said in a statement today, “These new cases of ocular syphilis highlight the importance of ongoing, regular check-ups for sexually-active individuals who feel they may be at risk, particularly men who have sex with men.
“We call on the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health to step up and do more to alert and educate medical providers about ocular syphilis. County officials should also develop a strategic plan for reducing syphilis cases, including putting out a monthly update to the media as well as running the monthly update as an advertisement in LGBT publications to educate the public.”
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum. Symptoms of syphilis are easy to miss, and easy to mistake for something else. Symptoms in each stage look different, ranging from painless sores that go away to a rash to no symptoms at all. But syphilis in the later stages causes paralysis, dementia, blindness, deafness, heart failure and even death.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vauxhall unveiled its Monza concept car at the Frankfurt motor show last week, giving a glimpse of what it believes to be the future of driving.
And while Maserati, Jaguar, Citroen and others all revealed their own vision at the world's biggest gathering of automobile firms, few drew a more positive response than this gull-winged beauty.
On-road performance remains the key indicator of any vehicle's quality, but Vauxhall believes their concept car's other features will provide the foundation the for the company's future design.
That is to be seen, but in the meantime here's what the Monza has to offer:
Design
Firstly, those doors. The gull wing design may not allow an easy escape in a supermarket car park, or when throwing money into the Dartford toll basket, but does provide the most eye-catching feature. And for the taller man or woman, it delivers a much simpler entry angle and therefore greater ease and comfort.
It also underlines the amount of space available inside the vehicle with ample legroom in the backseats - something too often an afterthought in any car.
Elsewhere, the exterior is equally impressive. Vice-president of design, Mark Adams, likened it to a greyhound, with a raised hind, striding posture and a "great bone structure". Supporting the body are four large tyres nestled under high wheel arches.
Aesthetically, it's a star, even if the practicality of gull-winged doors is yet to be decided.
Technology
Increased connectivity and infotainment are the crux of what Vauxhall are trying to get across in the Monza. A door-to-door dashboard, powered by 18 miniature LED projectors, will dazzle those looking on with 3D graphics and the ability to browse the internet.
And while this may not be beneficial to the already-busy driver, the ability to have text messages read aloud and an ever-improving voice command facility will mean they or they are connected more than ever before. This kind of technology works in other areas of life, but now Vauxhall want to make it a reality in cars as well.
Sustainability
And with technology in mind, the Monza also displays capabilities that will create a more environmentally-friendly automobile future. Increased awareness of traffic congestion through technology will help cars avoid hotspots, therefore reducing time on the road, keeping people on the move and, crucially, lowering CO2 emissions. Alarms will be sounded when emergency vehicles are approaching, helping ambulances and police cars get to where they need to without disruption.
Even paper manuals, forever stuffed into the glove compartment of a car, will be a thing of the past with greater smartphone use. Take a picture of the area you need help with, and all the information will appear on screen.
This marriage between car and smartphone, car and technology, will help create a more sustainable future, according to the carmaker. And with a target of cutting CO2 emissions by 27 per cent by 2020, this part of the Monza should be at the forefront of car design over the next few years.
Drive
The car has a 1.0-litre three-cylinder turbo petrol engine, but the Monza is all about the design and future technological capabilities. How it performs on the road is yet to be determined.
The future?
Vauxhall believes the Monza showcases its thinking on future car designs, but not in its current form. This design is almost certain never to get to the production phase.
But as the company admits, physics and chemistry are setting the limits of what a car can achieve on the road now and in the future. A switch to hybrid and fully electric vehicles is inevitable with fuel sources dwindling, making other details - such as connectivity - all the more important.
And while the Monza is unlikely to be brought onto the market, it does show one thing: the interior of a car and the way a driver interacts with the vehicle are no longer an afterthought. The driving experience is only going to get better and better - and this is just the start.
"Raymond Palmer" redirects here. For the University of Texas professor, see Raymond F. Palmer
Raymond Arthur Palmer (August 1, 1910 – August 15, 1977[1]) was an American editor of Amazing Stories from 1938 through 1949, when they left publisher Ziff-Davis to publish and edit Fate Magazine, and eventually many other magazines and books through their own publishing houses, including Amherst Press and Palmer Publications. In addition to magazines such as Mystic, Search, and Flying Saucers, they published or republished numerous spirtualist books, including Oahspe: A New Bible, as well as several books related to flying saucers, including The Coming of the Saucers, co-written by Palmer with Kenneth Arnold. Palmer was also a prolific author of science fiction and fantasy stories, many of which were published under pseudonyms.
Personal life [ edit ]
According to Bruce Lanier Wright, "Palmer was hit by a truck at age seven and suffered a broken back." An unsuccessful operation on Palmer's spine stunted their growth (he stood about four feet tall), and left them with a hunchback.
Palmer found refuge in science fiction, which they read voraciously. They rose through the ranks of science fiction fandom and is credited, along with Walter Dennis, with editing the first fanzine, The Comet, in May, 1930.[2]
Career [ edit ]
Throughout the 1930s, Palmer would have many of their stories published in several science fiction magazines of the era. When Ziff-Davis acquired Amazing Stories in 1938, editor T. O'Conor Sloane resigned and production was moved to Chicago. On the recommendation of popular author Ralph Milne Farley, the editorship was offered to Palmer. In 1939, Palmer began a companion magazine to Amazing Stories titled Fantastic Adventures, which lasted until 1953.
When Ziff-Davis moved its magazine production from Chicago to New York City in 1949, Palmer resigned and, with Curtis Fuller, another Ziff-Davis editor who did not want to leave the midwest, founded Clark Publishing Co.[3]
Science fiction magazines [ edit ]
Amazing Stories introduced a redesigned logo and the unlikely claim "Every Story Scientifically Accurate" Palmer's first issue ofintroduced a redesigned logo and the unlikely claim "Every Story Scientifically Accurate"
Other Worlds in 1951 Palmer's short story "Mr. Yellow Jacket" was cover-featured onin 1951
Imaginative Tales in 1955 Palmer's novella "The Metal Emperor", their last story published in an sf magazine, was cover-featured onin 1955
As an editor, Palmer tended to favor adventurous, fast-moving space opera-type stories. Their tenure at Amazing Stories was notable for their purchase of Isaac Asimov's first professional story, "Marooned Off Vesta".
Palmer was also known for their support of the long-running and controversial Shaver Mystery stories, a series of stories by Richard Sharpe Shaver. Palmer's support of the truth of Shaver's stories (which maintained that the world is dominated by insane inhabitants of the hollow earth), was controversial in the science fiction community. It is unclear whether Palmer believed the Shaver stories to be true, or if they were just using the stories to sell magazines. Palmer asked other writers to do stories in the Shaver genre, the most notable being Rog Phillips.
Palmer began their own science fiction publishing ventures while working for Ziff-Davis, eventually leaving the company to form their own publishing house, Clark Publishing Company, which was responsible for the titles Imagination and Other Worlds, among others. None of these magazines achieved the success of Amazing Stories during the Palmer years, but Palmer published Space World magazine until their death.
Paranormality magazines [ edit ]
In 1948, Palmer and Curtis Fuller co-founded Fate, which covered divination methods, Fortean events, belief in the survival of personality after death, predictive dreams, accounts of ghosts, mental telepathy, archaeology, flying saucer sightings, cryptozoology, alternative medicine, warnings of death, and other paranormal topics, many contributed by readers.
Curtis Fuller and their wife Mary took full control of Fate in 1955, when Palmer sold their interest in the venture. The magazine has continued in publication under a series of editors and publishers to the present day.
Another paranormal magazine Palmer created along the line of Fate was Mystic magazine, which after about two years of publication became Search magazine.[citation needed]
In the 1970s, Palmer also published Ray Palmer's News Letter which was combined into another of their publications called Forum in March 1975.[4][unreliable source?]
Flying Saucers magazine [ edit ]
In the first issue of Fate, Palmer published Kenneth Arnold's report of "flying discs." Arnold's sighting marked the beginning of the modern UFO era, and their story propelled the fledgling Fate to national recognition. Through Fate, Palmer was instrumental in popularizing belief in flying saucers. This interest led them to establish the magazine Flying Saucers.
Spiritual publications [ edit ]
Palmer's avid interest in spirituality and alternative explanations of reality was reflected in their choice of publications. Their interest in the Oahspe Bible, led them on a 15-year search for a copy of the original 1882 edition published by Oahspe Publishing Assoc., New York and London. Although a later edited and revised edition was published in 1891 and reprinted over the years, the original 1882 Oahspe Bible was not available until Palmer republished a facsimile of it in 1960. It is often referred to as "The Palmer Edition" or "The Green Oahspe" among Oahspe readers. They continued to publish and reprint later editions to which they added an index and editor's notes. Oahspe was reported by the spiritualist medium John B. Newbrough to have come as automatic writing through their hands on the newly invented typewriter.
Tributes [ edit ]
The secret identity of DC Comics superhero the Atom – introduced by science fiction writer Gardner Fox in 1961 – is named after Palmer.
A newer edition of Oahspe as a tribute edition to Ray Palmer was published in 2009 titled Oahspe - Raymond A. Palmer Tribute Edition.
In September 2013, Palmer was posthumously named to the First Fandom Hall of Fame in a ceremony at the 71st World Science Fiction Convention.[5]
In 2013, Tarcher/Penguin published a biography of Palmer called The Man From Mars and written by Fred Nadis.
Palmer is also the subject of Richard Toronto's 2013 book, War over Lemuria: Richard Shaver, Ray Palmer and the Strangest Chapter of 1940s Science Fiction, which attempts to give a detailed history of the Shaver Mystery and its two main proponents.
Bibliography [ edit ]
Short stories [ edit ]
The Time Ray of Jandra , Wonder Stories (June 1930)
, Wonder Stories (June 1930) The Man Who Invaded Time , Science Fiction Digest (October 1932)
, Science Fiction Digest (October 1932) Escape from Antarctica , Science Fiction Digest (Juneau 1933)
, Science Fiction Digest (Juneau 1933) The Girl from Venus , Science Fiction Digest (September 1933)
, Science Fiction Digest (September 1933) The Return to Venus , Fantasy Magazine (May 1934)
, Fantasy Magazine (May 1934) The Vortex World , Fantasy Magazine (1934)
, Fantasy Magazine (1934) The Time Tragedy , Wonder Stories (December 1934)
, Wonder Stories (December 1934) Three from the Test-Tube , Wonder Stories (1935)
, Wonder Stories (1935) The Symphony of Death , Amazing Stories (December 1935)
, Amazing Stories (December 1935) Matter Is Conserved , Astounding Science-Fiction (April 1938)
, Astounding Science-Fiction (April 1938) Catalyst Planet , Thrilling Wonder Stories (August 1938)
, Thrilling Wonder Stories (August 1938) The Blinding Ray , Amazing Stories (August 1938)
, Amazing Stories (August 1938) Outlaw of Space , Amazing Stories (August 1938)
, Amazing Stories (August 1938) Black World (Part 1 of 2), Amazing Stories (March 1940)
(Part 1 of 2), Amazing Stories (March 1940) Black World (Part 2 of 2), Amazing Stories (April 1940)
(Part 2 of 2), Amazing Stories (April 1940) The Vengeance of Martin Brand (Part 1 of 2), Amazing Stories (August 1942)
(Part 1 of 2), Amazing Stories (August 1942) The Vengeance of Martin Brand (Part 2 of 2), Amazing Stories (September 1942)
(Part 2 of 2), Amazing Stories (September 1942) King of the Dinosaurs , Fantastic Adventures (October 1945)
, Fantastic Adventures (October 1945) Toka and the Man Bats , Fantastic Adventures (February 1946)
, Fantastic Adventures (February 1946) Toka Fights the Big Cats , Fantastic Adventures (December 1947)
, Fantastic Adventures (December 1947) In the Sphere of Time , Planet Stories (Summer 1948)
, Planet Stories (Summer 1948) The Justice of Martin Brand , Other Worlds Science Stories (July 1950)
, Other Worlds Science Stories (July 1950) The Hell Ship , Worlds of If (March 1952)
, Worlds of If (March 1952) Mr. Yellow Jacket , Other Worlds (June 1951)
, Other Worlds (June 1951) I Flew in a Flying Saucer (Part 1 of 2), Other Worlds Science Stories (October 1951)
(Part 1 of 2), Other Worlds Science Stories (October 1951) I Flew in a Flying Saucer (Part 2 of 2), Other Worlds Science Stories (December 1951)
(Part 2 of 2), Other Worlds Science Stories (December 1951) The Metal Emperor, Imaginative Tales (November 1955)
Nonfiction [ edit ]
The Coming of the Saucers (with Kenneth Arnold) (1952)
(with Kenneth Arnold) (1952) The Secret World (with Richard Shaver) (1975)
See also [ edit ]
Ravel Morrison: Subject of interest of Newcastle as they seem set to leave Manchester United
Sky Sports understands Manchester United have rejected a bid from Newcastle for teenage starlet Ravel Morrison.
Morrison seems set to leave Old Trafford after failing to agree a new deal with their current contract due to expire in the summer.
The Red Devils are thought to be open to the idea of offloading Morrison despite the fact the winger is regarded as one of the best players to emerge from their famed youth academy
A number of clubs at home and abroad have been alerted to Morrison's possible availability and Newcastle have tried to steal a march on their rivals by making an offer for the 18-year-old.
Even though Morrison could leave on a free transfer in the summer United would be entitled to compensation in the region of £300,000 for development costs as they are aged under 24.
Newcastle are thought to have made a bid in the region of the fee their rivals would be entitled to in compensation, but the Old Trafford side have rejected it out of hand.
Morrison, who has made two first-team appearances in the Carling Cup this season, is believed to be resigned to leaving as they want to be playing regular first team-football.
When President Obama was asked recently what they want to be remembered for, they quickly answered that it would be as the savior of the American and global economies.
"There are things I'm proud of," they said, citing Obamacare, then added, "Saving the world economy from a Great Depression, that was pretty good."
The economy was in free fall when they took office, and he's been boasting for seven years that it isn't any more. But no one worried that free fall would last forever. The real question was how long it would take before it bottomed out and bounced back.
The American economy grew at an annualized rate of only half a percentage point in the first quarter of this year, it was announced Thursday. This is bad news for Obama's legacy and for Hillary Clinton, running for their former boss's third term. It is certainly a strain to see it as vindication of Obamanomics after six years of stimulus, pump-priming and stagnation.
And annual rate of 0.5 percent growth means absolute growth between New Year's and March 31 was actually closer to a tenth of a percentage point. Another way of looking at it is that the entire economy grew at one thousandth — not much to cheer about for voters paying higher taxes than they did when they arrived in office.
Thursday's numbers suggest yet again that Obama will end eight years in office without presiding over a thriving economy of the sort America enjoyed in the past. It also suggests that even the mediocre growth of recent years depended on high oil prices, which have collapsed by more than half.
This is the bitter fruit of creationist economics, the erroneous belief that government activity can somehow conjure new wealth and value.
Obama clings to the belief they brought with them into office, that they can legislate and regulate economic activity into existence. They promoted and signed a much-touted stimulus law that gave taxpayers' money to items on a Democratic wish list and to well-connected businesses, while doling out microscopic tax refunds to some workers. Beyond that, Obama's economic policy has consisted of imposing greater burdens on business in the form of labor rulings, environmental regulations, and mandates that increase the cost of job creation.
Higher minimum wages, new mandatory health costs, obligatory paid leave, and new powers for corrupt labor unions all hamper economic growth. For workers to get a larger piece of pie, the pie must grow. And right now, it is growing by only five thousandths per year.
Reasonably low business taxes and lighter regulation are not sufficient to produce a robust economy, but they are necessary. The Obama era has proved a painful reminder that big government cannot lift them up, but it can certainly chain them down and keep them struggling.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Howard Dean was on Fox News Sunday this morning, where they blasted the network for what they called racist, phony, crap stories. Dean said, “I think Fox News did something that was absolutely racist…They have been pushing a theme of black racism with this phony Black Panther crap, and this business, and Sotomayor and all this other stuff.”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters:
Dean said, “Let's just be blunt about this. I don't think Newt Gingrich is a racist, and you're certainly not a racist, but I think Fox News did something that was absolutely racist. They had an obligation to find out what was really in the clip. They have been pushing a theme of black racism with this phony Black Panther crap, and this business, and Sotomayor and all this other stuff. Look, the Tea Party called out their racist fringe, and the Republican Party has got to stop appealing to its racist fringe, and Fox News is what did that. You put that on.”
A whole lot of people including some Fox News viewers agree with all the points that Howard Dean made. Fox News is finally getting called out for their endless race baiting. The network is guided by ideological, not journalistic principles, and Dean was correct to tie their Shirley Sherrod story to other instances of race baiting at FNC. The Fox News spin is that they did nothing wrong. They were responsible in their coverage, and according to Glenn Beck, Fox News got the story right. If by getting the story right, they mean getting it completely wrong then they are correct. FNC has also claimed that they are the real victims of racism, not Shirley Sherrod.
Now is the time for everyone with a voice to be decrying the racist tactics of Fox News. The strategy to open up old wounds and divide America based on race has been going on since the 2008 general election campaign. Republicans believe that if they can divide this country along racial lines, they can turn the 2012 presidential election into a tossup. The reality is the GOP base, which consists of white male voters, is so solidly outnumbered, that the end result of this strategy could actually be shrinkage in support for the GOP. Howard Dean showed some real guts by calling out Fox News on their own program, and now is the time to turn up the heat in order to ensure that their attempts at the ugly politics of racism do not divide us
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
