Scientists working with data from NASA's Cassini mission have confirmed the presence of a population of complex hydrocarbons in the upper atmosphere of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, that later evolve into the components that give the moon a distinctive orange-brown haze. The presence of these complex, ringed hydrocarbons, known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), explains the origin of the aerosol particles found in the lowest haze layer that blankets Titan's surface. Scientists think these PAH compounds aggregate into larger particles as they drift downward.
"With the huge amount of methane in its atmosphere, Titan smog is like L.A. smog on steroids," said Scott Edgington, Cassini deputy project scientist based at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif. "These new papers using Cassini data shed light on how the heavy, complex hydrocarbon molecules that make up Titan's smog came to form out of the simpler molecules in the atmosphere. Now that they have been identified, the longevity of Cassini's mission will make it possible to study their variation with Titan seasons."
Of all the bodies in the solar system, Saturn's largest moon, Titan, has the atmosphere most resembling that of Earth. Like that of our planet, Titan's atmosphere is largely composed of molecular nitrogen. Unlike Earth's atmosphere, however, Titan's contains only small traces of oxygen and water. Another molecule, methane, plays a similar role to that of water in Earth's atmosphere, and makes up about 2 percent of Titan's atmosphere. Scientists have speculated that the atmosphere of this moon may resemble that of our planet in its early days, before primitive living organisms enriched it with oxygen via photosynthesis.
When sunlight or highly energetic particles from Saturn's magnetic bubble hit the layers of Titan's atmosphere above about 600 miles (1,000 kilometers), the nitrogen and methane molecules there are broken up. This results in the formation of massive positive ions and electrons, which trigger a chain of chemical reactions, producing a variety of hydrocarbons -- a wide range of which have been detected in Titan's atmosphere. These reactions eventually lead to the production of carbon-based aerosols, large aggregates of atoms and molecules that are found in the lower layers of the haze that enshrouds Titan, well below 300 miles (500 kilometers). The process is similar to Earth, where smog starts with sunlight breaking up hydrocarbons that are emitted into the air. The resulting pieces recombine to form more complex molecules.
Aerosols in Titan's lower haze have been studied using data from the descent of the European Space Agency's Huygens probe, which reached the surface in 2005, but their origin remained unclear. New studies analyzing data from Cassini's visual and infrared mapping spectrometer (VIMS) gathered in July and August 2007 might solve the problem. One new study of Titan's upper atmosphere in the Astrophysical Journal describes the detection of the PAHs, which are large carbon-based molecules that form from the aggregation of smaller hydrocarbons.
"We can finally confirm that PAHs play a major role in the production of Titan's lower haze, and that the chemical reactions leading to the formation of the haze start high up in the atmosphere," said this paper's lead author Manuel Lopez-Puertas from the Astrophysics Institute of Andalucia in Granada, Spain. "This finding is surprising: we had long suspected that PAHs and aerosols were linked in Titan's atmosphere, but didn't expect we could prove this with current instruments."
The team of scientists had been studying the emission from various molecules in Titan's atmosphere when they stumbled upon a peculiar feature in the data. One of the characteristic lines in the spectrum -- from methane emissions -- had a slightly anomalous shape, and the scientists suspected it was hiding something.
Bianca Maria Dinelli from the Institute of Atmospheric Sciences and Climate (part of the National Research Council) in Bologna, Italy, was the lead author of a related paper in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. They and their colleagues conducted a painstaking investigation to identify the chemical species responsible for the anomaly. The additional signal was found only during daytime, so it clearly had something to do with solar irradiation.
"The central wavelength of this signal, about 3.28 microns, is typical for aromatic compounds -- hydrocarbon molecules in which the carbon atoms are bound in ring-like structures," said Dinelli.
The scientists tested whether the unidentified emission could be produced by benzene, the simplest aromatic compound consisting of one ring only, which had been detected earlier in Titan's atmosphere. However, the relatively low abundances of benzene are not sufficient to explain the emission that had been observed.
After they ruled out benzene, the scientists tried to reproduce the observed emission with the more complex PAHs. They checked their data against the NASA Ames PAH Infrared Spectral Data Base. And they were successful: the data can be explained as emission by a mixture of many different PAHs, which contain an average of 34 carbon atoms and about 10 rings each.
"PAHs are very efficient in absorbing ultraviolet radiation from the sun, redistributing the energy within the molecule and finally emitting it at infrared wavelengths," said co-author Alberto Adriani from the Institute for Space Astrophysics and Planetology at Italy's National Institute for Astrophysics (INAF) in Rome.  They are part of the Cassini-VIMS co-investigators team and started this investigation. They manage the team that collected and processed VIMS data.
These hydrocarbons also are peculiarly capable of sending out profuse amounts of infrared radiation even in the rarefied environment of Titan's upper atmosphere, where the collisions between molecules are not very frequent. The molecules are themselves an intermediate product, generated when radiation from the sun ionizes smaller molecules in the upper atmosphere of Titan that then coagulate and sink.
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, ESA and Italy's ASI space agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory manages the Cassini-Huygens mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington DC, USA. The visual and infrared mapping spectrometer team is based at the University of Arizona, Tucson. The California Institute of Technology in Pasadena manages JPL for NASA.
News Media Contact
Jia-Rui C. Cook 818-354-0850Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.jccook@jpl.nasa.govMarkus Bauer 011-31-71-565-6799European Space Agency, Noordwijk, the Netherlandsmarkus.bauer@esa.int2013-188
As the 45th President it is natural to compare Trump to others. They have been compared to Andrew Jackson for their populist policies, to Reagan for their popularity with Republicans, and of course with Obama as the President before him. The closest and most accurate comparison however is with Abraham Lincoln.
Court Troubles
Early on in their presidency both Presidents tried to pass executive orders that they deemed necessary for national security. In both cases the judge or judges in question were criticized as being partisan hacks for taking such controversial positions. The administrations also appealed both cases and were denied by various judges.
There is no need to rehash the Trump case except to say that if the standards of Washington V Trump were applied to previous cases Obamacare would have been impossible to declare a tax and would have been declared unconstitutional and it would be very hard to pass any new gun control bills given the campaign rhetoric of the Democrats. In the time of Lincoln the case was called “Ex parte Merryman”. Due to the events in the south President Lincoln attempted to remove the writ of habeas corpus in certain areas so they could make sure conscription went thru without any problems. The courts decided that it was only congress who could declare this and that even if the congress was in recess the President could not do it in the interim. This of course presented a problem to Lincoln as they needed troops for the war that was about to start.
Trump and Lincoln diverged on one important point though. When faced with the resistance of the courts Trump obeyed and went thru the system. When faced with the same resistance Lincoln ignored the courts. Merryman was not produced until much later on after an official request from congress.
Acting Community
When Trump got elected the acting community were very much against him. The Golden Globes was filled with anti-trump rhetoric and various actors who may have stated how much discrimination they have faced by coming out in support of Trump. Snoop Dogg has recently even threatened to kill President Trump. President Lincoln also had a problem with the thespians. They were assassinated while watching a play by John Wilkes Booth a respected actor at that time.
Protectionism
President Trump has been the only President in modern history to champion protectionism. A good case can be made that it was not beneficial to the country before when nobody else could compete with us since they were destroyed by war. An equally good case can be made now that these other countries have caught up and provide more serious competition so we need to protect our vital industries. The g20 even dropped opposition to protectionism in their statement after meeting with representatives from the Trump administration.
Lincoln also ran as a protectionist. The 1860 Republican platform was very focused on protectionism and in fact one of the cabinet members of the administration said that without protectionism the Lincoln administration would have failed early on. This made sense as well as the industrial north had a lot of competition world wide and needed to be nourished. Both Trump and Lincoln focused on the benefits of having the companies here as opposed to other countries and the employment opportunities they bring.
Slavery
Both Trump and Lincoln are determined to combat slavery. Both face heavy resistance from the Democrats. The only difference seems to be that Lincoln sought to free the black slaves which have been imported from Africa and other countries while Trump seeks to free the brown slaves that have been imported from South and Central America. President Trump even goes one step further and is actively seeking to repatriate the slaves back to their home countries. At most Lincoln was only attempting to free the slaves in name after which they would go into wage slavery to their former masters.
Polarization
As things stand most Republicans love Trump and most Democrats hate him. Democrats mock Trump while Republicans appreciate what they are trying to do. This was the exact same situation Lincoln was in. They were mocked by southern newspapers as Trump is mocked by liberal ones now and there were numerous instances where they were burned in effigy. Things got so bad that the southern eventually seceded. Today we have rumblings in California pushing for the same kind of secession.
The partisanship is reflected in approval polls as well with republicans supporting Trump at around 90% and democrats supporting them at around 5% showing low overall numbers. While polling was not that developed yet during the time of Lincoln it would be difficult to imagine them having high numbers early on in their presidency with the south seceding and Robert Lee winning victory after victory.
The Russia thing has parallels as well. It is no secret that slave labor was an integral part to the cotton industry. The removal of it would make it a lot harder for cotton to compete worldwide. There was speculation that Lincoln was pursuing this due to foreign influences as the colonies of other countries could make up for the lost cotton production. Russia entered this discussion as well as they had just conquered parts of Central Asia suitable for growing cotton.
Deep State
Everyone knows that Trump is having difficulty with some entrenched parts of the beaurocracy. They would rather enact the agenda of Obama and the Democrats as opposed to those of the democratically elected President. This led to Trump firing multiple diplomats and senior government officials so they can appoint their own.
A lesser known fact is that Lincoln faced the same challenge that Trump did. When Lincoln came in they got rid of 70% of the senior officials at the time. They simply could not trust many of the current employees as they still had loyalties to the south and the Democrats. Both situations were handled in the exact same way by both leaders.
History
Lincoln was not terribly popular during their term. In fact there were some instances when the war was going badly when there was open talk of Lincoln being replaced by another person willing to broker peace. Decades later they are remembered as one of the greatest Presidents. Time will tell of course but the Trump presidency is passing many of the same landmarks and trails that the Lincoln one did.
Advertisements
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Sasha Obama, from left, President Barack Obama, Malia Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive at Hickam Air Force Base in Honolulu on Saturday, December 19. Hide Caption 1 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii A motorcade takes the Obama family to a hike on Sunday, December 20, in Honolulu. Hide Caption 2 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii A motorcade takes the Obama family to a hike in Honolulu on Sunday. Hide Caption 3 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Members of the Secret Service ride in the motorcade with the Obama family Sunday. Hide Caption 4 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii People wait for a chance to see Barack and Michelle Obama as they dine at Morimoto restaurant in Honolulu on Sunday. Hide Caption 5 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama leaves U.S. Marine Corps Base Hawaii in an armored vehicle on Monday, December 21, on the island of Oahu. Hide Caption 6 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama arrives on the 18th hole of the Mid Pacific Country Club's golf course December 21 in Kailua. Hide Caption 7 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii First lady Michelle Obama waves to audience members while President Obama speaks to Marines, their loved ones and others on Christmas Day at Marine Corps Base Hawaii. Hide Caption 8 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii First lady Michelle Obama listens while President Obama speaks to Marines, their loved ones and others to celebrate the holidays on Christmas Day at Marine Corps Base Hawaii. Hide Caption 9 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama leaves Island Snow with Hawaiian shave ice after a visit to the beach on Sunday, December 27, in Kailua. Hide Caption 10 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama talks with their daughter Malia while stopping for shave ice at Island Snow. Hide Caption 11 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama gestures for quiet on the 18th green at the Mid Pacific Country Club golf course on Monday, December 28, in Kailua. Hide Caption 12 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama tips their hat after finishing the 18th hole at the Mid Pacific Country Club golf course. Hide Caption 13 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama golfs with longtime friends and former schoolmates from Hawaii: Bobby Titcomb, from left, Obama, Mike Ramos and Greg Orme walk on the 18th green. Secret Service agents are in the background. Hide Caption 14 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii The President walks with their daughters and other members of their family during a visit to the Honolulu Zoo on Saturday, January 2. Hide Caption 15 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama and their daughter Malia walk during a visit to the Honolulu Zoo on January 2. Hide Caption 16 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii Obama and their daughter Malia enjoy the Honolulu Zoo on January 2. Hide Caption 17 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii The President and first lady wave before boarding Air Force One to return home on January 2. Hide Caption 18 of 20
Photos: The Obamas' Christmas in Hawaii The family returns to the White House on Sunday, January 3. Hide Caption 19 of 20
The foreign interference that may have influenced the U.S. election should not deter Canada and other countries from embracing online voting, says the former head of the U.S. National Security Agency.
Retired U.S. general Keith Alexander, speaking at a defence industry trade show in Ottawa, also said it is important the Canadian military have some kind of offensive cyber capacity, even if that ability is limited.
Their remarks came on the same day Elections Canada began asking for high-tech industry feedback on the introduction of sophisticated digital voting systems.
There is no going back to a manual voting system, Alexander said in an interview with CBC News following their remarks to defence contractors, in which they warned that both government and private sector networks are vulnerable to a rising tide of "destructive" cyberattacks.
"We are not protecting to the level we should be. We've got to do better," said Alexander, who is now CEO and president of IronNet Cybersecurity. "We've got to create a defensive framework that is more comprehensive than what we have today and I think you do too."
Hacking related to elections has been a growing global threat since 2008, but the use of leaked data to affect the outcome of those elections — as has been alleged in last fall's U.S. presidential election — is new.
Alexander wouldn't comment on the political storm in Washington over allegations that U.S. President Donald Trump's campaign was given a boost by Russian hacking and interference.
It is something the special investigator, retired FBI director Bob Mueller, will examine, Alexander said.
The U.S. experience is something to learn from, they said, but it should not make countries like Canada leery of e-voting.
"You can create a system where people can authenticate and vote online," said Alexander, who in addition to running the NSA during the Edward Snowden leaks, was also head of the U.S. military's cyber command.
"I think that's where we're going to go. People say there are so many issues with that. No. We should do this."
Not ready for online voting
As part of the new mandate of the minister of democratic reform, the Liberal government is exploring how to make the country's electoral system cyber safe for the upcoming 2019 election.
Separately, Elections Canada is exploring the possibility of replacing its entire internally built e-registration system, or acquiring an alternative system with "one or more solutions" that can be married with the current system, said the request for information notice, posted Thursday on the government's procurement site.
"This project's goal is to provide a system that will enhance electors' ability to register to vote, confirm their registration online or update their registered information in a way that will meet performance and monitoring objectives."
Elections Canada has said in the past that online voting would not be available in the next federal election.
Offensive cyber capability
Separately, Alexander spoke to the audience on Thursday about the evolving cyber threat posed by nations and so-called non-state actors whose attacks have escalated from merely disruptive a few years ago to destructive in terms of data loss.
NATO recently put the finishing touches on its cyber defence strategy and there was vigorous debate through the process about whether the alliance and individual countries should have the capacity to conduct offensive operations in the online world. It is an issue that was debated as the Liberal government drew up its yet-to-be-released defence policy review.
"Should Canada have offensive cyber capability? I believe so," said Alexander. "The question is: under what rules should it be employed?"
They said the military might not have to go as far as to develop cyber weapons. It may choose to simply have the capability of "turning off an attack" — the response does not have to "be destructive in nature," they said.
Tomatoes produce the bioactive compounds lycopene and α-tomatine that are reported to have potential health-promoting effects in animals and humans, but our understanding of the roles of these compounds in the diet is incomplete. Our current knowledge gained from the chemistry and analysis of these compounds in fresh and processed tomatoes and from studies on their bioavailability, bioactivity, and mechanisms of action against cancer cells and other beneficial bioactivities including antibiotic, anti-inflammatory, antioxidative, cardiovascular, and immunostimulating effects in cells, animals, and humans is discussed and interpreted here. Areas for future research are also suggested. The collated information and suggested research might contribute to a better understanding of the agronomical, biochemical, chemical, physiological, molecular, and cellular bases of the health-promoting effects and facilitate and guide further studies needed to optimize the use of lycopene and α-tomatine in pure form and in fresh tomatoes and processed tomato products to help prevent or treat human disease.
Former Tennessee standout running back Jalen Hurd is making a visit to the University of Louisville.
Per three sources, Hurd will be on campus this weekend.
The 6-foot-4, 240-pound Hurd left Tennessee's team in October with the intent to transfer. As a draft-eligible player, Hurd ponders the idea of entering the NFL Draft but has opted to transfer.
One source told Cardinal Authority that Hurd has expressed an interest in playing tight end at the school they pick. They have also visited Ohio State and California and Oregon is also reportedly interested.
A former U.S. Army All-American and four-star prospect, Hurd was on pace at Tennessee to become the school's all-time leading rusher.
In their three seasons in Knoxville, Hurd amassed for 2,635 yards and 20 touchdowns in 33 games. They also had 67 receptions for 492 yards and six scores. As a junior, Hurd had 451 yards rushing and five total touchdowns in seven games.
Hurd will have to sit out the 2017 season per the NCAA transfer rules. He's originally from Hendersonville, Tenn.
Gareth Bale tells Arsenal: I'll be out to stop you going top of the Premier League
Gareth Bale has warned Arsenal they will do all they can to stop them topping the Premier League table.
Time to celebrate: Gareth Bale netted twice against Blackburn
The Tottenham star is in the form of their life ahead of Saturday's meeting with the Gunners, with eight goals from 19 matches.
And Arsene Wenger's side will leapfrog Chelsea with a win at the Emirates but that's something the Welshman cannot contemplate - especially as a Spurs victory would propel them into the top five.
The White Hart Lane outfit have been plagued by Premier League inconsistency this season but Arsenal have suffered shock home defeats to West Brom and Newcastle, a fact not lost on Bale who insisted: 't will be a massive test obviously away at Arsenal but we'll be ready for it.
'We need to win every game we play at the moment. We're good enough to beat anybody and we've shown that in the past.'
Bale netted two goals in last weekend's 4-2 defeat of Blackburn and added: 'It was important we got that victory before the derby, just to get the winning feeling back after a recent poor run in the league.
'If we do get the first goal in matches, then we look quite comfortable. It was important to get ourselves kick-started again. The Champions League is coming around next week, so we want to build on that.
Last time out: Gareth Bale nets for Tottenham in their Premier League defeat of Arsenal last season
'It has been difficult for me recently when teams have had two players marking me.
'In a way I've got to try to find another way to get past them. I did that against Blackburn and I was delighted.
'There's been a lot of stuff said about me - but I try to keep myself away from that.'
Although specifics weren't provided, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un joined their counterpart to the south in promising to rid the Korean Peninsula of nuclear weapons.
The vow to create a “nuclear-free Korean Peninsula through complete denuclearization” came during the Koreas' historic summit between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late April, and just before a much-anticipated meeting between Kim and U.S. President Trump.
“I feel like I'm firing a flare at the starting line in the moment of (the two Koreas) writing a new history in North-South relations, peace and prosperity,” Kim told Moon.
Kim is the first known member of their family's dynasty to set foot on South Korean soil since 1953. There, at least in front of cameras, their rhetoric drastically changed since they engaged in a war of words with Trump throughout the first year of the U.S. president's time in the White House. (Kim called Trump a “dotard;” Trump called the North Korean leader “short and fat.”)
Since Kim took over North Korea in 2011, the regime rapidly expanded and tested its missile arsenal with weapons capable of striking the U.S. mainland. Their end goal, they once said, was to "establish the equilibrium of real force with the U.S. and make the U.S. rulers dare not talk about military options” for the North.
Read on for a brief look at how North Korea's nuclear weapons program has grown throughout the regimes in the past century.
Kim Il Sung, leader from 1948-1994
Kim Il Sung can be credited with founding North Korea and propelling the nation's nuclear program forward — but they did not live to see their country conduct its first nuclear test.
It was under the first Kim that North Korea began to build up its nuclear reactors. And it was under their leadership that the nation began the Korean War — surely a catalyst that led the leader to believe their nation needed nuclear weapons, Dr. Sung-Yoon Lee, the Kim Koo-Korea Foundation Professor of Korean Studies at the Fletcher School at Tufts University, told Fox News in an interview.
TRUMP'S COMMENTS ON NORTH KOREA, FROM ‘FIRE AND FURY' TO BLAMING CHINA
“The seeds of nuclear aspirations were sown in the Korean War,” Lee said.
The Korean War pitted North Korea and its ally China — two nations that did not have nuclear capabilities at the time — against a nuclear-armed U.S., making it “clear to the first Kim that nuclear weapons are very powerful, a powerful deterrent,” Lee said.
Kim Jong Il, leader from 1994-2011
When the second leader of the Kim dynasty died in 2011, Kim Jong Il was remembered as the “dictator who turned North Korea into a nuclear state,” in their New York Times obituary.
And it's Kim Jong Il that really “gets the credit of taking the country down the nuclear path," Lee said.
In the beginning of their reign — they were North Korea's supreme leader from 1994 to 2011 — North Korea denied that it had a nuclear weapons program.
TIMELINE OF NORTH KOREAN MISSILE LAUNCHES IN 2017
However, in 2003, Pyongyang announced that North Korea was withdrawing from the 1968 Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, which barred the nation from making nuclear weapons.
By 2005, North Korea confirmed that it had its own nuclear weapons. It tested its first nuclear device in 2006.
Kim Jong-un, leader from 2011-present
Kim Jong-un is credited with accelerating North Korea's push for nuclear weapons, and under the Obama administration, many of the world's attitudes toward the East Asian nation's nuclear capabilities became less blasé than in the past, Lee said.
Kim Jong-un also crossed a major threshold for their country in the summer of 2017 — the ability to credibly threaten the U.S. with an intercontinental ballistic missile.
In 2017, North Korea successfully tested its longest-ever flight of a ballistic missile. The intermediate-range weapon traveled 3,700 miles and passed over Japan before it landed in the Pacific. The country also tested its most powerful nuclear test to date this year.
After the missile test, Kim Jong-un said North Korea is nearing “equilibrium” with the U.S. in terms of its military force.
The increasingly frequent and aggressive tests added to outside fears that North Korea is closer than ever to building a military arsenal that could viably target the mainland of the U.S. or its allies in Asia.
Calling Kim Jong-un “Rocket Man,” Trump said in 2017 the dictator is on a “suicide mission for themselves and for their regime.”
“The United States has great strength and patience,” Trump said. “But if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea.”
But 2018 brought a dramatic turn of events after they declared in a stark New Year's address that a nuclear launch button is “always on my table.” Kim Jong-un offered to meet with Trump and became the first known member of their family's dynasty to set foot in South Korea since 1953. At the historic summit with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, both leaders pushed for peace and would work toward a “nuclear-free Korean Peninsula.”
However, neither leader provided any specific measures or seemed to forge a potential breakthrough on the issue that has captivated and terrified many, especially since last year.
Before Trump canceled a much-anticipated meeting with Kim Jong-un, North Korea said it demolished what it claimed to be its nuclear test site, setting off several explosions over the course of a few hours in the presence of foreign journalists.
The planned closing of the Punggye-ri site was previously announced, but it's unclear if another facility could be used to continue the country's nuclear weapons program. Yongbyon nuclear complex, located about 64 miles north of Pyongyang, has a new reactor that could produce weapons-grade plutonium. Pyongyang insists is being used to produce electricity for its citizens.
Trump ultimately rejected Kim Jong-un's invitation to a June meeting in Singapore, citing North Korea's "open hostility."
Fox News' Edmund DeMarche, Ryan Gaydos and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Atlanta Lindy Exchange 2009
“I only dance when I've been drinking,” is one of those phrases every social dancer had heard when attempting to encourage a friend to come learn how to dance. It's not the same as saying, “I don't dance,” which is a mere acknowledgment that dancing is something one does not enjoy (or thinks they will not enjoy). To qualify the necessity for alcohol often implies that one may like to express oneself through movement, but has difficulty dealing with the self-perceived embarrassment. Such people may fear allowing themselves to feel silly, unless they are under the influence of a substance that can reduce that anxiety. But learning to be silly, together and fully aware, and to move our bodies to music in ways that evoke powerful emotions of love and life, can grant people freedom to create and enjoy the art form known as dancing.
This isn't to say social dancers don't drink, or that many of the dances we have today weren't inspired by alcohol or other drugs. The swing dance era of the roaring 1920's and 30's took place in speakeasys and dance halls filled with people from all walks of life, from the working class, to the highly respectable, and even the dregs of the unsavory. Dancing comes about from a vast number of different muses and inspirations. Musicians, artists, gangsters, farmers and blue collar workers all bring their own flavor of inspiration and style to the way they move their bodies when given that solid beat.
The Peak
Alcohol is not likely to help someone dance better if they only dance while drinking. However for the seasoned dancer, it can help to relax the overactive and over-analytical mind, as well as loosen up muscles and stiff frames. In the engineering world, there is the famous mythos of the Ballmer Peak. A reference to Steve Ballmer, former CEO of Microsoft, and popularized by internet memes, the Ballmer Peak is the narrow blood alcohol level range at which an engineer has consumed the right amount of booze to gain significant abilities in creativity and coding.
For many dancers, the range of acceptable levels of intoxication to aid in dance, is significantly greater than the narrow band required for engineering software. Of course, dancing is easier and more forgiving that the hard world of code or mathematics. While engineering things can be fun and rewarding, it is cognitively intensive and incredibly frustrating. People can have a bad dance, either with a partner or in a group, when they fail to form a connection. But those frustrations are momentary. The right amount of alcohol can ease those frustrations, invent new form or movement within them, and find ways to make a dance enjoyable; to laugh and find humor and love within silliness. Too much alcohol can have people falling over each other, frustrating sober friends or saying things one may later regret. Like all other things in life involving alcohol, knowing one's limits is essential.
Large Personalities and Late Night Clubs
If one enters a bar or club with a large group of friends and a crowded dance floor, the barrier to dancing is quite low. Dark rooms, colorful lights and carefully formulated modern pop music add to the energy which builds to the point where it must be danced out. However, if the dance floor is empty, the barrier is higher. Sometimes it is the inebriated whose lack of inhibitions leads them to be the first out on the floor, but more often than not, it's simply those with loud, uninhibited and flamboyant personalities.
Whether its the good old boy farmer and car dealership owner, or the birthday tiara wearing, colorful, “take your shirt off” wild girl, bright people have a gravity in their personalities that pulls everyone in their wake. It does not matter if they've zero drinks or five, because they seemingly have no fear of embarrassment. They embrace music, dance, their own bodies and expression. It only takes one or two, and then five, then twenty and eventually the floor is flooded by souls hypnotized by samples of Iggy Pop used in some drum and bass remix of that terrible Taylor Swift song (you know the one; don't pretend you don't).
Like a Child
It's not terribly difficult to get children to dance. The shy ones might only dance around their family or people they know, but once you get some music playing, it's not long before you can get kids moving. Dancing is fun, and young people rarely have a fear of silliness. We often encourage children to embrace that playfulness as a way for them to learn and grow, before taming that wild flailing into controlled movements, polite dinner conversation and retirement plans.
What we can learn from that childlike awe is that dancing should, at its heart and core, be fun. In a way alcohol, especially in excess, can allow people to revisit those uninhibited parts of their youth. It can release those fears and self-consciousness tendencies, and can help people embrace the joy of not being afraid of their own bodies.
Learning and Listening
Going to dance classes will not teach you how to dance, but it will help you learn the basics. It starts with a foundation of learning basic beats and moves which, while immensely helpful, shouldn't be constraining like the strict forms of ballroom. Breaking out of the basics involves immersing yourself in the music. It's learning how to connect with dance partners, and creating a conversation using those basic structures as a guide.
Social dance classes allow people to experience something new in a room full of peers; people who are also there to enjoy themselves and have fun. It's in this environment that people ask questions and learn together. With dancers from all backgrounds, skill levels and ages, the barrier to embarrassment, though still present, is diminished.
Dancing often involves combing music, movement and emotion. It challenges our fear of embarrassment, as to participate, one must be willing to look silly. Some feel as if they can only be motivated after a few adult beverages hit their blood stream, yet alcohol need not be a necessity to musicality and movement. A few dance classes, in various forms and genres, can help build a framework for being comfortable with moving to the music. Of course classes are not required to take to the floor, sober or inhibited, as creating one's own patterns with their bodies is the origin of dance. Alcohol in moderation can reduce inhibition for the reluctant or add enjoyment for the already comfortable dancer. However, when you remove the drinks and are faced with music and a dance floor, the only real hindrance is confidence.
Coaching stability and a chance to play for a national title on home turf brought out the best in the UBC women's soccer program in 2015.
On Sunday, the Thunderbirds, who had gone through four coaches in four seasons and who hadn't been to the CIS championship tournament since 2010, finished off the campaign in style.
The ‘Birds, under first-year head coach Marisa Kovacs, dominated Canada West rival Trinity Western University for most of the 90 minutes at Thunderbird Stadium, dispatching the Spartans 3-0 before about 1,000 fans on a chilly night on the Point Grey campus. It was UBC's record sixth CIS title, breaking a tie with TWU, the 2012 and 2013 champions.
----
CLICK HERE to view more photos or if you are on a mobile app, tap the photo and swipe
----
“Oh my gosh, I can't even put it into words,” a beaming Krista Whittaker, a fifth-year centre back from Nanaimo, said shortly after the final whistle. “I don't know if I'm supposed to yell, if I'm going to cry ...”
Whittaker was a stalwart on a dominant back line for a ‘Birds team that finished the season with a 19-1-3 record overall and didn't allow a goal in three tournament games, including a 2-0 semifinal win Saturday over the University of Sherbrooke.
“We really gelled this last little while,” said “Whittaker. “We weren't OK with anyone getting in dangerous areas. We wanted every ball. We wanted every header. We wanted a shutout every single game.”
Goalkeeper Olivia de Goede, who made two big saves in the final, recorded the three tournament shutouts for 12 on the season. The Victoria native, who didn't play a single CIS game in four years at the University of Victoria, became a starter in their only season at UBC.
“Not bad, eh,” said de Goede of going out a champion. “Not a bad ratio. It feels so good to do it with this team. I've only been here a short while, but I instantly bonded with this group. It feels so good to finally play and to finally win gold.”
It was the ‘Birds most decisive win of the season over TWU. They beat the Spartans 2-0 early in the regular-season, drew 0-0 on the final weekend and won 1-0 a week ago in the Canada West final in Saskatoon.
First-half goals by fullback Madison Guy and winger Shayla Chorney off a terrific cross by Jasmin Dhanda gave UBC all the cushion it would need. Taylor Shannik completed the scoring in the 65th minute when their corner kick from the left curled directly to TWU ‘keeper Ally Williamson, who spilled the ball into their own goal.
Kovacs replaced former Canadian national team standout Andrea Neil, who quit after just two years at the helm. Neil got the job in controversial fashion after Marc Rizzardo was initially given the job to replace Mark Rodgers, only to have it taken away after one day. They later won a settlement from the university after a human rights complaint.
By on
Libraries Online Incorporated (LION), a consortium of twenty-five Connecticut public, academic, and school libraries, has imposed a moratorium on the purchase of ebooks from Random House. The action, which was unanimously approved by LION members on March 20, is in response to the March 1 price hike put in place by Random House that doubled and sometimes tripled the price of ebooks for libraries.
Under Random House's new pricing policy, an ebook that would have cost the LION consortium $35 to purchase through OverDrive on February 29 cost them $105 on March 1, according to Richard Conroy, the president of LION.
“A private individual can purchase the ebook edition of that same book through Amazon for $17.99, which LION consortium members felt made Random House's decision to raise prices for libraries both discriminatory and totally arbitrary,” Conroy said in a statement emailed to LJ.
Conroy has written a letter to Random House informing the company of the decision.
“The LION consortium feels strongly that it is important for libraries to take a stand against this unfair practice and its disproportionate impact on library users,” Conroy said.
The action is similar to the boycott launched earlier this week by the South Shore Public Libraries in Nova Scotia.
“I don't want to pick a fight with them, but their pricing's unfair and I think they need to change it,” Troy Myers, the chief librarian, told the Herald News.
Random House could not be reached for comment but Stuart Applebaum, a company spokesperson, has previously said that “Understandably, every library will have its own perspective on this topic, and we are prepared to listen, learn, and adapt as appropriate.”
The first issue of Rock Scene magazine hit the stands before I'd blown out a single birthday candle. Thirty something years later, I still hadn't thumbed through an issue. A long overdue introduction finally got underway thanks to a deep dig through a delightfully jam-packed Los Angeles garage. Being far more interested in punk fanzines than commercial rock mags, I probably would've ignored Rock Scene had the Ramones not graced a couple covers. What elevated Rock Scene above other 70's rock rags (Hit Parader, Creem, Circus) was their wholehearted embrace of punk in its earliest formations. Every issue was packed full of non-stop photography from the likes of Richard Creamer, Bob Gruen, Leee Black Childers, Roberta Bayley and Stephanie Chernikowski. Truth be told though, it was the appearances by ridiculously obscure groups (O. Rex, Max Load, Freestone, Zolar X) in the "New Bands" section that really hooked me all these years later. Mix in a serious childhood KISS obsession, and my collecting of Rock Scene issues quickly reached fever pitch. I had to have 'em all!
RockScenester is an extreme labor of love. The amount of time I've spent putting the site together should become obvious once you've flipped through a few issues below. My hope is that RockScenester will serve as a resource for fans and collectors and people looking for new ways to procrastinate or plunge work productivity to new lows. I figure now is also a fine time to introduce Rock Scene to a whole new crowd and to give the "remember when" crowd another ride on the wayback machine while I'm at it. The accolades garnered by my Star magazine site earlier this year definitely inspired me to saddle up and tackle this one, an undertaking literally ten times the scale: 54 issues! Every single issue from 1973 through 1982 has been scanned cover to cover and made available here. Out-of-pocket expenses for creating RockScenester ran nearly $1500, dwarfing the not-insignificant outlay for Star1973. Soliciting donations or accepting advertising or even making the site subscription-based all seemed like reasonable propositions. Still, I've managed to avoid such pitfalls with all my other sites so starting now seemed like a drag.
If you can dig it (I knew that you could), please show some appreciation by hyping RockScenester elsewhere online. Facebook, Twitter and Google widgets can be found below. If you really wanna show some love, kick some referrals my way! I'm a rabid collector of 70's and early 80's punk rock records, fliers, fanzines and photos. If you know someone selling their collection, please send 'em to my want list page and encourage 'em to e-mail me. I'm also after all things Rock Scene related... original shirts, decals, stationery, whatever.
And finally a few THANKS are in order. Thanks to my friend Allison for spending hours meticulously recreating the original hand-drawn Rock Scene logo. Thanks to Minnie at CSS Bakery for the elegant grid coding below. A particularly big thanks to Jacqueline for helping this johnny-come-lately complete their Rock Scene collection in record time. Richard Robinson... Lisa Robinson... I'd love to hear from y'all sometime!
Ryan Richardson
Austin, Texas
8.13.2011
A post-script about the watermarked pages... sometimes extracting a li'l common courtesy online can be difficult. Some web denizens don't even bother tipping their hats — not so much as a link — to sources of copied content and so watermarks become necessary. Hell, I even discovered one dirtbag selling CD-R's on eBay comprised entirely of images downloaded from my paperback sites! Don't get me wrong, I'm down with re-blogging and sharing. I just want a little credit for my efforts.
If 9/11 was a test of America's national character, we failed it. As distant as this possibility seems now, Americans of all creeds, colors and political affiliations felt united for a few weeks after the collapse of the Twin Towers. Yes, that soon gave way to jingoism, to strip-mall attacks on presumed Muslims and to the invasion of Afghanistan, which even a cursory, Cliffs Notes history of the Near East will tell you is the place where empires go to die.
But bear with me for a moment here. For any New Yorker who lived through that time, those weeks of trauma and communal mourning remain a key event in one's personal relationship to the city. I can remember the mounds of white dust inside the storefronts near Ground Zero. I can remember when every Urdu-speaking cab driver and Cantonese-speaking shopkeeper sported an American flag. I can remember the NYPD bagpipe choir marching through the mists of Broadway early one morning, in memory of their fallen brothers. Those images and many more, like especially lucid dreams, will be with me until I die.
Advertisement:
If the attacks themselves seemed like a latter-day Pearl Harbor, a call to unified national purpose, it soon became apparent that there was no purpose around which we could unite. The “war on terror” had no clear enemy, no clear goals and no conceivable end point. There was no Berlin to capture, no Wehrmacht troops who could surrender and go home to lead peaceful lives. Although the war may be endless, a great victory has already been won: the victory over democracy by the “imperial executive” and the forces of the “deep state,” a new form of soft totalitarianism more cleverly disguised than the older and more obvious ones. A democratic government is supposed to operate with the consent of the governed. When the governed are conditioned by fear, bathed in paranoid propaganda and offered only one choice – trust us to keep you safe, or face the wrath of a world that hates you – consent becomes a matter of instinct, or pathological compulsion.
The years that followed 9/11 have been closer to a latter-day Vietnam than to World War II, although the widespread social discord of the Vietnam era has played out less visibly, this time around, in the submerged arena of national psychology or the national soul. These years have revealed us as a nation of weakness and fear rather than one of strength and fortitude. You know those oft-parodied signs from the Battle of Britain, the ones that say “Keep Calm and Carry On”? Well, the Brits pretty much did that in 1940, while undergoing a sustained terror-bombing campaign that killed at least 40,000 civilians within four months. What would our version be? Cower in Terror and Keep on Buying Stuff? Rinse Daily in Misinformation and Denial?
We are a nation whose constitutional commitment to high-flown Enlightenment ideals is undermined by a vein of mendacity that too often makes the whole enterprise feel like an elaborate self-delusion. We have long been such a nation, maybe from the beginning. By day, Thomas Jefferson wrote passionate and glorious prose about the rights of man; by night, they pursued their manly privilege in the slave quarters. While the contemporary Democratic Party still tries to trace its lineage back to Jefferson's rhetoric and philosophy, their descendant in another direction is torture godfather Dick Cheney. While the onetime telephone company lineman and Wyoming town drunk may not have Jefferson's way with words or their classical education, they have resolved the Jeffersonian contradiction and overcome the Jeffersonian hypocrisy. He's like Darth Vader, revealing the true nature of Jefferson's Anakin Skywalker. Cheney has never pretended to believe in anything except power, and is untroubled by the fact that the “America” their methods are “keeping safe” bears no relationship to the one in the schoolbooks.
We got a peek under the curtain at the consequences of that national mendacity this week, with the release of a summary version of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on CIA torture of terror-war prisoners. It's a peek under the curtain at another curtain, we might say, since this was not the real committee report but a truncated and redacted highlights reel, whose release was opposed by the Obama White House, the Republican congressional leadership and of course the CIA itself. We should also remember that this report only addresses what the CIA did under its own auspices, and not what happened to detainees who were “rendered” to secret police in their home countries or other useful regimes.
I never suspected I would feel grateful to Sen. Dianne Feinstein for anything; she's an inveterate political opportunist and triangulator, and I can remember when, as mayor of San Francisco, they unleashed riot cops on protesters at the 1984 Democratic convention. (Those “punk rock protests” were a distant precursor, perhaps, to the street-level direct action of the 21st century, including what's happening right now.) But it's fair to say that Feinstein has always believed in the rule of law (however capaciously understood), and they have evidently been troubled all along by the total disregard for all standards of law, morality and ethics evidenced by America's torture regime. With their career in public life nearing its end, Feinstein has chiseled an important crack in the cone of silence surrounding the torture issue, which virtually everyone else in and around the government – including all the leading 2016 presidential contenders – would rather not talk about.
There isn't much in the Senate committee's summary that qualifies as entirely new information, at least for those who've been following the currents of investigative reporting over the years since 9/11. But it makes disturbing, not to say nauseating reading: Detainees forced to stand on broken legs, or deprived of sleep for up to 180 hours, or shackled to an overhead bar 22 hours a day. Some commentaries on the summary report have tried to make the “rectal feeding and rehydration” to which several detainees were subjected sound like a medical procedure, when it's clear in context that it was used as a form of abuse and humiliation. If the entire concept sounds as if it had been borrowed from the "Human Centipede" series of horror films, you're on the right track. One unnamed interviewee quoted in the report, presumably a CIA interrogator, noted that having food or liquids forcibly introduced into one's rectum through a tube helped “clear a person's head.”
Advertisement:
At least 26 of the 119 prisoners who were held and tortured in secret CIA prisons should never have been detained in the first place, according to the report, and numerous others were later determined to pose no threat of violence or terrorist activity. But the question of whether the “right people” were tortured, or whether what was done to them produced any useful information in the hunt for Osama bin Laden or the campaign against al-Qaida, strikes me as a bit of a philosophical dead end. I don't mean that those questions have no value or should not be answered, and I understand why many people feel it is crucial to make the case that torture is not an effective or reliable way to extract information from prisoners. But what draws my attention more vividly is the corruption that spread throughout the American system from these relatively isolated acts conducted in secret.
Actually, that may be stating the central problem backwards or upside down. Torture is a symptom of America's cultural and political disease, not the disease itself, and the fact that we turned to torture so rapidly and willingly after a single spectacular terrorist attack is evidence of a generalized infection. When Darth Cheney opened their robes, in that infamous “Meet the Press” appearance five days after the 9/11 attacks, and invited us to join them on “the dark side,” we went willingly, even gratefully. It's not as if Cheney dissembled or tried to mislead anybody; say what you will about the guy, lying isn't really part of their M.O. “We've got to spend time in the shadows in the intelligence world,” they said. “A lot of what needs to be done here will have to be done quietly, without any discussion ... That's the world these folks operate in, and so it's going to be vital for us to use any means at our disposal, basically, to achieve our objective."
We can claim now that we didn't know what Cheney meant by “without any discussion” or “any means at our disposal,” but not to put too fine a point on it, that's bullshit. Sure, there were a handful of civil libertarians and lefty journalists who sounded the alarm, but most of us just nodded knowingly: It was a new world with new rules, and it came as a great relief to ditch the old-fashioned, unattainable ideal of American exceptionalism – the notion that we were special because we represented something new and revolutionary in human history. The new version of American exceptionalism is not based on any such delusions. Cheney set us free from the legacy of daylight Thomas Jefferson, who saw that the chattel slavery that made them rich was a curse that might never be expunged; free from the legacy of Lincoln at Gettysburg, or King on the National Mall. Screw government of the people, by the people and for the people. What a pain in the ass! If we're exceptional now, it's in an obvious and brutal way we can all get our heads around, because we've got the biggest guns and the most stuff. (That won't last, of course.)
In that light, I also think it's a mistake to depict the relatively contained torture regime of the Bush-Cheney administration as some kind of bizarre aberration that violated the norms of our post-9/11 national conduct. It's almost the opposite: Our torture policy distilled all the self-destructive and counterproductive policies of the “war on terror” into one unbearable image, a human body subjected to sadistic extremes of pain and abuse for undisclosed reasons or no reason at all, without even the pretense of due process or any recognition of their human rights. That goes along with a costly and disastrous invasion of a nation that had nothing to do with 9/11, and a successor president who has moved on from the threadbare legal arguments used to classify torture as non-torture to the breathtaking position that they hold the right to order the push-button execution of anyone in the world.
Advertisement:
In their series of articles on Dick Cheney and their legacy published in the New York Review of Books last winter, journalist and U.C. Berkeley professor Mark Danner observes that war architects like Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld appear blissfully unaware of a fact obvious to everyone else: Their Iraq invasion, meant to forge a Pax Americana in the Middle East and cow “rogue nations” into submission, has had exactly the opposite effect. It has exposed American military might as a paper tiger, possessed of the magical power to create more enemies in every country it touches, and has encouraged the rise of a new adversary, more sophisticated and culture-savvy than al-Qaida ever was. It has made us look both weak and evil.
Torture apologists fall into the same epistemological error -- and the same existential nihilism, you might say -- when they announce that they don't care how many eggs get broken as long as we are kept safe. (Then there's the wimpier, “moderate” Obama administration version, which is every bit as offensive: Without quite endorsing what did or did not happen, we're going to agree never to think about it again.) First of all, we're almost certainly less safe. More important than that, the criminal acts meant to keep us safe have stripped us bare before the whole world as a lawless and decadent empire that doesn't look as if it's worth saving.
In order to save democracy, the torturers had to destroy it. Somewhere in Nietzsche's discussion of "decadence," an important concept in their philosophy, they define it as a quality that leads people or societies to seek their own deterioration and destruction. (Nietzsche was certainly no fan of democracy, but they also noted that decadent societies were characterized by severe social and economic inequality and a lack of moral and intellectual leadership.) I don't suggest that Dick Cheney and their Fox News acolytes harbor a conscious death-wish; they lack the imagination and insight for that. But their nightmarish fantasies all point toward that outcome. It's as good an explanation of America's insane response to 9/11 as any. What kind of society produces physicians who will supervise waterboarding and “rectal feeding,” or psychologists who spin the supervision of a secret torture program into an $80 million government contract? What ideal of America is being preserved by such methods, and will it bear their mark forever?
Metcalf substation attack CCTV footage of the attack Location Santa Clara County, California , U.S. Date April 16, 2013 ; 5 years ago ( )
12:58 a.m. – 1:50 a.m. (UTC−07:00) Target PG&E Metcalf substation Attack type Sabotage Weapons 7.62×39mm rifles Deaths 0 Non-fatal injuries 0 Perpetrators Unknown No. of participants Multiple snipers
The Metcalf sniper attack was a "sophisticated" assault on Pacific Gas and Electric Company's Metcalf Transmission Substation located in Coyote, California, near the border of San Jose, on April 16, 2013, in which gunmen fired on 17 electrical transformers. The attack resulted in over $15 million worth of equipment damage, but had little impact on the station's electrical power supply.[1][2][3]
Assault [ edit ]
On the morning of April 16, 2013, a team[4] of gunmen, using rifles, opened fire[5] on the Metcalf Transmission Substation, severely damaging 17 transformers.[6]
Preparation [ edit ]
Prior to the attack, a series of fiber-optic telecommunications cables operated by AT&T were cut by the culprits. Additionally, following the attack, investigators found small piles of rocks near to where the shots had been fired, the type of formations that can be used to scout firing positions.[7][8]
Timeline [ edit ]
12:58 a.m. – AT&T fiber-optic telecommunications cables were cut not far from U.S. Route 101 just outside south San Jose.
1:07 a.m. – Some customers of Level 3 Communications, an Internet service provider, lost service. Cables in its vault near the Metcalf substation were also cut.
1:31 a.m. – A surveillance camera pointed along a chain-link fence around the substation recorded a streak of light that investigators from the Santa Clara County Sheriff's office think was a signal from a waved flashlight. It was followed by the muzzle flash of rifles and sparks from bullets hitting the fence.
1:37 a.m. – PG&E received an alarm from motion sensors at the substation, possibly from bullets grazing the fence.
1:41 a.m. – Santa Clara County Sheriff's department received a 911 call about gunfire, sent by an engineer at a nearby power plant that still had phone service.
1:45 a.m. – The first bank of transformers, riddled with bullet holes and having leaked 52,000 US gallons (200,000 l; 43,000 imp gal) of oil, overheated, whereupon PG&E's control center about 90 miles (140 km) north received an equipment-failure alarm.
1:50 a.m. – Another apparent flashlight signal, caught on film, marked the end of the attack. More than 100 expended 7.62×39mm cases were later found at the site.
1:51 a.m. – Law-enforcement officers arrived, but found everything quiet. Unable to get past the locked fence and seeing nothing suspicious, they left.
3:15 a.m. – A PG&E worker arrived to survey the damage.[7]
Sophistication of attack [ edit ]
Former Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Jon Wellinghoff stated that military experts informed them that the assault looked like a "professional job", noting that no fingerprints were discovered on the empty casings.[7] They have described the attack as "the most significant incident of domestic terrorism involving the grid that has ever occurred".[9]
Henry Waxman, a ranking member of the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce, stated that the attack was "an unprecedented and sophisticated attack on an electric grid substation with military-style weapons. Communications were disrupted. The attack inflicted substantial damage. It took weeks to replace the damaged parts. Under slightly different conditions, there could have been serious power outages or worse."[8]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Seventeen transformers were seriously damaged, requiring over $15 million worth of repairs. To avert a black-out, energy grid officials were forced to reroute power from nearby Silicon Valley based power plants.[2][10] While some nearby neighborhoods temporarily lost power, “the big users weren't even aware Metcalf had happened”, according to an expert from the Electric Power Research Institute.[1]
Both PG&E, the company which operated the transformers, and AT&T offered $250,000 rewards for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrators of the attack.[6][11]
In June 2014, PG&E announced that it intended to spend $100 million over a three-year span on upgrading security at substations throughout its territory, including the Metcalf location.[12]
A July 2014 report from the Congressional Research Service titled Physical Security of the U.S. Power Grid: High-Voltage Transformer Substations repeatedly cited the attack and noted that, "... in the wake of the Metcalf incident, the FERC has ordered the imposition of mandatory physical security standards (for substations) in 2014."[13][14]
Investigation [ edit ]
In October 2015, it was reported that the Department of Homeland Security had found indications that the attack may have been committed by "an insider".[15]
Precursor publications [ edit ]
In 2012, the National Research Council of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine published a declassified report prepared in 2007 for the United States Department of Homeland Security that highlighted the vulnerability of the national electric grid from damage to high voltage transformers.[16]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Controversial firebrand Ann Coulter's new book, “Adios, America,” argues that fettered immigration is destroying the country by driving down the salaries of the middle class while increasing their tax burden. And it's the elites on both sides — right and left — who are making it happen. An excerpt:
This is “Goodbye,” America. Adios. Paalam Na. No further warning will be issued.
For 40 years, the people have tried to tell politicians they want less immigration, but the politicians won't listen.
Every single elite group in America is aligned against the public — the media, ethnic activists, big campaign donors, Wall Street, multimillionaire farmers and liberal “churches.”
They all want mass immigration from the Third World to continue. Both political parties connive to grant illegal aliens citizenship and bring in millions more legally, and the media hide the evidence.
Their game plan is: Never allow an honest debate on immigration.
Only in the case of immigration is the public systematically lied to from every major news outlet. They tell us, for example:
Polls show the public overwhelmingly supports “comprehensive immigration reform.”
No poll shows this. The Left uses polls to manipulate public opinion, rather than quantify it. Typical is a Brookings Institution Poll that asked respondents to choose between two ways to solve the illegal immigration problem: “Arrest and deport all those who are here illegally” or “Provide an earned path to citizenship.” Absolutely no one has proposed that we deport all those here illegally — much less “arrest” them. But can't I be against amnesty without voting for rounding up illegals at gunpoint? No! Look at the menu — no substitutions!
Immigrants are doing jobs Americans just won't do.
Americans are perfectly happy to do all manner of jobs — they just won't do them for $7 an hour. Unions used to care about that, but now they just want political power. Democrats want the votes; certain business interests want the cheap labor. So both parties have conspired against the middle class.
Amnesty will be fantastic for the economy.
Unless we're talking about the Mexican economy, this is patently ridiculous. Adding another 30 million poor, unskilled, non-taxpaying, welfare-receiving people to America is good only for government workers and employers who refuse to mechanize their operations or pay Americans one dollar more.
Hispanics will never vote for Republicans unless they pass amnesty.
First of all, moron Republicans: If they can't vote, they can't vote against you. Second, Hispanics who are citizens don't care about amnesty! They're already in. They vote 8-2 for the Democrats because they like big government. In 2011, 73% of California Hispanics said they'd support a candidate who wanted to “secure the border first, stop illegal immigration, and then find a way to address the status of people already here illegally.” In a 2014 Univision poll, 58% chose “Require border security first” over “Pass immigration reform.”
Americans are under no moral obligation to grant amnesty to people who have broken our laws.
The American electorate isn't moving to the left — it's shrinking. No minds have been changed. Democrats just brought in a new group of voters whose minds don't need to be changed.
Back when Democrats still claimed to represent working Americans, they opposed illegal immigration. Since being taken over by the Far Left, all that matters to them is changing the electorate to one that doesn't mind liberal insanity.
A nation's immigration policies are at least as important as, say, going to war. But the media have decided that who gets to live in America is none of America's business.
The public can't be trusted with the truth. Go back to the kids' table. The grown-ups are deciding this. Anyone who challenges the elite consensus on immigration will be swarmed with blitzkrieg attacks.
It can be difficult to discuss America's immigration policies when it's considered racist merely to say, “We liked America the way it was.”
The media convince people to believe lies by the simple process of repetition: Diversity is a strength! We're a nation of immigrants! It's a crisis to have people living in the shadows!
I don't mean to be obtuse, but why is it a crisis that illegal aliens are “living in the shadows”? I forget. We need to bring in more people who will drive down the wages of our fellow Americans because — why again?
It is not a crisis for Americans that other people have come into their country illegally and now find it uncomfortable to be living here breaking the law. It's supposed to be uncomfortable to break the law. Perhaps illegal aliens should have considered that before coming.
Americans are being asked to respond to the world's oldest joke: A guy kills their parents, then throws themselves on the court's mercy as an orphan.
How did all these illegal aliens get into “the shadows” in the first place? They weren't kidnapped and dragged across the border. They came here. At most — and this is dubious — it's a crisis for the illegal immigrants.
But “living in the shadows” is evidently better than living in Guadalajara, otherwise, there's an easy solution.
Living in the shadows doesn't seem to be much of a crisis even for them.
Americans are being asked to respond to the world's oldest joke: A guy kills their parents, then throws themselves on the court's mercy as an orphan.
Any amnesty is an inducement to illegal aliens. If you choose to argue it's not, I refer you to history. This is not the first time Americans have been promised secure borders in return for amnesty.
The 1986 Simpson-Mazzoli Act, also known as “The Charlie Brown and Lucy with Football Act,” was supposed to end illegal immigration forever: Give us amnesty one time, then: Never again.
Illegal immigration sextupled.
Contrary to everything you've heard, the only options are not: Amnesty or deporting 11 million people. There's also the option of letting them stay in the shadows — or the same thing we've been doing for the last 30 years.
Americans are under no moral obligation to grant amnesty to people who have broken our laws. “The moral thing to do” is usually defined as “following the law.”
Historically, Democrats have found it fun and profitable to bully Republicans into taking suicidal positions. This latest push for amnesty is approximately the Republicans' fifth mugging.
As with all disastrous legislation, Republicans are being told, “We have got to do this yesterday!”
Debate any urgent liberal demand long enough, and the problem usually just goes away.
The fact that Democrats want 30 million new voters is not a good enough reason to ignore the law and screw over American workers, as well as legal immigrants already here.
How about Republicans try this: We're not giving you anything — not even half — because there's no reason to do so.
Excerpted from “Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country Into a Third World Hellhole” (Regnery Publishing), out this week.
A rocket carrying the New Horizons spacecraft on a mission to Pluto lifts off in Cape Canaveral, Fla. (AP Photo/Terry Renna)
Just in time for the new year, researchers at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory have unveiled the fruits of a different kind of energy research: For the first time in nearly three decades, they've produced a special fuel that scientists hope will power the future exploration of deep space.
The fuel, known as plutonium-238, is a radioactive isotope of plutonium that's been used in several types of NASA missions to date, including the New Horizons mission, which reached Pluto earlier in 2015. While spacecraft can typically use solar energy to power themselves if they stick relatively close to Earth, missions that travel farther out in the solar system — where the sun's radiation becomes more faint — require fuel to keep themselves moving.
Plutonium-238 satisfies this need by producing heat as it decays, which can then be converted into electricity by NASA's radioisotope power system, a kind of nuclear battery called the Multi-Mission Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator, or MMRTG. Excess heat from the MMRTG can also be used to keep some spacecraft systems from freezing in cold environments — a service it's been providing for the Curiosity rover on Mars, for instance.
While other isotopes could theoretically also get the job done, plutonium-238 is ideal because of its “unique combination of properties,” said Rebecca Onuschak, a program director in the Department of Energy's Office of Space and Defense Power Systems. Most notably, it's safer to work with than many other types of radioactive materials.
“It's easier to work with and get close to than other kinds of radiation,” Onuschak said. “You can make it into a ceramic material that's very safe. It has a long enough half-life that we can do long missions, but it also produces a lot of heat per unit mass.”
[Why 2015 may be remembered as a transformative year for how we get energy]
But despite its importance for space exploration, the fuel has been out of production for close to 30 years now. It was originally produced at the Savannah River plant in South Carolina as a byproduct in the production of defense nuclear isotopes during the Cold War, Onuschak said. But production was discontinued in the late 1980s when the defense missions ended and the reactors were shut down.
Fortunately, the government had some extra fuel stocked, and in the intervening years also was able to purchase a little more from Russia to add to its stores, which NASA has been drawing on for missions ever since. But “we knew we were going to eventually need more,” Onuschak said. So in fiscal year 2011, Congress allocated funding for a new project.
Over the past several years, scientists at Oak Ridge National Laboratory have worked on designing new ways of creating plutonium-238. They've had to work with smaller reactors than the ones formerly used at Savannah River, said Bob Wham, a plutonium-238 technology integration manager at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
In order to create plutonium-238, scientists have to apply certain nuclear reactions to a substance called neptunium-237. “We had to design new ways to introduce the neptunium into the reactor, and then obviously pull that material out of the reactor and go through the chemical processing steps to recover and purify that plutonium,” Wham said.
[The troubling reasons why NASA is so focused on studying sea level rise]
Eventually, their labors paid off. On Dec. 22, the Department of Energy announced that researchers at Oak Ridge had managed to produce 50 grams of plutonium-238 — a feat that hasn't been performed since production was halted at Savannah River.
It's a big step forward for future space missions. Currently, there are only about 35 kilograms (or around 77 pounds) of stored plutonium-238 left, and only half of that is immediately usable. As the fuel ages, it cools off and becomes less useful — but Onuschak said that old fuel can be mixed with new fuel as it's produced to extend the substance's life.
What's available now will still be enough to get NASA through its next planned Mars mission — the Mars 2020 rover — but if NASA wants to continue sending missions like New Horizons into deep space, it will need new stores of fuel in the future.
Researchers at Oak Ridge plan to collaborate with facilities at Idaho National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory to begin scaling up production, Wham said. By the end of the decade, they're hoping to be producing several hundred grams of fuel per year — and by the early 2020s, they hope to be up to a kilogram and a half.
In the meantime, NASA's Radioisotope Power Systems program will also be funding research into the development of more efficient MMRTGs — that nuclear battery used to supply electricity to spacecraft. According to the Department of Energy, researchers in the program are hoping to produce a new MMRTG that would be able to provide about 25 percent more power at the beginning of a mission and up to 50 percent more at the end.
The revived interest in fuel production and efficiency signals the start of a new era for space exploration — one which many enthusiastic scientists have had a hand in, Wham said.
“We've got a lot of great people in Oak Ridge that are working on [the project], as well as people in Idaho and Los Alamos national labs,” they said. “It's great to know that there are that many people that are excited and enthusiastic about it.”
More at Energy & Environment:
Record flooding in the UK is just the latest symptom of both El Nino and climate change
Obama just released the biggest energy efficiency rule in U.S. history
New infrared video reveals growing environmental disaster in LA gas leak
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
Exclusive: To prove their chops, mainstream media stars can't wait to go head-to-head with a demonized foreign leader, like Vladimir Putin, and let them have it, even if their “facts” are wrong, as Megyn Kelly showed and Ray McGovern explains.
By Ray McGovern
NBC's Megyn Kelly wielded one of Official Washington's most beloved groupthinks to smack Russian President Vladimir Putin over their denials that they and their government were responsible for hacking Democratic emails and interfering with the U.S. presidential election.
In their June 2 interview with Putin, Kelly noted that all “17 intelligence agencies” of the U.S. government concurred in their conclusion of Russian guilt and how could Putin suggest that they all are “lying.” It's an argument that has been used to silence skeptics for months and apparently is so useful that no one seems to care that it isn't true.
For instance, on May 8, in testimony before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper conceded publicly that the number of intelligence agencies involved in the assessment was three, not 17, and that the analysts assigned to the project from CIA, FBI and NSA had been “handpicked.”
On May 23, in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee, former CIA Director John Brennan confirmed Clapper's account about the three agencies involved. “It wasn't a full inter-agency community assessment that was coordinated among the 17 agencies,” Brennan acknowledged.
But those public admissions haven't stopped Democrats and the mainstream media from continuing to repeat the false claim. In comments on May 31, failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton repeated the canard, with a flourish, saying: “Seventeen agencies, all in agreement, which I know from my experience as a Senator and Secretary of State, is hard to get.”
A couple of days later, Kelly revived the myth of the consensus among the 17 intelligence agencies in their interview with the Russian president. But Putin passed up the opportunity to correct her, replying instead:
“They have been misled and they are not analyzing the information in its entirety. … We have talked about it with former President Obama and with several other officials. No one ever showed me any direct evidence. When we spoke with President Obama about that, you know, you should probably better ask them about it – I think they will tell you that he, too, is confident of it. But when they and I talked I saw that he, too, started having doubts. At any rate, that's how I saw it.”
As I noted in a Jan. 20 article about Obama's news conference two days earlier, “Did President Barack Obama acknowledge that the extraordinary propaganda campaign to blame Russia for helping Donald Trump become president has a very big hole in it, i.e., that the U.S. intelligence community has no idea how the Democratic emails reached WikiLeaks? For weeks, eloquent obfuscation – expressed with ‘high confidence' – has been the name of the game, but inadvertent admissions now are dispelling some of the clouds. …
“At President Obama's Jan. 18 press conference, they admitted as much: ‘the conclusions of the intelligence community with respect to the Russian hacking were not conclusive as to whether WikiLeaks was witting or not in being the conduit through which we heard about the DNC e-mails that were leaked.'” [Emphasis added]
Explaining the Technology
More importantly, Putin in their interview with Kelly points out that “today's technology” enables hacking to be “masked and camouflaged to an extent that no one can understand the origin” of the hack. “And, vice versa, it is possible to set up any entity or any individual that everyone will think that they are the exact source of that attack. Modern technology is very sophisticated and subtle and allows this to be done. And when we realize that we will get rid of all the illusions. …”
Later, when Kelly came back to the issue of hacking, Putin expanded on the difficulty in tracing the source of cyberattacks.
“Hackers may be anywhere,” Putin said. “There may be hackers, by the way, in the United States who very craftily and professionally passed the buck to Russia. Can't you imagine such a scenario? In the middle of an internal political fight, it was convenient for them, whatever the reason, to put out that information. And put it out they did. And, doing it, they made a reference to Russia. Can't you imagine it happening? I can.
“Let us recall the assassination of President Kennedy. There is a theory that Kennedy's assassination was arranged by the United States special services. If this theory is correct, and one cannot rule it out, so what can be easier in today's context, being able to rely on the entire technical capabilities available to special services than to organize some kind of attacks in the appropriate manner while making a reference to Russia in the process. …”
Kelly: “Let's move on.”
However carefully Megyn Kelly and their NBC colleagues peruse The New York Times, they might well not know WikiLeaks' disclosure on March 31 of original CIA documents showing that the agency had created a program allowing it to break into computers and servers and make it look like others did it by leaving telltale signs (like Cyrillic markings, for example).
The capabilities shown in what WikiLeaks calls the “Vault 7” trove of CIA documents required the creation of hundreds of millions of lines of source code. At $25 per line of code, that amounts to about $2.5 billion for each 100 million code lines. But the Deep State has that kind of money and would probably consider the expenditure a good return on investment for “proving” the Russians hacked into Democratic Party emails.
In other words, it is altogether possible that the hacking attributed to Russia was actually one of several “active measures” undertaken by a cabal consisting of the CIA, FBI, NSA and Clapper — the same agencies responsible for the lame, evidence-free report of Jan. 6, that Clapper and Brennan acknowledged last month was not the consensus view of the 17 intelligence agencies.
There is also the issue of the forensics. Former FBI Director James Comey displayed considerable discomfort on March 20, explaining to the House Intelligence Committee why the FBI did not insist on getting physical access to the Democratic National Committee's computers in order to do its own proper forensics, but chose to rely on the examination done by the DNC's private contractor, Crowdstrike.
The firm itself has conflicts of interests in its links to the pro-NATO and anti-Russia think tank, the Atlantic Council, through Dmitri Alperovitch, who is an Atlantic Council senior fellow and the co-founder of Crowdstrike.
Strange Oversight
Given the stakes involved in the Russia-gate investigation – now including a possible impeachment battle over removing the President of the United States – wouldn't it seem logical for the FBI to insist on its own forensics for this fundamental predicate of the case? Or could Comey's hesitancy to demand access to the DNC's computers be explained by a fear that FBI technicians not fully briefed on CIA/NSA/FBI Deep State programs might uncover a lot more than they wanted?
Comey was asked again about this curious oversight on June 8 by Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Richard Burr:
BURR: “And the FBI, in this case, unlike other cases that you might investigate — did you ever have access to the actual hardware that was hacked? Or did you have to rely on a third party to provide you the data that they had collected?”
COMEY: “In the case of the DNC, and, I believe, the DCCC, but I'm sure the DNC, we did not have access to the devices themselves. We got relevant forensic information from a private party, a high-class entity, that had done the work. But we didn't get direct access.”
BURR: “But no content?”
COMEY: “Correct.”
BURR: “Isn't content an important part of the forensics from a counterintelligence standpoint?”
COMEY: “It is, although what was briefed to me by my folks — the people who were my folks at the time is that they had gotten the information from the private party that they needed to understand the intrusion by the spring of 2016.”
Burr demurred on asking Comey to explain what amounts to gross misfeasance, if not worse. Perhaps, NBC could arrange for Megyn Kelly to interview Burr to ask if they have a clue as to what Putin might have been referring to when they noted, “There may be hackers, by the way, in the United States who very craftily and professionally passed the buck to Russia.”
Given the congressional intelligence “oversight” committees' obsequiousness and repeated “high esteem” for the “intelligence community,” there seems an even chance that – no doubt because of an oversight – the CIA/FBI/NSA deep-stage troika failed to brief the Senate “oversight committee” chairperson on WikiLeaks “Vault 7” disclosures – even when WikiLeaks publishes original CIA documents.
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word, a publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington.  They are a 27-year veteran of the CIA analysis division and was chief of its Soviet Foreign Policy Branch and prepared the President's Daily Brief for Nixon, Ford, and Reagan.
ANZ's co-head of Australian economics, Felicity Emmett, said the tightening up in investor lending practices were likely to have a marginal softening impact on house price growth, including in the exuberant Sydney market. "This looks as though APRA's step-up in supervision is starting to have some effect," Ms Emmett said. "If that's successful, then that's going to give the RBA scope to keep rates lower." More tightening necessary However, Credit ratings agency Moody's still believes additional tightening of lending criteria and higher capital levels will be necessary to curb lending growth. Such action would be a positive for the strength of the banking sector by reducing its exposure to looming risk caused by "growing imbalances" in the housing market, it said. Statistics released by APRA on Tuesday show the value of new
"With investor approvals declining by more than the drop in owner-occupied approvals, perhaps signaling that APRA's announced macro-prudential action may be taking effect," Goldman Sachs analyst, Andrew Lyon said. Interest-only loans – a key concern for APRA – fell to 42.3 per cent of all approvals, down from 43 per cent in the previous quarter to the lowest level in a year. The share of loan approvals with loan-to-valuation ratios of 90 per cent or higher continued its downward trend, and is at its lowest level since December 2010. Owner-occupied lending rebounded slightly to 62.6 per cent of total residential lending approvals in the quarter, up from 62 per cent. Over the past week, the banks have introduced a range of measures to attempt to pull the growth rate of lending to property investors below a 10 per cent cap demanded by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.
These have included removing or reducing the discounts on new investment property loans, introducing an 80 per cent loan to valuation ratio cap on investment property loans, and changing investment property home loan calculators used by brokers. Credit positive initiatives applauded In its report on Tuesday, Moody's applauded these initiatives. "In our view, these initiatives are credit positive since they reduce the banks' exposure to a higher-risk loan segment,"Moody's vice president, Ilya Serov said. "In the absence of mitigating actions, the increasing proportion of investment and interest-only loans would, in our view, lead to a weakening of the bank portfolios' quality." However, Moody's said the housing market is currently characterised by "elevated and rising house prices, declining mortgage affordability, and record levels of household indebtedness".
"The growing imbalances in the Australian housing market pose a longer-term challenge to the Australian banks' credit profiles, over and above the immediate concerns around investment lending," the report said. Mr Serov said the banks could further curtail exposure to high loan to valuation loans and investment lending over the coming months. Combined with upward revisions to mortgage risk weights and capital increases as foreshadowed by APRA and the financial system inquiry, they said Moody's was comfortable with its stable outlook on the major banks'credit ratings. Moody's assessment comes as several analysts suggest the banks – which fell around 15 per cent in May – have been oversold. CLSA analyst Brian Johnson said rising regulatory capital intensity for the banks is manageable and high dividend payout ratios are sustainable. Even though the banks are trading on peak cycle price earnings ratios; "we think they will continue to trade expensively as structurally underweight international investors continue to chase their high dividend yields," they said, adding the banks "will emerge in great shape" after they are recapitalised.
Grandmother, 58, tried to poison daughter-in-law then stabbed them to death on the sofa because they thought they were going to lose contact with their grandson
Heather Emmonds knifed Tina Cas ey, 42, in Holywell, North Tyneside
They then burnt their clothes and went to play bingo with their husband
Had tried to poison Miss Casey so they became 'dependent' on them
Newcastle Crown Court heard police found hand-written notes confessing to the killing in their car
Victim: Tina Casey, 42, who was found dead at their home in February
A grandmother stabbed their daughter-in-law to death to stop them moving to another part of the country with their grandson, a court heard today.
Heather Emmonds, played bingo with their husband just hours after they allegedly knifed Tina Casey, 42, multiple times on their sofa at their home in Holywell, North Tyneside, in February.
The 58-year-old, who had already tried to posion Miss Casey, also set fire to the clothes they had been wearing in a Roses chocolates tin after the attack and had considered setting Miss Casey's home alight with their body still inside.
But they decided against it because they were put off by a television programme, saying they had 'seen too many CSIs to know it doesn't really work', Newcastle Crown Court heard.
Emmonds also admitted in interview they had put their hand Miss Casey's mouth to stop them screaming during the 'frenzied' attack, Newcatsle Crown Court heard.
The following day the defendant was found collapsed in their Vauxhall Corsa after crashing on a roundabout having taken an overdose of sleeping pills.
Police found 10 hand-written letters in their car, confessing to killing their son Keith's partner.
In one of the notes, Emmonds said: 'Please don't hate me for what I have done. I really thought it was the best for you. I know it won't look like it.
'But Dad is a great dad so be good for them and Gramps. I will always love you from, your loving grandmother.'
In another, they wrote to police: 'I didn't intend to kill Tina Casey, it was a moment of madness and impulse.
'The knife and my clothes are in the boot of my car. The knife was mine but I lent it to Tina Casey. There was no preconceived plan. It just happened.
'I went on to autopilot, not eating or sleeping. I have never harmed anyone in my life. I am ashamed of my actions.'
Scene: Miss Casey's body was discovered with multiple stab wounds on their sofa in Holywell in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside
Alistair MacDonald, prosecuting, said: 'That was a very devious and cunning attempt to explain away how one of their knives had been used to kill Tina Casey.
'It demonstrates with complete clarity that this was far from an incident that blew up at the scene of the killing but Heather Emmonds went quite deliberately armed with a knife knowing full well what they were doing.'
Emmonds denies murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility and loss of control.
The prosecution said Miss Casey, who previously lived on the Isle of Man, planned to return there with the defendant's young grandson, so Emmonds would lose touch with him.
Mr MacDonald said: 'The defendant could not face the prospect of the removal of their grandson to the Isle of Man and their inability to see them as they have been able to when they lived in the North East.”
Emmonds, of Blyth Street, Seaton Delaval, Northumberland, attacked Ms Casey with a filleting knife after coming round to visit.
'Far from there being no intention to kill, that was precisely the intention,' Mr MacDonald said.
After leaving Miss Casey dead, face-down on the sofa, Emmonds tried to clean blood off the carpet, washed their knife in bleach and changed into a fresh set of clothes they had brought with her, the court was told.
They left after locking the doors and closing the curtains.
Trial: Defendant Heather Emmonds had denied murder on grounds of diminished responsibility, but was found guilty of the crime by a jury
'Knowing full well that Tina was lying dead at their home, the defendant told a pack of lies,' Mr MacDonald added.
Emmonds told the officer Ms Casey had told them they planned to visit an aunt in Ponteland, Northumberland.
'All this was an elaborate charade designed to put the police off the scent,' the prosecution said.
In the previous week, Ms Casey had made a statement to police reporting they had been poisoned.
Emmonds made them a chilli on one night and a sweet and sour dish another night, both of which tasted strange.
The grandmother later confessed to police they had crushed up strong sleeping tablets in the food they had made to render Ms Casey ill, so they would come to rely on them
'They had failed,' Mr MacDonald said. 'The knife attack did not.'
Mr MacDonald said Ms Casey once considered them a 'rock' for the help they offered, but the two had since fallen out.
Emmonds told police they took the same tablets they used to poison Ms Casey before they crashed their car.
Mr MacDonald said: 'It is an example of someone thinking things through perfectly logically.'
The trial continues.
Escape rooms are basically everywhere now. Most towns and cities in the UK have at least one, and on a worldwide scale they're such big business that they've come to merit their own Tripadvisor category (suck on that “Universities AND Schools”). Indeed you can see a marker of their growing popularity in the fact that ordinary people actually know what they are. Just a few short years ago escape games were the kind of quirky activity that would be written off as the territory of committed nerds only, and which would earn you a puzzled frown if you brought them up at parties.
So how did this (admittedly somewhat strange) activity come to be so ubiquitous? When did getting locked in a room and solving a series of puzzles in order to escape enter the public consciousness as an ordinary thing to do on a Saturday night? Let's start at the beginning and take a detailed look at the origin of this puzzling (haha) phenomenon.
Escape the Room Computer Games
Long before live escape rooms were a thing, there existed dozens of computer games which took as their central conceit a character trapped within a single small room, with a series of increasingly fiendish puzzles in between them and freedom. You can trace these back as far as 1988, when John Wilson created their text adventure game Behind Closed Doors for the ZX Spectrum, in which a Balrog – stricken by an upset stomach after one too many cat vindaloos – finds themselves locked inside a dingy restroom by some mischievous goblins. It may look pretty basic by today's standards, but for a time when computers had less memory than the average blender it was nothing to be sniffed at.
As Flash became more popular, graphical escape games which riffed on the same mechanic soon gained in popularity. Many of these were fairly simple, browser-based diversions which could be completed in a matter of minutes, and which had little in the way of story or logic to string them together. Crimson Room and Viridian Room are classic examples – both of them are bizarre, simplistic and yet also infuriatingly obtuse. Which isn't to say they aren't still fun in a teeth-grinding, keyboard-smashing kind of way.
Mystery of Time and Space also deserves a mention – although it breaks the mould a little by not confining itself to a single room. From these humble beginnings, escape room computer games exploded in popularity… to the point that the sheer quantity of them now warrants a game titled “Another Goddamn Escape the Locked Room Game”. What a world.
The First Live Escape Rooms
Takao Kato, a worker at the Japanese publishing company SCRAP, is usually credited with being the first person to conceive of a live action, real-world escape game in 2009. Like all good ideas, it was had while slacking off and playing browser-based games during working hours. Kato, the story goes, watched one of their co-workers complete a classic escape room game and questioned why something similar couldn't be rendered in the real world. In an interview with The Japan Times they expressed it thus: “I wondered why interesting things didn't happen in my life, like they did in books. I thought I could create my own adventure, a story, and then invite people to be a part of it.”
Soon enough Kato was making interesting things happen in hundreds of lives, as well as their own. The games they devised were a little different from what we might today recognise as an escape room, however. Called Real Escape Games, they tended to run for several weeks at most, and were based in bars or clubs, rooms of which were temporarily repurposed for the run. Each game lasted about an hour, but could have as many as twenty participants, who were often divided into teams to try and plot their escape – a feat which might involve passing an exam, ousting a traitor in their midst, or even turning back time.
Real Escape Games were an instant hit, with tickets for each new adventure selling out in a matter of hours. It wasn't long before competitors started to take notice and organise events of their own. By 2011, the concept had made the jump overseas.
Parapark – a company founded by team building expert Attila Guyrkovics – was established in Budapest, and constituted one of the first permanent escape game venues. Situated in the basement under a ruin bar, it was designed to help visitors flex their teamwork muscle, while also plunging them into a pleasant state of flow. Guyrkovics put a lot of energy into that last point, adamant that their puzzles should be neither too easy nor too hard. It was a winning recipe, and within two months they had quit their day job and was focussing solely on Parapark. As rivals popped up across the city, Guyrkovics turned their venture into a franchise – one that is still going strong today.
Worldwide Escape Rooms
It took another year or so for escape games to make their way to America, but the concept caught on after Real Escape Games set up a venue in San Francisco in 2012. The first American escape game company – Puzzle Break – was established in Seattle the very next year. HintHunt, the company credited with bringing escape rooms to the UK, was slightly quicker off the mark, opening a venue in London in 2012, just a short walk away from my favourite gift shop. Meanwhile, the floodgates now having been opened, rooms appeared in Australia, Singapore, Russia, and pretty much every country in Europe.
Since then, the escape game industry has grown exponentially. There are now over four hundred rooms in the UK alone, with at least one to be found in most towns and cities. Worldwide, the number of escape rooms is uncountable, with more popping into existence faster than ants on a dropped scone. You can get locked in a room everywhere from Uzbekistan to New Caledonia, and there are even – in a pleasantly circuitous development – computer games based on live room escape games. I'm eagerly awaiting the day when someone puts together a board game based on one of those.
Given the sheer popularity of these strange diversions, it can be hard to believe the industry is as young as it is, but if escape games were a person they wouldn't even have yet hit puberty – although they would at least have stopped routinely throwing up on long car journeys. What the future holds for live escape games remains to be seen… but really, at this point in time, the fun is just getting started.
Today another episode in my seldom-updated series about building a home aluminum foundry.
The technique I use for casting aluminum is called “green sand” casting not because the sand is green (though the sand I use is in fact slightly olive coloured) but because the sand is moistened with water and clay rather than oil. I made the sand myself; it's a mixture of about ten parts olivine sand to one part finely powdered bentonite clay, and then “tempered” with water until it feels right. (Use a spray bottle set to a fine mist and stir the sand as you temper it.) It should feel like perfect sand castle building material: wet enough to hold its shape but not so wet that you can squeeze water out of it. If you can make a “snowball” of sand with a fist and break it cleanly in half, that's probably good.
The mold is made in a topless, bottomless two-part wooden box called a “flask”; the top part is the “cope” and the bottom is the “drag”. The pattern I am molding here is a one-piece pattern. I start by making a pattern out of wood and painting it with glossy spray paint so that damp sand will not stick to it. The drag goes upside down on a flat board with the pattern upside down inside the drag: (Click on any photo for a larger version.)
Next I shake sand through a sieve (or “riddle” as it is traditionally called in sand casting) so that I have nice non-clumpy sand all over the bottom side of the pattern.
I then fill up the drag with sand and pound it down with a block of wood (or “ram” as it is traditionally called in sand casting.)
I then use the block to smooth out the bottom of the drag:
I put a second flat board onto what will be the bottom of the drag, roll the mold over, and remove the board from what is now the top of the drag. The edges of the mold are likely to break so I go over them lightly with a brush; when the resulting tiny hole fills in with aluminum it will be easily removed with a file when the casting cools.
Next I put the cope on top of the drag. Notice that the cope and drag have a locator built into the front so that I am more likely to align them precisely to each other. I have a sock full of talc that I dust the top of the drag with, so that when I fill the cope with sand, I'll be able to get it back apart again to take out the pattern. (Talc is not ideal because it absorbs water. Ideally you want something like graphite or coal dust that repels water, but talc will do.)
Next I put in two pieces of dowel to make a “sprue” — the channel through which the aluminum enters the mold — and a “riser”. The idea of the riser is (1) when it fills, I know I'm done pouring, (2) it allows air to leave the mold cavity even if the sprue is choked with metal, and (3) it provides a reservoir of molten metal; the metal will shrink as it cools and I want the resulting gap to be filled in by the metal still in the sprue and riser.
Next I again riddle fine sand over the pattern:
and fill in the cope with sand, which is then rammed down and struck flat. I carve funnels into the sprue and riser — into the sprue so that it is easier to pour, and into the riser so that there is extra weight of metal in the riser. I'm just going to melt the sprue and riser again the next time I do a casting so there's no waste here.
I pull out the sprue and riser pins and (not shown) I stick a piece of stiff wire down through the sand to the pattern, to make an extra small vent for air and steam to escape the mold.
Now I'm ready to separate the flask again to remove the pattern. I enlarge the bottoms of the sprue and riser holes in the drag and cut channels (or “gates”) from the pattern to the sprue and riser. Notice that the pattern has small holes in the top; I tap the pattern with a block to slightly enlarge its cavity, put cup hooks in the holes, and carefully lift the pattern out. The two halves of the flask are then put back together, and the mold is ready to take the pour.
Next time in this series I'll talk about how the aluminum is actually melted and poured. I of course always melt more than I need — you don't want to be short — so the remaining metal goes into a muffin tin to make ingots that can be melted again later. The final result in this case looks like this:
The sprue and riser are cut off at the gates, the edges are filed clean, and I've got my casting. Notice that the shrinkage is in the top of the riser, not in the casting itself, which is exactly what I want.
Advertisements
US “surge” in Afghanistan in disarray
By Barry Grey
14 June 2010
In the midst of one of the bloodiest weeks for US and NATO forces in the nearly nine-year war in Afghanistan, Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the overall commander, announced Thursday that major military operations around Kandahar would be delayed until September.
The offensive had been slated to begin this month, but, as McChrystal admitted, the US has been unable to win the support either of tribal leaders and power brokers or of the populace in and around Afghanistan's second largest city. The town of 450,000 in the heart of the Pashtun-dominated south is the birthplace of the Taliban and remains a key stronghold of the anti-occupation insurgency.
The top US general in Afghanistan also acknowledged that the much-touted US offensive earlier this year against Marjah, an insurgent stronghold in rural Helmand province, had failed to uproot the Taliban, who retain control of much of the region.
One recent study found that the majority of the population in Marjah had become more antagonistic to NATO forces than before the operation. Late last month McChrystal referred to the region as “a bleeding ulcer.”
The worsening security situation for the US and NATO in Helmand was highlighted on Thursday when British Prime Minister David Cameron, on their first trip to Afghanistan, was prevented from making a scheduled appearance at a military base in the province after British officers intercepted calls indicating that insurgents were planning to shoot down their helicopter.
So far this month, at least 35 NATO soldiers have been killed, including at least 23 Americans. The week's bloody toll began on Sunday, June 6, when 6 NATO troops were killed. The next day, 10 NATO troops were killed, 7 of them Americans. That was the deadliest day for occupation forces since the killing of 11 US troops in a helicopter crash last October.
On Tuesday, two US soldiers and a British soldier were killed in separate incidents in the south. On Wednesday, four more US soldiers died when their helicopter was shot down in Helmand province. A fifth NATO soldier was killed the same day.
Four additional NATO troops were killed Friday, including two Americans. On Saturday, a Polish soldier was killed in Ghazni province in eastern Afghanistan, and a second NATO soldier was killed in the north.
The death toll so far this year for US and NATO forces is more than double that of a year ago. Since the start of the war, more than 1,100 US soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan. This month, the war in Afghanistan surpassed Vietnam as the longest war in US history.
To date, the US and its allies have little to show for the increased carnage, which is far worse for the Afghan people. Speaking Thursday, on the first day of a two-day meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels, McChrystal hinted at the massive popular opposition, especially in the Pashtun south, to the US-led occupation.
Explaining the decision to delay the start of the military offensive in Kandahar, they said, “When you go to protect people, the people have to want you to protect them.”
They suggested that the operation in and around Kandahar would continue at least until the end of the year, telling the Financial Times, “Operationally, it will be tough to the end of the year, casualties will stay high and may go higher than they are now.”
At the NATO meeting, Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen tried to put the best possible face on the situation, declaring that NATO forces had regained the initiative in the war. However, in a statement read on Friday to the 28 assembled defense ministers, they said soberly that military operations were making only “measured progress,” adding, “Significant challenges remain and success is not yet assured.”
Speaking in London on Wednesday, US Defense Secretary Robert Gates issued a warning that the US and its allies were running out of time in Afghanistan. They said NATO forces had to achieve a strategic breakthrough against the Taliban by the end of the year.
“The one thing none of the [alliance's] publics…including the American public, will tolerate,” they said following a meeting with their British counterpart, “is the perception of stalemate in which we're losing young men.”
At the NATO conference, Gates pressed NATO members to provide an additional 450 troops to serve as trainers of Afghan forces.
Gates' warning was underscored by a Washington Post/ABC poll released Thursday in which 53 percent of respondents said the war was “not worth fighting”—the highest percentage in three years. Perhaps even more ominously for the Obama administration, the poll found that 39 percent of the public believe that the US is losing the war, just 3 percentage points less than the 42 percent who believe the US is winning.
This evidence of mounting popular opposition coincides with the arrival in Afghanistan of the final 10,000 of 30,000 additional US troops ordered to the country as part of the military “surge” announced by Obama last December.
Despite Gates's warning of the need for clear evidence of US-NATO victories by the end of the year, McChrystal in interviews and statements last week refused to make any such promises. Speaking to the Financial Times about the prospects for Kandahar by year's end, they said, “Around the city, security will still be in the middle of a difficult struggle…. Those areas will go from Taliban control to at least being contested.”
Asked Thursday in Brussels whether the delay in the start of major operations in Kandahar leaves time by the end of the year for a decisive outcome, McChrystal would say only: “It will be very clear by the end of the calendar year that the Kandahar operation is progressing. I don't know whether we'll know whether it's decisive. Historians will tell us that.”
This does not mean that the offensive, when it begins, will be any less bloody. The operational plan for Kandahar calls for US Special Forces hit squads to assassinate insurgent leaders within the city and in its environs and then deploy more than 10,000 US troops to begin clearing entrenched Taliban forces from the outlying districts, 80 percent of which are estimated to be controlled by insurgents. The operation will eventually involve house-to-house raids in which suspected Taliban militants or supporters will be killed or arrested.
The US intelligence web site Stratfor on Thursday posted a grim assessment of the US position in Afghanistan—one that doubtless reflects the thinking in sections of the American military and intelligence establishment. It stated: “In short, the US-led effort in the Afghan south is encountering serious problems….
“The problem for Washington and Kabul is twofold, however. First, the entire concept of operations is not working as expected. It is becoming increasingly clear that there were some key misjudgments about the nature and strength of the Taliban in the country's south. Secondly, and intertwined with the first, the lack of a decisive success and the delay of the Kandahar security offensive means perceptions of the surge are shifting in the Taliban's favor, dimming the prospects for the United States and its allies….
“The Taliban enjoys widespread popular support in this part of the country, making the battle of perceptions vital to convincing the population to break with the Islamist movement….
“Ultimately, the population in Marjah is—by no means entirely, but sufficiently broadly—uninterested in coalition offers of governance, money and development….
“The momentum the ISAF [NATO's International Security Assistance Force] had hoped to build after the assault on Marjah was already gone before the Kandahar delay announcement further weighed it down.”
One result of the US offensive in Helmand province has been increased Taliban activity in Nimroz, the province to the west of Helmand that borders on Iran and Pakistan. The Army Times reported June 11 that Taliban fighters forced out of Helmand have shifted operations to Nimroz, previously considered the most stable part of southern Afghanistan.
Following the assassination of one of its members and death threats against others, the entire governing council of Nimroz fled to Kabul to plead for protection from the central government.
The military-security crisis facing the US is compounded by the increasingly open rift between Washington and its puppet Afghan president, Hamid Karzai. At the June 2-4 “peace jirga” convened by Karzai, the US-installed president appealed for reconciliation with the Taliban.
The event, which brought together hundreds of warlords and power brokers from across Afghanistan, underscored the isolation and weakness of the regime in Kabul and the failure of the US and NATO to secure even the capital city. Karzai's opening speech was interrupted by the sound of rockets being fired on the assembly. Moreover, leading figures in the Tajik- and Uzbek-dominated Northern Alliance, upon which Washington relied to defeat the Pashtun Taliban in the October 2001 invasion, refused to attend the jirga.
After the meeting, Karzai announced, to the consternation of Washington and NATO, the formation of a commission to release some imprisoned Taliban militants. At the same time, Karzai sacked their interior minister, Hanif Atmar, and their intelligence director, Amrullah Saleh, who opposed their efforts to come to terms with the Taliban and mend fences with Pakistan. Both fired ministers have close ties to the CIA and the British MI6 intelligence agencies.
The Americans privately blame Karzai for the lack of success in the offensive in Marjah, claiming that they failed to provide promised Afghan military and civilian forces to “hold” the region after it had been “cleared” of Taliban. Karzai and their half-brother Ahmed Ali Karzai, the strongman of Kandahar, now appear to be encouraging local tribal leaders who are resisting the planned US offensive in the city.
Both the New York Times and the British Guardian newspaper published articles citing aids to Saleh as saying that Karzai has “lost confidence in the capability of the coalition” to defeat the Taliban. The Times article (June 12) alleges that Karzai has been conducting secret peace negotiations with the Taliban.
According to these reports, Karzai is seeking to save their regime and their own neck in the event of an American defeat or withdrawal by maneuvering for some sort of deal with the Taliban, perhaps brokered by Pakistan.
Some idea of the poisoned state of relations between Washington and Karzai can be seen in the claim by Saleh's aides, reported in the Guardian (June 9), that Karzai accused Saleh and Atmar of plotting with the Americans and the British to fire the rockets at the jirga in order to wreck their peace plan.
Screen Shot 2016-09-30 at 9.28.34 AM.png
(Screenshot via KATU)
At least one parent is unhappy with a "white privilege survey" sent home with Aloha High School seniors earlier this week.
"The way this survey is read, it almost wants to like, shame you for being white," Jason Schmidt, the father of an Aloha High School senior told KATU Thursday.
The survey, shown by KATU, poses statements and asks students to score themselves between zero for seldom to never true to five for often true. The statements include: "I can be in the company of people of my race most of the time" and "If I should need to move, I can be pretty sure of hassle-free renting or purchasing in an area in which I would want to live."
KATU says the goal of the survey, according to the school, is to create empathy and teach students how to have larger, difficult conversations.
"I feel that they should be learning actual education," Schmidt told KATU, "and not be a part of some social experiment or teacher's political agenda,"
But not all parents feel this way. Sarah Rios-Lopez told KATU that they believe it's important to talk about race. "It's a huge topic," they said, "and I think it needs to start somewhere."
"We are first of all judged by the color of our skin," they told the station.
The survey appears to be based on Peggy McIntosh's 1989 essay, "White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack." In that essay they wrote, "I have come to see white privilege as an invisible package of unearned assets that I can count on cashing in each day, but about which I was 'meant' to remain oblivious."
Though their essay is almost thirty years old, it's use in educational settings remains occasionally controversial.
You can watch the KATU segment here:
-- Lizzy Acker
503-221-8052
lacker@oregonian.com, @lizzzyacker
Printing Paper Wallets
What kind of printer and paper should I use?
Do you have a laser printer? Wallets printed using a laser printer are much more durable than ink-jet prints because laser printouts are essentially waterproof. Laser toner isn't ink! It's plastic that has been melted onto the page using heat. You can make your laser-printed wallets even more durable by sealing them in bags, laminating them (see below), or by printing on a synthetic waterproof paper paper such as Revlar.
Ink-jet prints can be extremely delicate. The ink will fade over time, especially when subjected to bright light. Even minuscule amounts of water can cause ink to bleed so much that the printout is destroyed altogether. Your wallets will be much more durable if you seal them in zip-sealing bags, use waterproof ink-jet paper such as Teslin, and/or spray them with a fixative such as Krylon Preserve It.
Whether you're using an ink-jet or laser printer, read about printer security to make sure your keys are not compromised.
Can I print two wallets per page?
If you need to print many wallets at once, or if you're concerned about wasting paper, you can print two wallets per page by manually rotating the paper between printing steps. For example, here's how to print out 100 wallets "2-up" on 50 sheets of paper:
Print out 50 wallet fronts, clicking the 'Random-generate new keys' button between each printout. Rotate the paper and insert them back into your printer. Print out 50 more wallet fronts.
You should now have 50 sheets which are blank on one side with 2-up wallets fronts on the other side.
Flip the paper and print out 50 wallet backs. Rotate the paper and print out the final 50 wallet backs.
You should now have 100 wallets on 50 sheets like this:
Can I laminate my paper wallets?
Yes. This makes it almost impossible for someone to tamper with your wallet since the laminate must be cut off in order to reveal the private key. However: It's preferable to laminate ink-jet prints than laser-prints, because the heat from the laminating machine can cause the laser toner printed on opposing sides of the folded paper to fuse to itself! If you laminate a laser-printed wallet, first cut out a square of blank paper and insert it into the folding private key area before folding it up. Laminate and cut open some sample wallets to make sure you can recover the private keys.
Power Ranking the Top 25 Fastest College Football Players for 2015
0 of 25
TCU WR Kolby Listenbee Kevin Jairaj-USA TODAY Sports
College football is getting faster each year, from the no-huddle offenses to the individual players who take the field each Saturday.
Take the first College Football Playoff national championship game, for example. Both Ohio State and Oregon build their programs around elite speed, and they both made it to the sport's biggest stage at the end of the 2014 season.
As the familiar saying goes, "speed kills"—and these are the top killers in the game.
Because 40-yard dashes can be hand-timed and unreliable from place to place,official timesfrom the Track and Field Results Reporting System and the U.S. Track and Field Coaches Association's list offastest football playerswere used to sort out the best of the best in this countdown.
While it's true that some who just play football might be faster than the track stars, these numbers are the best way to determine who has the most speed. Some of those who don't run track collegiately did make this top 25, and they were ranked by their success so far at showcasing their top-flight speed on the field with big plays.
I Don't Care If You Read This Article
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
I'm still not sure what precipitated it, but the other night at San Francisco's Jackson Fillmore restaurant, over a couple large bowls of linguini with butter and cheese, my four year-old son raised their fork and tried to stab my two year-old daughter in the head. Their mother quickly restrained them while I checked the white tablecloth for any signs of splattered blood or dislodged eyeballs. Once I confirmed no metal-to-flesh contact had been made, I delivered a classic parenthood right-of-passage line: "We never stab our family members with forks, especially in public."
My son apologized. My daughter — magnanimous and probably more than a little relieved to be entirely intact — quickly forgave him. Unprompted, they hugged. It was an extended, cheek to cheek, smiling, giggling, It's Gonna Be Us Against The World Long After We've Forgotten Your Droning Parental Speeches And Your Silly Overbearing Neurotic Rules About A Little Forkplay hug. Soon, my wife and I were giggling too. Regardless of the preceding events, the moment was beautiful. The love, joy and gratitude I felt at that moment can't be measured.
And that's one of the things I liked most about it. I experienced something. I felt it. That was it. There was nothing to measure or count or rank.
The Internet measures everything. And I am a slave to those measurements. After so many years of pushing much of my life through this screen, I've started measuring my experiences and my sense of self-worth using the same metrics as the Internet uses to measure success. I check my stats relentlessly. The sad truth is that I spend more time measuring than I spend doing.
I used to feel an immediate sense of accomplishment when I wrote an article or came up with a joke that I thought was good. Now that feeling is always delayed until I see how the material does. How many views did my article get? Did it get mentioned the requisite number of times on Twitter and Facebook. I need to see the numbers.
And I define myself by those numbers.
I judge the quality of my writing by looking at the traffic to my articles. I assess the humor of my jokes by counting retweets. My status updates, shared links, and photos of my kids need a certain number of Likes to be a success. How am I doing? That depends on how many friends I have, how many followers, how much traffic.
My shrink recently asked me how my current projects are coming along. I said, "Let me put it this way. Lady Gaga has 10,329,595 more Twitter followers than I do."
Sure, as the fork incident made clear, there are many ways to judge success, accomplishment and pleasure other than numerical rankings. I keep telling myself that. But the Internet keeps telling me the opposite.
A couple months ago, notable web designer Jeffrey Zeldman addressed this conundrum with a tweet: "Popularity on Twitter won't cook you breakfast in the morning."
My first reaction was to exclaim, "Yes, of course, Zeldman got it right!" My second reaction was to check how many retweets they got.
For the past several weeks, my friends Alex and Brian worked with me to design and build Delivereads, a service that enables me to send out a handful of great articles to the Kindle of anyone who subscribes. It's a passion project. Everyone worked for free. Brian's design is one of their best. Alex's coding and workflow is fantastic. And the three of us had a great time working on the project. I couldn't have been happier with the process and product.
Then it launched. And for two days, almost nothing happened. The numbers were not there. No traffic. No subscribers. The pride and fellowship I felt went out the window. I viewed the entire experience as a failure. I guaranteed my wife and friends that this was it. I was done with the web for good. The last decade and a half in this business had been one massive waste of time.
That all changed when, after getting some nice reviews from a couple of popular bloggers, the subscriptions started to pour in. With each refresh of my subscription numbers page, my self-esteem and pride inflated. I was back. I loved the web. I was a success.
But then I thought: what if I just stop refreshing that page? What if I try to stop judging the experience using Internet stats as my only yardstick? Of course, anyone who works on a site hopes that if you build, they will come. But the thing about this project that makes me most happy is the passion, joy and satisfaction I felt while working on it with two guys who I like building stuff with. And over the long haul, those feelings far outweigh any collection of numbers amassed on a stats page.
The project was great before anyone signed up. Period. I can't put a number on it.
It's a struggle, but I try to remind myself that there's more to life than the rank order of things. I love this article. It is a pure reflection and honest confession of how coming of age on the Internet affected the way I perceive myself. You might like it. You might tweet about it or forward it or share it on Facebook. But no matter what the reaction, I'll try to remember my opinion of these words right now, when it's just me and them alone.
Last night my wife and I worked up our courage, loaded up the car, and took the kids out to another restaurant. On the way, my two year-old daughter called out from the backseat, "Mama and Dadda. I have to tell you something."
Yes?
"I didn't choke Veronica in school today."
And I was reminded again that the proudest achievements in life just can't be measured.
Dave Pell is a San Francisco based, Web-addicted insider, investor and entrepreneur. They have been blogging for more than a decade. This post first appeared on their blog Tweetage Wasteland. You can also follow Dave on Twitter.
A group of protesters who want the body of an alleged Ku Klux Klan leader removed from their city have broken the soil over the grave.
The campaigners claim it has taken officials in Memphis, Tennessee, too long to exhume Nathan Bedford Forrest - who was a lieutenant general in the Confederate States Army.
They also want the statue of the soldier on a horse on the burial site to be removed. The rebel cavalryman, who died in 1877, has been buried in the city's Health Sciences Park since 1904.
Scroll down for video
A group of protesters started digging up the grave of Confederate general Nathan Beford Forrest in Memphis
The activist shoveled a patch of earth out of the grave, saying they were unhappy with a lack of progress by lawmakers to have the memorial to Bedford Forrest removed
The city's mayor, AC Wharton, began a push to remove the body and statue in the wake of the church shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, but needs approval from several branches of government before they can take action.
Members of the protest group, who call themselves the Commission on Religion and Racism, removed only a small patch of grass from the park, but threatened to return with heavy machinery to tear down the wartime symbol.
Isaac Richmond, the group's leader, told local station WREG: 'If he's gone, some of this racism and race-hate might be gone. We got a fresh shovel full, and we hope that everybody else will follow suit and dig them up.
'We are going to bring the back hoe, the tractors and the men with the equipment to raise Bedford Forrest from the soil of Memphis.'
Forrest's statue, in the Health Sciences Park of Memphis, Tennessee. It could be taken away if efforts by city lawmakers are successful
Forrest has been honored all across Tennessee, but in recent years places bearing their name have been renamed - including the park in which they are buried
Forrest is said to have been an early KKK member and reportedly its first Grand Wizard
The move outraged a spokesperson for Forrest's family, who said the act was vandalism and that the protesters had broken the law.
One man even drove some 270 miles to replace the turf after being dismayed by footage of the digging.
The Memphis city council has already approved a resolution to remove the statue and dig up the body, which was moved to the park from a private cemetery in 1904.
However, a recent state heritage law prevents any more memorials to historical figures from the Civil War from being renamed without approval from a government commission, which could prevent the statue from being moved.
Forrest, a lieutenant general in the Confederate States Army, has memorials in their name across Tennessee, including a bust in the state capitol, a high school and a building at Middle Tennessee State University.
The park in which they are buried was also called Forrest Park until it was renamed in February 2013.
Mayor AC Wharton has led calls to stop honoring Forrest, saying they belong to a 'despicable period'.
Last month they told a news conference: 'These relics, these messages of this despicable period of this great nation, it's time for those to be moved.'
'This is a monument to a man who was the avowed founder of the organization that has as its purpose the intimidation, the oppression of black folks'.
Isaac Richmond, center, said the protest group would return with heavy machinery unless the statue was removed by the government
Forrest is thought to have been the first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, which was formed after the Confederate surrender in 1865.
In later life they denied all membership of the organization, but has still been heavily associated with it.
There have been moves elsewhere in Tennessee to remove memorials of Forrest.
According to NPR, officials at the state capitol are considering throwing out a bust of the general.
The lines of oppression are already drawn. The only question is, Which side are you on in the struggle against the violence that is white supremacy and policing? Taking Sides supplies an ethical compass and militant map of the terrain, arguing not for reform of structurally brutal institutions but rather for their abolition. Its thirteen essays are sharp interventions that take particular aim at the role of nonprofits, “ally” politics, and “peace police” in demobilizing rebellions against hierarchical power. The authors offer tools to hone strategies and tactics of resistance, and hold out the promise of robust, tangible solidarity across racial and other lines, because in the battle for systemic transformation, there are no outside agitators.
PRAISE FOR TAKING SIDES
"Taking Sides is arriving right when we need it, a tool to infuse complex contemporary movement conversations with useful accounts of our movement histories and insightful analysis about how we practice solidarity. It brings deep thinking about recent flash points into ongoing dialogues about leadership, strategy, and infrastructure in ways that shed new light on difficult questions. Taking Sides is a sharp, brilliant tool for activists on the ground." —Dean Spade, author of Normal Life: Administrative Violence, Critical Trans Politics, and the Limits of Law
"From the arresting title through thirteen brilliant essays, this reader is a gem. Alliances and the problem with ally politics, decolonization demands, a defense of riots, exposing gender violence, fighting back against police violence, and contesting white supremacy are among the timely issues presented in militant terms. The diversity of the authors gives depth to First Nations, African American, and immigrant views of the North American reality. This promises to be a handbook for every social justice activist." —Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, author of An Indigenous Peoples' History of the United States
"Taking Sides hits a key nerve. It's essential for all who are serious about building movements, and fighting for collective liberation and a just world. The day we connect our grievances and put ourselves on the line for each other as accomplices is when the system(s) of domination will start to crumble. This book contributes to bringing that day closer." —Darius M., of rebellious hip-hop duo Test Their Logik
"These essays not only are timely, arresting, and full of heart; they encompass the voices of the millions who have struggled within the corrupt history of the United States. Taking Sides shows us the choir of angels singing the song of solidarity and justice. I can think of no better time for our collective voice to be heard. This book symbolizes the first perfect notes. —RA Washington, director of Cleveland's Guide to Kulchur
"Taking Sides is more than a book; it's a politic aimed at the heart of every radical struggling against a racist state. Its goal is simple: to challenge prevalent “ally politics,” and replace them with an accomplice model that seeks abolition, decolonization, and strong solidarity based on equal footing. Collectively, the writings serve as essential tools for those seeking to build a new world in the shell of the old." —Luis A. Fernandez, author of Policing Dissent and Shutting Down the Streets
"Over the past fifteen years, radicals of many colors and political stripes have resurrected the unfinished business of confronting white supremacy within and outside social movements. Their contributions have been many, and their hard work beyond question. This collection takes the conversation a step further—dispatches from a work in progress that stretches back past Harper's Ferry to the first Indian uprising on this continent. Anyone who has struggled with bridging the gap between “working for” and “working with” in their activism would be well served by these crucial contributions." —James Tracy, coauthor of Hillbilly Nationalists, Urban Race Rebels, and Black Power
"This book gathers some of the most exciting analyses coming from today's battles against state violence in North America. Here is a movement coming of age, battling white supremacy and settler colonialism with creativity and collectivity. Organizing produces both new ideas and the reminders we need to hear: not allies but accomplices, not complacency but resistance, not reform but abolition. The authors help us rethink how we organize ourselves to meet the urgent challenges of our era.Taking Sides is written from and for all those engaged in struggle against a racist state, with dreams of a better freedom." —Dan Berger, author of Captive Nation: Black Prison Organizing in the Civil Rights Era
"Taking Sides compiles essential essays for street fighters, land defenders, and anticolonial accomplices. Its words challenge the current pacifist and NGO-led narratives that seek to manage and disarm people-powered rebellions on Turtle Island, while inspiring readers to go out and fight side by side." —Franklin López, subMedia.tv
* * *
CONTENTS
New Discovery Channel chief Rich Ross (no relation to Rick) has vowed to stop airing pseudoscientific bullshit on what is ostensibly an educational channel. Ross made this promise at the Television Critic's Association press tour earlier today, telling the skeptical crowd, “I don't think [fake documentaries are] right for Discovery Channel, and think it's something that has run its course.”
This includes cryptozoological nonsense like Mermaids: The Body Found, Mermaids: The New Evidence, and the presumed (and now presumably canceled) threequel Mermaids: Pretty Crazy, Right?, as well as the prehistoric shark “documentaries” Megalodon: The Giant Shark Lives and Megalodon: The New Evidence. It also includes Discovery's disastrous Eaten Alive special, about which Ross said, “I don't believe you'll see a person being eaten by a snake in my time – I can't over-promise that, but that's how I feel today.” In other words, we'll see how Ross feels tomorrow, or whenever they get the ratings result of their experiment in not making things up.
Young people aged between 10 and 14-years-old are contracting chlamydia and gonorrhoea.
More than 28,000 people, including 465 children aged between 10 and 14-years-old, were diagnosed with chlamydia in New Zealand in a single year, the latest figures show.
Statistics from the Institute of Environmental Science and Research show there were also 3038 positive tests for gonorrhoea in 2014.
Of those, 74 were young people between the ages of 10 and 14.
Figures for 2015 were not available.
Queen Charlotte College principal Tom Parsons, of Picton, said young people were engaging in risky behaviours, like drinking and sexual activity, at an earlier age than in the past.
READ MORE:
* How to talk about sexually transmitted diseases
* Parents urged to talk about contraception after children diagnosed with chlamydia in South Canterbury
* Gonorrhea may soon be untreatable, Britain's chief medical officer warns
Sex was "everywhere" in the media, while peer pressure was also a factor, Parsons said.
"Society does appear to be a lot more permissive than it ever was before."
Sex education in schools had a vital role to play, but there were limits, Parsons said.
"Schools can teach the mechanics but it is very difficult to teach the relationship side of things."
More than 250 young people in Marlborough and Nelson, including five aged between 10 and 14, were diagnosed with chlamydia in 2014.
Chlamydia was most commonly diagnosed among the region's 15 to 19-year-olds, the report showed.
The highest number of positive gonorrhoea tests in Marlborough and Nelson was found in the 20 to 24-year-old age group in 2014.
There were 16 positive tests for the infection in that age group.
Marlborough Girls' College guidance counsellor Julie Saul said they were not surprised the number of sexually transmitted infections was highest in the 20 to 24-year-old age group.
"It is an age where people are becoming sexually active, and often sexually active outside of long-term, monogamous relationships.
"It would make sense as people get older and enter committed relationships their risk of getting a sexually transmitted disease drops."
However, positive tests for sexually transmitted infections were not just limited to young people.
The Institute of Environmental Science and Research report showed there were five positive tests for gonorrhoea, and 37 positive tests for chlamydia, among the over 40s in Marlborough and Nelson.
Nelson Marlborough District Health Board public health, rural health and district nursing service manager Peter Burton said the Picton Medical Centre had a sexual health service with a focus on sexually transmitted infections.
The weekly clinic worked in collaboration with the Blenheim Family Planning Clinic.
Sexually transmitted infection services were available to all ages that presented at clinics, including non-residents, Burton said.
The proportion of people reporting sexually transmitted infections across the different age groups in Nelson and Marlborough was similar to national trends, they said.
The Institute of Environmental Science and Research sexually transmitted infections surveillance report is released annually, and provides information reported by New Zealand sexual health clinics.
Patriot of Persia: Muhammad Mossadegh and a Tragic Anglo-American Coup by Christopher de Bellaigue Harper, 310 pp., $27.99
Muhammad Mossadegh, the Iranian prime minister overthrown by US and British agents in 1953, was a man who declined a salary, returned gifts, and collected tax arrears from their beloved mother. Frugality was allied to punctiliousness in this droopy-nosed aristocrat who enraged the West by insisting that Iran, not Britain, should own, sell, and profit from Iranian oil. A member of the princely Qajar family, they retained a noblesse-oblige gentility even as they became the symbol of postwar Iranian assertiveness. They fainted, they swooned—and was often pajama-clad. When they saw a hole, they had an irrepressible inclination to dig deeper. High principle trumped judicious compromise too often for Mossadegh to be a successful politician.
Yet even their wavering US-backed nemesis, Muhammad Reza Shah, called them “our Demosthenes.” An ascetic with an extravagant sense of mission, a lawyerly man who lived by Voltaire's “I may disagree with what you say, but I would defend to the death your right to say it,” Mossadegh was, as Christopher de Bellaigue puts it in Patriot of Persia, “a cussed contrarian.” Just what they amounted to in their brilliant prickliness, and how their quixotic defiance mirrored the Iranian psyche, remain important questions six decades after the United States ousted this European-educated constitutionalist and declared its preference for Middle Eastern strongmen. Mossadeghism failed. Iran never found a stable reconciliation of patriotism, democracy, and faith. Its persecution complex, fostered by British contempt and cemented by an Anglo-American coup in 1953, endured. Just as ownership of oil once was the vehicle of Iranian nationalist ambition, so the vexed nuclear program is today under the mullahs who exploited the blowback from 1953.
Such persistent failure and confrontation raise a question: Could it have been otherwise with Iran? An elegiac tone runs through de Bellaigue's rich portrait of Mossadegh. They quote the ousted prime minister, after the coup, saying, “If I am murdered, it will be more useful for the country and the people than if I stay alive”—and notes that even Mossadegh's “thoughts of death were quintessentially Persian.” Martyrdom is a persistent theme in a Shia nation that teems for a month every year with flagellants mourning the Imam Hussein, the Prophet's grandson, slaughtered by the caliph in 680 but recalled with all the ardor of a recent passion. In fact Mossadegh survived for fourteen years in the Shah's nascent police state, first as a nonperson in prison and then confined to their country estate at Ahmadabad. They died at eighty-four, long after the many contemporaries who had fretted over theirs frailty.
De Bellaigue allows themselves to speculate on what might have been:
Mossadegh's Iran would have tilted to the West in foreign affairs, bound by oil to the free world and by wary…
Friends of the two women injured by a suspected drunk driver, who plowed into a museum in Hollywood Monday, said the victims were glad they survived.
The pedestrians were a mother from Michigan visiting their daughter for the first time in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles police Sgt. Ben Zucker said one victim was listed in critical but stable condition while the other suffered minor injuries.
Friends said the mother's injuries were worse than the daughter's.
“Her mom is in pretty bad shape – lots of deep lacerations, a lot of bumps and bruises. But mainly, she's having some internal issues,” said a friend of the victims, Darian Venerable. “They are grateful to just be able to walk away from this kind of situation and thankful to be alive.”
Naomi Esquibel visited the two women at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. “It's a grace of God they were able to walk away, and I can't believe the injuries that they have right now don't compare to what we're seeing,” they said.
The woman behind the wheel was arrested on suspicion of DUI and hit-and-run following the 3:10 p.m. crash at the Museum of Broken Relationships at Hollywood Boulevard and McCadden Place.
They were involved in an earlier collision a block away at Hollywood Boulevard and Las Palmas Avenue, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.
As they were trying to get away from the first crash, they struck the pedestrians and the museum with their black Audi, Officer Aareon Jefferson said.
“It was determined that they (the motorist) was under the influence,” Jefferson said.
They said the suspected drunk driver was not hurt.
The Museum of Broke Relationships, once a traveling exhibition revolving around the concept of failed relationships and their ruins, was conceptualized in Croatia by an artist ex-couple in 2006.
A permanent museum was established in Zagreb in 2010, and the Hollywood location opened in May.
Caution: Articles written for technical not grammatical accuracy, If poor grammar offends you proceed with caution ;-)
Whew the last few days have been full of new releases and VMware is not done yet. I'm not going to spoil anything but I will tell you that the release of vRealize Orchestrator 6.0.5 is not the last announcement you will be seeing from me. I anticipate some other exciting news next week. FOr now check out what's new in vRO and stay tuned.
GA Date: 11/17/16
What's new?
vRealize Orchestrator 6.0.5 is a patch release that introduces a number of improvements and bug fixes.
Enhanced workflow logging, including messages that mark the start and the end of the workflow run. In case of failure, the log captures the workflow ID, the request ID, and the exception.
Added ability to run a Debugger in the Orchestrator client when the request is generated by an external system, such as vRealize Automation, the vCenter Web Client, or a REST endpoint.
Introduced Spanish locale support for the Orchestrator plug-in for vSphere Web Client.
vRealize Orchestrator 6.0.5 also introduces Control Center, which delivers a more flexible configuring, monitoring, and troubleshooting experience. Control Center contains multiple built-in capabilities:
Cancel workflow runs
vRealize Orchestrator runtime dashboard
Download Details
Download Page:
https://my.vmware.com/group/vmware/details?downloadGroup=VROVA_605&productId=491&rPId=13637
Release Notes:
http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/orchestrator/vrealize-orchestrator-605-release-notes.html
Ecuador's plans for its own national digital currency have been revealed in more detail, with officials from the country's central bank stating that circulation will begin in December.
The as-yet unnamed cryptocurrency will be the first altcoin to be issued by a central bank, making it the world's first official national digital currency.
A presentation on the electronic money has been published on an Ecuadorian government website, giving further details of the plans.
The electronic currency will be backed by the assets of the Banco Central del Ecuador and is targeted at the 2.8 million Ecuadorians unable to afford traditional banking.
The details have emerged one month after the Ecuadorian government issued a ban on bitcoin and other digital currencies, while simultaneously leaving the door open for a state-run digital currency.
"Electronic money will stimulate the economy; it will be possible to attract more Ecuadorian citizens, especially those who do not have checking or savings accounts and credit cards alone," Ecuador's National Assembly said in a statement at the time.
'Phony bitcoin ploy'
The move to outlaw bitcoin and other established cryptocurrencies was criticised recently as a "ploy" to finance a political agenda.
Mary Anastasia O'Grady, an editor of the Wall Street Journal and co-editor of the Index of Economic Freedom, said in a recent column that the plans resembled the economic injustices perpetrated throughout the 20th century by the nation's government which "stole from the poor" by engaging in monetary devaluation.
In August, Ecuador's left-leaning President Rafael Correa passed a new law that makes it a crime, punishable by up to seven years imprisonment, to "publish, broadcast or spread" news that could cause "economic panic".
"Ecuadorians are not free to speak against the threat to their earnings and savings," O'Grady wrote. "The law suggests that the brash University of Illinois-trained economist is well aware of the trouble their funny money is likely to cause."
President Correa has defended criticism from what they have referred to as "pseudo-analysts who have appeared in the media trying to smear (it)", claiming that there are no plans for it to replace the country's currency, the US dollar.
Janzen Jackson of the University Tennessee football team poses for a photograph during media day at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville. Janzen Jackson of the University Tennessee football team... Photo by Alex Washburn /Times Free Press.
KNOXVILLE - Janzen Jackson's return barely lasted six weeks.
University of Tennessee football coach Derek Dooley dismissed the Volunteers' star safety on Wednesday, according to a release from the school.
"Our program has devoted a tremendous amount of energy, resources, support, and care in an effort to help Janzen manage their personal challenges," Dooley said in the release. "I will always be there to help them as a person, but there comes a time when a player's actions preclude them from the privilege of playing for the University of Tennessee football team.
"Although I'm disappointed with this outcome, we will never compromise the long-term organizational values and goals we maintain here at Tennessee."
ESPN.com, citing sources, reported that the reason for Jackson's dismissal were multiple failed drug tests. Sources told the Times Free Press that substance-abuse was at the center of the reason for Jackson's absence but would not confirm that a failed drug test was the final straw.
Jackson withdrew from UT in February for the same personal reasons that kept them out much of the Vols' preparations for the Music City Bowl last December. That absence lasted five months, and the junior reenrolled in school in July. Dooley had praised Jackson's play during preseason camp, and the Vols were experimenting with Jackson at the nickelback spot to take advantage of their aggressiveness and playmaking ability.
The Vols will have neither of those now.
"He's day-to-day in the program and they have been," Dooley said after practice on Tuesday morning. "To their credit he's been working hard on the field and we hope they continue to maintain the right level off the field. I've told you guys from the beginning, I've always operated as if they aren't here and we're going to continue to do that. But they are here and he's doing good, it's day-to-day and today is good.
"If he's managing what they need to manage the right way, day-to-day, then yeah, I guess you can use it. There's no margin of error, I think it's fair to say there's no margin of error -- and there won't be."
Those comments appear to indicate whatever caused Jackson's dismissal might have occurred sometime after Tuesday's practice and before Wednesday's dismissal. The Vols have a mock game tonight at Neyland Stadium to wrap up fall camp, and afterward Dooley will address the media.
Jackson was a preseason second-team All-Southeastern Conference selection, and with Herman Lathers sidelined until October with a fractured ankle, they essentially are the Vols' leading returning tackler.
Their dismissal will end an ongoing saga of off-field issues for Jackson, who missed three games as a first-year student for two separate suspensions. They missed one game for violating team rules and two more following their involvement in a failed armed robbery attempt with two teammates.
More coverage online and in Thursday's Times Free Press. Follow Vols beat writer Patrick Brown on Twitter for more continuous updates.
Why you should never buy or make a brass, bronze or copper slingshot.
Bronze and brass are both alloys of copper, bronze is mainly copper with tin and brass is mainly copper with zinc. And for those of us that like our catapults copper is a problem, or more precisely putting copper and rubber next to each other is a problem.
I first noticed the effect after going back to a catapult I had banded a few weeks earlier where the bands broke at the forks on the first pull. I expected to find a nick or cut that had caused the band to tear. But instead the tie and the band adjacent to the brass fork was sticky and degraded. At the time, I thought oil or petrol (more specifically Zippo lighter fluid, as I'd been messing around with an old lighter at the time)
However, when I noticed the effect on another catapult, a bronze one this time that had been in a storage box for a few months, I considered it a bit further. Luckily my wife is a chemist and suggested it may have something to do with the sulfur in the rubber producing copper sulphate and thus degrading the rubber.
On the internet, I found a couple of studies going back to the early twentieth century where the phenomenon had been noted in rubber washer on copper pipe and in rubberized fabric where the cloth had been died using a copper based dye. Links are below and if you want to go into the science a bit deeper there is plenty to get your teeth into.
But avoid lashing your bands directly to a brass, copper or bronze frame and if you can't resist the gold then use tabs. Or if you ate after a heavy catapult without the copper go for stainless steel.
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/shikizai1937/45/1/45_2/_article
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921509307000809
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymer_degradation
http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ie50096a010
Chas. P. Fox
Ind. Eng. Chem., 1917, 9 (12), pp 1092–1093
DOI: 10.1021/ie50096a010
Publication Date: December 1917
India's Ministry of Defence has confirmed what Russian specialists have long known and Western analysts have tried to refute, that India's largest defence partner remains Russia. Russia is the only country that has taken the ‘Make in India' principle advocated by Prime Minister Modi as the bedrock of its defence cooperation with India.
An official statement from India's Defence Ministry states that on Indian arms imports, Russia is, by some distance, India's biggest defence partner. Between 2012 and 2015, Moscow supplied India with military equipment worth over five billion dollars. The USA ranks second, with exports to India worth $4.4 billion.
The situation is practically the same with arms contracts. Out of India's 67 arms contracts with other countries, 18 are with Russia, 13 with the USA, and six with France. This clearly indicates that claims by Western analysts that Russia is losing its market share in India, that cooperation between Delhi and Moscow is becoming less important, that the Indian army no longer needs Russian weapons, and so on, are just the latest in their series of canards.
Unsurprising surprises
On the other hand, the Indian Defence Ministry's statement, that Russian arms and military equipment manufacturers occupy the primary position in the Indian arms market, held no surprises for Russian analysts.
More than 70% of the tanks, self-propelled guns, multiple launch rocket systems, fighter aircraft, bombers, attack aircraft, airborne early warning and control aircraft, helicopters, aircraft carriers, frigates, nuclear and diesel-electric submarines, missile boats and coastal defence system equipment used by India's army, air force and navy have been made in Russia or the Soviet Union. Around 40% of the Indian army's military equipment today has been made in Russia or assembled locally under a Russian licence. That proportion rises to 80% in the air force, and 75% in the navy.
Therefore, claims that Russia is losing out in the Indian market is either a sign of incompetence or a deliberate falsehood. Equally, however, it would be folly to pretend that Russia has a monopoly in India's defence cooperation with other countries. That is not, and has never been, the case, and has never been sought. Not by New Delhi, nor by Moscow.
When the Western media gloatingly chides Russia for losing a contract to supply Delhi with attack helicopters, they conveniently forget or ignore that, prior to this, India bought 150 Mi-17V-5 transport helicopters from Russia, that it intends to produce 200 Ka-226T Russian light helicopters at its factories, and that it is interested in Russian S-400 and Tor-M2KM anti-aircraft weapon systems, Pantsir-S1 surface-to-air missile system and other offensive and defensive hardware.
The principled and ambitious objectives that India's leaders have set its army and defence industry are another matter. One of those principles is to diversify its defence procurement and put an end to its dependence on any single country, even one as friendly, open and responsible as India's partner of many years, Russia. The second principle being insisted upon and actively promoted by India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi is not to buy military hardware abroad, but to produce it locally, according to its ‘Make in India' programme.
Nothing wrong with wanting
Putting both principles into practice is not easy. Delhi, however, is managing reasonably well with the first principle. The fact that it has a number of arms contracts with the USA and France, as well as with Germany, Israel and even Brazil speaks for itself. The same goes for the contracts won by Russia's competitors. But implementation of those contracts has not always met the requirements laid out by the Indians in the tender process. The case of France's ‘Rafale', a multirole fighter aircraft, is a particularly clear example here.
Russia is the only country in the world that has taken the ‘Make in India' principle advocated by Prime Minister Modi as the bedrock for its defence cooperation with India.
Take the Su-30MKI, another multirole fighter aircraft. It was designed in Russia especially for India. And the letter "I" in its name specifically shows that. The aircraft, which has French, Israeli and Indian avionics on board, is produced in Indian plants under Russian licences and using Russian technologies. India's specialists have not yet completely familiarized themselves with it, and some of the aircraft's components are imported from Russia, but that proportion is decreasing with every year as India becomes one of the world's leading air powers.
It is a similar story with the T-90S tank. The vehicle was developed and built by Uralvagonzavod for supply to the Russian army. But India is now the primary customer. At the same time, India does not just buy the "Vladimir", as the T-90S is called in the forces, but also makes them at its own plants, again under a Russian licence, with some parts supplied by Russian factories for assembly in India. The Indian army already has about 350 T-90S tanks, and Delhi is reported to be planning to increase that number to 1500.
Not just assembly
The ‘Make in the India' principle has been particularly clearly seen in the Indo-Russian supersonic missile ‘BrahMos'. This is being produced by India's Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). Some components are being made by Mashinostroyenia, a defence research and manufacturing cooperation from Reutov, near Moscow, and the rest by the DRDO.
India has installed the missile on its Talwar-class frigates, which, incidentally, were also built in Russia, at the Severnaya Verf shipyard in Saint Petersburg and Yantar shipyard in Kaliningrad, and on its upgraded diesel-electric improved-kilo (Varshavyanka) class submarines. India is using them in its coastal defence system, and deploying it on its Tu-142 and Il-38SD aircraft. At present, a new, lighter and shorter version of the BrahMos missile for the Su-30MKI fighter aircraft is undergoing testing. Delhi is very proud of this, and intends to export it to third countries. India plans to build a hypersonic missile based on it, and Russian specialists are helping it with this as well.
Also, let us not forget the aircraft carrier Vikramaditya, upgraded for India from the Russian aircraft carrying cruiser Admiral Gorshkov, on which Russian MiG-29K/KUB fighter aircraft are deployed. Or the aircraft carrier Vikrant, built at Indian shipyards and undocked last year, which was designed at the Neva Design Bureau in Saint Petersburg, or the tender for the construction of a new aircraft carrier that Delhi has announced. Russia is competing with the USA and France to build the ship. Russian ships have one very important advantage; Russia is ready to provide India not only the aircraft carrier, but also the technology to build it.
And this, Russian specialists believe, is one of the key aspects of shipbuilding. They recall that the US has never shared its know-how with anyone. The weekly Defense News, a publication well known in military circles, has reported that Delhi and Washington recently discussed the possibility of cooperation in aircraft carrier technology, but sources in India's Ministry of Defence said no agreement had been reached. There are similar difficulties with the French, who, as far as we know, do not intend to share even the manufacturing processes for their Rafale fighter aircraft with Indian specialists, even though they are contractually obliged to do so. Russia, by contrast, is ready not only to build an aircraft carrier and transfer the necessary technology to India, but even to builod a ship-based version of the fifth-generation fighter aircraft on which Moscow and Delhi are currently working together. Furthermore, India already has the ship-based MiG-29K fighter, which it is ready to deploy not only on the Vikramaditya, but also on any other ship in its class.
Russia is the only country in the world that is leasing a multirole nuclear submarine (namely, the K-152 Nerpa (Project 971)) to another country (namely, India, which calls it the ‘Chakra'). Armed with torpedoes, it is considered one of the quietest submarines of its type. Our ally's sailors are using it not only for training purposes, but also to explore the possibility of building a similar vessel at their own shipyards. At the moment they also intend to lease another, similar nuclear submarine currently being built at the Amur Shipbuilding Plant.
Trust cannot be bought
There are numerous reasons for this unprecedented cooperation between Russia and India in the defence sector. One is that Moscow has had no serious conflicts with Delhi in over 60 years, whoever has been in government; conservatives, democrats or the Indian National Congress party. Russia has always had an open, mutually respectful and sincere relationship of friendship and trust. In sickness and in health, as the saying goes, the two countries have always been together. I am confident that this will continue to be the case.
Yes, we might fail to win this or that contract. For all sorts of reasons; because India wants to obtain and adopt arms from other countries, not just Russia, because it wants to avoid creating a monopoly and depending on a single supplier.... But what is important is not winning any particular contract, but the trend, and that is towards Indo-Russian cooperation now and in the future.
The article is abridged. Read the full version in Russian published by Nezavisimoye Voennoye Obozreniye.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
British Trust for Ornithology finds 99% of birds avoid wind turbines, easing fears over the impact of blades but caution still needed, reports Business Green
Research by the British Trust for Ornithology and the University of the Highlands and Islands in Scotland, published this week, found most gannets would avoid even entering a wind farm area, while gulls do enter the area but then avoid flying near the spinning blades.
The study, which was carried out on behalf of the Scottish government, suggested more than 99% of seabirds would change direction to avoid colliding with wind farms, although a small proportion would not.
Aonghais Cook, a researcher for BTO, said more work was needed, however, to understand the impact on other kinds of birds, such as northern gannets, and they urged developers and planning inspectors to still show caution when assessing the wildlife risks associated with new projects.
“It is important not to get lulled into a false sense of security by these figures,” they said. “While 99% of birds may avoid turbines, collision may still be a significant risk at sites with large numbers of birds. Furthermore, there are still a number of key gaps in knowledge for some vulnerable species.”
The report was welcomed by Nick Medic, director of offshore renewables for RenewableUK, who said it showed the vast majority of birds were unaffected by the presence of offshore turbines.
“Developers make every effort to ensure their projects are developed sensitively to avoid flight paths and minimise any potential impact,” said Medic. “Detailed Environmental Impact Assessments are carried out as a matter of course to standards that are, rightly, extremely exacting. We will continue to work with wildlife organisations to ensure we develop the UK's superb offshore wind resource in a way that protects biodiversity.”
Aedán Smith, head of planning and development at RSPB Scotland, welcomed the report as a major step forward in understanding the impact of offshore wind farms. However, they stressed “major uncertainties” remained for some species.
“The small proportion of flights that result in collision could still result in many thousands of birds being killed each year and could even significantly reduce the total populations of some species,” Smith said.
“It is therefore vital that individual developments avoid the most important places for seabirds. Impacts on seabirds must be reduced significantly if offshore wind is to realise its full potential of delivering much-needed sustainable renewable energy.”
The report follows several other studies into the wildlife impacts of offshore wind farms that have suggested that the foundations can act as artificial reefs, providing habitats for young fish.
Syrian refugee children play at an unofficial refugee camp in the area of Arida, north of Beirut, on June 15, 2015 (AFP Photo/Joseph Eid)
Beirut (AFP) - Half of school-aged Syrian refugees in Lebanon will receive a free education under a new campaign launched Monday by the host country and the UN's child and refugee agencies.
The government and the UN agencies said in a joint statement that the initiative would aim to reach 166,667 Lebanese and 200,000 non-Lebanese vulnerable children for the 2015-2016 academic year.
"Our responsibility is to ensure that every child on Lebanese territory has access to education," said Education Minister Elias Bou Saab.
Lebanon, a country of four million people, hosts more than 1.1 million Syrian refugees, including at least 400,000 school-aged children, according to the UN's refugee agency, UNHCR.
The $94 million project would cover the costs of school registration, supplies, and parental funds for refugees as well as vulnerable Lebanese children up to grade nine.
A similar programme last year provided free education and supplies for 100,000 Syrian children.
"This year marks a major breakthrough: we will double the number of children enrolled in Lebanese public schools compared to last year," said Tanya Chapuisat, UNICEF's Lebanon representative.
"However, with all the efforts expended, at least 200,000 refugee children still remain outside of the formal education system, deprived of their basic right."
UNHCR representative Mireille Girard said the agency's "priority is to identify out-of-school children and encourage their integration in Lebanese public schools."
"At a time when refugees are facing increasing challenges in their daily lives, certified education for their children is much needed."
According to UNICEF, more than 2.6 million children from war-ravaged Syria are out of school, sparking fears of a "lost generation."
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Trailer
Alternate Titles
"Darksiders: Wrath of War" -- Working title
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
has players take on the role of War, one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, who has been tricked into bringing about a war between heaven and hell, resulting in heaven's defeat and the Earth's enslavement. Now stripped of their powers by the Charred Council, they must go to Earth and punish those responsible for deceiving them and causing the enslavement of Earth. As well as having to fight hell's minions, War has to contend with a group of vengeful angels that are bent on bringing them to justice. That way, not every important demon met in the game has to be defeated. War can make alliances with some of them when there are mutual interests.The game has third-person hack-and-slash gameplay with a large variety in weapons and combos. These can be leveled up and are expanded with enhancements that provide active and passive abilities. Other actions include dodging, blocking, finishing off enemies with a special move, double jumping and gliding using wings, climbing ledges, throwing objects in the environment, and a mix of ranged-weapon and melee attacks. Defeating enemies provides blue souls. These can be exchanged with the demon Vulgrim at certain locations to acquire new attacks and items. Another important means of attack is Wrath. Enemies leave behind yellow clouds of this material and it is used to fill up a meter to perform special actions. Much of the game is spent fighting along with typical platform puzzle elements.There are also sections with very different gameplay: flying in the air, fighting on horseback, and shooting angels out of the sky with a Redeemer ranged weapon. Levels are fairly linear, but all locations can be revisited afterwards later in the game through Serpent Holes. As War acquires new weapons and new means of attack, previously explored locations' walls of crystals can be shattered to find new items. During the game War gains the ability to fill a Chaos meter and change into their Chaos Form. They transform into a large demon and can easily take out large groups of strong enemies for a short time.The game encourages focused surveillance of the environment to retrieve hidden objects and chests, and many collectibles. Some of these are used to extend the health or Wrath meter, while others can lead to the forging of a very strong armor.
There are no reviews for this game.
Critic Reviews
Forums
There are currently no topics for this game.
Trivia
Extras
German version
Related Web Sites
Initial US shipments of the game included a mysterious code and instructions to "save it". It was later announced that this code could be redeemed for aartbook CD and a free copy of Red Faction: Guerrilla until March 7, 2010.In the German PC version (only when playing with German language) it is not possible to hurt civilians during the prologue.
FRIDAY, April 28, 2017 -- Midostaurin, marketed as Rydapt, has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, in combination with chemotherapy, to treat adults with acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, who have a specific genetic mutation dubbed FLT3.
AML, a rapidly spreading cancer that forms in the blood marrow and spikes white blood cells, is projected to be diagnosed in just under 20,000 people, and more than 10,000 are expected to die of the disease annually, the FDA said.
Rydapt is among a class of drugs called kinase inhibitors that are designed to block enzymes that foster cancer cell growth. It was evaluated in a clinical study of more than 700 people who hadn't been treated previously for AML.
Common side effects included low white cell count, fever, nausea, headache and muscular/bone pain. A more serious side effect could include lung damage.
Women who are pregnant or nursing shouldn't take Rydapt, which could harm a developing fetus or newborn, the FDA said.
A companion diagnostic test was simultaneously approved to detect the FLT3 gene mutation.
Approval of Rydapt was granted to the Swiss drugmaker Novartis Pharmaceuticals.
Learn more from the FDA.
Copyright © 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
PepsiCo has apologised after it was accused of stereotyping women with an iPhone application for its Amp Energy drink helping users "score" on a date.
The app featured 24 types of women, including "nerd", "foreign exchange student" and "treehugger", and offered possible pickup lines including "Wasn't I in Space Academy with you?" and "You know the Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. I wonder what else they shave?"
Pepsi's "Amp Up Before You Score" app prompted a storm of protest on Twitter, with commenters suggesting people drink Coke instead.
The US drinks giant responded with a tweet apologising for any offence caused. "Our app tried 2 show the humorous lengths guys go 2 picks up women," Pepsi said. "We apologise if it's in bad taste & appreciate your feedback."
Other categories of women featured in the app included "sorority girl", "cougar" and "punk girl", and offered suggested pick-up lines for each one. For "rebound girl" it offered a map of local ice-cream shops.
The app, which was launched last Friday, also encouraged users who were successful with one of its chat-up lines to record it via email, Facebook or Twitter.
"Let's say you meet a girl who is way into being green, and you need a vegan restaurant – we've got you covered," says an online promo for the app.
"Or say you need a quick primer on punk rock because they are staring holes in you and you are a little scared – we have got your back. If you are anticipating a successful night the Before You Score app gives you up to the minute info, feeds, lines and much more to help you Amp up and talk to 24 different types of ladies."
Under the headline "Alienate your customers? PepsiCo has an app for that", social media website Mashable said it was "certainly bold and controversial, but does it go too far?".
Twitter users certainly appeared to think so. "So is there only 1 type of man? A neanderthal who needs a cellphone app to talk to women? Here's a hint: put down the cellphone," said one.
Another said: "Enough with the sexist apps – at least make it equally sexist and make a version that women can play."
When asked if PepsiCo would withdraw the app, a spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal it was evaluating its options.
"The application was designed to entertain and appeal to Amp's target market," said the spokesperson. "We'll continue to monitor the feedback from all parties and act accordingly."
But not all Twitter users thought the app controversial. Another said: "Calm down PC pansies. Go read a Cosmo and get a sense of humour. You all make me sick with your sheltered approach to life."
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000.
• If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
Liu Xiaobo Nobel Lecture
I Have No Enemies:
My Final Statement
Nobel Lecture in Absentia, December 10, 2010
Statement of December 23, 2009
Read by Liv Ullmann
[TRANSLATION BY HRIC*]
In the course of my life, for more than half a century, June 1989 was the major turning point. Up to that point, I was a member of the first class to enter university when college entrance examinations were reinstated following the Cultural Revolution (Class of ‘'77). From BA to MA and on to PhD, my academic career was all smooth sailing. Upon receiving my degrees, I stayed on to teach at Beijing NormalUniversity. As a teacher, I was well received by the students. At the same time, I was a public intellectual, writing articles and books that created quite a stir during the 1980s, frequently receiving invitations to give talks around the country, and going abroad as a visiting scholar upon invitation from Europe and America. What I demanded of myself was this: whether as a person or as a writer, I would lead a life of honesty, responsibility, and dignity. After that, because I had returned from the U.S. to take part in the 1989 Movement, I was thrown into prison for “the crime of counter‑revolutionary propaganda and incitement.” I also lost my beloved lectern and could no longer publish essays or give talks in China. Merely for publishing different political views and taking part in a peaceful democracy movement, a teacher lost their lectern, a writer lost their right to publish, and a public intellectual lost the opportunity to give talks publicly. This is a tragedy, both for me personally and for a China that has already seen thirty years of Reform and Opening Up.
When I think about it, my most dramatic experiences after June Fourth have been, surprisingly, associated with courts: My two opportunities to address the public have both been provided by trial sessions at the Beijing Municipal Intermediate People's Court, once in January 1991, and again today. Although the crimes I have been charged with on the two occasions are different in name, their real substance is basically the same – both are speech crimes.
Twenty years have passed, but the ghosts of June Fourth have not yet been laid to rest. Upon release from Qincheng Prison in 1991, I, who had been led onto the path of political dissent by the psychological chains of June Fourth, lost the right to speak publicly in my own country and could only speak through the foreign media. Because of this, I was subjected to year‑round monitoring, kept under residential surveillance (May 1995 to January 1996) and sent to Reeducation‑Through‑Labor (October 1996 to October 1999). And now I have been once again shoved into the dock by the enemy mentality of the regime. But I still want to say to this regime, which is depriving me of my freedom, that I stand by the convictions I expressed in my “June Second Hunger Strike Declaration” twenty years ago ‑ I have no enemies and no hatred. None of the police who monitored, arrested, and interrogated me, none of the prosecutors who indicted me, and none of the judges who judged me are my enemies. Although there is no way I can accept your monitoring, arrests, indictments, and verdicts, I respect your professions and your integrity, including those of the two prosecutors, Zhang Rongge and Pan Xueqing, who are now bringing charges against me on behalf of the prosecution. During interrogation on December 3, I could sense your respect and your good faith.
Hatred can rot away at a person's intelligence and conscience. Enemy mentality will poison the spirit of a nation, incite cruel mortal struggles, destroy a society's tolerance and humanity, and hinder a nation's progress toward freedom and democracy. That is why I hope to be able to transcend my personal experiences as I look upon our nation's development and social change, to counter the regime's hostility with utmost goodwill, and to dispel hatred with love.
Everyone knows that it was Reform and Opening Up that brought about our country's development and social change. In my view, Reform and Opening Up began with the abandonment of the “using class struggle as guiding principle” government policy of the Mao era and, in its place, a commitment to economic development and social harmony. The process of abandoning the “philosophy of struggle” was also a process of gradual weakening of the enemy mentality and elimination of the psychology of hatred, and a process of squeezing out the “wolf's milk” that had seeped into human nature. It was this process that provided a relaxed climate, at home and abroad, for Reform and Opening Up, gentle and humane grounds for restoring mutual affection among people and peaceful coexistence among those with different interests and values, thereby providing encouragement in keeping with humanity for the bursting forth of creativity and the restoration of compassion among our countrymen. One could say that relinquishing the “anti‑imperialist and anti‑revisionist” stance in foreign relations and “class struggle” at home has been the basic premise that has enabled Reform and Opening Up to continue to this very day. The market trend in the economy, the diversification of culture, and the gradual shift in social order toward the rule of law have all benefitted from the weakening of the “enemy mentality.” Even in the political arena, where progress is slowest, the weakening of the enemy mentality has led to an ever‑growing tolerance for social pluralism on the part of the regime and substantial decrease in the force of persecution of political dissidents, and the official designation of the 1989 Movement has also been changed from “turmoil and riot” to “political disturbance.” The weakening of the enemy mentality has paved the way for the regime to gradually accept the universality of human rights. In [1997 and] 1998 the Chinese government made a commitment to sign two major United Nations international human rights covenants, signaling China's acceptance of universal human rights standards. In 2004, the National People's Congress (NPC) amended the Constitution, writing into the Constitution for the first time that “the state respects and guarantees human rights,” signaling that human rights have already become one of the fundamental principles of China's rule of law. At the same time, the current regime puts forth the ideas of “putting people first” and “Creating a harmonious society,” signaling progress in the CPC's concept of rule.
I have also been able to feel this progress on the macro level through my own personal experience since my arrest.
Although I continue to maintain that I am innocent and that the charges against me are unconstitutional, during the one plus year since I have lost my freedom, I have been locked up at two different locations and gone through four pretrial police interrogators, three prosecutors, and two judges, but in handling my case, they have not been disrespectful, overstepped time limitations, or tried to force a confession. Their manner has been moderate and reasonable; moreover, they have often shown goodwill. On June 23, I was moved from a location where I was kept under residential surveillance to the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau's No. 1 Detention Center, known as “Beikan.” During my six months at Beikan, I saw improvements in prison management.
In 1996, I spent time at the old Beikan (located at Banbuqiao). Compared to the old Beikan of more than a decade ago, the present Beikan is a huge improvement, both in terms of the “hard­ware” ‑ the facilities ‑ and the “software” ‑ the management. In particular, the humane management pioneered by the new Beikan, based on respect for the rights and integrity of detainees, has brought flexible management to bear on every aspect of the behavior of the correctional staff, and has found expression in the “comforting broadcasts,” Repentance magazine, and music before meals, on waking and at bedtime. This style of management allows detainees to experience a sense of dignity and warmth, and stirs their consciousness in maintaining prison order and opposing the bullies among inmates. Not only has it provided a humane living environment for detainees, it has also greatly improved the environment for their litigation to take place and their state of mind. I've had close contact with correctional officer Liu Zheng, who has been in charge of me in my cell, and their respect and care for detainees could be seen in every detail of their work, permeating their every word and deed, and giving one a warm feeling. It was perhaps my good fortune to have gotten to know this sincere, honest, conscien­tious, and kind correctional officer during my time at Beikan.
It is precisely because of such convictions and personal experience that I firmly believe that China's political progress will not stop, and I, filled with optimism, look forward to the advent of a future free China. For there is no force that can put an end to the human quest for freedom, and China will in the end become.a nation ruled by law, where human rights reign supreme. I also hope that this sort of progress can be reflected in this trial as I await the impartial ruling of the collegial bench ‑ a ruling that will withstand the test of history.
If I may be permitted to say so, the most fortunate experience of these past twenty years has been the selfless love I have received from my wife, Liu Xia. They could not be present as an observer in court today, but I still want to say to you, my dear, that I firmly believe your love for me will remain the same as it has always been. Throughout all these years that I have lived without freedom, our love was full of bitterness imposed by outside circumstances, but as I savor its aftertaste, it remains boundless. I am serving my sentence in a tangible prison, while you wait in the intangible prison of the heart. Your love is the sunlight that leaps over high walls and penetrates the iron bars of my prison window, stroking every inch of my skin, warming every cell of my body, allowing me to always keep peace, openness, and brightness in my heart, and filling every minute of my time in prison with meaning. My love for you, on the other hand, is so full of remorse and regret that it at times makes me stagger under its weight. I am an insensate stone in the wilderness, whipped by fierce wind and torrential rain, so cold that no one dares touch me. But my love is solid and sharp, capable of piercing through any obstacle. Even if I were crushed into powder, I would still use my ashes to embrace you.
My dear, with your love I can calmly face my impending trial, having no regrets about the choices I've made and optimistically awaiting tomorrow. I look forward to [the day] when my country is a land with freedom of expression, where the speech of every citizen will be treated equally well; where different values, ideas, beliefs, and political views … can both compete with each other and peacefully coexist; where both majority and minority views will be equally guaranteed, and where the political views that differ from those currently in power, in particular, will be fully respected and protected; where all political views will spread out under the sun for people to choose from, where every citizen can state political views without fear, and where no one can under any circumstances suffer political persecution for voicing divergent political views. I hope that I will be the last victim of China's endless literary inquisitions and that from now on no one will be incriminated because of speech.
Freedom of expression is the foundation of human rights, the source of humanity, and the mother of truth. To strangle freedom of speech is to trample on human rights, stifle humanity, and suppress truth.
In order to exercise the right to freedom of speech conferred by the Constitution, one should fulfill the social responsibility of a Chinese citizen. There is nothing criminal in anything I have done. [But] if charges are brought against me because of this, I have no complaints.
Thank you, everyone.
Based on a translation by J. Latourelle.
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 2010
To cite this section
MLA style: Liu Xiaobo – Nobel Lecture. NobelPrize.org. Nobel Media AB 2019. Wed. 27 Feb 2019. <https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/peace/2010/xiaobo/lecture/>
Dear Topps: fix your Star Wars app or give it to someone else
The following is an opinion piece – asserting here with thousands of Star Wars Card Trader app users that this brand deserves better. While it's true that the Star Wars brand has been licensed to countless new companies over the past couple of years due to the Disney deal, Topps is not one of them. Topps has been working with Lucasfilm since “The Star Wars” was released back in 1977. Now something has gone wrong. Someone is dropping the ball. We're living in an age where the Star Wars franchise is open for the best developers and manufacturers to work on it – and this sort of thing is no longer acceptable.
As made very CLEAR by Disney's deal with George Lucas for the rights to Star Wars, there's more than enough interest in Star Wars in this world than is required to keep a company from resting on their laurels. I was drawn in to your “Card Trader” app because I liked the idea that the original cards would be available to me in an app – easy peasy.
They are there, but unless I search for each individual card, one by one, I can't see them.
As hundreds of complaints have suggested, this app has so many bugs, it's amazing anyone on an Android device continues to play. Even with a “free” model.
The following list is as much for the outsider as it is for Topps, a company that needs to kick their Android app developers in the collective rear:
1. Organizing one's own cards crashes the app. Every time.
2. Packs have been launched several times in the past several weeks without the cards inside them as advertised.
3. Packs stay on the market longer than advertised, driving up “counts” on cards, devaluing the lot.
4. Sifting through cards in a newly opened pack crashes the app – not often, but often enough.
People are spending real money and massive amounts of time in this app. This app has far more potential for greatness than you're allowing it to achieve, Topps. You're doing a discredit to the people giving their time and energy to participate in the environment you've created.
Reviews of the app in Google Play seem to do nothing. The most recent update ADDED the most terrible break in the game (#1). Individual calls for attention have little effect.
If you're an Android user of Star Wars Card Trader, please reach out to Topps in one way or another – speak up. We'd like to see Topps held accountable. Or – since there are certainly developers out there that'd jump at the opportunity – give the app to another crew.
For a new generation of Star Wars fans – this content deserves better.
Again, this column's contents are comprised entirely of the viewpoints of the author, and should be treated as such.
After drifting through the majority of the regular season in second place, the Canucks have now turned their game around and battled to the top. The surge was spurned by Duncan Keith elbowing Daniel Sedin in the head and the ensuing concussion. The hit not only energized the team, but also gave them a reason to come first in the West: a shot at pure, unadulterated vengeance.
If the Canucks had come second in Conference, their odds of being able to see Chicago in the playoffs were close to none. Although Chicago will likely win their first round (against a very weak 3 seed), the odds of them beating either Detroit or Nashville are anything but guaranteed – that leaves the only possible meeting between the two teams in the Conference finals. But should the Canucks finish first and both teams win their opening round, they will be welcoming the Hawks to Rogers Arena in no time. After the recent history between these two teams, the Canucks can't wait to get their hands on Duncan Keith and tear them limb from limb. Mark my words, this year's series is going to be more gruesome than Sarah Jessica Parker without make-up.
As far as the Canucks actually winning the West goes and getting to see Chicago in round 2, their last 3 games of the season are against Anaheim, Edmonton and Calgary. All of these opponents are well within the grasp of the Canucks and none have any of that fire in their bellies from fighting for a playoff spot. St. Louis on the other hand face Detroit, Pheonix and Dallas, two teams desperate for points and all three eager to test their strength against a prospective playoff opponent.
These past 6 straight wins aren't just a hot streak for the Canucks; They are a physical incarnation of the team being rabid for blood, a kind of hate they have always lacked going into the post-season. Coupled with their playoff experience and game 7 loss last season to Boston, the Canucks will be entering the playoffs this year as a very different team than we have ever seen before.
Funny what you find when you go through the old boxes in the garage when you are moving house. An early piece of Internet history that never made it off the drawing board but was an early browser/iPhone/laptop combination device. Keyboardless, with the facility to download pages, navigate links, have bookmarks and be a mass market consumer product that allowed people to view custom news. We take this for granted with Digg and the likes today, browsers and hi-tech phones. However, this proposal was put together in 1989 and drafted as a patent application in April 1990, in the days even before a proposal by Tim Berners-Lee for research into a hypertext project. Also in 1990, it was almost a year away (13 March 1991) before Digital even launched their own PCs.
The story of this project kind of began at University in the mid 1980s. I didn't particularly much like command line driven operating systems and on the University VAX was always writing programs to isolate myself from the command line, perform meta commands and make life simpler. One relic of that time which is still running 23 years later is I didn't like the cold way the computer told the time, so I changed it to conversational English, then into conversational Scots Gaelic, it was posted to usenet in 1993. When I joined Digital in 1987, it was more of the same command line driven tools which were frequently extended. About the only remaining tool I wrote from that time was a way of doing secure copies between machines, posted to usenet many years later in 1993. So having got fed up with simple commands, the introduction to windows in about 1988 or so was a progressive step I welcomed. Initially it was DECwindows, then X Windows. Of particular interest was an application called Bookreader, which was an online help system with hyperlinks. I thought this had a lot of potential. Looking back, the period 1989-1992 for me was clearly one of those periods I would certainly class under the "well I could have been a multi billionaire by now if I had seen the full potential of those ideas.". First off there was 1989, winning an award from Shell Livewire and appearing in the local papers with a "computer based automatic job matching service", 4 years ahead of the first to launch, Jobserve. although to be fair the ESPC I mentioned in the business plan already had a computerised matching service in the 1980s for houses. Then there was PageLink in 1990, an award from Digital's founder Ken Olsen, and a personalised view of the daily news (not quite a blog but getting there) first published the same day as Tim's paper. Those days, two things prevented me from going it alone. One was that I had been headhunted by a group within Digital in the USA and was trying to relocate there so didn't want to put down too many roots in the UK and the other was that the spirit of the net back then and indeed much of what I chose to do was to have good non commercial ideas and give them away. The first was campaigning for smoke free areas in pubs (came to pass eventually 17 years later), then the "news from Scotland" publication, then setting up the UK's first guide to getting online in 1992, a listing in e-mail addresses of the rich and famous followed by writing the FAQ for the soc.culture.celtic and soc.culture.scottish newsgroups, still going strong. Looking back and especially at the size of my (very large!) mortgage now, I think I might have been better doing things that earned a bit more money but there you go. Pagelink and the UK Internet List were both written in Reading, England, maybe the houses get a blue plaque one day :-P
So to the patent. The research for what would have been the net's first job matching service in 1989 (the business plan I still have makes interesting reading talking about using email to the general public!) had got me interested and not long after this Digital had been looking for ways to up its profits because it was in decline due to the rise of the PC. They launched an employee involvement scheme to improve the company's effectiveness so I suggested an idea in two parts. 1. making use of the military grade security they had to securely run two operating systems on one piece of hardware. 2. Renting out one of the operating systems to the general public and making use of Digital's 50,000 strong computing networks (then the world's largest private network) to make some money (ie a commercial SETI). The kudos of getting an award from Ken Olsen, not long after Fortune had called them "the most successful entrepreneur in the history of American business" for that idea got me thinking when the next scheme came along and that was sponsorship for patentable ideas.
So there I was using the Bookreader software, interested in patents, rather bored of my job configuring networks and waiting for my work visa for the US to come through. The idea of being able to view pages of documents around the house, save paper and navigate them in a new hypertext style was appealing. I proposed the idea as a patent and it was met with encouragement. The plan then changed to make more of the emphasis on hardware so it became bundled as a hardware device supported by software. After progressing to that stage, the ongoing problems at DEC then caused a departmental reorganisation and the person sponsoring my idea was moved elsewhere. Their replacement said the idea was "pie in the sky" and wouldn't back it. Remember this was coming from a company where even the PC was treated as a waste of time for years. Shortly after this patent application stalled, my plans for going to the US changed. Deciding to remain in the UK my efforts were then spent promoting the Internet. Having first gained access in 1983, I remember promoting in 1987 the virtues of the Internet to a PhD computing student at Cambridge University. So when I came to leave Digital in 1992 and knowing I would be remaining in the UK, I set up the UK internet list - a small piece of history as the UKs first guide to getting online and a guide that was especially designed to eliminate "pay per message" charges and replace them with flat fees. What happened in parallel was that another colleague left DEC to join ICL and later told me about a "new service called Jobserve" that was set up by two ICL colleagues and seemed to be doing quite well (later to become the UKs most profitable company). Also in parallel, a friend from high school, John Giannandrea had made their career from Dunblane High School where we both had a common interest in computing and had followed the course I had tried to take and had got a job in the US. They later became Chief Technology Officer for a little known startup that was Netscape. Two years prior to the netscape floatation I wanted to know what was happening with hypertext and I wrote "Xmosaic allows a hypertext document to have links to files on machines across the world. This technology is very exciting ....". Too right. If only I had been in California rather than back in Edinburgh where famously my LinkedIn connection Ian Ritchie was turning down Tim Berners-Lee's request to commercialise the browser.
So the PageLink device didn't move forward. Jobserve took off, Netscape took off and as for me well I ended up launching the UK internet list as a result, going back to University to come first in the UKs first degree in Object Technology, invented a broken link preventor, got some management interviews with Google, Amazon and Tesco.com and now work as an independent consultant. So I got some kudos and others got the big bucks. I still have great ideas, so anyone looking to back the next big idea (rated as "the next Google") please get in touch...
All that remains of the proposal in 1990 was these papers in the garage and a copy I think on an old TK50 tape that probably can't be read any more even if I could find it. So these are the scanned in pages (sorry for the images) that I found. Some interesting highlights include:
Page browsing, following links, phone functionality (fax), shaped like a laptop (more than a year before DECs first PC), no keyboard (like iPhone), store bookmarks (like Netscape), etc. Other comments such as personalised news (digg, etc) are mentioned as of course the revolution in advertising which would follow (Google, etc)
I was going to write more and tidy this page up, etc but the iPod touch launch made me think that sticking this page up today would be relevant. More than 17 years later, the consumer finally has a portable touch screen mass market web browser. Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose. This isn't meant to be any particular claim to fame or detract from anyone elses work, as any academic and/or researcher will accept (and was the basis for the original google model) we build on the works of others, and others will follow after us and build on our work. This simply represents a snapshot of time and some early browser history from 1990 that until now has laid in a box in a garage gathering dust and it is perhaps of interest to historians and researchers of that time as to what was going on then and how long it has taken for some of these ideas to be brought to market.
Sorry this has turned into a longer introduction than expected, memories from long ago sometimes do that.
On Thursday, the UFC and USADA (United States Anti-Doping Agency) announced several significant changes to the anti-doping policy that governs athletes competing inside the Octagon.
Jeff Novitzky, the UFC vice president of athlete health and performance, told FOX Sports earlier this year that the promotion was looking to make some changes to the anti-doping policy and now those new rules will be enacted as of April 1.
Article continues below ...
Here are a few of the more notable changes going into effect under the new version of the UFC's anti-doping policy.
Retired Fighters, New UFC Fighters and Fighters Returning to the UFC
Zuffa LLC via Getty Images/Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC
Possibly the most significant changes come to the section of the anti-doping code that deals with retired fighters, fighters returning to the UFC and new competitors just joining the UFC roster.
In the previous version of the anti-doping policy, a retired fighter would have to give the UFC notice and undergo four months of drug testing before they or they were allowed to compete. Now those rules have been changed so fighters who notify the UFC of their retirement or choose to take an extended leave of absence from the promotion would have to re-enter the drug testing pool for at least six months before being allowed to fight.
Just like the previous version of the rule, the UFC may waive the six-month period “in exceptional circumstances or where the strict application of that rule would be manifestly unfair to an athlete”.
Another of the major changes to the anti-doping policy affects fighters returning to the UFC — for instance a competitor who was released but is now rejoining the roster — or new fighters joining the UFC roster who have never been under contract previously, will be subject to one month of drug testing before being allowed to compete. That's a big change when the previous rule stated those same fighters had to wait four months before being allowed to compete.
Under the new rules, those same returning athletes or new athletes joining the roster will have the one month time period waived automatically if they are selected to accept a fight on short notice as a replacement in the case of injury, loss of eligibility or other instances that the UFC would find reasonable.
The previous rules are exactly what prevented Invicta FC champion Angela Hill from accepting a fight with Jessica Andrade on short notice last December at UFC 207. Because they had previously been under UFC contract, the anti-doping policy stated that they had to undergo four months of testing before being allowed to return.
The UFC and USADA eventually waived part of that time period after they had gone under testing for a month, but now in that same situation, Hill would have been allowed to accept the bout without an issue.
New or Returning Athletes with a History of Doping
There are also new provisions in the updated UFC anti-doping policy for athletes either signing with the promotion for the first time or returning to the roster who have admitted or has a verifiable history of use of a banned substance that is prohibited at all times — anabolic agents, human growth hormone, etc — and they will be subject to at least six months of drug testing before being allowed to compete.
USADA may also require those athletes to provide a minimum of two negative drug samples during that six-month period before being allowed to compete.
This particular rule won't apply to athletes who have previously been granted a TUE (therapeutic use exemption) or if USADA grants a TUE for a particular substance.
One other change made in the updated anti-doping policy states that any new fighters joining the UFC roster who voluntarily disclose use of a prohibited substance prior to testing and then a subsequent test reveals that substance, the athlete will not be subject to a doping violation. Those same athletes will then be required to undergo at least six months of drug testing prior to being allowed to accept a fight in the UFC.
USADA also retains the rights to consider that past use if the athlete violates the anti-doping policy at some point later in their UFC career.
In Competition Change
Rey Del Rio/Getty Images
The UFC and USADA have also updated the window for athletes being tested “in competition”, which is a timeline surrounding the fight when certain substances are banned or other substances are monitored within a certain level. For instance, marijuana is not banned out of competition but athletes must have less than a required amount in their system during an in-competition drug test or risk a doping violation.
The new rule in effect on April 1 states that in competition is defined as 12 noon on the day prior to the event and then ending upon completion of a post fight drug test. USADA's time period to conduct the post fight drug test is one hour after the fighter finishes any medical clearance.
This situation came up following UFC 202 when Nate Diaz admitted to using cannabidiol oil (CBD) in a vape pen at the post fight press conference, after their drug test had already been given.
Cannabinoids are banned in-competition for athletes so Diaz was given a warning by USADA but under the new rules so long as they had already taken their post fight drug test, they wouldn't have been subject to any kind of penalty because the in-competition period would have expired.
The full list of changes to the UFC's anti-doping policy are available here.
The new rules changes go into effect as of April 1.
By SEANNA ADCOX, Associated Press
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — South Carolina students with disabilities will be able to graduate with an "employability credential" that showcases their abilities under a new law designed to personalize students' path to success beyond high school.
Advocates have long pushed for an alternative diploma that recognizes the accomplishments of special needs children and helps them become independent.
Currently, students with disabilities who can't earn the necessary 24 credits receive a state certificate of attendance — no matter what level they reach.
"It basically says you occupied a chair for 13 or 14 years," said Mary Eaddy Baker, director of Parents Reaching Out to Parents, or PRO-Parents. "If you've got a high school diploma, that's your ticket. ... If you've got a certificate of attendance, it's a ticket to nothing."
About half of school districts statewide offer their own version of an occupational credential, but criteria vary widely.
"There's no uniformity," Eaddy Baker said. "We want to have something an employer would recognize."
The law takes effect with students entering ninth grade in 2018-19, meaning the state credentials will start being awarded to the Class of 2022.
Credits could be earned through on-the-job training and career preparation courses on such "soft skills" as interviewing. Details are being developed by a group that includes officials from several state agencies, educators, businesses, and advocates.
"For our children who can't get a diploma but are capable of being employed, this gives them credit for the good work they've done," said Sen. Greg Hembree, R-North Myrtle Beach, the bill's sponsor. "They can take pride in achieving this standard."
Julie Fowler, deputy superintendent of education, stresses the credential is limited to a small segment of students with an "individualized education plan," which is required for each of the roughly 100,000 special needs students in South Carolina public schools. An overwhelming majority of students with learning disabilities have average to above-average intelligence and should be working toward a diploma.
Eligibility will be determined by a team that includes the student and theirs or their parents. It's for "students who have more moderate to severe disabilities," they said.
Previous efforts to create an alternative diploma for special needs students died over concerns students would be incorrectly dumped into that track. The law requires the state Department of Education to closely monitor the number of students working toward the credential and report its findings twice a year, starting in 2020.
The limited option is part of a broader law intended to let students customize their path to a diploma.
Beginning with the class of 2022, diplomas can include "seals of distinction" to reflect their coursework.
For example, a "college ready" seal will signify the student took courses recommended for applying for college, and an "honors seal" will reflect a required level of advanced courses and GPA. Specialized seals will be available for students who chose a career "major," which they can do starting in their sophomore year, and take the courses needed to complete it. Other possibilities include seals for the military, arts and world languages.
Students' diplomas could include multiple stickers — or none.
"We're still requiring 24 credits. It's not that it's an easier pathway or less rigorous, just that it's aligned to their goals," Fowler said. "We should see more students graduate with a diploma that's meaningful."
When it comes to trading stocks, bonds, and other financial instruments, Bloomberg is usually in the middle with its eponymous terminals, which have more than 325,000 subscribers worldwide. Those terminals are backed up by three datacenters in the New York area – one in downtown Manhattan, one in the metro area, and another brand new one on the outskirts of the city that was built in the wake of Hurricane Sandy – that have an undisclosed but no doubt very large number of servers and that are linked to each other and to myriad remote datacenters with over 20,000 routers.
In fact, says Skand Gupta, technical lead and engineering manager at Bloomberg, the system that provides market data, news, and other information to traders is the biggest communication platform in the financial services industry, backed by over 3,000 software developers and engineers who create the applications that display market information to traders, and is also one of the largest private networks in the world.
Communication is the heart of trading, and in the current regulatory climate, making sure that people are making fair trades is something that all financial services firms have to ensure. Interestingly, the instant messaging service on the Bloomberg terminals is a primary means that traders talk and execute trades, and Bloomberg provides an auxiliary service, called BVault, to its terminals that archives communication of all kinds and does analytics on the data streams to make sure that traders are compliant with the law not buying and selling securities in an illegal manner.
The BVault compliance service, Gupta explained in a recent tech meetup in New York, is back-ended by thousands of servers. Over 800 companies are using it today, and it is processing more than 2200 million messages and has an archive of over 90 billion objects, which include a variety of human and machine-generated content spanning instant message, chat, email, voice data, social media feeds, and market and trading data. The complex event processing system that lies at the heart of the BVault compliance platform works in real time to try to detect any funny business and also to block certain kinds of communication that are not allowed. Such a system needs extreme low latency and is also CPU bound. The BVault service also archives two years' worth of data so that compliance officers can do custom searches on data after the communication and trading is done if they want to ensure compliance. This part of the workload is highly distributed, with data scattered all over the nodes, and is memory bound, as search workloads tend to be, said Gupta. The BVault service also has ad-hoc analytics and reporting capabilities, and the analytics gobble up a lot of CPU and the reporting eats up a lot of I/O because the reports can pull gigabytes to terabytes of data out of the archive.
Suffice it to say, this BVault workload running on the Bloomberg clusters has a lot of choke points, and the company wants to be able to manage the workload better.
Up until a few months ago, the way Bloomberg ensured the elements of the BVault service ran on static partitions on the cluster, a practice that many companies use for precisely the same reasons that Bloomberg did. The Bloomberg techies did their best to make sure there was enough compute capacity in each of the three workloads – complex event processing, text search, and reporting and analytics – for decent performance during their peak workloads.
But here is the problem, and it will probably sound familiar to many of you. When the US stock markets are open, the complex event processing part of BVault “lights up like it is Christmas,” as Gupta put it, and Bloomberg is constantly adding machines to make sure it has enough capacity so the compliance algorithms do not slow down communication. On the other hand, the reporting and analytics system is just sitting there, doing nothing most of the time, until someone kicks off a complex query, and then it needs a lot of iron. Text searches are always hungry for more memory and hence more nodes, too. Resizing the static cluster by hand, which Bloomberg was doing, is an operational headache, and having unused compute resources sitting there is unacceptable.
So, in the middle of 2014, Bloomberg decided to implement the open source Mesos cluster management and hardware abstraction software on top of the BVault cluster, allowing it to dynamically allocate resources on the fly to the three parts of the BVault application stack.
As is the case with many enterprises, the new architecture for the BVault service was implemented on a new set of systems, in this case an unspecified blade server maker. Most of these blade servers were allocated to run Mesos, but a portion of them were allocated to run HDFS separately from Mesos because, as Gupta put it, “it was kind of hard to run HDFS on top of Mesos.” But they added that they were hopeful that in the future it would be possible to run HDFS just like any other kind of workload atop Mesos.
Bloomberg deploys Mesos and its applications on the cluster using Chef, and applications run in Mesos containers as opposed to bare metal or Docker containers, which are options. The company cooked up its own service discovery layer – an important part of the new BVault platform that is not part of the open source Apache Mesos but which is available in the commercial-grade Mesosphere Datacenter Operating System (DCOS) distribution – and then the Marathon application framework, the Chronos job scheduler, and the Storm real-time distributed computing fabric run on top of that. Kafka is used to aggregate and parse out streams of instant message, email, and other data to the HDFS storage and Accumulo (inspired by Google's Bigtable) is used as a distributed key/value store. Bloomberg will be adding Spark in-memory processing to this BVault stack soon.
“Service discovery is important because with Mesos, you have no guarantee at any time where your applications are running,” Gupta explained, which makes it problematic for services – bits of applications, really – want to talk to each other as they are flitting around the system, being created and destroyed as workloads change, they have to be able to find each other. Bloomberg did not license the commercial Mesosphere DCOS – and has no plans to because it doesn't want to pay for software licenses and support, according to Gupta – and it wanted to implement the service discovery differently from the way it has been done in DCOS. (Bloomberg's way of handling service discovery could end up being open sourced, but Gupta made no commitments to such an action.) This service discovery layer only works for the Marathon framework at the moment, not for other frameworks running atop Mesos.
Another issue that Bloomberg had to solve for itself was managing log aggregation for all of the services that underpin BVault. Again, with applications moving around the cluster as Mesos balances workloads, how do you find the right logs to do troubleshooting when something goes wrong? Similarly, application performance statistics are important, and similarly, alerts from the applications have to be aggregated for when things do go wrong. To this end, Bloomberg created its own log shipper software, which passes all of the data from applications running on Mesos slaves up to Mesos masters. The data is all piped into Kafka, which feeds it into the combination of Elasticsearch, Log Stash, and Kibana (commonly referred to as ELK), which together allow for logs to be aggregated and searched. Application data and machine data such as compute and storage resources used are pumped into an InfluxDB database, and this is feed into the Riemann monitoring and alerting tool.
As for cobbling all of these log monitoring pieces together, Gupta said “this is not something I wanted to do, but it is something that we needed to do to make it a useful stack.” Others are working on this logging problem, they said, and added that Bloomberg might open source it.
Bloomberg has high praise for Mesos, with the caveats concerning the features it had to build itself as outlined above. “Mesos has been super stable with us, and we have not discovered any big issues with Mesos after running it for a few months now in production. All of the problems that we discovered were from the stupid things that we did. If you're thinking about how mature the product is, I think it is very, very stable.”
The use of Mesos underneath the BVault service is still fairly new, being only a few months old, but Bloomberg is already seeing that allowing for the complex event processing, text search, and analytics and reporting workloads to share the cluster is cutting back on the amount of servers it needs to buy to support the expanding customer base for BVault; over time, Gupta hopes the number of machines needed to run BVault “will be significantly reduced.” How much, they cannot yet say. The static BVault cluster, on average, ran at 65 percent to 70 percent utilization, and Bloomberg thinks it will easily beat this on the Mesos setup.
This better use of capacity is one of the reasons for investing in Mesos, but not the only one. Gupta said the old static clusters were simply not a good, flexible application development and deployment environment.
Gupta shared some lessons that Bloomberg learned in building its Mesos cluster. First, the Mesos cluster is dependent on the master Zookeeper configuration management nodes in the cluster, and if you lose those, you lose the cluster. To be more specific, Gupta says that companies should set up redundant Zookeeper servers and have it so only Mesos can talk to them. Second, for your first Mesos cluster, run HDFS statically alongside Mesos, not on top of it. In Bloomberg's experience, the two did not play well together – although Gupta again is hopeful that this will change. Third, Gupta recommends that companies run multiple Mesos clusters, not just one. This allows developers to test new updates to Mesos and the applications they create while the other cluster is running the production workloads.
The Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) model is a specialized police response program for people in a mental illness crisis. We analyzed 2174 CIT officers' reports from one community, which were completed during a five year period. These officers' reports described interactions with people presumed to be in a mental illness crisis. We used hierarchical logistic and multinomial regression analyses to compare transport to treatment to either transport to jail or no transport by how the calls were dispatched. The results revealed that both dispatch codes and officers' on-scene assessments influenced transport decisions. Specifically, calls dispatched as suspected suicide were more likely to be transported to treatment than calls dispatched as mental disturbance. Furthermore, calls dispatched as calls for assistance, disturbance, suspicious person, assault, suspicion of a crime, and to meet a citizen were all less likely than mental disturbance calls to result in transportation to treatment. Officer assessments of the use of substances, being off medications, signs and symptoms of mental or physical illness, and violence to self or others were associated with the likelihood of being transported to treatment. These results build on previous work that demonstrated differences in transport decisions between CIT trained and non-CIT trained officers.
This 1971 Chevrolet XM705 (chassis 03A34871-B100027) is one of 30 prototypes built to compete with the existing Kaiser-Jeep M715, and though this model was supposedly superior, the government favored the Kaiser's lower cost. The quoted production number is consistent with all sites containing any info pertinent to this model, and this particular truck (#27) is a project with some rust and a few missing parts–still, it does run and drive. Find it here on eBay in Dundee, Oregon with a $10k BIN.
Paint and markings are said to be original and the ad includes an older photo of the truck. The canvas top and bows pictured in that photo aren't mentioned and don't appear to be present, while the tailgate, winch, and spare are absent. While additional rust is mentioned in the cab and hardtop, that in the bed looks pretty bad with several holes and aggressive surface corrosion. Along with a fascia similar to its successful competitor, the truck also wears a Jeep-style grille with seven slots.
The cab features an interesting layout with three bucket seats–it's strange that a bench wasn't selected. All instruction decals and a data tag are mounted to the dash, and as the former indicate, it features a 4-speed manual with low first. The ad also lists Spicer solid axles and a 2-speed NP205 transfer case. As can be seen in the seller's video linked below, the hardtop is removable.
Although it had been sitting for 14 years, the truck's stock Chevrolet 307 V8 nonetheless started and ran as seen here, after a cleaned fuel tank, two new batteries, and an electric fuel pump were fitted. The master cylinder is also new and brakes function, but wheel cylinders are suspected to be in need of replacement as the truck pulls to the left. The transfer case is also said to leak. A video showing a short drive can be found here.
According to our research and this military truck fan site, these trucks were more than capable of their intended duties and are dependable as well–it sounds like several were re-purposed by fire departments and the Forest Service. With five believed to survive, you definitely won't see another at the average show.
The George Zimmerman verdict in the killing of Trayvon Martin renewed debate over the use of the n-word, both within the black community and outside of it. In an interview to promote the upcoming film The Butler, media superpower Oprah Winfrey weighed in, telling Parade Magazine “You cannot be my friend and use that word around me.”
The media periodically rediscovers the debate over the n-word, but it never really goes away. Some feel that its use within the black community is justified, either as a way to take it back or to rob the word of its power, but Oprah's line of thinking is as handy a refutation of the latter as I've heard, and a crystal-clear case for why it shouldn't, and probably can't, be robbed of its power. They also settled the inane “n-word vs. cracker” cage match in the process. From Parade:
On using the N-word: (The Butler director)Lee Daniels: It's a word I used quite a bit, until Oprah sat me down and talked to me about its power. Winfrey: You cannot be my friend and use that word around me. It shows my age, but I feel strongly about it. … I always think of the millions of people who heard that as their last word as they were hanging from a tree. (The Butler star) Forest Whitaker: I don't use the word. Never did.
Winfrey also told the magazine that today's young people aren't well-informed about the Civil Rights Movement, which The Butler traces through the eyes of Whitaker's black White House staffer. “They don't know diddly-squat,” Winfrey said. “Diddly-squat!”
The trio also touched on racism, through the lens of recent events:
Whitaker: I've had many incidents in my life of racism. I've been thrown on the ground. I've been frisked. I've been arrested so many times I couldn't tell you. I have no need to talk about it. Daniels: It's a given. I can't even get a taxi [in New York]. I send my [white] assistant out to get a taxi because I can't. Whitaker: The movie deals with the valuation of life, too. Like, whose life is valuable? Is it okay to take life? In terms of today, [the film] Fruitvale Station [of which Whitaker is a producer] is playing, about the shooting of Oscar Grant in the Oakland BART station, which just happened in 2009. Winfrey: And the shooting of Trayvon Martin. Whitaker: If you can't accept that these things are going on, you're living an illusion. So the question at this point is more of, how can we move the needle forward? Can we speak up? I think this film helps that in some way. Winfrey: Yeah. But do we live in a land where Martin Luther King's dream has been ultimately fulfilled? No. Has part of the dream been fulfilled? Daniels: Yes. Winfrey: [nods] Are more people judged by the content of their character than by the color of their skin? Yes. Is everybody judged by the content of their character? Absolutely not.
You can read more of the interview preview here, and the full interview will be published in this Sunday's Parade print edition.
(h/t Ebony)
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Here's something I bet you didn't expect to read on a Tuesday morning: wrestling superstar Virgil is the personal bodyguard (and, eventually, Secretary of Defense) for a porn star's shockingly real bid to become President of the United States in 2020. Hey, our current President hosted a reality show and is in the WWE Hall of Fame. Stranger things have happened.
The candidate in question is Cherie Deville, who launched their campaign on PornstarForPresident.com. That page is safe for work, if you were wondering. I mean, I wouldn't go browsing around or throwing a Google at them if you're at work, but you can check out their platform — not a joke — and get informed.
In 2020, America will have the opportunity to elect a candidate for president that will actually bring REAL change, a President they can finally trust. Boasting an impressive educational background that includes a doctorate, America will have the chance to elect a woman who has never let anything stop her, thriving in a male dominated industry to reach the very top. Cherie's love and compassion for their fellow Americans has led to their Presidential run. Watching what's gone on with our country over the last several months has brought DeVille to a point where they can't just sit around and watch the country they love so deeply destroyed. Cherie is kind, generous and most of all, a true leader. Deville/Coolio 2020 is prepared to do what it takes to shock the world!
I contacted F*cking Awesome, the adult entertainment portal that stepped up to sponsor their campaign, and I'm kinda blown away — again, not a joke — by how appealing the campaign is. She's an advocate for marijuana legalization, supports universal health care, is a strong supporter of the LGBTQ+ community and they want to take care of the environment instead of, say, running it over with a bulldozer and paving over it with nuclear sludge. If you look at what they have to say, you'll be closer to actually voting for a porn star for President than at any point in your life up until now. Or for the dozenth time, I don't know you.
Amazingly, the campaign also features:
On Friday, in a move that has already caused dismay in industry and among Congressional Republicans, the Obama administration proposed the first-ever federal limits on power plant emissions of carbon dioxide, which account for nearly 40 percent of the greenhouse gases America contributes to a gradually warming climate.
The move, the first in a suite of executive actions on climate change promised by President Obama in June, is a welcome sign of their determination to move ahead on their own authority and bypass a Congress whose interest in tackling global warming is virtually nil.
The proposed limits — which apply only to new power plants — will have no immediate effect on carbon emissions. But the long-term consequences for the way the nation produces energy will be significant.
The rules would restrict emissions at new natural gas-fired plants to 1,000 pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt-hour, and at new coal plants to 1,100 pounds per megawatt-hour. Because existing coal plants, even advanced ones, produce about 1,800 pounds per megawatt-hour, industry will find it virtually impossible to build new coal plants without capturing and storing some or all of their carbon emissions — a technology the administration has promised to promote but which has not been commercially demonstrated on a wide scale. New gas-fired plants should easily fit under the new limits because they now produce only about 800 to 850 pounds per megawatt-hour.
Police in Tennessee, in a black SUV and in full body armor, pulled over an elderly couple because they had a marijuana (or so the cops thought) bumper sticker on their car. In fact it was a buckeye leaf – the couple are Ohio State Buckeye fans. The cops then ordered the couple to remove the bumper sticker, even though the woman had already explained it was a buckeye, not marijuana.
Good grief. I'm not sure what's the most ridiculous part of this recent episode.
Was it the person who phoned in the dangerous car sticker that slightly resembles a marijuana leaf? The cops insinuated that it was another cop who called it in.
Or perhaps the idiotic Tennessee cops that pulled over the elderly couple with armor-covered police in black vans simply because they might have had a marijuana leaf sticker on their car? Although, perhaps the most ridiculous part is the cop, after learning that it's a buckeye leaf common to Ohio State fans, still ordered the woman to remove the sticker. (Not that it's entirely clear that, even if it were a marijuana sticker, a cop could make you remove it from your car.)
Now, let's take a look at both marijuana and buckeye.
First, marijuana:
Next, buckeye:
In the Tennessee cops' defense, I guess they both are leaves.
Here is some of the fan paraphernalia from Ohio State's shop with the infamous “marijuana” leaves. This took all of 30 seconds to find and confirm.
This is just crazy.
It takes a special kind of stupid to think a major drug-running gang trafficking in marijuana would be so stupid as to put marijuana stickers on their car, just so everyone knows they're doing it.
But then again, Tennesse is the same state where:
It's bad enough that far too many states still spend far too much time focusing on marijuana, but this is too much. Are these people really responsible for maintaining law and order? If only the Tennessee police weren't serious when they did this.
I love the woman's comment after the fact:
“It's just amazing they would be that dumb,” Bonnie Jonas-Boggioni said.
It's not amazing. It's Tennessee.
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's parliament will debate on Tuesday a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma, National Assembly Speaker Baleka Mbete said, after a top court ruled the president had violated the constitution.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma answers questions at Parliament in Cape Town, in this picture taken March 17, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
South Africa's constitutional court ruled on Thursday that Zuma had failed to uphold the constitution by ignoring orders from the public protector that they repay some of the $16 million in state funds spent to renovate their private residence at Nkandla.
Since Thursday's ruling, opposition party leaders, ordinary South Africans and even an anti-apartheid activist jailed alongside Nelson Mandela have called on Zuma to step down.
Mmusi Maimane, leader of the opposition party Democratic Alliance (DA), tabled the motion to have Zuma impeached, and Mbete told reporters on Sunday “the debate on that motion has been scheduled for Tuesday afternoon.”
The Africa National Congress majority in parliament will almost certainly give Zuma political cover against the attempt to impeach him. But the judicial rebuke may embolden anti-Zuma factions within the ruling party to mount a challenge.
The unanimous ruling by the 11-judge constitutional court also criticised parliament for passing a resolution that purported to nullify Public Protector Thuli Madonsela's findings on the state spending on Zuma's private residence.
DA Parliamentary Chief Whip John Steenhuisen said on Sunday that Mbete should also resign for them and parliament's complicity in the Nkandla matter.
Mbete said they would not step down, but acknowledged the issue could have been handled differently in parliament.
The scandal is arguably the biggest yet to hit Zuma, who has fended off accusations of corruption, influence peddling and rape since before they took office in 2009.
On Friday, the 73-year-old president gave a televised address to the nation in which they apologised and said they would pay back some of the money, as ordered. They said that they never knowingly or deliberately set out to violate the constitution.
The president travelled to their home province of Kwazulu-Natal on Sunday to launch a relief programme as part of government efforts to support areas affected by South Africa's worst drought in more than a century.
They told a cheering crowd that they were still South Africa's leader and joked about how youthful they are, but made no specific mention of the Nkandla matter, the pending impeachment motion or calls for them to step down as they addressed the gathering in Zulu, their native language.
TAIPEI, Taiwan — A doctor and political novice is favored to win Taipei's mayoral election on Saturday, one of many races in which Taiwan's governing party faces the prospect of its most serious setback in years.
A victory for the blunt-talking, 55-year-old physician, Ko Wen-je, would be a sharp defeat for the governing party in a city long considered its stronghold, and in a job that often becomes a springboard to the presidency.
The local elections come halfway through President Ma Ying-jeou's final term as president, during a year in which their governing Kuomintang, or Chinese Nationalist Party, has faced large-scale protests over its pursuit of closer ties with China, and food-safety scandals that have inflamed antigovernment anger.
In the race for Taipei mayor, the governing party's candidate is Sean Lien, a 44-year-old former investment banker whose father, Lien Chan, served as Taiwan's premier and vice president. While their connections helped them win the party's nomination, they have done little to bolster their standing against Mr. Ko.
The good news for sailors with PFA problems: You're getting a do-over, and a new set of easier body fat standards.
The bad news is the service is dropping the number of failures it takes to get booted.
The Navy is shaking up the body composition assessment, increasing body fat limits for sailors, moving away from career-ending punishments for BCA failures and taking a deeper look at how it measures health in general .
The shifts are a new direction in the fitness program that's designed to move away from a punitive system to one that encourages year-round fitness, with a focus on helping those struggling to stay fit.
"We like to speak of a culture of fitness, but we really haven't implemented a culture of fitness across the Navy," said Vice Adm. Bill Moran, chief of naval personnel, in a July 28 interview. "Fitness should truly be about being healthy and mission readiness — Are you physically fit for times of combat and stress in the fleet? We need a system that speaks to better health, to the readiness of our sailors. And part of that is, are we doing things to encourage a culture of fitness?"
The new rules make it harder to fail the body composition assessment portion of the physical fitness assessment. But that comes at the cost of only getting two failures in three years before getting kicked out.
Moran said he's heard the sailor s' cries for reform and said these changes aren't the end, but the beginning of a "more realistic" fitness program that's more than two tests per year.
Frankly, he' d like a system that could end the twice-yearly testing cycles, and instead actively gauge fitness and health on a year-round basis, they said.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
PFA fail reset
It started with the Navy realizing that there's no "one size fits all" in fitness and certainly not in body composition .
Moran said they see the extremes at nearly every all-hands call — fit sailors looking for better recognition and those who say they're in good shape but can't pass the BCA.
"What we've tried to do in this policy change — with the tenets of better health and being mission ready as the focus — is to also make sure we're not throwing out good sailors because we can't meet both ends of that spectrum," Moran said.
Moran said that the Navy's fitness program is entering what they call a "transition" phase during the rest of the year.
Starting during this fall's cycle, a BCA failure with the current body fat standards no longer equals a PFA failure. Sailors who bust the body fat test will be allowed to take the Physical Readiness Test, but they'll have to enroll in the remedial Fitness Enhancement Program work-outs and nutritional counseling.
Admin separations, if the impacted sailor chooses will stop dead in their tracks and the focus is to get them
That's great news for the many sailors who say they have no problem with the run, sit-ups and push-ups, but consistently fail height and weight standards.
But it gets better.
Sailors on the edge of a forced separation for PFA failures will get a second chance to stay in.
Those with an approved or pending administrative separation as of July 1, for three PFA failures in the past four years, can notify their commanding officers that they'd like to stay in the Navy, then pass a PRT before Dec. 1.
Regardless of the number of failures in the past three years, sailors meeting standard by the deadline will be reset to one failure starting next year, when new BCA standards take effect. Those who fail the PFA for a third time this fall, if it's their third failure in four years, will still be separated.
Moran made it clear that appealing the admin separation is voluntary.
"We're going to give them a chance to continue with the discharge if they don't want to continue in the Navy or reset during this fall period," Moran said.
"Between now and December, if they get down within the new standards and can pass under the new guidance, we reset their failure to one — then if they fail again, they're on the way out."
The move will potentially save thousands of sailors' careers. More than 6,700 active-duty and reserve sailors have three PFA failures in the past four years, according to official data, and an additional 20,000 have failed twice in four years.
The new BCA
The next step is raising the threshold for a BCA failure.
Beginning Jan. 1, 2016, body fat limits will go beyond the previous under-40 and over-40 age standards, with four new groups.
Man ages 18 to 21 will stay at the previous 22 percent body fat max, but from 22 to 29 they're allowed up to 23 percent, 24 percent between 30 and 39, and up to 26 percent over 40.
For women, it's 33 percent from 18 to 21, 34 percent for 22 to 29, 35 percent for 30 to 39 and 36 percent over 40.
"It's a little more stringent than the DoD standard, but a bit more graduated by age than the current BCA standard," Moran said. "It takes into account the physical changes that happen as we all age, too — so in that way, it's a little more realistic set of standards."
Moran said the DoD limits are there for a reason and can not be lifted .
"DoD has established a maximum limit for body fat percentage based on the American Medical Association and other institutions who say, if you exceed that limit, you have reached an obesity level that raises your likelihood for things like cancer or diabetes and other medical issues," Moran said.
"For me, that's the right side limit of where we will allow sailors to be — if you exceed that DoD limit, you are, by definition, obese, at-risk and that's a failure."
Sailors who exceed those body fat standards will be enrolled in FEP, but they won't fail BCA altogether.
Starting in January, sailors who don't meet the standard height and weight measurements, will first get a waist-only tape test, which maxes out at 39 inches for men and 35.5 inches for women. Pass that and you're good. It's the current test used by the Air Force as their BCA measurement.
But the Navy is adding yet one more chance for sailors to pass .
The final chance will be the existing and very unpopular "rope and choke" tape test that measures them at the neck and waist (plus hips for women), then calculates the measurements to a body fat percentage. For those over the Defense Department's maximum of 26 percent for men and 36 percent for women, it's a PFA failure.
And a failure will land an over-standard sailor for their age group in the Fitness Enhancement Program. But initially, they won't fail PFA altogether.
And even that, Moran said won't be punitive, but instead it'll be "educational."
"We're going to give you the tools, nutrition guidance, exercise guidance and we're going to have you take the PRT every 30 days until you can pass and until you get down below the new Navy BCA standard," Moran said.
The Navy also plans to develop a Navy-wide registered dietitian plan, giving sailors more access to professional counseling where food choices are concerned.
That's part of a push that includes beefing up the ShipShape healthy eating program and SECNAV's new "Go for Green" initiative, which uses color-code to advise sailors on the healthiest choices at the galley and also eliminate fried foods.
Unlike the current policy, sailors who fail the BCA will now take the PRT if they're medically cleared.
"We had several thousand of sailors who failed the BCA last year," Moran said. "None of these sailors took the [PRT] last year, so we don't have any idea if whether they're fit at all or capable of carrying on a mission — we just fail them."
Previously, sailors with three PFA failures over four years were forced out. Now, with the looser BCA standards, two PFA failures in three years will end in a discharge.
To keep sailors on a fitness path in between PFAs, Moran is encouraging commands to randomly stop sailors for body fat spot-checks throughout the year. They could serve as a warning to borderline sailors or result in FEP enrollment ahead of the next cycle.
Officials hope the move will cut back on the number of sailors discharged every year for PFA failures, which has totaled thousands in the past four years.
Nearly 1,300 sailors have been discharged because of failures in the 2014 cycles, though those numbers aren't final. That was up from 1,200 in 2013 and over 1,100 in 2012, when the numbers jumped significantly from about 700 in 2011.
Right now, the only changes to the Physical Readiness Test will be a return to the old scoring levels eliminated a few years ago. That graduated scoring put intermediate levels of low, medium and high under each of the major categories of satisfactory, excellent and outstanding, something the fleet pushed hard for, Moran said.
"We are going to bring back levels of excellence because it's a way of measuring progress and for CO s to recognize sailors for their fitness level or improvements in their evaluations if they choose to," Moran said.
Long time coming
The Navy's PFA has been the bane of many a sailor's existence for years. In a May speech at the Naval Academy, Navy Secretary Ray Mabus likened it to a twice-a-year crucible, where sailors go to extreme measures to get within standards.
The discussion came to a head last summer, when a list of PFA proposals drafted at a Command Fitness Leaders summit circulated through the ranks and caught fire.
The suggestions included doing away with "bad-day" retests for the PRT, mandatory tape tests and random BCAs throughout the year. Officials acknowledged the list but denied that any of those proposals were hitting the fleet.
Navy Times readers then responded to a call-out with their suggestions for improving the PFA. Chief among them were rethinking or canning the BCA, making CFLs better at taking measurements, more flexible gym hours and incentives for those who consistently score an outstanding on their tests, ideas the Navy took to heart.
Late last year, the Navy Personnel Command instituted a CFL Navy Enlisted Classification, to help commands keep better track of their CFL's qualifications and to help in the search for new fitness coordinators.
Then, in May, Mabus announced there would be changed this year that included the new waist-only tape test, BCA spot-checks, expanded gym hours and a new Outstanding Fitness Award, an idea that had been batted around since 2005.
Rewards for maxing out your PFA are two-fold. Those who score an outstanding on one PFA cycle are authorized to wear a badge on their fitness suit, when it comes out next year.
Sailors who max out three PFAs in a row will earn a uniform award, though it hasn't been determined whether it will be a ribbon or a medal. Sailors can expect to see more information in the fall, CNP spokesperson Cmdr. Chris Servello said.
And the NavAdmin NAVADMIN says that an award for three consecutive PFA cycles at the "outstanding" level would net a sailor an award. The details aren't included which isn't detailed in the message, but that award won't be a medal or ribbon for the dress uniform, said a Navy official sources say, as previously announced. [MUST CONFIRM WITH SERVELLO IN AM].
Instead, officials say the award will be a badge authorized to be worn on the new fitness suit when it comes out next year it's available.
Some of these, like the award,
The award, which will debut next year, would be a uniform ribbon or medal earned after three consecutive "outstandings" on the PFA.
Individual commands can reward their PT-maxing sailors with perks, like prime parking spots and special leave, the Outstanding Fitness Award would be the first service-wide recognition for PFA superstars.
Looking ahead
The latest policy change includes long-term goals aimed at promoting and measuring sailors' fitness.
Moran said that the Navy's goal is to find a way to measure fitness year-round that could eliminate the twice-a-year testing regimen. But don't expect that to happen soon .
"These changes are the first step toward making this a year-long process, as opposed to a semi-annual test to get through," they said. "We still have to have the test for a while until we find a better way to to measure mission readiness, to gauge if you are physically fit enough that you can carry out missions at sea."
As Mabus said in May, different jobs have different fitness requirements — but the bottom line is the Navy needs a way to measure health.
Moran said that early next year, the Navy will begin a pilot program in yet-to-be-named Pacific Fleet and Navy Reserve units using wearable fitness trackers like Fitbit .
It's part of what Moran called a search to find if "there are ways to measure better health — heart rate blood pressure, cholesterol levels — all things that promote better fitness and result in better performance on the PRT," they said.
"We have to measure it, track it for a full year, but the notion is rather than two annual tests, it's a focus on, are you making improvements and are you meeting standards for weight control, blood pressure cholesterol? Instead of a discussion of, are you inside your height-weight levels and can you pass the PRT? — which is where we are today."
That includes a fitness tracker pilot program in the works, to measure sailors' day-to-day fitness as opposed to relying on twice-a-year testing.
The Navy also plans to develop a Navy-wide Registered Dietitian plan, giving sailors more access to professional counseling where food choices are concerned.
Literature
A Love Story
Is that sweat or tears?
"Yes."
Is that your blood or hers?
"Yes."
Are those clouds or gods?
"Yes."
Are you mine or hers?
"Yes."
Well cherish this moment,
because it will be gone before you know it.
Your tears will fall.
Your sweat will drip.
Your gods will die.
Your clouds will depart.
Mourn this moment for the rest of your life.
I'm done.
I'm gone.
No, don't try to kiss me good-bye.
No more will I be your toy. (Even though I may beg to be.)
No more will I be your doll. (Even though I yearn to be.)
You've broken me for the last time. (Please fix me.)
I'm done sticking around to watch the pieces fall.
I'm not your lover. (Even though I'd love to be.)
I'm not your friend. (Even though I pretend.)
I'm not the person you think I am. (I'm much much more.)
I don't deserve this. (Even if I think I do.)
I never have. (Sometimes I wonder.)
This is why I came.
I came to see the end.
To watch you fall.
To watch you crumble.
T
The Lotus Elise S Cup R has made its global debut at the Autosport International show in Birmingham.
The £52,838, track-only Elise S Cup R uses the same supercharged mid-mounted transverse 1.8-litre engine as the Elise S road car, which produces 217bhp and 181lb ft of torque. Lotus says this is the first time the engine has been used in a Cup variant. It's mated to a six-speed manual gearbox.
The car's new aerodynamics package includes a front splitter, rear diffuser, floor extensions and a new rear wing. Lotus says that despite the added weight, the Elise S Cup R weighs in at 924kg, the same as the standard Elise S.
Lotus says the Elise S Cup R can cover a 2.2-mile lap four seconds faster than the Elise S.
Other enhancements include a race harness and driver's seat, a motorsport-tuned ECU, an FIA compliant rollcage and fire extinguisher and new forged alloy wheels. Drivers can also specify upgrades including air conditioning, a passenger seat and an FIA fuel cell.
The car is also eligible for motorsport events, including Lotus's own Cup Series, which runs internationally.
Speaking to Autocar, Lotus Motorsport's Rupert Manwaring said: "A lot of the emerging countries need an economical, simple to run race car. This is just that. Also the Elise category in our Lotus Cup series is popular internationally. The idea is to give people a car that costs less than the Exige, that's simple to run and that has fantastic performance. It gives us another bite of the market.
"The UK could easily not be the biggest market for this car. There are some huge opportunties out in Asia and we're just starting to get a bit of a foothold there. This is the perfect car for those areas."
Google is launching a new way for businesses to give new phones to their employees: zero-touch enrollment.
Traditionally, when you want to give a new phone to an enterprise user, chances are some poor admin has to deal with ensuring that the device is configured correctly and that all the right policies are in place. As the name implies, the new zero-touch enrollment feature, however, takes all of these manual steps out of the process.
The idea here is that employees can use a device out of the box, because all the management services and setting are already ready to go when the device is shipped.
This means the user only has to sign in, walk through the setup process and start working, and admins don't have to do any additional work to authorize these devices and add them to their mobility services. They simply assign the new device to a user and the device will be automatically enrolled with their existing enterprise mobility management solution like VMware's AirWatch when it's powered on.
For now, this only works with Google's own Pixel phone on Verizon's network (standard disclaimer: Verizon owns Oath, which is the mashup of the old AOL and Yahoo and which in turn owns TechCrunch), though the plan is to expand this far beyond this first partnership. Google says it's working with Samsung, Huawei, Sony, LG Electronics, HMD Global Oy Home of Nokia Phones, BlackBerry, HTC, Motorola, Honeywell, Zebra and Sonim on the device side (with more partners in the pipeline). In the U.S., AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile will also soon support this service. In Europe, the company is partnering with BT and Deutsche Telekom and in the Asia-Pacific market with Softbank and Telstra.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British tourist found dead in Thailand sent chilling final messages about a "scary guy in a face mask" and people wanting to kill them shortly before they vanished.
Andrew Apperley, 38, from Eastbourne, Sussex, was reported missing four days after failing to return from a Full-Moon Party on the paradise island of Ko Phangan on February 12.
In the early hours of February 13, the dad-of-one sent an alarming series of messages on WhatsApp and Facebook telling pals they were in the danger.
They sent one friend the last picture of them alive, before adding: "Omg had a mad night all the guys wanting (sic) kill me".
(Image: Mirror Online)
(Image: Facebook)
Their final three messages, said: "Scary guy with face mask. After mushroom. What the f***."
Messages sent over the course of the evening suggest the property manager had taken magic mushrooms - which produce hallucinations - and Ritalin, a stimulant more commonly used to treat Attention Deficit Disorder.
They told another friend on Facebook: "I'm tripping out. Think I've been spiked."
Their body was found a week after their disappearance and their death is now being investigated by Thai police.
(Image: Mirror Online)
(Image: Mirror Online)
Gloucestershire Police say it is in touch with Thai authorities and the cause of death is currently unknown.
Their brother Richard Apperley, 41, from Stroud, Gloucestershire, traced the final messages after contacting friends who'd been with them in Thailand and says they believe Andrew was murdered.
They said: "I think he's been murdered. Those messages are signs that there was foul play.
"I want the Thai police to investigate this properly and I don't want it swept under the carpet.
(Image: Facebook)
"He knew Thailand well, he'd been around 10 times and the people they were with say they were in good spirits out there, just trying to have a good time.
"He did take drugs but they didn't go overboard and they knew how to take care of himself. You can see from the messages that they knew he'd been spiked and that they were in danger."
Andrew had flown to Koh Samui from Bangkok to go Ko Phangan's notorious Full-Moon Party.
They checked in to the Ibis Hotel on Koh Samui and planned to return to the accommodation via boat the morning after the party.
(Image: Getty)
They last text their mother Linda on WhatsApp before going out but several messages they sent the next day were not delivered to their phone.
Andrew's bank told their family their cards had not been used since going to the party.
Last year, Thai authorities launched an investigation into a 54 per cent rise in tourist deaths, after 83 holidaymakers lost their lives in the country in 2015.
A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson said: "We are providing support to the family of a British national who has been reported missing in Thailand.
"We are in contact with local authorities."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Ukip councillor is set to be disciplined next week after being found guilty of bullying behaviour.
Coun Warren Bates was called before a standards panel at Oldham town hall amid allegations they had intimidated a member of the public during a local forum meeting.
They were found to have spoken to resident John Crompton ‘in an aggressive way', as well as circulating a ‘disrespectful note' about him.
It also found they had ‘glared' at two Labour councillors and senior officer Colette Kelly, who said they also felt initimidated.
Ukip called the charges ‘risible' and like something out of a ‘bad comedy'.
They also questioned how much taxpayers' money had been spent on the standards hearing, which had included the services of a solicitor.
Coun Warren was called before the standards panel earlier this month following the spat at Failsworth town hall last July, just a few weeks after they were elected onto the council.
According to the investigation, Mr Crompton took to their feet to ask a question on behalf of Failsworth Historical Society.
Coun Bates then interrupted, asking ‘who are you?' in a ‘loud and aggressive manner', according to the panel - and may have ‘waved their hands around'. They then circulated a note about them to the public gallery claiming ‘Crompton never lifted a finger to protect the memorial land'.
That is said to be a reference to Lower Memorial Park, which was the centre of a row five years ago over plans to redevelop it for Oldham Athletic.
The councillor subsequently suggested they had no idea who Mr Crompton was. Mr Crompton said they had known each other more than a decade and used to drive to community meetings together.
Oldham council's standards committee found them guilty of misconduct and recommended they be banned from Failsworth town hall for three months - and ‘censured' at next week's council meeting. In reality it is understood there is little further action the town hall will be able to take.
Coun Warren said they had ‘nothing to apologise for' and said they would be using the Freedom of Information Act to find out how much the hearing had cost.
A Ukip spokesperson called the charges ‘risible' adding: “They sound more like a bad comedy.”
At the end of the day, all our predictions for 2016 were way off mark. We didn't know technology, or the lack of it, would turn an election upside down. We didn't know many of the top companies in technology would go belly up and some others would come back from the dead.
Advertising
We didn't know that digital payments, which were at the most a convenience, would end up becoming a necessity in one of the largest economies of the world. We didn't know the world's most innovative companies will struggle with what-next, while the best business will suffer their worst why-us moments.
But will 2017 be any different? Of course, it will. But will that stop up from predicting what is coming? Of course, it won't.
The coming year will be pivotal in more ways than one. To start with, given that we have struggled a lot with post-truth in 2016, the algorithms that define what we see, read and believe will need to change for the good, ensuring they serve what is right and only what is right.
Advertising
Yes, there will be those who try and game the system lured by easy traffic and the money that comes with it. But the same technology that killed the editorial gatekeepers will need to start playing the same. The future of entire platforms like Facebook and Google News will depend on if they are able to weed out the fakes.
The good news is that artificial intelligence could finally start coming to the aid in keeping the fakes out. During the final phase of the US election campaign Google News implemented a new ‘Fact Check' labelling for stories that were looking at facts of a news report. It shouldn't take it long for Google and other such platforms to authenticate articles as being true or original. That should end the fakes and those who recreate articles without adding any value of their own.
Also read: the Best smartphones of 2016 Part-2: Lenovo Z2 Plus, Moto G4 Plus, Redmi Note 3
Artificial intelligence will also make search simpler and apps smarter. Both will soon be able to see, listen and make their own inferences based on what they already know. They will become more intelligent with time, thanks to improved machine learning. So if it has been able to recognise cats, it will also start to understand what is not a cat.
And a lot this intelligence will start coming into your device as we have seen with the Google Pixel phones. But before you pick up one of these overtly smart smartphones with glee, also remember that a company like Google getting a look in into all your conversations might not be a good thing, especially not when there are bots listening to everything you say, ready with ‘help'.
Read more: the Best smartphones for 2016: iPhone 7, S7 edge, Google Pixel, OnePlus 3
Don't be surprised if at this time next year we are talking about the menace of bots with these irritating pieces of code butting into every conversation with suggestions on what you can say next, or buy to make the party you are discussing more fun or who you need to wish a happy anniversary.
Anyway, that anniversary picture of yours will no longer be a still photo. It will either be a GIF or just a live video beaming out to all on your timeline who respond with their own live videos. Even group chats will be video affairs. After all all your devices have cameras and companies need you to consume more data so that they can make more money. We were all pretty okay till this point of time, but now on we will be made aware day in and day out that we cannot exist with video, after all what else is data for?
Advertising
Yes, 2017 will be different. There will be new challengers that confront traditions, there will be smarter devices that make us dumber and there will be high technology that will need us to fall back on our very basic instincts to survive. Here is hoping I am proven wrong again.
Tears for Fears have announced a fall tour, rescheduling dates that were postponed earlier in the year. The band have also revealed they are working on a new album, set for a 2017 release on Warner Bros. Records, according to Billboard. A new LP from the band would mark their first studio album since 2004's Everybody Loves a Happy Ending. See the fall tour dates below.
Tears for Fears:
09-17 Goldendale, WA - Maryhill Winery
09-18 Woodinville, WA - Chateau St. Michelle
09-20 Salt Lake City, UT - Red Butte Garden
09-22 Boise, ID - Idaho Botanical Garden
09-23 Reno, NV - Silver Legacy Resort and Casino
09-26 Grand Rapids, MI - Mejier Gardens
09-27 Indianapolis, IN - Murat Theatre
09-30 Windsor, Ontario - The Colosseum at Caesars Windsor
10-01 Orillia, Ontario - Casino Rama Entertainment Center
10-03 Morrison, CO - Red Rocks Amphitheatre
10-05 Colorado Springs, CO - Pikes Peak Center
10-07 Phoenix, AZ - Comerica Theatre
10-08 Temecula, CA - Pechanga Resort & Casino - Pechanga Theatre
10-09 San Diego, CA - Humphrey's
Watch Tears for Fears' video for “Everybody Wants to Rule the World”:
When Auston Matthews was drafted first overall and became a Toronto Maple Leaf, the expectations they faced in hockey-mad Toronto seemed unreasonable. Through the first quarter of the season, however, Matthews has not only met those expectations, but in many ways has exceeded them.
Part of the issue is that the media is often guilty of building up the drama of the draft for the purpose of driving ratings and in so doing accords an inflated importance to many young players. For Matthews, this could indeed have been the case, but instead, with the quarter pole of the NHL's season now squarely in the rearview mirror, a picture of a complete player has emerged.
While on some rare occasions, talented 18 and 19-year-olds manage to make a mark at the professional level, it is often in a way that leaves fans hoping for more. The broad strokes are there - speed, stamina, maybe some offensive flair - but the subtler points of the game - patience, conditioning, and defensive play - remain elusive. Matthews already has all of these things in spades and they are far from finished developing. It is worth considering then, some of the many little things that Matthews does so well, and the areas where they still may grow.
Strengths
Shooting
Matthews' wrist shot release is interesting for two reasons. The first is that they shift their weight to one foot so that their body weight pushes their stick into a deeper arc (see below), thus forcing a greater whip-like action as the shot is fired. The second interesting thing about Matthews' release is that because of the way they shift their weight as they shoot, the puck is further out in front of their body at its release point relative to many other players.
So why does Matthews score a lot of goals? Well, this is one reason. Why do they have so many shots? Well, when you can shoot like that, your teammates are going to get you the puck more often, and your coach is going to encourage you to shoot as often as possible.
Stickhandling
Sure, Matthews can do fun tricks with the puck, but those are a lot less useful in a game situation than what they do in the gif above. OK, sure, sometimes, but most games this will not happen, even for the world's best players. Speaking of the world's best players, Matthews' stick work is frantic yet efficient, and reminds me of the way Sidney Crosby often handles the puck.
Some of the odd flips and bounces might look like lucky poke checks, but they're not. All those quick taps and corrals of the puck are practiced. Matthews can handle the puck quickly with their head up. Sliding the puck past the first two players looks flashy, but the more impressive move was the beating the third man, Erik Karlsson. Matthews taps Karlsson's stick once to startle him, skates by him, and then taps it again from underneath and takes the puck before Karlsson even has time to put their own stick back on the ice.
Puck Protection
Really, puck protection is a combination of several skills: quick stops and starts, lower body strength and conditioning, close-quarter stickhandling, and having vision enough to know where teammates will be to pass the puck off. Matthews does all of these things well. He's an animal down low.
In the clip above, Matthews has to absorb a hit almost immediately after getting the puck. Here, a quick stop allows them to roll off the check instead of bearing the full brunt of it. Matthews lets the puck get a little further away from their body that they would probably like on two occasions, but their quick crossovers allow them to stay in possession. They try going up the strong-side boards but two (nearly three) Nashville defenders close in on him. Realizing that Nashville has overloaded one side, they pick up speed, uses the net to angle off their pursuer, and finds open ice to get the puck back to the point.
Driving the Net
The goal Matthews scores in the following example is very similar to the one they got from a Connor McDavid feed during the World Cup of Hockey back in the summer: if you have a talented and speedy teammate coming down the wing with the puck, your job is to go to the far post. Not the middle of the net, the far post. That is where you are most likely to pick up a rebound, and it leaves the shooter the greatest percentage of net to look at once they have the puck.
Below is a diagram showing how a teammate maximizes the net they have to shoot at by skating to the far post. If they skated to the middle of the net, they could only shoot forehanded at half the net.
Image created at hockeyshare
Admittedly, both of the goals referred to here should have been more difficult for Matthews. In both cases, the defencemen should have broken up the pass, and in the one pictured above, there was really no excuse for Adam Larsson not tying up Matthews - it was not an odd-man rush. Still, what is clear is that the Leafs have a player willing to head to the net with speed, and this is already paying off.
Weaknesses
Inconsistent Neutral Zone Pressure
In the Leafs' game against Los Angeles, Matthews was easily the team's best player, but even they had moments of difficulty.
Here, they are seen on the far side of the screen, doing nothing other than weakly tapping the attacking forward with their stick, despite ample time to make their way over to that side of the ice. Ideally, Matthews would have met the rushing King earlier in the neutral zone, angled them off towards the boards, and made a more decisive move just as they hit the blue line, forcing the play offside.
Matthews is not always bad at this, and it should be noted that the Leafs as a team need a lot of work on preventing controlled zone entries, so perhaps coaching is a factor, but this is speculation.
Lapses in Defensive Awareness
Oops. Was that the puck and Anze Kopitar I just skated by?
These brain cramps do happen to young players, and it is worth noting that Matthews has already started doing less of this kind of thing as the season has progressed, but it is nevertheless something they will have to work on. Recognizing who is on the ice an what direction they are moving in is... rather important.
Conclusion and Next Steps
Conclusion
Let's get one thing clear: no reasonable person would say that Auston Matthews' play so far has been anything less than impressive. They came into the league facing what seemed like unreasonable expectations and still managed to look better than anticipated.
Certainly, there remain components of Matthews' game that still need work, but looking at their stats, it becomes clear that they are already a leader on their team, even if they are granted a somewhat sheltered role by Mike Babcock. Jump past the table for the tl;dr version.
Player CF60 CA60 CF% xGF% GF% SCF% PDO PENDIFF WILLIAM NYLANDER 66.75 56.61 54.11 55.29 47.15 58.71 97.86 11 AUSTON MATTHEWS 66.19 57.29 53.61 55.38 47.69 57.15 97.71 7 JAKE GARDINER 67.9 58.75 53.61 57.16 51.34 61.89 100.12 -8 MORGAN RIELLY 69.64 61.13 53.25 55.07 46.85 57.03 96.22 -1 CONNOR CARRICK 63.96 56.59 53.06 60.68 55.89 63.77 101.17 -1 ZACH HYMAN 68.54 61.2 52.83 56.82 49.71 59.84 98.42 8 NAZEM KADRI 66.85 60.86 52.35 57.07 46.46 60.46 98.25 -7 LEO KOMAROV 64.07 59.32 51.93 55.5 54.11 57.62 101.34 -5 NIKITA ZAITSEV 63.53 59.39 51.68 52.11 45.03 51.79 97.38 4 MARTIN MARINCIN 63.97 61.2 51.11 55.78 44.5 59.44 100.08 6 CONNOR BROWN 66.54 63.79 51.06 54.66 57.45 55.73 102.16 -10 JAMES VAN RIEMSDYK 65.48 64.57 50.35 56.13 47.24 59.57 98.25 1 TYLER BOZAK 64.19 64.87 49.74 55.58 50.86 60.88 100.73 4 MITCHELL MARNER 64.03 66.88 48.91 54.57 49.43 58.45 100.5 1 MATT MARTIN 54.08 56.75 48.8 51.98 53.83 48.17 102.88 -2 MATT HUNWICK 52.72 61.71 46.07 55.05 57.62 54.01 104.02 -3 ROMAN POLAK 57.09 70.39 44.78 52.59 46.37 56.92 101.66 -2 BEN SMITH 48.92 64.11 43.28 48.26 40.05 46.23 101.3 -2
All stats from corsica.hockey and are 5v5, adjusted for score, zone and venue.
Matthews ranks second on the team in CF%, and fourth in CA60, which suggests that they are a rookie who is already quite responsible defensively. Their SCF% is middling and their GF% is low, but their PDO is still second lowest on the team, so some helpful regression is to be expected on that front; it would be interesting to see if replacing Zach Hyman would help the GF%. Lastly, Matthews' penalty differential is third best on the team, behind only their two linemates.
Next Steps
Britain is being run by a "feral" elite whose members are responsible for a series of crises – from phone hacking to the row over bankers' bonuses – which have scarred the country, a new, non-party group headed by the author Philip Pullman claims.
A 1,000-strong "public jury" should be selected at random to draw up a "public interest first" test to ensure that power is taken away from "remote interest groups" which currently treat the public with contempt, according to the group's declaration. The call for a public jury, which has been signed by 56 academics, writers, trade unionists and politicians from Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the Green party, is published in the Guardian.
Its signatories include Greg Dyke, former director general of the BBC, Caroline Lucas, the only Green MP who is also their party's leader, and the civil liberties campaigner and Labour peer Lady Kennedy. Guardian columnists Polly Toynbee and Madeleine Bunting have also signed the declaration.
Launched by Neal Lawson, a former adviser to Gordon Brown who chairs the left of centre Compass group, the group says that decisive action is needed to wrest power back from a small elite.
"Something is unravelling before our eyes," the group says. "From bankers to media barons, private interests have bankrupted and corrupted the public realm. Power, for so long hidden in the pockets of a cosy elite, has been exposed. Those who wield it have been found wanting - in scruples, in morals and in decency."
The group says that the three crises - MPs' expenses, bankers' bonuses and illegal phone hacking - share common origins. "Politicians, bankers and media moguls ... share a common culture in which greed is good, everyone takes their turn at the trough, and private interest takes precedence over the public good."
In a Guardian article, the authors of the declaration warn of a "feral" elite. Lawson and Andrew Simms, fellow at the New Economics Foundation, write: "With no pressure for higher ethical standards, the new all-powerful elites were like kids left free in the sweetshop, going feral as they lost all self-control and all touch with society."
The group says that 1,000 citizens should be selected at random to sit on a public jury that will propose reforms to banking, politics. The jury, to be funded from the public purse, would examine:
• Media ownership.
• The financial sector's role in the crash.
• MP selections and accountability.
• Policing and public interest.
• How to apply a "public interest first" test more generally to British political and corporate life.
The declaration's main critique of Britain - that power is concentrated in the hands of a small elite - echoes the thinking of Ed Miliband. The Labour leader, who has been praised for shaping the public response to the phone-hacking scandal, recently said that too much power in the media and other industries is concentrated in the hands of too few people.
"The powerful are very good at talking about the responsibilities of the powerless but they aren't very good at looking at their own responsibilities," Miliband told the Times on 23 July as they called for the "big six" energy companies to be broken up. "Labour is the party of the grafters, the people who work hard and do the decent thing but don't feel they get a very fair deal out of society."The declaration is also signed by Lord Wood, an Oxford don who is a senior adviser to Miliband.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appealed to opponents of rival Donald Trump, telling supporters in Philadelphia that the election is not a reality TV show. At a rally at Temple University, they sought to allay concerns of voters who still have questions about their saying, "I get that." (Reuters)
PHILADELPHIA — Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton sought Monday to bolster their standing with millennials, many of whom eye them warily, by promising that “no one will work harder to make your life better.”
In a speech at Temple University, Clinton acknowledged they still have work to do to earn the support of young voters, even those who are turned off by Donald Trump, a Republican nominee they said “incites hatred and violence like we've never seen before.”
“You want something to vote for, not just against,” Clinton said in a 30-minute speech. They touched upon some of their shortcomings in a race in which an unusually high number of millennials are considering voting for third-party candidates.
“Even if you're totally opposed to Donald Trump, you may still have some questions about me,” Clinton said. “When it comes to public service, the service part has always been easier for me than the public part.”
[Clinton is losing some millennial voters to third-party contenders]
Clinton said they have difficulty talking about themselves and “will never be the showman my opponent is.”
“And you know what?” they said. “That's okay with me. No one will work harder to make your life better. I'll never stop, no matter how tough it gets.”
Although Clinton is far more popular than Trump among young voters, fully a quarter of those under age 40 voiced support for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson or Green Party hopeful Jill Stein in a Washington Post-ABC poll released last week.
The polling also suggests that significantly more of those considering Johnson or Stein would otherwise be supporting Clinton rather than Trump in a two-way race.
(Among likely voters 40 or older, only 6 percent voiced support for Johnson or Stein in the Post-ABC poll.)
In their remarks, Clinton made no mention of either third-party candidate, instead seeking to draw contrasts between what a Clinton presidency and a Trump presidency would mean for millennials, in both tone and substance.
Clinton drew some of their loudest applause when recounting their efforts to work with Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont — the runner-up in the Democratic primaries — to craft a plan that would make public colleges and universities free for families with incomes up to $125,000 and seek to make undergraduate education debt-free for everyone.
During the nomination process, polls showed voters under age 30 flocking to support Sanders in much larger numbers than for Clinton, a politician who has seemed less authentic to many young voters of both parties.
Clinton also ticked off their positions on other issues on which their views align more closely with the majority of young voters than do those of the Republican nominee. Among them: raising the minimum wage, combating climate change, expanding access to affordable health care and ensuring equal pay for women.
“This is going to be close,” Clinton said of the November election. “We need everyone off the sidelines. Not voting is not an option. It plays into Trump's hands. It really does.”
In advance of the speech, a senior Clinton aide acknowledged the campaign needs to do a better job engaging millennials and speaking to them not only about “the case against Trump” but also why to vote for Clinton.
"The millennial generation is a key voting bloc in this election, and it's clear that the campaign must do more to earn their vote,” said Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri.
They noted that Clinton has deployed several surrogates recently, including Sanders, in an effort to reach out to millennials, and has brought on additional staff members to help mobilize young voters and plans to, in coming weeks, host discussions across the country about Clinton's agenda for them.
Since Donald Trump won the Electoral College in November, liberals have developed a seemingly insatiable appetite for self-punishment. From “Bernie Bros” whining about how their candidate would have won to cable news pundits wringing their hands about broken windows in Washington, the vast majority of the left seems determined to find any way to blame itself for Donald Trump's victory.
The latest trend in this flurry of self-flagellation seems to be going out to diners in places like rural Pennsylvania and Michigan to talk to those 78,000 voters whose voices outweighed 3.5 million. While these conversations mostly rehash a lot of things we already know (people thought Hillary was dishonest, they wanted change, they didn't think Trump was serious about their campaign promises) there is one particular conclusion that seems to be receiving more and more attention: people on the left are pushing moderates away by being too mean. The great plot twist, as these working-class martyrs see it, is that the sensitive left is suddenly calling them names and making them feel uncomfortable.
So far, liberals seem more than happy to buy into this premise. Pieces like this New York Times article and this blog post suggest that if the left wants to win these voters back we'll need to stop calling conservatives names and start being more sensitive to their emotions. This analysis is appealing at first, especially if you're the type of liberal who prefers blaming yourself to criticizing others, but it doesn't hold up for one simple reason: calling someone out for being racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, or having some other bias isn't name-calling.
So what is it then? I prefer to think of it as a diagnosis, no more inherently pejorative than when a doctor tells you that you've got the flu or a broken arm. If that doesn't make sense right away, let's walk through two simple situations and see if it makes sense then.
In situation one, a man walks into the doctor's office with their hand hanging limp at the end of their arm. The doctor asks them to move their hand, and they say they can't. The doctor takes their hand, moves it gently, and the man cries out in pain. The doctor then orders an x-ray, and finds that the bones in the man's wrist are cracked. The doctor tells the man they have a broken wrist, the man thanks them for the diagnosis, and they move on to discuss ways to fix the problem and stop the man's pain.
In situation two, the same man is sitting at home with a friend. They are talking about recent political events and the man says they think black people are lazy thugs who should quit whining and go find something useful to do instead of selling drugs and living off welfare. The man's friend analyzes this comment, comes to the conclusion that their friend is making some broad statements about people based solely on their skin color, and calls the man a racist. Now the man who so happily received the diagnosis of a broken arm from their doctor becomes flustered and combative, quickly changes the topic, and later complains to a reporter that all the liberals they know are intolerant jerks who keep calling them nasty names.
Why are the outcomes of these situations so different? The doctor and the man's friend both did essentially the same thing: the doctor looked at physical evidence and correctly diagnosed the man with a broken wrist; the friend listened to what the man said and correctly diagnosed them as a racist. Yet the man thanks the doctor and resents their friend.
To understand why this happens, we need to delve into the two differences between the situation with the doctor and the situation with the friend. Doing this will help us understand why some people react badly to criticism from the left. However, it will also make it clear that these negative reactions are not something the left needs to worry about or accommodate.
The first difference between the situation with the doctor and the situation with the friend is that while the bigoted man may not have any negative associations with a broken wrist, they may in fact think that being called racist is an insult. If this is the case (and it isn't always), then the man's anger does not arise because their friend calls them out out for racism. Instead, they lash out because they are afraid to admit they are violating their own moral code.
To avoid making this concession and engaging in the uncomfortable soul-searching that would come with it, the man casts themselves as a victim of their friend's mean, liberal insults. This allows the man to absolve themselves of guilt, but it does not mean their friend did anything wrong. Calling out the man's racism was still the right thing to do.
The second reason the man may react differently when their friend tells them they are racist than when the doctor tells them they have a broken wrist is that while the man sought out the doctor and asked for a diagnosis, their friend called them out for their bias without an invitation. To the self-effacing liberal, this may seem like a totally legitimate reason for the man to get angry at their friend. However, if we try to apply this logic to the diagnosis of a broken wrist, then we yet again see that the friend did nothing wrong, and that the man's unwillingness to accept criticism is the real problem.
To make this clear, let's revisit situation one, but this time we'll assume the man does not want to admit they have a broken wrist in the same way they do not want to admit they are racist. To make sure they never has to face the truth, they actively avoid doctors. One day, however, they are out in public, and a doctor notices the man's hand hanging limply at the end of their arm. When they get closer, the doctor sees that the man is grimacing and appears to be in significant pain. The doctor also notices that the man's pain appears to be making them irritable, and they are barking angrily at anyone who gets too close. In an effort to help the man and prevent them from lashing out at anyone else who may stumble across their path, the doctor approaches and tells the man that they have a broken wrist and should consider getting it treated.
Now the doctor has acted just like the friend: they have diagnosed the man without the man seeking their input. But can anyone seriously say the doctor did something wrong? They saw a man who was both in pain and causing pain to those around them and did what they believed was necessary. Even the most blood-soaked of the bleeding heart liberals would have to engage in some Olympic-level mental gymnastics to portray the doctor as the villain in this scenario.
Finally, I think it is important to point out that virtually every single person on the left side of the political spectrum has been called racist or sexist or homophobic at some point. However, instead of lashing out and crying about how mean and nasty liberals are, we have taken these moments as opportunities to engage in thoughtful discussion and to grow into more understanding and tolerant people. We do this because we recognize that, in the same way the doctor isn't being mean when they diagnose the man's broken wrist, the people criticizing us aren't doing anything wrong when they point out our unconscious biases. In fact, we see that they are actually helping us.
The left has plenty of problems and we need to address them if we are going to remain a viable political force, but our commitment to eradicating prejudice is not one of them. Instead of giving in to a few whiny conservatives who don't want to take the time to question their assumptions, we need to keep calling people out and keep making them uncomfortable. In the same way a doctor should still tell a patient they have a broken wrist even if that patient wants to believe he's healthy, liberals should continue to call out prejudice whenever we see it, even if that makes some conservatives think we're mean.
The views reflected in this piece do not reflect the views of other Arbitror contributors or of Arbitror itself.
Photo: "Snapped_arm" by Peter Burkel for Flickr on a CC BY-ND 2.0 license. Usage of this photo does not indicate creator's endorsement.
The PCB has picked seamer Rahat Ali as a replacement for the injured Junaid Khan in Pakistan's World Cup squad. The ICC's technical committee approved the switch.*
The selection of Ali, who has played only one ODI in a seven-year List A career and no international game since the Sharjah Test against New Zealand in November, was approved by PCB chairperson Shaharyar Khan on the recommendation of chief selector Moin Khan.
Junaid was ruled out of the World Cup after failing a fitness test in Lahore earlier this week. They had already pulled out of the recently-concluded two-match ODI series against New Zealand due to a thigh injury sustained during training in Lahore in January and, despite undergoing a rigorous rehabilitation programme at the National Cricket Academy, could not regain full fitness in time. In October they had picked up a knee injury and was ruled out of Pakistan's entire international winter season in the UAE. They recovered from that injury to make the World Cup squad, but then they had a fall while bowling in the nets in Lahore.
Ali has played 11 Tests - aside from their solitary ODI, which was way back in June 2012 against Sri Lanka - picking 31 wickets at 36.67. In this season's domestic one-day competition, the President's Gold Cup One Day, where they play for Khan Research Laboratories, they have eight wickets at 32.37.
* 0825GMT, February 6: This article was updated after the ICC approved Rahat Ali's inclusion.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - JULY 31: Sam Jacobs of the Crows is injured during the 2016 AFL Round 19 match between the Adelaide Crows and the Essendon Bombers at the Adelaide Oval on July 31, 2016 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by James Elsby/AFL Media)
Injured Adelaide ruckman Sam Jacobs will not return to AFL action on Sunday.
Jacobs rolled their ankle in the second quarter of Adelaide's win over Essendon in Round 19 and was replaced in the ruck by first-gamer Reilly O'Brien for last Saturday night's game against Brisbane.
Jacobs started running again on Thursday, but Crows senior coach Don Pyke said the 28-year-old wouldn't be fit in time for the trip west.
“That ankle (injury) was a little bit worse than we initially thought,” Pyke said.
“He (Jacobs) will miss again, which means Reilly O'Brien gets another look and that's great for him.”
O'Brien will take on Dockers giant Aaron Sandilands at Domain Stadium.
Pyke said it would be a good challenge for the promising 21-year-old.
“I thought their (O'Brien's) game last week showed that they were comfortable at the level,” they said.
“He certainly wasn't overawed by their first game. Knowing 'ROB', I'll back them in (against Sandilands).”
Wingman Paul Seedsman, who suffered a corked buttock in the first quarter against the Lions, remains in doubt.
“Seeds is a bit sore, so we'll assess how that looks and weigh it up at match committee,” Pyke said.
“It (the cork) has probably caused them a little bit more soreness than we thought and then you've obviously got some bleeding around the hamstring area, so it's one of those we'll weigh up whether it's worth taking the risk or not.”
Pyke confirmed experienced midfielder Scott Thompson would return after being managed last weekend. Young forward Mitch McGovern (managed) and running half-back Ricky Henderson (Achilles) are also available for selection.
Jacobs is likely to be fit for next week's Showdown.
Vulkan is currently in its final stage of development and we want to share with you what makes it a great graphics API and what some of the differences to OpenGL are. NVIDIA believes strongly that Vulkan supplements OpenGL, and that both APIs have their own strengths.
Vulkan's strengths lie in the explicit control and multi-threading capabilities that by design allow us to push more commands to the GPU in less CPU time and have finer-grained cost control. OpenGL, however, continues to provide easier to use access to the hardware. This is especially important for applications that are not CPU-limited. Current NVIDIA technologies such as “bindless”, NV_command_list, and the “AZDO” techniques for core OpenGL, can achieve excellent single-thread performance.
To make the introduction a bit easier to follow, we omit some details in both text and illustrations and not all API objects are explained at their full detail.
Command Submission
In this post we want to look at the basic operations that normally happen in a rendering frame and which API mechanisms are used. Let's look at doing a draw-call in Vulkan.
Where OpenGL's state and drawing commands are often immediate, for Vulkan most of these operations are deferred. The CommandBuffer hosts the typical set of commands to setup rendering state and is then submitted to the Queue for execution.
The actual operations within the CommandBuffer should not sound too unfamiliar. A RenderPass is similar to framebuffer-object binding, and a DescriptorSet handles uniform bindings (buffer, texture…), more about those later.
Device : The device is used to query information, and to create most of Vulkan's API objects.
: The device is used to query information, and to create most of Vulkan's API objects. Queue : A device can expose multiple queues. For example, there can be dedicated queue to copying data, or to compute and/or graphics queue. Operations on a single queue are typically processed in-order, but multiple queues can overlap in parallel.
: A device can expose multiple queues. For example, there can be dedicated queue to copying data, or to compute and/or graphics queue. Operations on a single queue are typically processed in-order, but multiple queues can overlap in parallel. CommandBuffer: Here we record the general commands such as setting state, executing work like drawing from vertex-buffers, dispatching compute grids, copying between buffers… function wise nothing fundamentally different. While there are still costs for building, the submission to the queue will be rather quick.
Command Buffer Usage
We can build and submit multiple CommandBuffers in parallel, and re-use them. Re-use is particularly useful in scenarios that were traditionally CPU heavy. Imagine re-submitting a scene for multiple shadow-maps, or left and right eye for VirtualReality glasses, or submitting multiple complex objects, or entire scenes for several frames at very low CPU cost. The Vulkan driver doesn't need to do guessing or use heuristics about their usage, as the developer provides the information at creation time up-front. The following illustration shows that Vulkan distinguishes between primary and secondary CommandBuffers.
Primary CommandBuffer always handles RenderPass setup. All the other typical rendering operations can be either directly recorded, or provided by secondary CommandBuffer.
always handles RenderPass setup. All the other typical rendering operations can be either directly recorded, or provided by secondary CommandBuffer. Secondary CommandBuffer can encode a subset of commands.
It is important to note that in core Vulkan there is generally no state-inheritance between CommandBuffers. The only inheritance is that a secondary CommandBuffer does use the active images that are being rendered into, as defined by the primary CommandBuffer.
Common Objects for Rendering
What makes CommandBuffer recording fast? A key aspect of Vulkan is to use more objects with pre-validated state and references those in the CommandBuffers. Therefore, it overcomes some deficits of unextended OpenGL. While OpenGL's multi-draw-indirect buffer is re-usable and fillable in parallel as well, it doesn't allow state changes (NV_command_list does to a degree). Going back even further display-lists just allowed way too many changes which resulted in only a subset being implementable fast. Display-lists also stored the data immutable along with them, while the modern way is to reference data. This means a scene represented by a CommandBuffer can still be fully animated, as the referenced data such as matrices or vertices reside in buffers whose contents can be changed independently.
The next image shows what objects are used for the various commands.
Image : Represents formatted data organized in regular grids used in texturing, render-targets… Equivalent of an OpenGL texture.
: Represents formatted data organized in regular grids used in texturing, render-targets… Equivalent of an OpenGL texture. FrameBuffer : A set of Image attachments that are being rendered into. It must match the configuration of the RenderPass it is used with.
: A set of Image attachments that are being rendered into. It must match the configuration of the RenderPass it is used with. RenderPass : In principle encodes the format of the framebuffer attachments, what type of clears, whether we do multi-pass effects, pass dependencies… This is one of the bigger new features that Vulkan has to offer which will be subject of a later blog post.
: In principle encodes the format of the framebuffer attachments, what type of clears, whether we do multi-pass effects, pass dependencies… This is one of the bigger new features that Vulkan has to offer which will be subject of a later blog post. Buffer : Represents raw linear memory used for vertex, index, uniform data… Equivalent to an OpenGL buffer.
: Represents raw linear memory used for vertex, index, uniform data… Equivalent to an OpenGL buffer. Pipeline : Encodes rendering state such as shaders being used, depth-testing, blending operations… All captured into a single monolithic object. Because all important state is provided upfront at the creation time of the object, its later usage can be very quick. OpenGL's internal validation may have to do state-dependent compilation of shaders that at worst could create stuttering at draw-time. With Vulkan you have precise control over when such validation is triggered.
: Encodes rendering state such as shaders being used, depth-testing, blending operations… All captured into a single monolithic object. Because all important state is provided upfront at the creation time of the object, its later usage can be very quick. OpenGL's internal validation may have to do state-dependent compilation of shaders that at worst could create stuttering at draw-time. With Vulkan you have precise control over when such validation is triggered. DescriptorSet: A set of bindings for shader inputs. Instead of binding resources individually in OpenGL, Vulkan organizes them in groups. You can re-use such a binding group as well. In a later blog post we will cover the various ways how to provide uniform data to your compute or draw calls.
Allocation Management
There is a new level of complexity to Vulkan, that didn't really exist in OpenGL before. We will only briefly touch on the topic of allocation management here. In Vulkan various API objects are generated from other resources, as hinted in the image below.
CommandBufferPool : The CommandBuffers and their content are allocated from these pools.
: The CommandBuffers and their content are allocated from these pools. DescriptorPool : Many DescriptorSets can be allocated from a single pool.
: Many DescriptorSets can be allocated from a single pool. Heap : The device comes with fixed amount of limited heaps, which memory is allocated from.
: The device comes with fixed amount of limited heaps, which memory is allocated from. Memory: Buffers and Images are bound to Memory depending on their requirements and the developers preference. This allows manual sub-allocation of resources from a bigger block of memory or aliasing the memory with different resources.
The pools simplify deletion of many resources that were allocated from them at once and they also ensure allocations can be done lock-free by using per-thread pools. For example one can use a different CommandBufferPool per-frame and create all temporary CommandBuffers from it. After a few frames when all these CommandBuffers have been completed by the GPU, the pool can be reset and new temporaries generated from it.
Memory management also allows for greater control and new use-cases such as aliasing memory. A memory allocation is rather costly and some operating systems also have fixed overhead for how many allocations are active at once. We therefore encourage developers to sub-allocate resources from larger chunks of memory.
NVIDIA's Vulkan Driver
Starting with a new API can involve a lot of work as common utilities may not yet be available. NVIDIA will therefore provide a few Vulkan extensions from day zero, so that you as developer can enjoy fewer obstacles on your path to Vulkan. We will support consuming GLSL shader strings directly next to Vulkan's mandatory SPIR-V input. Furthermore we leverage our industry leading OpenGL driver and allow you to run Vulkan inside an OpenGL context and presenting Vulkan Images within it. This allows you to use your favorite windowing and user-interface libraries and some of our samples will make use of it to compare OpenGL and Vulkan seamlessly.
With this we conclude our first overview on how Vulkan operates in some basics. We hope some of the core principles of the API were conveyed and didn't look too complex. While the actual responsibilities in the detailed usage as well as the verbosity of the API may be a struggle at times, the actual principal mechanisms of Vulkan are not that “alien” to graphics programmers.
In retrospect, the question sounds silly: Will 49ers wide receiver Stevie Johnson make the 53-man roster?
That was posed to Jim Harbaugh on Aug. 25, five days before final roster cuts, and it seemed like a legitimate query.
Johnson, after all, had been sidelined by a hamstring injury in the spring and their summer included a nondescript training camp and two catches for 11 yards in the preseason. In addition, they were scheduled to earn $3.925 million, was coming off an injury plagued season with the Bills, who – perhaps tellingly? – had traded them to the 49ers in May for a conditional fourth-round pick.
Finally, they were part of a crowded wide receiver corps that included Anquan Boldin, Michael Crabtree and Brandon Lloyd, which further fueled speculation they could be a salary-cap casualty.
Thus, the question: Does Johnson have a spot secured on the team?
Said Harbaugh: “I feel very good about them being on the 53-man roster, yes.”
Two months later, Johnson, whose forgettable 2013 was preceded by three straight 1,000-yard season, has made the 49ers feel very good about acquiring him.
After seven games, Johnson, 28, ranks third on the 49ers in receptions (25) and receiving yards (315), has a team-high six catches of 20-plus yards and shares team-high honors with three touchdowns.
Those solid numbers look spectacular when considering this: Johnson has played just 31 percent of the offensive snaps, the fourth-fewest among wideouts behind Boldin (88 percent), Crabtree (73) and Lloyd (38).
Johnson, obviously, has extracted the most from their limited opportunities. Among the 67 wide receivers who have been targeted with at least 30 passes, Johnson ranks first in average yards per route run (3.18), according to Pro Football Focus.
Quarterback Colin Kaepernick has clearly found a trusted target after struggling to get on the same page with Johnson this summer. Kaepernick has a 127.8 passer rating when targeting Johnson, completing 25 of 31 passes.
Such numbers, of course, beg the question: Why isn't Johnson, who has played fewer than 20 snaps in four games, on the field more?
Part of the answer is Boldin and Crabtree are entrenched as the top two wideouts and the 49ers, despite increased usage of three- and four-wideout formations this season, remain committed to their running attack: They rank seventh in rushing attempts per game (30.0) and 21st in passing attempts (33.1).
That is, Johnson, in effect, shares the No. 3 wide receiver role with Lloyd in an offense that still isn't exactly pass-happy. The 49ers have used three-wideout formations on 51 percent of their plays and have employed four-wideout personnel on 10.8 percent of their plays, per PFF.
It's possible the performance of Johnson and Lloyd – who is averaging 25.2 yards on 10 catches – could lead to a more equal division of labor between the top four wideouts in the second half of the season, although it's unlikely Boldin and Crabtree would cede significant snaps.
Johnson has certainly made a compelling case for a bump in playing time. Consider that Crabtree, despite running 136 more pass routes than Johnson, has just seven more receptions and seven more yards.
Johnson's production has yet to change the wide receiver hierarchy, but it has altered the conversation. Two months after their spot on the team didn't appear certain, the question is this: How can they assume a more prominent role?
*******************************************************************
Johnson has played just 31 percent of the offensive snaps this season, but is on pace for a 57-catch, 720-yard, seven-touchdown season:
Anquan Boldin: 39 catches, 447 yards, 1 TD, 250 routes run
Michael Crabtree: 32 catches, 322 yards, 3 TD, 235 routes run
Stevie Johnson: 25 catches, 315 yards, 3 TD, 99 routes run
Brandon Lloyd: 21 catches, 252 yards, 1 TD 125 routes run
(KUTV) We all know Utah loves Star Wars, but why do Mormons really dig Star Wars? There has to be an explanation on why Mormons love science fiction and fantasy so much.
Utah that was the most obsessed with Star Wars -- at least in our galaxy.
and it doesn't have nearly anything to do with the age old rumors of how much late LDS prophet Spencer W. Kimball, who served as president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1973-85, was alike Jedi Master Yoda in many characteristics.
For the record, even though Kimball urged faithful followers to not only believe in their faith, but to "do it," which was seen by some as an inverted saying of Yoda's "Do or Do Not," they were not the inspiration for Yoda.
RELATED:
Stuart Freeborn, who designed the look of Yoda, , Bowman wrote in the article.
There are some common similarities between an LDS prophet and Yoda, Bowman writes. While Mormons believe the president of the LDS church is the only individual on earth that holds the entirety of priesthood authority Jesus Christ bestowed to the apostle Peter. On the other hand, Yoda was the last Jedi in the galaxy. So there is that.
To find out why Mormons love Star Wars, the answer goes deeper than just some George Lucas creations. Bowman's theory rests in previously uncharted territory of science fiction novelists with ties to the faith. Mormons are pretty fascinated with other galaxies and the supernatural.
Mormon moviemakers and novelists alike have achieved national success by working in this genre. Folks like: Orson Scott Card, Jared Hess, Stephanie Meyer, Brandon Sanderson indicate there is a place for strong following in a speculative science fiction world and a possibility for more to exist.
Bowman says the novel "Added Upon" was the first "Mormon venture into science fiction" and it was attempted in the 19th Century by Nephi Anderson.
Mormons like talking about the supernatural. For the past three decades BYU has held a symposium called "Life, the Universe and Everything," where everything related to science fiction and fantasy is discussed. This reference might also explain Mormons' infatuation with "The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy."
Even LDS Apostle Jeffrey R. Holland referenced the moral and ethical example of the teen wizard Harry Potter in the wildly popular fantasy series.
All of these small reasons are integral pieces in the collage that explains the bigger picture of why Utah is the state The Washington Post touted as the state that was the most nuts about 'Star Wars.'
RELATED:
If you take basic Mormon theology and compare it to the elements that make up a science fiction story, there are several similarities that can be taken at face value on topics like the battle of good versus evil, miracles, angels, and the supernatural.
"Mormons believe a lot of things that are pretty fantastic we believe in miracles and angels and ancient prophets and rediscovered Scripture so maybe it is almost natural for us to dive into these other stories," LDS fantasy author Shannon Hale said to the Boston Globe.
On a deeper level, Mormon scholar Terryl Givens says the faith's belief and theology opens up a passageway for sci-fi and fantasy ideas that come across as more plausible than they would in other religions. Given mentions how Mormon scripture points to an existence of life throughout the universe.
Bowman says Mormons can also relate to a recent memory of ancestors building a society.
"And yet Mormonism - like any religion - persists in part because its social imagination offers a critique of the weaknesses the larger society is often blind to," Bowman writes, adding that the themes of speculative fiction echo this reality.
While Mormons are admonished to not be part of the world, Bowman suggests the followers' interest in speculative fiction shows many may still have the desire for it.
"But that they find that fiction in Hollywood and on Amazon along with all the rest of us shows how powerful the world they once resisted has become."
SEATTLE -- King County Metro Transit “paused” their plan to remove two bus shelters at the Alaska Junction in West Seattle because of the response from people around the area, some of whom debate how much that move will improve safety.
Six bus shelters sit on Alaska St between 44th Ave SW and California Ave. King County Transit planned to remove the two shelters near the southeast corner of 44th and Alaska. They identified two main factors: ridership does not justify that number of shelters and illegal behavior has become a problem within those shelters.
King County Transit says they've heard concerns about loitering, drug use and drunkenness from several businesses and families in the area, including the West Seattle Junction Association.
But some doubt that removing two bus shelters will make that area safer.
“I think it's a terrible idea,” Jazmin Martinez, 20, said. Martinez sits beneath those bus shelters four times each week. She's never felt threatened by the “I feel pretty safe if you ask me.”
King County Metro Transit says they received an immediate response from the community when they announced the removal. So they decided to open up public comment. That public comment continues through Nov. 18. You can email dale.cummings@kingcounty.gov or call 206-553-3000
There is something desperate about the current quality of politics in Washington DC. It is not that our elected representatives steadily avoid any discussion of key issues. It is rather that -- on far too many occasions -- the way in which they choose to discuss those key issues trivializes them to the point of folly.
We have just experienced yet another example of this -- a debt ceiling debate briefly linked to the correction of the inadvertent erosion of veterans' pensions. It is appalling that such a correction was ever necessary. But it is equally appalling that, after abandoning the linkage -- by deciding instead to offset the cost of the correction by extending automatic cuts to Medicare -- both the House and the Senate should then have ducked the bigger questions involved. Once more, they missed a vital opportunity to explore the deeper issue in play: namely the on-going relationship between the level of federal debt and the current scale of defense spending. Instead of exploring that relationship, our elected representatives merely raced home to avoid the snow.
That wider relationship between overall federal spending and spending on defense is important because, right now, the scale of defense spending is so enormous.
• The cost of defense. The official defense budget is huge -- currently just short of $700 billion. It is significantly larger than it was before 9/11 (in 2001, just $287 billion) and even when sequestered in 2013 only fell back to 2007 levels -- and in 2007 the Iraq War was still in full flow. The unofficial defense budget, the one that also takes into account the cost of homeland security, the nuclear program and the intelligence services and veterans' affairs -- that unofficial budget is larger still. On some counts, it may be twice as large as official Pentagon spending. But in 2010, even the smaller figure made the U.S. defense budget greater than the defense budgets of the next 10 national spenders on defense, many of which are actually also our allies. Right now, the U.S., with five percent of the world's population and a quarter of total global economic output, is responsible for at least 40 percent of all global military expenditure. Those expenditures are real costs that collectively absorb between a fifth and a quarter of federal spending year-on-year.
• The opportunity costs of all that defense spending. The flipside of the real costs of defense spending are the things lost because that spending is so directed. Those opportunity costs are less immediately visible and can be measured in many different ways, but they are always substantial. The opportunity costs of a large military budget can be measured in terms of domestic policies not pursued for want of federal funds. They can be measured in terms of the greater multiplier effect on the rest of the economy of domestic rather than military spending. They can be measured by the erosion of international economic competitiveness caused by the resulting over-concentration of R&D on military products. They can even be measured by the loss of civil liberties associated with NSA programs and secret intelligence services that are difficult to effectively regulate. President Eisenhower put the point about the opportunity costs of defense spending very starkly long ago, when still a general: "every gun that is made," they said, "every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are cold and are not clothed."
• The human costs of forward engagement. These have also been and remain enormous. The U.S. military lost over 4000 soldiers in Iraq, and sent home more than 32,000 injured. American casualties in Afghanistan now exceed 2000. And those figures are just the tip of the iceberg for those two wars alone. As many as one in three of the men and women who served in either theater -- some 500,000 Americans overall -- are now suffering long-term physical and mental problems as a result of their service; and the burden on civilians in both countries was and remains even heavier. The number of civilians killed in Iraq during the American occupation totaled anywhere between 110,000 and 1.2 million, depending on the source used. The number of Afghan civilian dead is not even known. The number of internally displaced Iraqis was probably 1.25 million. The number of refugees was over 1.5 million. These are huge numbers, capturing human suffering and distress of the most basic kind.
• The effectiveness of all the treasure spent. Perhaps that would not matter quite so much if either war had been successful in American terms. But neither was. The invasion of Iraq proved to be a quagmire from which U.S. troops could only slowly be extracted, and the war in Afghanistan is now America's longest, with U.S. success in establishing total ground control there being no greater than that achieved by previous invaders: the British in the nineteenth century and the Soviets three decades ago. Freedom House, the great measurer of democratic stability and rights, currently grades Iraq as "not free" -- scoring badly on both civil liberties and political rights -- as well it might, given the on-going and deadly tit-for-tat sectarian violence which remains dominant in the Baghdad that U.S.-led troops supposedly "liberated" more than a decade ago. And with the Taliban resurgent in today's Afghanistan, and its President now releasing prisoners still deemed dangerous by U.S. military commanders there, our "success rate" in Kabul is likely to be lower still.
Of course it remains the case that many of the most strident deficit hawks in Congress tend also to be enthusiastic advocates of more defense spending rather than less. They combine those two ostensibly incompatible positions in part because they believe that the United States is still under attack by jihadists of various stripes, and will remain so be regardless of whether America is militarily active abroad or not. But even when talking to them, it is surely worth raising at least the first of the four big question-sets that such a level of global military engagement ought now to be holding central attention in Washington D.C.
The sets of questions are these.
1. Given the vastness of the defense budget, are we genuinely convinced that there is no scope for large-scale efficiency savings? Do we genuinely believe that the military capacity of this nation will be irreparably damaged if the cuts made to the Pentagon budget are of a scale equivalent to/bigger than the cuts now being advocated on things like food stamps? Because if such cuts and efficiency savings are possible, why are they not top of the deficit-reduction agenda?
2. Given the track record of American arms in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003, are we right to pursue a strategy of hunting & killing jihadists in the manner into which we have settled? Is it the case that there is simply a fixed number of anti-American fighters whom drone strikes need to kill? And is it true that the vast majority of jihadists would target Americans in their campaigns against local power-holders if the U.S. military was not there in the first place, giving support to those power-holders?
3. Then the big question: are we absolutely sure that American security is enhanced by spreading our military capacity so extensively overseas, or would American security be better served by shifting the focus of U.S. foreign policy from this heavy a reliance on hard power towards a more sustained concentration on the deployment of soft power? Is it really the case that, if American military power is pulled back in some significant manner, the rest of the world would quickly descend into chaos and mayhem?
For progressives at least, maybe a fourth set.
4. Are there any political or social conditions in countries abroad that are so vital to the human condition, and so offensive to core American values, as to justify unilateral intervention by the U.S. military? Would such interventions enjoy full legitimacy if any trace of those conditions remained within the United States itself?
I have a personal view on each of those. My own judgment would be that the scale of spending can be cut significantly without impairing capacity, that killing jihadists through drone attacks simply creates more terrorists that later we have to kill, and that too great a military presence abroad only serves to stoke the fires of anti-Americanism. As far as I can see, covert operations by black-op teams, and the funding of dictators who are ostensibly "on our side," only serves over time to strengthen "the other side" and draw us ever deeper into regional conflicts that we can neither win nor control. Putting our men and women in uniform in harm's way, that is, both damages them and damages us. It is therefore surely better to re-orient our presence abroad, by re-focusing our military effort on the protection of friends who are genuinely in peril and on embassies, which are genuinely at risk, and by otherwise leaving the bulk of the American message overseas to be delivered by organizations of diplomacy and peace. And that, in my view, is even true when considering issues as vital to progressives as democratic institutions and women's rights. Soft power, not hard power, is the most effective route to their attainment. We cannot unilaterally shoot our way to global social justice and we shouldn't try. As Talleyrand told Napoleon long ago, "you can do anything with a bayonet except sit on it."
But of course in the end it is the questions that are important, rather than any one personal set of answers. It is the governing consensus in Washington D.C. on the benign and unavoidable nature of America's global role -- what Andrew Bacevich called "Washington Rules" -- that now needs to be discussed far and wide in the United States. We have had at least one major blue-ribbon commission on the deficit side of the federal spending equation under President Obama. How much more useful would it be if, to balance that out, the President now used the quiet time of their last term to call together an equivalent commission on the effectiveness and costs of America's global role.
American politicians too often package the many small decisions they make in the language of tough choices contemplated and resolved. Well, it is surely time for the trivia to stop. It is time instead for a serious and well-informed conversation about the genuinely tough decisions that do now need to be made, time for serious and calm contemplation on the underlying choices that we actually face as a nation. As the Afghan War at long last winds down, it is surely time for Washington to lift both its sights and its game, for there is so much more at stake here than simply immediate electoral advantage.
Posted with full citations at www.davidcoates.net
With Japan's low birth rate leading to a shortage of workers, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is encouraging investment in automation. As the NY Times points out, Japan had fewer than 1 million births last year for the first time since records began in 1899. The population is projected to fall to 80 million by 2060 — from over 120 million now.
Unemployment in Japan is just 2.8%, and in some parts of the country the majority of the population is elderly. Increased immigration could help solve the problem, but per the Times, there is little public support for it. Policy options include changing the retirement age, as well as machines that could fill the gap.
Why it matters: While robots create anxiety, they may actually be necessary as working-age populations shrink in Japan, Europe and elsewhere. There is labor that needs to be done, especially in elderly care.
If scientists could find a way to cheaply and easily split water into its molecular parts, it would give us access to an incredibly clean and renewable energy source - hydrogen fuel. When burnt with oxygen, hydrogen fuel produces no emissions, and in theory, it's simple enough to produce - you just take water and run an electrical current through it to produce hydrogen and oxygen. But at the moment, this process uses up so much electricity to make, it's not exactly feasible.
Now researchers have performed one of the two steps in this process, known as reduction, with 100 percent efficiency - completely annihilating the previous record of 60 percent. That means that all the energy going into the reaction comes out the other side, and suggests that if the first step of water-splitting - oxidation - can be improved upon, hydrogen fuel could be a viable, emissions-free candidate to power our vehicles and electronic devices.
"I strongly believe that the search for clean and renewable energy sources is crucial," lead researcher Lilac Amirav from the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology in Israel told Phys.org. "With the looming energy crisis on one hand, and environmental aspects, mainly global warming, on the other, I think this is our duty to try and amend the problem for the next generation."
The process was so efficient because it was powered entirely by light, using nanorods as the catalyst that drives the reaction forwards. In the majority of reactions we learn about at school, catalysts are chemicals, but the 50-nanometre-long nanorods used in this system are known as photocatalysts, and they work by absorbing photons from a light source, and then releasing electrons to help split water into hydrogen and oxygen.
"Our work shows that it is possible to obtain a perfect 100 percent photon-to-hydrogen production efficiency, under visible light illumination, for the photocatalytic water splitting reduction half-reaction," said Amirav. "These results shatter the previous benchmarks for all systems, and leave little to no room for improvement for this particular half-reaction ... the potential here is real."
To give you a little context here, splitting water requires two steps because it's not quite as straightforward as ripping apart the three atoms in H2O. The full reaction requires two molecules of H2O to be put in, which are then separated through oxidation and reduction, as Lisa Zyga explains for Phys.org:
"In the oxidation half-reaction, four individual hydrogen atoms are produced along with an O2 molecule (which is discarded). In the reduction half-reaction, the four hydrogen atoms are paired up into two H2 molecules by adding electrons, which produces the useful form of hydrogen: H2 gas."
That last half of the reaction is what has now been improved, and the 100 percent efficiency refers to the fact that all of the photons shone onto the nanorods generated electrons.
At this efficiency, the reduction half-reaction produces about 100 H2 molecules per nanorod every second - and each sample contains about 600 trillion nanorods, which means a whole lot of hydrogen fuel can be generated quickly.
The key to this success was identifying a bottleneck in the process - the fact that every time an electron left the catalyst, it left a vacant hole, which then needed to be removed in order to continue on with the process. By redesigning the nanorods to streamline this process, the researchers increased the efficiency from 58.5 percent to 100 percent.
The team is now working on making the system more scalable. Right now, it requires a very high pH level, which isn't ideal for real-world applications, and the nanorods can also become corroded over time. The goal is that by perfect this half-reaction, it'll take hydrogen fuel a step closer to becoming a hydrogen fuel source.
"We hope to implement our design rules, experience and accumulated insights for the construction of a system capable of overall water splitting and genuine solar-to-fuel energy conversion," said Amirav. "I believe this is an important milestone."
The research has been published in Nano Letters.
ADVERTISEMENT
Saudi authorities have released a female activist, Manal al-Sharif, who spent five days in jail for defying the conservative Muslim kingdom's ban on women driving. Oil-rich Saudi Arabia — a key U.S. ally in the region — has so far escaped the wave of protests sweeping the Arab world. But al-Sharif's arrest — which came after they posted videos online showing them behind the wheel — has fueled calls for change from the country's youth. It has also drawn attention to their attempt to get Saudi women to join a collective protest by getting into cars and driving on June 17. Is this the spark Saudi reformists have been missing?
The Saudi government can't sweep this under the rug: The royal family probably thought that by taking down al-Sharif's Facebook page they could silence their protest, says Pat Bartels at Gather. But the video is still visible on YouTube. This case "illustrates just how oppressed women are in Saudi Arabia," and now that the word is out that women are standing up for their rights, there is no going back.
"Saudi woman uses social media and lands in jail"
It's time to just let women drive: "There need not be a stand-off or confrontation on this issue if it is handled correctly," says The Saudi Gazette in an editorial. All the government has to do is let women drive. "Society will not break down if women are mobile." The ban is unofficial, anyway — there is no law saying women can't drive. So all it will take to settle this is educating men that the women in their lives need more freedom if they — and Saudi society — are to reach their full potential.
"Women and the right to drive cars"
But this isn't about driving: Al-Sharif's crime, in the eyes of the government, wasn't driving, says Jane Martinson in Britain's Guardian. It was posting their protest video on Facebook and Twitter — the social networking powerhouses that have helped uprisings spread elsewhere. The government probably won't budge on its long-standing passive support of religious clerics' ban on women driving, but it will be "quick to stamp down" any effort by protesters to harness the power of the internet and use it against the government.
"A drive for freedom in Saudi Arabia"
LinkedIn is launching a new Ads API that will make it easier for social media marketers to manage their LinkedIn campaigns. That could mean future growth in the company's ad revenue.
Previously, many advertisers have been managing their ads on LinkedIn's self-serve interface. With the new API, developers can build customized tools for marketers on third party services. This means that advertisers could do things like automatically create scores of ad campaigns and test different ads on LinkedIn, or quickly change spending across LinkedIn and other social media outlets in real-time, LinkedIn says.
While the business social network generates the majority of its revenue from recruiting tools, advertising is still an opportunity considering LinkedIn's traffic numbers. LinkedIn generated $64 million or 25% of its total revenue from advertising in its most recent quarter. With the new Ads API, LinkedIn is looking to grow advertising and make it an easier box to check across the variety of online advertising options.
Initial partners that are using the LinkedIn API include Adobe, Bizo and Unified Social.
LinkedIn now has 187 million members and 3 billion monthly page views. Earlier this month LinkedIn reported quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street expectations.
It's the Renault Megane GT220 Sport Tourer. A long name for an even longer car, and another entrant into the pleasingly bustling hot hatch estate market. Wearing a GT rather than an RS badge, it's not quite an Alsatian-friendly version of the Nürburgring-honed Trophy-R. But the GT220's front wheels are driven by what's essentially a detuned version of its fighty sibling's 2.0-litre turbo petrol engine, albeit around 50bhp lighter here, with 217bhp on tap. It's far cheaper, too. This Sport Tourer kicks off at £24,245, just £15 more than a five-door GT220.The GT220's 7.6-second 0-62mph time is nearly two seconds down on that Trophy-R, but then this is a car with far more equipment and three more seats on board. And its 149mph top speed ain't bad at all. What's important, though, is that it feels swift, its engine is muscular, easy-going and quite appealing in its soundtrack. Thumbs up too for its satisfying six-speed manual gearbox, the GT220's only transmission option. If only the current RS Clio could run a similar combination.There are bigger front brake discs than the standard Megane, and unique Renaultsport-fettled suspension. Over rutted urban roads, there's predictable firmness: welcome if you want to know where your money's been spent, less so if you just want to shuffle through town without fuss. Out on more open, undulating roads, though, the fettling makes more sense. Here's an estate car with uncanny agility and body control. The steering is light and rather free of feel, but that's the case for most modern hot hatches. What matters is that the GT220 is intuitive and very easy to drive briskly. Where the Renault falls down against its sportier competition - the Ford Focus ST and SEAT Leon Cupra ST, in particular - is its lack of torque management on the front axle. It's simply not as focused as those two, and there's no limited-slip differential or torque vectoring to help you power out of a corner. You'll find a very hardcore differential on Renaultsport's full-strength Megane, and it's merely evidence that the GT badge used here is for less committed products. If you have seats full of children and a boot full of pushchairs and/or pets, though, that will feel entirely fitting.There's a whole caboodle of standard equipment. Climate control, a reversing camera, satnav, LED running lights and a posh stereo are all on the kit list, which goes someway to justify the Megane costing a smidge more than that friskier Focus ST, which is sparser in equipment. While this generation of Megane is knocking on a bit now - it was first introduced in 2008 - the interior feels nicely appointed and possesses a bit more character than that Leon Cupra. How successful the Megane's latest facelift has been on the outside is a subjective decision you'll have made yourself.It's a nice car, this, but it has tough competition in the shape of the cheaper Focus and more scintillating Seat. Skoda offers its identically powered, though much more capacious, Octavia vRS estate for a smidge under £25,000, too. Good as it is, the GT220 Tourer's not a podium finisher in a small but strong class. Peruse a few online outlets, though, and there are new examples with £8000 lopped off. Suddenly its appeal spikes. Tempted?
Boko Haram has dramatically increased the use of children in suicide bomb attacks on civilians in Nigeria, UNICEF reported Tuesday.
There has been a four-fold increase in the use of weaponized children as part of the Islamist insurgency which has ravaged the country's northeast for eight years, UNICEF said in a statement.
So far this year, 83 children have been used as "human bombs," the majority of whom were girls.
Such attacks are used to sow fear among the population, especially of children who have been released, rescued or escaped from Boko Haram or similar Islamist terrorist groups.
Boko Haram slaughters Niger villagers, kidnaps 37 women in cross-border raid https://t.co/NfmDjsFywh — RT (@RT_com) July 5, 2017
“There is an extraordinary level of tension obviously in these communities and... people are afraid of children who have been victimized in this absolutely appalling way," UNICEF spokesperson Marixie Mercado said, as cited by VOA News.
"There are instances of children being ostracized by their communities and worse. Terrible things are happening to children after already horrific things have happened to them,” they added.
In total, 55 attacks used girls, often younger than 15 years old, 27 used boys and one even used a baby strapped to a young girl to carry out a suicide bomb attack.
A total of 19 children were used in such attacks last year, reports AP.
UNICEF described such terrorist attacks as an "atrocity," while stressing that the children involved are "victims, not perpetrators."
"There were two girls taught by Boko Haram to be suicide bombers ... The girls confirmed that they were taught that their life was not worth living, that if they die detonating the bomb and killing a lot of people, then their lives will be profitable," Nigerian aid worker Rebecca Dali said, as cited by Reuters.
So far, 1.7 million people have been displaced by the Islamist insurgency in the northeast of the country, 85 percent of whom come from Borno state, the main focus of such attacks.
The insurrection is now in its eighth year, having claimed the lives of more than 20,000 and forced more than 2 million people to flee their homes, reports Reuters.
At least 170 people have been killed since June 1 of this year.
Mercado added that while Boko Haram has not claimed responsibility for all such attacks, no other group is yet known to employ such tactics.
In response to the Islamist threat, Nigeria launched the Mobile Strike Force which is designed to specifically end the Boko Haram-led insurgency.
According to the Nigerian Bulletin, Maj.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru said: “That is why we launched MST. We finally want to wreck them. This force will have various fighting platforms and equipment to attack deep into the hinterlands and achieve the conduct of long range voyages. All these will undoubtedly help us to succeed in Operation Lafiya Dole and improve our efficiency.”
READ MORE: Nigeria ‘foils Boko Haram attack on UK & US embassies'
SHANGHAI — A study released last week by the Asia Society in New York forecast that over the coming decade China could invest as much as $2 trillion in overseas companies and projects, with a big share of that money heading to the United States.
But analysts say that just as startling are figures not included in the study, which show the explosive growth of China's overseas lending and portfolio investments.
According to figures released by CEIC Data, a division of ISI Emerging Markets, China's overseas lending and trade finance spending reached $102 billion last year, up from $19 billion in 2008.
In addition, the United States Treasury department released figures last week that show that the value of China's holdings of United States stocks climbed to $127 billion in June 2010, up from about $3 billion in 2004.
With the world's largest foreign exchange reserves and a growing number of state-owned companies bidding to acquire overseas assets, China is quickly shifting from being a country known for exports to one capable of making huge investment in global financial markets, analysts say.
“What is striking is that China is the first emerging market to become a major player” in the global financial markets, through its outward investments, says Eswar S. Prasad, a professor of trade policy at Cornell University. “This represents China's increasing use of its financial prowess to strengthen its economic linkages around the world.”
Professor Prasad says China is not just investing in overseas companies and factories; it's also offering aid to resource-rich countries in exchange for stable, long-term supplies of energy and natural resources.
Taken together, the Asia Society study and the statistics released by the United States Treasury and CEIC offer a broad portrait of China's “go global” strategy, Beijing's ambitious effort to diversify the state's investments while also seeking new sources of energy, resources and technology.
The International Monetary Fund says China could go global in another way: investing in overseas land and food resources. China already imports huge quantities of grain from the United States and Latin America. Now, Chinese companies are seeking to buy or lease large plots of land, particularly in Latin America.
The shift from being a country that attracts inward investment to one that invests overseas, is well under way.
On Friday, the English language newspaper, China Daily, quoted a senior Ministry of Commerce official saying that within three years China's overseas direct investment would surpass its inbound foreign direct investment. The official said much of that investment would be directed toward the United States, Europe and Latin America.
That would be a major milestone, since China's economic boom has been powered by decade by overseas companies investing in manufacturing and export-related industries here. Last year, China's inbound foreign direct investment was about $100 billion, while outbound investments in the non-financial sector were about $59 billion.
The world's largest particle collider is gearing up for another run of smashing particles together at nearly the speed of light. After a two-year hiatus for upgrades, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) will restart this year, and is expected to be twice as powerful as it was during its first run.
In 2012, the LHC helped to find evidence of the Higgs boson, the particle that is thought to explain how other particles get their mass. The discovery vindicated theoretical calculations made decades ago, and bolstered the Standard Model, the current framework of particle physics.
With the LHC slated to run at energies more powerful than any previous particle accelerator, what are physicists hoping to find now? [See photos of the Large Hadron Collider]
When the LHC fires up again this year, it will reach energies of 13 trillion electron volts, with enough current to melt 1 ton of copper. This run is expected to last until 2018.
At the 2015 meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, held Feb. 12-16 in San Jose, California, several researchers involved in the experiments spoke about their expectations for the coming years. "We'll see the first cracks in the Standard Model," said Michael Williams, assistant professor of physics at MIT, who uses data from the LHC to study matter and antimatter.
In a particle accelerator, a stream of protons -- usually hydrogen or something heavy, like lead -- is accelerated by magnetic fields in a 17-mile-long (27 kilometers) loop. The particles are accelerated to a velocity just a hair less than the speed of light and are then smashed into one another.
These collisions produce a cascade of subatomic particles and radiation that provide clues about the building blocks of matter. Some of these particles are new and are not usually seen outside of such collisions because they transform (or "decay") into more familiar types after only a tiny fraction of a second. For example, particle accelerators showed that protons were made of quarks and produced the W and Z bosons, which carry the weak nuclear force involved in radioactive decay. This is why particle physicists reach for ever-higher energies -- the more energy in the collisions, the more heavy particles get produced, which means a greater chance that something interesting will show up.
Here are four things the LHC teams hope to find during the LHC's second run.
1. Supersymmetric partners
Supersymmetry is a theory (or set of theories) that says particles, which are divided into two classes called bosons and fermions, are related and that every particle has a "partner." This means all the force-carrying particles (bosons) have a fermion partner, and all the fermions have boson partners. The gluino, for example, is the supersymmetric partner of the gluon. Gluons carry the strong nuclear force that holds protons and neutrons together, so they are bosons. Gluinos would therefore be fermions.
Large Hadron Collider Makes History
However, supersymmetric partners have not been detected yet. This is an issue because some of the theoretical calculations show that at least a few should have appeared by now. That said, as the LHC runs its second set of experiments, physicists hope that they will see these supersymmetric partners, which would help narrow down which version of supersymmetry theory is correct, if any.
2. More than one Higgs?
The Higgs boson solved a major problem for the Standard Model, but it raised some important questions as well. Theories say there might be more than one kind, and the LHC's second run might help to answer how many Higgs bosons there are, and why the Higgs has the mass that it does. [Beyond Higgs: 5 Elusive Particles That May Lurk in the Universe]
3. Dark matter
Dark matter is the mysterious stuff that makes up some 25 percent of the mass and energy of the universe. Astronomers say there's about five times as much of it as normal matter, but dark matter only interacts with things via gravity. As such, a blob of dark matter in a box would be invisible. This makes it hard to figure out what it is.
The LHC, though, may generate enough energy to pop out a dark-matter particle from one of the collisions. Dark matter would have to be electrically neutral (no positive or negative charges) and not decay in a few seconds. "If we find something that looks like it could be dark matter at the LHC, we would try to measure as much as we can about it ... and hopefully get hints of how to detect it directly in other experiments," said Jay Hauser, a physicist at the University of California, Los Angeles.
4. Solving some problems of the Big Bang
Using heavier proton beams, such as gold or lead, the LHC will allow physicists to see what conditions were like just a few billionths of a billionth of a billionth of a second after the birth of the universe. Exploring how matter behaves under these conditions can offer insights into how the universe evolved to appear as it does -- why the first matter was mostly hydrogen and helium, and why it has the proportion of matter and antimatter that it does.
CBS Minnesota/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
When the crash happened, police couldn't work out why.
A car driven by 34-year-old Kari Jo Milberg from Centuria, Wisc., allegedly plowed into a truck heading in the opposite direction. Them 11-year-old daughter and two 5-year-old nieces, who were in the car with her, were killed.
Milberg was seriously injured but survived, as did their 3-year-old son. Milberg said they couldn't remember what had happened.
The accident happened in December 2013. However, as CBS Minnesota reports, police went back to the crash scene in April last year. By then, the snow had melted. They found a phone, which turned out to be Milberg's.
What they discovered, they say, is that Milberg was sending Facebook chat messages to a man a mere two minutes before the crash was reported.
This has led the local district attorney to issue three charges of homicide against Milberg. They face a maximum of 10 years in jail and a $25,000 fine for each homicide.
The crash investigators' report specifically cited the Facebook chat messages and the subsequent alleged driver inattention as the causes of the accident. The report did add that they had a therapeutic amount of Oxycodone and Midazolam (a sedative) in their system and that their car's tires had poor tread levels.
The Duluth News Tribune reports that Milberg had allegedly also been texting near the time of the crash.
This isn't the first time a driver has been accused of being on Facebook before a deadly crash. Last year, a 20-year-old from North Dakota was allegedly driving at 84 to 86 miles per hour down a highway while checking pictures on Facebook. Them SUV allegedly went into the back of another SUV. A passenger in the SUV hit, 89-year-old Phyllis Gordon, died from their injuries.
Whether it happens to be Facebook, texting or any other mobile use, many states have now outlawed using a cell phone while driving. There seems little evidence that this has curbed people's obsessions with their devices, even when it's patently dangerous.
If the police's allegations are true, what must a mother feel if they have caused the death of their own daughter and two other children because they were chatting on Facebook?
The Duluth News Tribune says that the police report offered this opinion: "Milberg should have been aware that their operation of a vehicle while texting/chatting on Facebook Messenger created the unreasonable and substantial risk of death or great bodily harm by texting/chatting while driving."
Now playing: Watch this: Ford virtually demonstrates the dangers of driving impaired
Editor's Note: The Escapist is working with Stardock to bring fans this walkthrough and developer diaries for Ashes of the Singularity, its upcoming strategy title that is currently in Early Access on Steam.
Introduction
Ashes of the Singularity is a real-time strategy game that pits humanity in the 22nd century against a seemingly all-powerful race of machine AI across many different worlds.
Players find themselves on a particular world with a home base, called a Nexus, and a single Engineer and must acquire the necessary resources to annihilate all enemy presence from that world.
The game is won either when a player eradicated the enemy's Nexus or if they control special victory points called Turnium Generators long enough to put the planet into a chain reaction that gives you full control of it.
Hardware Requirements
Because the game simulates a war across an entire planet involving potentially tens of thousands of individual units the hardware requirements for this game are important:
64-bit Windows 7, 8.x or 10
At least 6 GB of total system memory
A dedicated graphics adapter with at least 2GB if GDDR 5 memory
At least 4 CPU cores
Minimum screen resolution of 1680x1050
Make sure your video drivers are November 2015 or later. Otherwise you will run into problems. This game makes full use of your hardware.
DirectX 12 vs. DirectX 11
If you have Windows 10, we recommend you use DirectX 12 if you can. DirectX 12 allows all of your CPU cores to connect to your GPU simultaneously. In DirectX 11, only 1 CPU core at a time could do this. This allows, generally, for significantly better performance depending on the quality of the video driver.
First thing to do: Run the benchmark
When you first run the game, please make sure you run the benchmark to ensure you are satisfied with the performance. Your average framerate should be over 30fps at the end of the benchmark. If not, please go to the options and decrease the video card settings. Because Ashes is being designed for both today's and tomorrow's video cards, don't worry if your video card doesn't perform well on the highest settings. Our medium settings are roughly equivalent to a normal game's highest settings.
Learning the Game
We recommend you start with a single-player game. The Tutorial is not yet available in the Beta (sorry!).
We also recommend playing a beginner AI for your first game until you are more experience.
Your First Moves
When you begin the game, you have only your Nexus and your engineer. This guide will give you suggestions on what to do next.
For your first move, we recommend building a factory:
Once the factory is built, build a few scouts.
Left-drag select your scouts:
Instruct your scouts to go capture a power generator. Over time, power generators attract "Splinters", neutral mindless constructs that live mindlessly off the power generators.
Once the enemy units are destroyed you can being capturing the generator.
Building Armies
In Ashes of the Singularity, you are fighting a war, not a battle. This means that you shouldn't think too much about individual "units". Instead, think of each unit as part of a larger machine. Each unit, therefore, is really just a particular type of gun or a special ability you need. These "units" are merely pieces of a bigger unit which we call an Army (actually we think of it as a Meta unit but marketing didn't like that term..).
Once you have built a mix of units you like, form it into an army and it'll act as a single bigger unit. Then send them off to capture more regions.
While your army is engaged in battle consider building a Quantum Relay:
Capturing Turinium Generators
One of the ways to win the game is to generate a critical mass of Turinium which allows you to instantly take over the world.
Asylum seekers threaten suicide
Updated
Some of the 78 Sri Lankan asylum seekers onboard Australian Customs ship the Oceanic Viking have threatened to kill themselves rather than go to Indonesia.
Speaking to the ABC from a phone hidden from customs officers, the asylum seekers pleaded with Australia to give them a new home.
They say conditions onboard the ship are tough, especially for a nine-month-old baby who is not getting enough milk.
The asylum seekers confirmed that they had already been living in Indonesia for years, and that they would rather end their lives in the ocean than go back there.
One asylum seeker said over the phone that if they cannot go to Australia: "We'd like to go to another resettlement country, otherwise we can't live in the world".
The asylum seekers have been on the Oceanic Viking now for more than two weeks, but say they have been in limbo for years, waiting in Indonesia to be resettled by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
The men say it is that frustration which pushed them to take a boat to Australia.
They paid a people smuggler more than $US5,000 to make the journey but are now stuck onboard the Customs ship with no sign Australia is willing to take them.
They claim it is like being in detention and accuse customs officers on board of mistreating them.
"He pushed me to go back. They said always like this and also using bad words like 'f**k'," said one asylum seeker.
But Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor says the asylum seekers are being treated well.
Mr O'Connor says he's aware of the swearing claims but says they are being looked after.
"I've heard media reports and claims but can I say that the advice I've received is that the well-being of the passengers is the priority of the personnel on board and indeed the monitoring by the doctor," they said.
"Other personnel have ensured that the passengers are being treated well."
The men who spoke to the ABC would not give their names because they feared they would get in trouble from Australian authorities.
Asked why they left Sri Lanka they said they had been fleeing the turmoil there.
"We are not Tamil Tigers. I suppose we are Tamil people but we are not Tamil Tigers," said one person.
A 29-year-old man who has a wife and daughter in Sri Lanka said the group is united in refusing to go to Indonesia.
They said conditions on the Oceanic Viking are tough, especially for the five women and five children.
A nine-month-old baby on board is apparently crying constantly because of a shortage of milk.
The man says they cannot understand why Australia will not accept them as refugees.
The country's peak union body has weighed into the debate, saying the 78 asylum seekers should be brought to Australia.
The ACTU has bought a half page advertisement in a national newspaper, saying it is time to show humanity and allow the asylum seekers into Australian territory.
Let them in
ACTU president Sharan Burrow says Indonesia should have taken them but if they refuse, Australia should demonstrate its humanity.
"Clearly those people are worried about going to Indonesia when Indonesia has been very reluctant about actually accepting them and supporting them in regards to providing a safe home for genuine refugees," they said.
"We can do that job here. We can process those people. This is just one piece of the puzzle.
In regard to the issue more broadly, first and foremost, 1700-odd people this year compared to those who arrived by plane but more importantly compared to those who other nations are dealing with both, have a look at Greece and Morocco and Spain and more recently Algeria and Tunisia.
"People are flooding into those countries through Europe because they are desperate to find better lives."
Topics: immigration, refugees, government-and-politics, federal-government, foreign-affairs, indonesia, australia, sri-lanka
First posted
Earlier this week, a Steam logo found on Square Enix's Final Fantasy XIII Trilogy page prompted theories of an impending PC release. Those theories have proven corrent, as Square Enix has today confirmed that the entire trilogy will be released on PC by Spring, 2015. The first game, Final Fantasy XIII, will launch on 9 October for £11/$16.
If you're wondering how a game called Final Fantasy XIII can have a trilogy, try not to think about it. In addition to FFXIII, Square Enix made the sequels Final Fantasy XIII-2 and Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII.
At this point, some will no doubt be asking why, of all Final Fantasies, they decided to pick XIII. My counter-argument is that Final Fantasy XIII is good, and that much of its derision is undeserved. Yes, it's not much like other Final Fantasies, but it has a really clever battle system—one that offers a macro-perspective on a JRPG battle, and positions you as the orchestrator of largely autonomous fights.
And with Final Fantasy IV's muted appearance on Steam yesterday, I have renewed hope of other games in the series eventually arriving on the platform. FFX? FFX-2?* We can only hope.
For now, here's an old Final Fantasy XIII trailer, to catch you up on what it's about.
*I am joking when I say FFX-2 is the best Final Fantasy. But I'm not joking as much as people think I am.
It is only two days into the 2017 Sundance Film Festival but Ingrid Goes West is already my favorite of the seven films I've screened thus far. A hilarious dark comedy version of Single White Female, it stars Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen and is set in the age of social media idolatry.
Aubrey Plaza plays a mentally disturbed woman named Ingrid who becomes obsessed with an Instagram celebrity named Taylor Sloane (played by the wonderful Elizabeth Olsen) who appears to have the perfect life. Ingrid decides to use their inheritance to pack up and move to Los Angeles with plans to befriend Taylor in real life. The result is more dark comedy than psychological thriller, providing a ton of laughs in otherwise horrifying circumstances.
Ingrid Goes West is not just your average comedy film, but a smart commentary on our social media obsessed world. How many people do you follow-on Instagram or Twitter that you feel like you know personally even though you don't? We follow so many people from afar through their update streams and develop a connection that doesn't really exist. Also, we fill our streams with a polished fantasy version of the life we want to have, and not the imperfect reality that we live day to day.
It's not simple or cut and dry. Ingrid Goes West explores our fascination with social media from a number of angles, including a terrific performance from Wyatt Russell (previously of the “Playtest” episode of Black Mirror and 22 Jump Street). Olsen is great, but what else is new. Aubrey Plaza shows more range than she's shown previously and will impress you quite a bit. I should mention that I screened this film at its premiere at the Library in Park City, almost eight years exactly after screening Plaza's debut in the same theater. In my review of Mystery Team, I noted that “we're going to be seeing a whole lot more of her.” And we have, but I don't think we've seen the complete extent of their talents quite yet. They produce this film, and I would love to see them direct someday.
The surprise breakout performance of the film comes from O'Shea Jackson Jr., the rapper son of Ice Cube, who portrayed their father in Straight Outta Compton. I imagine that Jackson will be included on casting wish-lists for years to come. Their character, who plays a neighbor to Ingrid, is an aspiring screenwriter obsessed with Batman — which leads to some incredible laugh out loud moments and (maybe a slight spoiler, you've been warned) possibly the best sex scene of the year.
The film is directed by first time feature director Matt Spicer and written by Spicer and David Branson Smith. Spicer wrote an episode of the David Wain TV series Wainy Days, has directed a couple short films, and is the writer on Disney's upcoming Magic Camp and The Rocketeers.
If I have only one complaint about Ingrid Goes West it is that the story sticks to a formula that we've seen a hundred times before. Just as this adventure picks up you already have a good idea how this relationship will crash and burn. But even then, you won't expect where it takes Ingrid. Unlike other films playing at this year's fest (like I Don't Feel At Home In This World Anymore), Ingrid is able to balance the tonal shifts between black comedy and thriller.
/Film Rating: 8 out of 10
? Nearly every nerd has their or their primary field of expertise/obsession. Of all the numerous nerdified interests and fandoms one may be involved in, most of us can name one subject, genre, or property that we claim as particularly dear. For the past 26 years, mine has been Frank Herbert's magnificent Dune books. But as dearly as I adore these novels, it was David Lynch's somewhat… less than magnificent film adaptation that first introduced me to this phenomenon. Sure, at 8 years old I understood the film even less than the critics that it utterly perplexed, but it struck a chord with me. Eventually, I sought out the books — and even learning how vastly inferior the movie was by comparison never totally soured me on it. Still, Lynch overstuffed it with completely superfluous additions that range from the oddball, to the confusing, to the downright sacrilegious. I'm perfectly aware that a director will inevitably want to put their or their mark on a project, even one based on pre-existing material — but there's a fine line between expression and desecration: Here are 10 examples that ride a sandworm right over it.
10) Mentat Eyebrows
?
Why? (You'll be hearing that question a lot.) Mentats already have an in-canon distinctive feature: The red stains on their lips that make them look like they were putting on lipstick while driving over gravel. This comes from drinking Sapho, a mental stimulant drink (think Red Bull, only less vile). Oh, what's a Mentat? A Human Computer: An individual trained from childhood for amazing feats of logic and computation. Mentats are employed by most of the Great Houses and other powerful groups to replace traditional computers, which are now illegal. This is a good first example of a pointless addition that does nothing save for contributing to Lynch's bizarre aesthetic.
9) Weirding Modules
?
I agonized over including these because, quite frankly, in an era when various things that go ZAP! permeated sci-fi cinema, these are definitely a cut above the rest: Weapons that amplify the human voice into destructive energy are a nifty idea. Problem is, not only do they exist only in Lynch's mind and have no analogy in Herbert's novel, but half the damn movie is based around them: These things conquered a multi-galactic empire for fuck's sake! Gone was all of Herbert's wonderful exposition of the Fremen as fierce, implacable warriors — you could have given these things to your average kindergarten class and achieved the same result! One of the novel's most interesting features was an idea of a futuristic military culture where hand-to-hand combat was the principle means of battle. But post-Star Wars audiences wanted their damn ray-guns (or so Lynch seemed to believe), and ray-guns they got… clever take on them, but in the end — just ray-guns.
8) Bald Bene Gesserits
?
Once again: Why? I'll admit the robes were spot on, a credit to costume designer Bob Ringwood (who would later design the Batsuit in the '89 Batman), but making them bald was not only pointless, but actually in conflict with the novels. Despite the way they're portrayed by Lynch, Bene Gesserit are not creepy bald nuns from the future (and they DON'T have telepathy–I don't know where they got that idea). They are highly trained women who have achieved a level of control over mind and body that gives them physical and mental capabilities beyond average humans. And one ability that nearly all of them possess is that of seduction. Granted, they don't get into much detail about that in the first novel, but it's certainly implied. And unless men with a bald fetish are the only partners you wish to entice, wouldn't the Yul Brynner look be… I dunno, counterproductive for a seductress? Just sayin'.
7) The Third-Stage Guild Navigator
?
This entry is interesting: Yes, it is something Lynch added, but it's NOT something they created. The Navigator depicted here is almost certainly inspired by Edric, the Guildsman who appears in the second book, Dune Messiah. If this is true, then it's nice to see a nod to another book in the series, and they did a good job of capturing Edric… It's just too bad they have absolutely no business in this movie! There was no reason whatsoever to bring a third-stage Navigator into this film save to provide a little exposition (which could have been handled a dozen other ways), and to show off the creature creation skills of Carlo “E.T.” Rambaldi. Bottom line: Just as post-SW audiences demanded futuristic weapons, they also demanded weird-looking aliens. Dune doesn't have these — humans are the only intelligent life in this universe. So they go to the next best thing to get their scary special-effects monsters… just too bad they had to go to another book to get it.
6) The Sardaukar Uniforms
?
If you're unfamiliar with the Dune universe, the Sardaukar are the dread legions of House Corrino and the Padishah Emperor. They are the most feared and skillful warriors in the known universe, and it is the military might of these terrifying soldier-fanatics that kept House Corrino on the Imperial Throne for thousands of years… then Lynch got a hold of them, and I guess they still fight okay — but rather than the elite soldiers of the most formidable army in human history, they look like radioactive garbagemen. I don't see the universe's mightiest soldiers when I look at these costumes, I see the guys Mad Max calls when they have a roach problem. Once again, I believe the blame can be traced to Star Wars fallout: Specifically, the “Stormtrooper Principle” — the unspoken rule that says the villains' armies must have their faces covered, and be as dehumanized and undifferentiated as possible. This makes it ethically okay for the heroes to massacre them. This also explains why the Fremen's faces were uncovered, even though in the book, a Fremen stillsuit has a mask and hood that covers all but the eyes: We need to see the heroes so we can care when they die, and vice versa for the Sardaukar.
—-
5) That Weird Cat Thing
?
Sweet Zombie Jesus lookit this thing! It'd be bad enough if this were simply nothing more than some perverse figment of Lynch's unfathomable imagination, but no, it's their inexplicably bizarre take on a canon scene: The Harkonnens do indeed capture Atreides Mentat Thufir Hawat (above) and press them into their service. And they do poison them with a toxin that will kill them if they do not take the antidote daily… BUT! They don't freaking tell them about it! They just put the antidote in their daily food and drink. It's intended as an insurance policy: This way, if they ever decides to escape, he'll be dead in a day or so. And they certainly didn't make them milk a goddamn shaved cat to get their antidote! I mean come on! Who comes up with shit like this? And why? WHY GOD, WHY?!!!
4) The Baron's Doctor
?
We've all seen film adaptations that add characters that were not present in the source material. This phenomenon is usually relatively benign, or at least easily overlooked… then there are folks like The Baron's Doctor (that's how he's billed — at least Lynch had the sense not to name him). They spend their one speaking scene with their two eyeless and earless assistants (I know if I were a Doctor I'd want assistants that can't hear or see!) either injecting things into, or extracting things from various growths and carbuncles on the Baron's face (it's not entirely clear which he's doing, and frankly, I'm a happier person not knowing). Basically, Lynch wanted a role for Leonardo Cimino, one of their stock players and best known to Nerd-dom as Monster Squad‘s “Scary German Guy” and the old holocaust survivor from the original V miniseries. Cimino is too good for a pointless, throwaway role: If Lynch had to have him, they would have been a pretty decent Count Fenring, a canon character that didn't make it into the film.
3) Heart Plugs
?These things aren't revisions of Herbert's ideas, or slightly wacky add-ons… they're just… well, they're just fucking stupid. I mean, I get being so evil you want a way to kill your underlings easily, brutally, and painfully. But it shouldn't make it easier for your enemies to kill you! How ridiculous is that? Put 'em on a couple disposable slaves if you get your jollies watching folks bleed out — but don't put them on important servants and for the love of crap: DON'T PUT THEM ON YOURSELF. I mean… just… I… I'm done, I'm getting dumber every second I spend thinking about this.
2) Inner Monologues
One thing most directors understand is that exposition is handled differently in film than it is in literature. While books can tell you exactly what a character is thinking, movies are supposed to SHOW you what's on a character's mind: Through actions, reactions, body language, facial expressions — along with, naturally, dialogue. These things should serve perfectly well to inform the audience of the character's mental state. Granted, there is a great deal of transcribed thoughts in Herbert's book. Lynch may possibly have believed they were being true to the spirit of the novel by letting the audience hear practically EVERY thought the film's characters had, but movies are supposed to do things differently. I don't want to be told what a character on the screen is thinking — that completely defeats the purpose of a skillful and nuanced performance. Something that their marvelous cast was certainly more than capable of, had they given them the chance.
Christmas is about a month away and everyone is busy shopping and going to parties. I always hear people complaining about gaining weight over the holidays. It's natural to gain weight over the holidays and the key thing to remember is, not stress over it. You have to come to terms with it and enjoy the food with family and friends. My advice is to leave damage control till after the holidays
I wanted to share a recipe that is very healthy and perfect for the holidays. As many might have noticed I love spicy food, so many of my recipes are Indian and Latin inspired. The following is a recipe for salmon that enhances the flavor of the fish and still keeps it very succulent and enjoyable. The dish is extremely easy to make and can be done for lunch, dinner or any holiday party.
The recipe requires only a few ingredients. I use organic fresh salmon which I purchase from my local fish store. The other things you would need is some jalapenos, garlic, light soy sauce and some chives. Yep that's all you need. Keeping it simple and easy while making the salmon taste amazing!
Personally I am not a big fan of salmon skin so I cut the skin out from the salmon steak. I also de-bone the salmon cause it makes eating more enjoyable in the end. Once the salmon is all cleaned and cut, its time to prepare the seasoning. I finely dice the chives, garlic and jalapeno. Then mix it all in with some light soy sauce and let it sit there for about 5 minutes. This is the perfect time to pre-heat the oven at 350 degrees and prepare the pan or skillet for the fish.
Marinate the salmon in the seasoning using a spoon. Careful not to use your hands to much as it will get spicy. Trust me, I learnt this the hard way in the past. I had my hands feeling like they were on fire for an hour or more. Not fun at all . Once nicely marinated and covered in the seasoning put the salmon on a skillet and bake in the oven for 20 to 30 minutes depending on the thickness of the salmon.
Once the salmon is baked take it out of the oven and serve alone or with anything else you like. I usually have it alone with some pesto and olive oil or with some fresh spring salad. Enjoy the salmon and let me know how you liked the dish.
5.0 from 1 reviews JALAPENO GARLIC SALMON Save Print Prep time 10 mins Cook time 25 mins Total time 35 mins A healthy recipe for salmon made with jalapeno, garlic and then baked to perfection. Plate of Yum Author: Recipe type: Entree Serves: 2 Ingredients 2 Salmon Steaks
2 Jalapenos
8 Garlic Cloves
3 Tablespoon Light Soy Sauce
15 Chive Strands Instructions Clean and prepare the salmon steaks Finley dice the jalapenos, garlic and chives. Mix the diced jalapenos, garlic and chives into the light soy sauce and let it sit for about 5 minutes. Marinate the Salmon in the mixture using a spoon. Once the salmon is nicely covered, set it on a skillet. Bake the salmon in a pre-heated 350-degree ovens for 20 to 30 minutes depending on the salmon thickness. Pull out of the oven and serve salmon by itself or paired with anything to your liking. Notes When mixing the salmon with to marinate please use a spoon and avoid using your hands due to the heat from the jalapenos. 3.5.3208
Belgian rider Gert Dockx has confirmed that they will retire from professional racing at the age of 28. Dockx, who raced with Lotto-Soudal this season, made the announcement in a post on their personal website. Related Articles The Cyclingnews guide to 2016-2017 rider transfers
Dockx out for six weeks with fractured elbow and collarbone
De Gendt and Dockx injured after being hit by car while training
Dockx turned professional with Columbia-High Road in 2009, after a spell as a stagiaire, and spent two seasons with the squad. They joined Omega Pharma-Lotto in 2011.
Their first and only professional victories came in 2013 when they claimed two stages of the Tropicale Amissa Bongo. After starting their season at the Tour Down Under, their season was almost derailed following a collision with a car while training with teammate Thomas De Gendt. Fortunately, they escaped with some bruising to their leg and missed just one race Omloop Het Nieuwsblad.
In the post on their website, Dockx didn't go into the exact reasons for their retirement but thanked everybody involved in their career and said that they are still deciding on their next step.
"After eight years at the professional level, the end has now come. Eight years that I cherish and despite some setbacks, some beautiful memories prevail," they wrote.
"I would like to give a word of thanks to the teams for which I rode, with Team Columbia - HTC, Team HTC - Columbia, Omega Pharma Lotto, Lotto-Belisol Team and Lotto-Soudal. I owe them after all, and I am very grateful for the opportunities I have been given.
"Cycling is not only about the teams, but, especially, the people who day in and day out make sure things are ready for you; team leaders, caretakers, mechanics, medical staff, and so on. I would also like to emphasize here that I have always had a lot of respect for the people in the youth categories who have sacrificed so much of their free time. Without them, the youth could not grow up to a professional level.
"About my future, I can still say that nothing is concrete. I'm still working on what path I want to go take. My final thanks go to my fans, supporters clubs, family and my girlfriend. It is a nice feeling when you know that there are people behind you. A big thank you."
Coordinates:
Pavlovsk Experimental Station (Russian: Павловская опытная станция) is an agricultural experiment station and gene bank that is part of the Institute of Plant Industry and situated in Pavlovsk near St. Petersburg, Russia.
One of the Pavlovsk Station buildings. It should be noted that many of the varieties at Pavlovsk are stored not as seeds in a vault but as plants in a field.
History [ edit ]
It was started in 1926 by agricultural scientist Nikolai Vavilov and contains an extensive collection of more than 5,000 varieties of fruits and berries.[1]
The Pavlovsk station's collection contains more than 100 varieties each of gooseberries, raspberries, and cherries. It also contains more than 1,000 varieties of strawberries. More than 90% of the collection is found in no other research collection or genebank.[2]
The collection is a field genebank, meaning that the varieties are stored as plants in the ground. Most of the species concerned do not breed true from seeds, and so the varieties cannot be stored as seeds.
The Pavlovsk station itself fell into German hands during the Siege of Leningrad in 1941–1944, but prior to the arrival of German troops, scientists from the Institute of Plant Industry were able to move much of the station's tuber collection to a location within the city. Twelve of these scientists died of starvation while protecting the Institute's edible collection of tubers and seeds.[3][4]
In 2010 the experimental station faced an uncertain future, because the land it sits on is being sold to a developer who plans to build private homes on the site.[5][6] If this planned development had gone forward, much of the collection would have been lost. Due to technical issues and quarantine regulations, it would not have been feasible to move the collection before demolition of the station was slated to have begun.[1] Russian President Dmitry Medvedev recently announced via Twitter that the issue will be "scrutinised".[7] Prime Minister Vladimir Putin had not yet responded to public calls to save the experimental station and its collection as of the end of 2010.[8] However, in April 2012 the Russian government took formal action to preserve this important genetic repository and stop the land from being conveyed to private interests for development. http://www.vir.nw.ru/news/14.05.2012_en.html
In popular culture [ edit ]
The novel Hunger,[9] by American writer Elise Blackwell, is a fictionalized retelling of the plight of the scientists who starved to death while protecting the gene bank's edible seed and tuber collection during the Siege of Leningrad. The song "When the War Came," by the band The Decemberists, also tells the story of these scientists, with one verse saying "We made our oath to Vavilov / We'd not betray the Solanum / The acres of asteraceae / To our own pangs of starvation."
We don't want to worry you but there are two of them (Picture: Caters)
They ain't heavy, he's actually their son – Jeff.
Darius, officially the world's biggest bunny, is over four feet long and weighs three and a half stone. But they have a heavyweight rival this Easter in their son Jeff.
Jeff already measures 3ft 8in and has another six months of growing to do.
The two Continental Giant rabbits live with Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. Annette has a child gate on the stairs to stop the bunnies running riot and spends £5,000 a year feeding them.
Each year, Darius and Jeff munch their way through 2,000 carrots (obvs), and 700 apples. They also put away a dog bowl full of specialist rabbit food every day, and a bale of hay a week.
Annette poses with Jeff the rabbit, who's now just under 4 feet long (Picture: Caters)
Jeff was born to Darius and mum Sally – another of Annette's Continental Giants who measures 3ft 5in.
Advertisement
Advertisement
While some people might be a bit wary of the giant bunnies, who all sleep in Annette's back garden in crates which normally house large dogs – they say they're totally chill.
‘They are both very laid back – Jeff really takes after their dad. Most rabbits like lots of attention and get on well with children and these two are no exception,' they say, adding: ‘They're even friendly to other animals. Jeff's best friend is my other pet, a boxer dog called Kay.'
Jeff (left) is challenging dad Darius' heavyweight crown (Picture: Caters)
Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and can grow up to 4ft as adults, but Darius, at 4ft 4in and Jeff, at just under 4ft, are clearly from strong stock.
Annette expects Jeff to eventually put Darius in the shade, saying: ‘Darius was always big but Jeff is huge considering he's still a baby. I'm expecting them to grow much bigger than their dad.'
They explain: ‘As soon as I think he's made it, he'll be measured by their vet and then Guinness will certify that they are the biggest rabbit in the world.'
Jeff is almost as big as seven-year-old Ava Johnson (Picture: Caters)
Watch your back dad.
MORE: The world's biggest bunny is unveiled (and they get through 4,000 carrots a year)
Advertisement Advertisement
A popular Malaysian cartoonist has once again been arrested for sedition, prompted by their political drawings that satirise prime minister Najib Razak.
Cartoonist Zulkifli Anwar Ulhaque, better known as "Zunar", was arrested on Saturday in Penang, where they were speaking at the George Town Literary Festival.
Event organisers and human rights groups have condemned the arrest.
SEE ALSO: Someone brought a really polite sign to a protest
Police said they will be investigated under the country's Sedition Act, and also under a law that prohibits humiliating a person with intention, local papers reported.
Zunar, the day of the recent Bersih 5.0 rally. Image: Zunar's official twitter
Zunar has been an outspoken critic of the government, and has focused their energies on the ongoing corruption scandal surrounding Najib. A paper trail has allegedly linked the prime minister's personal accounts with billions in donations.
REPUBLISH
I did this predictive cartoon on Trump & Najib early this year on MAC 2016 pic.twitter.com/1xhS5ur9W9 — Zunar Cartoonist (@zunarkartunis) November 10, 2016
Cartoon Zunar: Money I take, debt you pay pic.twitter.com/QD2LvnTbjV — Zunar Cartoonist (@zunarkartunis) November 7, 2016
BREAKING NEWS CARTOON: M'sia turned down Swiss' request to get information on #IMDB pic.twitter.com/X1MiQi6mFn — Zunar Cartoonist (@zunarkartunis) November 11, 2016
This is hardly Zunar's first brush with the law.
The artist has been arrested on multiple occasions in the past, and police last year raided their office and confiscated copies of their book, which contain more of their satirical drawings.
Naturally, Zunar had a cartoon for their travel ban in October:
The story of cartoonist Zunar
Travel ban,book ban,detention,charged,office raided,printer raided,webmaster arrested https://t.co/RC1x0oMIIk pic.twitter.com/E8YJ6me5sE — Zunar Cartoonist (@zunarkartunis) October 24, 2016
One of many critics arrested
Zunar is one of dozens of government critics and activists that have been arrested in recent years in Malaysia.
The day before a huge political rally, Bersih 5.0, its key organiser Maria Chin Abdullah was placed in detention — a move that supporters say was aimed at obstructing the protest.
They remain in solitary confinement.
Here's what Zunar tweeted after Chin Abdullah's arrest:
Reacting to Zunar's arrest, the literary festival organisers posted a note condemning the "act of repression which is contrary to the spirit of free speech and expression."
Amnesty International posted a statement characterising the arrest as an "outrage."
"What we are seeing is the choking of dissent in Malaysia, where repressive laws are being used to silence and punish peaceful voices under the guise of national security," said Josef Benedict, Amnesty International's Deputy Director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific.
China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) has held “live-fire drills” in Tibet, close to the India's border in Arunachal, to practice quick movement of troops and destroy enemy aircraft, the state media has said.
The reports didn't say when and why the 11-hour military exercise was held, the latest in a series of the war games the Chinese have talked about following the month-old standoff between the two countries in Doklam region that borders India's northeast frontier in Sikkim.
“The brigade that conducted the (latest) drills was from the PLA's Tibet military command and is one of China's two plateau mountain brigades,” China Central Television (CCTV), the national broadcaster, said.
The report is being seen as a message to the Indian government and military, as China claims large parts of Arunachal, India's easternmost state, as southern Tibet.
The drill was held in the Tibet Autonomous Region in the middle and lower reaches of Yarlung Zangbo river, which “is located in the upper stream of the Brahmaputra river which flows through China, India and Bangladesh”.
The Yarlung Zangbo enters India through Arunachal where it is called Siang before it becomes the Brahmaputra in Assam. China has been building dams over it, causing concern in India that it could affect the flow of the Brahmaputra.
The mountain brigade had long been stationed around the middle and lower reaches of the Yarlung Zangbo and was responsible for frontline combat, the nationalistic Global Times quoted the CCTV report as saying.
It said quick delivery of troops and different military units coming together for joint attacks was practised, which also involved use of anti-tank grenades and missiles.
“The video also shows radar units identifying enemy aircraft and soldiers using anti-aircraft artillery to annihilate targets,” the English language tabloid said.
It wasn't clear if the drill was part of a military exercise carried out earlier this month at 15,000 feet in the Tibet plateau, the first time the PLA had gone so high.
state media video show heavy artillery guns in use in military exercise in Tibet @htTweets pic.twitter.com/B0YPLE5Bbr — sutirtho patranobis (@spatranobis) July 17, 2017
During the exercise, the Chinese soldiers tested new equipment including tanks, the official Xinhua news agency had said.
Earlier, the Chinese military had announced it tested a light-weight battle tank in Tibet near the Indian border.
“The 35-tonne tank has carried out trials in the plains of Tibet,” PLA spokesperson Col Wu Qian had said in a media briefing.
“The purpose is to test the parameters of the equipment and is not targeted against any country,” the PLA spokesperson had said to a query if the tank was targeted at India.
In the last few days, China has rebuffed India's conciliatory tone on resolving the impasse in Doklam, which is located at the narrow but strategically important tri-junction of India, China and Bhutan.
China has accused Indian soldiers of trespass and preventing it from building a road in the region, which is claimed by Bhutan.
Beijing wants India to withdraw its troops from Doklam before the two sides can open talks. New Delhi says the road, if built, will have serious security implications for India.
First Published: Jul 17, 2017 10:17 IST
When Instagram's Hyperlapse app was released last year, people rushed to try its cool time-lapse effects. Well, Microsoft was working on its own technology, and it's now available for Windows phones and Android.
Officially, Microsoft Hyperlapse is a beta for Android and a preview for Windows desktop machines; it's a full-fledged app for Windows phones. On the Windows and Android mobile platforms, the app allows you to capture and lapse video captured with the smartphone's camera, while on Windows PCs, the app serves as a time-lapse editor for video captured on GoPro cameras and other devices. Essentially, the Windows app is the hyperlapse editor that Microsoft disclosed last year.
A hyperlapse takes video shot over a period of say, fifteen minutes, and compresses it down to just a minute or so. The result, of course, is that the video accelerates through what would normally be a lengthy movie at a speedy clip. You've probably seen the technique used when cameramen record video of the stars slowly moving overhead at night, ships moving through a harbor, or a building being built. Microsoft's app allows you to record at different speeds, however, so you can vary the effects.
Here's a hyperlapse video shot with the new app:
But there's another aspect to the Hyperlapse app technology: stability. The app actively smooths the video as it's compressed, so that a job through the park or a skateboard ride down a hill doesn't produce a video that bounces all over the place.
For Windows, you'll need Windows Phone 8.0 and one of the following devices: the Lumia 435, 530, 532, 535, 630, 635, 636, 638, 640, 640 XL, 730, 735, 830, 930, 152, or the HTC One M8.
Android users will need to use supported phones running at least Android 4.4. Microsoft says that the apps are being released without official support, if that makes a difference to you.
Why this matters: Microsoft Lumia owners have always taken pride in owning one of the best cameraphones on the market, but they're also aware that Windows app support is typically lacking. With the new Hyperlapse app, Microsoft Lumia owners can add to their stable of camera apps (and there are quite a few already!) with the neat—if somewhat gimmicky—hyperlapse technology.
ANNAPOLIS – Democratic office-holders in Maryland continued to push the Republican gubernatorial candidate on education, with House Speaker Michael E. Busch holding a press conference Thursday, accusing Larry Hogan of planning to cut $450 million in state funding for school construction.
Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown made this assertion during Tuesday's debate. It's a claim that the Hogan camp has since said is the “tallest tale yet.”
In a written statement issued after the press conference, House Minority Leader Nicholaus Kipke characterized Busch's comments as “outrageous lies.”
“It is incredibly disappointing that Speaker Mike Busch and Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown are exploiting our school children to score political points,” Kipke said.
The figure comes from an April 2013 audit by the state's Board of Public Works. The auditors were unable to identify final funding and completion for 126 school-construction projects, totaling $450 million.
However, the same document shows a response from the Interagency Committee on School Construction stating that the status of the projects had been determined prior to the release of the audit.
The amount was part of a total of $1.7 billion that the Republican's camp identified as fraud, waste and abuse, which they would work to eliminate if elected, Hogan has said.
Prince George's County Executive Rushern Baker III and Maryland State Education Association President Betty Weller, joined Busch in front of West Annapolis Elementary School.
The school's students are at Annapolis Middle School while West Annapolis undergoes renovations.
Busch said that it's these types of projects that would be in danger should Hogan be elected.
“This is the first, I guess sign, that in a Hogan administration that there won't be the amount in school construction money that we need in the state of Maryland,” Busch said.
“For Michael Busch and Anthony Brown to take Hogan's call for reform and to twist it as a call for eliminating all new school construction, is just untrue and they know it,” Kipke said in a written statement.
Citing a $1.7 billion backlog in school construction in Anne Arundel County Busch said that the county was in need of construction funding because no new high school has been built since 1981 and 50 out of 89 elementary schools have portable classrooms.
“I appreciate that Governor Brown [sic] has stepped up to the plate and said that they are going to put more money into school construction than even what we had in the O'Malley administration,” Busch added.
Hogan's spokesperson, Hannah Marr, said that it's not the amount of money that's the problem, but how it is spent.
“The Ehrlich administration doubled education spending and O'Malley added to that and there's still a huge disparity,” Marr said. “All we're saying is that this money needs to be spent more efficiently and that every dollar that's being wasted is a dollar not going to students that need it.”
Baker said that Prince George's County is facing similar problems with the majority of schools being over 50 years old.
Areas inside the Beltway have seen a particular need as a growth in population in Prince George's County has resulted in overcrowding of public schools, Baker said.
“Tonight I'm going to do a town hall meeting at Oxon (Hill) High School, one of the newest high schools in Prince George's County – a jewel,” Baker said. “And residents from around the county are going to come and see that high school and they're going to want that in their neighborhood.”
Baker said that the county asked the state for $50 million to $60 million in construction funding, which the county would match two to one.
Brown is “going to be the education governor, he's going to carry on the policies of the O'Malley-Brown administration that has helped Prince George's County move up in the area,” they said.
If you take even the slightest interest in chemistry news, you'll probably already have heard about the official confirmation of the discovery of four new elements, which even achieved widespread coverage in mainstream news outlets. IUPAC (the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry) sneaked out the news just before New Year's Eve without much prior warning, and without a great deal of fanfare, though some had already predicted that an announcement of the sort was imminent. So what do we actually know about these new elements?
It might make sense to start by discussing how they were created. These are synthetic elements – that is, they do not occur naturally. Nobody's going to go out and stumble across a sample of any of these four ‘out in the wild', because they can only be created in laboratories. When put in simple terms, the process via which this is accomplished sounds rather lacking in finesse: essentially atoms of two different elements are smashed together, in the hope that they'll combine into a single, larger element.
This is exactly how all four of the newly confirmed elements were created, though the specifics of the method make clear how arduous a process this is. It's not quite enough for the atoms to simply bash into each other; they must instead do so at an incredibly high speed. In order to accomplish this, a particle accelerator is used, which accelerates ions to a speed of millions of miles per hour. This beam of ions is then targeted at atoms of the other element which it is hoped they will be combined with.
The issue with the process is that very few impacts actually have the correct speed and orientation to lead to fusion of the two elements and create a new element. In fact, ‘very few' is probably something of an understatement – perhaps only one impact in every few billion actually succeeds in creating the desired new element. Most of the collisions either result in deflection of the two atoms, or the utter annihilation of both of them. Because of this, the experiments through which scientists seek to create and identify these elements often run for months on end.
Even when these superheavy elements are successfully produced, there's another issue: their instability. Some elements that occur naturally are themselves unstable, and undergo radioactive decay to other, smaller element fragments. The superheavy elements take this to a whole new level. They, too, undergo radioactive decay fractions of a second after being produced, and this radioactive decay can be detected. More often than not, the evidence for the creation of a new element is the tell-tale trail of elements it decays into shortly after its creation.
As they only exist for the merest fraction of a second, it's hard to know much about these new elements. We can't even say for certain whether they're solids, liquids, or gases at room temperature, since we can't measure their melting or boiling points during the very short time frame for which they exist. That said, it's a pretty good bet that they're likely to all be solids. We can't infer much about their properties from the groups of the periodic table they're in either. This is because they're so heavy, and their huge mass and large number of electrons can lead to some weird, trend-bucking properties.
Actually, we don't even know their names yet. Ununtrium, ununpentium, ununseptium and ununoctium are merely formulaic latin place-holders, added to the periodic table to stand in until proof of the elements' existence was produced. Now that this proof has been confirmed, the research teams that have been anointed as the official discoverers of the elements will be invited by IUPAC to suggest names and symbols, and we won't have names for these new elements until their suggestions are vetted. We can, however, speculate.
Element naming actually follows a strict set of rules as of 2002, in the wake of squabbles between the USA and Russia over the naming of elements 104-109. Philip Ball elucidates them in a Chemistry World article here, the take-home points of which are that “elements may be named after mythical characters or concepts, minerals, geographical places, element properties… or scientists.” The rules also stipulate that element names should end in ‘-ium', with the exception of groups 17 and 18, which should end in ‘-ine' and ‘-on' respectively to maintain naming consistency down the group. The large number of people currently petitioning for element 118 to be called ‘Lemmium' after the recently deceased Motörhead frontman, Ian ‘Lemmy' Kilmister, might be a tad disappointed to learn that the name ‘Lemmon' would actually be the outcome of their petition being successful.
There's little hint at present as to the names that will be suggested for elements 115, 117, and 118. 113, though, is a little less shrouded in mystery. Being, as it is, the first elemental discovery to be credited to Asia, there's speculation that it could be named after the country the institute that discovered it is based in: Japan. Japanium could be a possibility, and could end decades of frustration for those who can't spell their letter-j-containing names with element symbols. If the country-name route is taken, though, Nihonium, after the Japanese name for Japan, is more likely. Alternatively, it could be named after the RIKEN institute at which it was discovered. Or they could throw everyone a curveball, and name it after something (or someone) else entirely!
The road to naming the elements is likely to be slightly shorter than the time taken to confirm their discovery. Work on discovering element 113 began all the way back in 2002, so it's been a long wait for the scientists involved to see the fruits of their labours. By way of reference, the last two elements to receive permanent names were flerovium (element 114) and livermorium (element 116); these both had their discoveries confirmed in 2011, and their names subsequently confirmed around a year later in 2012. So it seems likely that this time next year, we'll finally be able to induct these four new elements into the periodic table properly, and the seventh row of the periodic table will then be complete.
You might well be left wondering what the motivation is for the scientists who work on discovering these elements. What's the incentive to create elemental entities that exist for milliseconds or less before winking out of existence by transforming into other elements that are already known? Obviously these elements don't have any useful applications, but the scientists running the experiments are holding out hope for the possibility of an ‘island of stability'.
The ‘island of stability' is a theorised group of superheavy elements, beyond those that scientists have managed to synthesise to date. The reason they believe this is actually quite complicated, and has to do with the way in which the protons and neutrons in the nuclei of atoms are arranged. Based on this, they suspect that even heavier elements than those currently known could actually be more stable, and maybe exist for days or even weeks.
Work is still ongoing to reach this island. The periodic table may now appear complete, with the addition of the final four pieces of its seventh row, but now the race is on to produce element 119, and add a new row to the table. At present, the heavier the element, the harder its creation becomes, and several labs have tried to produce element 119 without success. As such, the four elements added to the periodic table this year may be the last added for a number of years.
UPDATE 10/06/2016: The elements now have proposed names! The graphic has been updated to reflect this.
Enjoyed this post & graphic? Consider supporting Compound Interest on Patreon, and get previews of upcoming posts & more!
The graphic in this article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. See the site's content usage guidelines.
References & Further Reading
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Has your house ever been under an ant invasion?
First there was just one, and then a few more showed up. Even if you kill those, it seems more and more ants continued to move into my kitchen.
Cleaning Up
Actually, the ants are out to pick up their dead family members, the very ants you killed.
Ants keep a fairly clean house. They carry their waste matter outside of their nest and dispose of it in a pile called a midden. As well as being a kind of dumpster, the midden also functions as a cemetery. Ants transport their dead there in order to protect themselves and their queen from contamination.
This behavior has to do with the way ants communicate with each other via chemicals. When an ant dies, its body releases a chemical called oleic acid. Oleic acid translates to dumpster material for ants, and the other ants were responding to its call.
Jack: That trailer is stupid-long. And this isn't horror. Seriously, why is that trailer so long? We all know exactly what these movies are.
Jake: Obviously, this one is more horror adjacent than horror itself. We know the drill by now. There are vampires. There are lycans. Also, there are guaranteed to be a non-zero amount of ‘bullet-time' sequences in this movie. That all sound good? It doesn't? Ok then... moving along.
Mark: Let's all stop for a second and reflect on the fact that “blood wars” is by far the stupidest name for a movie that any of us have ever heard. For a long time now this series has been action movies set against a horror backdrop, and not truly a horror franchise. I'm okay with that, but you just have to realize that there's very little horror here.
The other night I was outside smoking a cigarette and I noticed something over by the bedroom window crawling around in and out of things. Well this is Florida so I figured it was just a lizard or frog or whatever. A few days passed by without incident, then I saw it. A fucking rat/mouse whatever, darted out from nowhere. I was filled with disgust. How could this be? My place is clean, the kind of clean that Adderall makes you obsess about. All I knew was this fucker had to die.
I went out and bought mouse traps, feeling completely ashamed, hoping that the cashier would think I was using them for a prank or science project. I put them out but all that would happen was the trap would go off little bastard would run away after eating the peanut butter. This was not acceptable. Those are the same fucking things that caused the plague and I'm sure as hell dying from that. This must be dealt with swiftly and with a fist made of so much iron that all nature would fear me. But what to do? How do you torture a rat or make them die the worst, most painful death possible? Furthermore, can you even send the message of a brutal dictator to a rodent?
The next few days, I tried traps, poison, I even constructed a gas chamber that knocked a cup of bleach into a cup of ammonia and trapped the fucking thing but I got nothing. Then it came to me, “I should ask PETA the most humane way to deal with this.” I emailed them around 5pm and was shocked at the turn around time. I mean like in two minutes they were begging me to use a live trap and set it free in the wild. What came next is exactly what I wanted and why I emailed them in the first place. (I'm shady and amazing at tricking people like that.) “Whatever you do, don't feed them anything that is carbonated!! Rats don't have the ability to burp and their insides will burst” I rushed out immediately and bought Pop-Rocks, Alka-Seltzer and soda candy. That night I mixed all that stuff together with some peanut butter and some tiny pieces of broken glass for good measure. The next morning I found three dead bloody rats and haven't seen another one since.
Thank you PETA!!! I couldn't have killed them without you!!
Advertisements
GARDAI have smashed one of the country's most notorious burglary gangs after arresting five criminals when they committed two burglaries.
The mob, who are part of an larger Traveller gang, have been linked to well over 100 burglaries across the country and have been one of the main targets for Operation Fiacla, the nationwide anti-burglary operation.
Armed officers from the Eastern Regional Support Unit picked up the suspects on the M4 motorway at Johnstown, Co Kildare, after two burglaries in Drumshambo, Co. Leitrim.
The suspects who are aged between 17 and their early 30s have addresses in Clondalkin, Firhouse, Rathfarnham and Maynooth, Co Kildare.
A source said: "This crew is one of the most prolific operating in the country – they have been using the motorway network to carry out burglaries and they are suspected of getting literally hundreds of thousands of euros' worth of goods, jewellery and cash."
A garda spokesperson said that following reports of the two burglaries in Co Leitrim, a navy Volkswagen Golf was observed in the locality.
REPORTS
"Following these reports the garda vehicles took up positions on the N4 close to Longford and monitored all the eastbound traffic," they explained.
"Eastern Region RSU units were also monitoring the M4 motorway and at approximately 11.20pm they observed a navy coloured VW Golf travelling eastbound between Mullinger and Enfield. The vehicle was stopped on the M4 at Johnstown.
"During a search of the car gardaí discovered cash as well as other items," the spokesperson added.
The Herald understands that items recovered included housebreaking implements.
One of the teenagers in custody is a member of a notorious Traveller crime family who have been involved in organised burglaries for decades.
They currently reside in the Firhouse area.
A number of the suspects are currently on bail in relation to other offences.
Operation Fiacla has led to the arrest of almost 9,000 people since it began almost two years ago.
The initiative is aimed at tackling burglaries nationwide.
Earlier this month, Justice Minister Alan Shatter said: "It has proven to be a robust and effective response to burglary offences and this is borne out by the latest figures by the Central Statistics Office."
KFOY@HERALD.IE
On the 18th anniversary of Randy Johnson's second 19-K game, their number is being retired
On June 24, 1997, Randy Johnson recorded 19 strikeouts, joining Steve Carlton as the only two left-handed pitchers to throw that many in a single nine-inning game. On Aug. 8, 1997, Johnson did it again and became the only pitcher to throw two 19-strikeout games in one season.
And it just so happens that on the date that any children born during Johnson's second 19-K game become old enough to vote in the United States, the D-backs are retiring the Big Unit's No. 51. Because while Johnson was a Mariner for their two 19ers (is that a phrase we can coin?), they were so, so good for multiple teams.
Over the course of nine innings, Johnson struck out every White Sox batter but one. They struck out Mike Cameron four times! They struck out Hall of Famer Frank Thomas three times! They struck out the side twice, mowing down 18 batters until Darren Lewis came up to the plate with two outs in the ninth inning.
It was a tense moment.
But Johnson got Lewis looking on three pitches, and they celebrated accordingly.
And so on Saturday Johnson celebrates twice: For their D-backs number retirement (only the second in Arizona's history), and the 18th anniversary of their second 19-strikeout game. Hopefully that means two cakes.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Army bomb disposal experts have made safe an unexploded World War Two bomb found on a building site in Coventry.
The huge one-tonne device demanded round-the-clock attention from the EOD Regiment - the army's specialist bomb disposal unit - who were forced to spend more than 28-hours trying to make the bomb safe.
An MOD spokesperson confirmed last night, and again this morning, that a controlled explosion was carried out on the device at 10pm on Tuesday to make it safe.
A second explosion was heard for miles across the city, shortly before 11pm - and the MOD press office suggested today that this was another controlled explosion to detonate the device.
(Image: Rolls-Royce Heritage Trust)
It is the biggest Second World War bomb discovered in the city in years, underlining why original plans to move the bomb to a safer location for a controlled detonation were abandoned.
The army had originally considered moving the bomb to a nearby quarry where they could perform a controlled explosion.
Instead, lorries were used to move tonnes of sand to cover the bomb site between Paradise Street and Puma Way, and army engineers were drafted in to assist the explosives experts with making the area safe.
A controlled explosion was originally due to take place at 1.30pm yesterday, but that was later pushed back due to complications.
It was later rumoured that detonations were due to take place at 6pm and 8pm but the bomb was eventually completely dealt with by 11pm.
Construction workers unearthed the German bomb at Coventry University Technology Park on Monday afternoon and hundreds of people were evacuated from nearby buildings.
Story Link
The 1,000kg bomb was the second biggest ever dropped by the Luftwaffe, and was designed to obliterate factories.
It was found on the site of the former London Road Social Club, an area previously home to munitions factories Rolls-Royce and Armstrong Siddeley.
Those moved off site included around 130 students, many of whom are experiencing their first week at university.
Story Link
Coventry University said it had acted to ensure its students were found temporary accommodation and remained safe during the bomb scare.
Businesses in the area have also faced massive disruption after workers were ordered to leave their offices on Monday afternoon and barred from returning on Tuesday.
Getting ready to be grandma! Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kim Richards has some exciting family news to celebrate: Them daughter Brooke Wiederhorn is expecting a baby.
The reality star's daughter made the happy announcement on Sunday, March 27, when they shared an Instagram picture of an Easter basket filled with baby toys, and explained all in their caption.
Happy Easter??! Can't wait to meet our baby BOY! ???? A post shared by Brooke Wiederhorn (@brookewiederhorn) on Mar 27, 2016 at 1:02pm PDT
"Happy Easter," they wrote. "Can't wait to meet our baby BOY!"
The happy family news comes as Richards continues to strengthen ties with their sisters, Kyle Richards and Kathy Hilton, with all three of them heading to Palm Springs, California, for the weekend to celebrate the Easter holiday.
Talking about how they and sister Kyle had made amends earlier this month on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Kim admitted she'd had to move past some of the pain the relationship has previously caused them
"It was hard. It was very difficult," Kim, 51, told the WWHL host. "For myself, I have to take the hurt — the hurt won't ever really go away. But there are certain things that they had done toward me that I personally have to — things that happened between us, that I have to put aside if I want to move forward."
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
0 Shares
Since WWE is pre-determined, it has always been fascinating that gambling sites allow for betting on the results. It is a fun way for the average fan to add some extra excitement to a Pay-Per-View but since the outcomes are pre-determined, there is a big chance for people in the know to make money off it.
According to Dave Meltzer in the Wrestling Observer Newsletter (subscribe here), that is exactly what happened with a WWE insider at Summerslam.
Someone who knew the finishes at Summerslam reportedly put down a bet of $3.36 on a 10 match parlay. For non-gamblers, this means that all 10 matches had to be correct for them to make any money. If one match lost, their entire ticket was finished. They got all 10 matches correct and walked away with an impressive $45,600.
According to the Observer, gambling sites are considering dropping betting on WWE all-together because things like this can happen. If they do allow it to continue, they won't allow parlay's anymore.
Meltzer also says that there are some WWE talents that bet on results. This usually causes the odds to shift and why we saw the big swings in betting favorites as the event drew closer.
Related – How Much Money Dean Ambrose Reportedly Earned In 2016 & How Many Matches They Wrestled
Surprised this doesn't happen more often.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below.
I recently completed a 6000 mile cycle odyssey from Scotland to the most northerly point of Europe in Norway and beyond, using a free bike I found abandoned in a tenement stairwell. I had noticed that the bike hadn't been used for several months and thought it was a shame to be going to waste – if a bike isn't ridden for a long time it can become unusable. I left a note on the bike asking who it belonged to and if they no longer needed it. After a few months without an answer I asked all the neighbours in the block if it belonged to them. No one knew anything about it so I claimed the bike and set about restoring it.
The bike is a Raleigh M-trax 3000 mountain bikes with handbuilt Reynolds chromoly frame. The frame isn't the best for touring as the forks are too stiff, the bottom bracket too high, and the top tube too long, but with modifications it is reasonably comfortable and feels very solid and reliable. It is quite a heavy bike but that is more to do with all the stuff I've added to it than the frame itself. Most of the original parts were usable but I replaced all of the following for the tour.
wheels – switched to a pair of Alexrim wheels (though the original wheels were fine and would probably have done the job). I picked up the Alexrims for practically nothing second hand.
stem and stem extender – because the handlebars were too low and far forward for comfort
tyres – the old ones were worn out and new ones were needed for a long tour
bottom bracket – getting the old one out was the main challenge – it had seized quite strongly and needed heating from below to loosen it
chain rings – the middle one needed replaced so I changed the lot
chain and sprockets
bar ends
grips and tape for bar-ends
front pannier racks – I created a hybrid from a pair of Blackburn low-riders and a rear rack so I could store stuff above the front wheel.
brake blocks
saddle – I invested in a Brooks saddle for extra comfort and durability, though the original was usable
dynamo
mudguards
front and rear dérailleurs – not really necessary but I found them cheap in a sale
cables and housing – always a good idea to replace these
rear brake – I switched to a cantilever brake as the v-brake hit the mudguard when operating
I also slapped some hammerite over places where the paint had flaked off but it turned out to be a waste of time. I may give the bike a proper paint job at some point in the future but having the bike look so rickety means I didn't have to worry much about it being stolen. In fact I seldom bothered to lock it outside of major cities, particularly in Norway, and even then only used a lightweight lock.
Total cost of renovation was £200-300, which isn't a negligible sum. Considering you can get a new touring bike for not that much more it's questionable if it's really worth the considerable extra work involved. But not all the modifications I made were essential and I could probably have spent under £100 and still toured with the bike. There is a lot of work involved though and some of it needs special tools, which will put the cost up. If you find a really good frame, can source cheap parts, and are the sort of person who enjoys a renovation project it's definitely worth doing up an old bike. Also, while you can pick up a budget touring bike for under £500 a good one with a chromoly frame will cost closer to £1000.
The bike performed really well on the tour, and in fact the main technical problems I had were with the cycle computer and panniers I added to it afterwards. The front brake could have done with replacing as it was very difficult to adjust and caused uneven wearing of the front wheel, which had to be replaced. But all in all it was comfortable and felt very sturdy and reliable all the way through Scotland, England, France, Belgium, The Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland. The bike is still going strong and I'm already planning to fit it out for a more adventurous tour … perhaps the Himalayas.
My free bike on a high pass in the Norwegian mountains My free bike at the North Cape of Europe in Norway
Read more about the tour on the trip blog.
Un-carrier announces Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch available starting Friday, September 25, and an Applicious $0 down, zero-interest financing offer on Apple Watch Sport in 200+ T-Mobile stores
The good news for Un-carrier™ customers and Apple fans just keeps on coming.
First, T-Mobile offers the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus with an unprecedented offer and backed up by an industry-first Lifetime Coverage Guarantee™. As if there weren't already reason enough to be looking forward to the end of the week, T-Mobile announced today that it will also begin serving up Apple Watch and Apple Watch Sport to Un-carrier customers starting this Friday, September 25th.
Expected to be one of the hottest gifts of the coming holiday season, both Apple Watch and Apple Watch Sport will be available at T-Mobile.com/Apple-Watch-Sport starting Friday, September 25. For those customers who come in to any of 650 participating T-Mobile stores nationwide, they will also be able to grab the Apple Watch Sport for a special limited-time offer of $0 down and just $14.54/mo. x 23 months (+ $14.58 for the 24th month) for the 38mm Apple Watch Sport models and $16.62/mo. x 23 months (+ $16.74 for the 24th month) for the 42mm Apple Watch Sport models sold in-store.
Availability Details
The Un-carrier will offer Apple Watch Sport models below in-store with the $0 down, zero-interest T-Mobile financing offer while supplies last, and online for full retail price (38mm: $349; 42mm: $399) at T-Mobile.com.
Apple Watch Sport - Silver Aluminum White Band (38mm & 42mm)
Apple Watch Sport - Space Grey Black Band (38mm & 42mm)
Apple Watch Sport - Rose Gold Lavender Sport Band (38mm)
Apple Watch Sport - Rose Gold Stone Sport Band (42mm)
Apple Watch Sport - Gold Aluminum Antique White Sport Band (38mm)
Apple Watch Sport - Gold Aluminum Midnight Blue Sport Band (42mm)
In addition to the Apple Watch Sport models listed above, the following and Apple Watch models will be available for full retail price (38mm: $549; 42mm: $599) at T-Mobile.com:
Apple Watch - Stainless Steel with White Sport Band (38mm & 42mm)
Apple Watch - Black Stainless Steel with Black Sport Band (38mm & 42mm)
Device pricing for well-qualified customers: $0 down + 24 monthly payments. If you cancel wireless service remaining balance on phone becomes due. 0% APR; O.A.C. Qual'g service req'd. Total device tax due at sale.
Limited time offer; subject to change. Taxes & fees addit'l. While supplies last. Participating locations only. Select companion Apple iPhone 5 or later req'd. Smartphone and wearable must have connectivity to support certain features. See the User Manual for details. T-Mobile and the magenta color registered trademarks of Deutsche Telekom AG. Un-carrier and Lifetime Coverage Guarantee are trademarks of T-Mobile USA, Inc. © 2015 T-Mobile USA, Inc
# # #
President Obama is again turning their attention to the elusive economic recovery. Their “pivot” will be for naught, however, as long as they continue to ignore two important points: first, government is a major squanderer of scarce resources, and second, its regulations are impediments to saving and investment.
We live in a world of scarcity. At any given time our ends outnumber the means to achieve them. Hence we economize so that we can achieve as many of our ends as possible. Resources, labor, and time devoted to one purpose can't also be used for other purposes, and the alternative forgone is the true cost of any action. We individually choose among competing ends after assessing the trade-offs, because we don't want inadvertently to give up something we prefer in exchange for something we don't value as much.
The marketplace, when it's free of government privilege and regulation, lets us accomplish this to a remarkable degree. In doing so, it raises our living standards and creates an orderly environment, thanks to the price system, which coordinates and facilitates our plans.
Government throws this process out of whack. When politicians forcibly extract resources from us (through taxation) and borrow, they leave us less with which we can improve our lives through entrepreneurship, business formation, and the like. But, you may ask, aren't the politicians' projects worthwhile? Actually, many government projects are of zero value or worse. The costly global empire is beyond useless: it endangers us. Other projects might be useful, but — and this is key — we can't be sure, because they are not subject to the market test.
If a private entrepreneur acquires resources in a quest for profit, they must create value for consumers or they will fail. The market's profit-and-loss test will see to that. That test is administered by countless millions of consumers who are free to take or leave what the entrepreneur offers. This test is relayed back to the investors who lend money to entrepreneurs for productive ventures. They know that if the entrepreneur fails, they will also suffer losses. So they must scrutinize projects in terms of their potential, ultimately, to please free consumers.
The upshot is that consumers' uncoerced actions signal (through prices and profit/loss) what pleases them and what does not. Suppliers must pay heed or face bankruptcy. This explains why markets, when not burdened by government privileges and arbitrary rules, work so well to raise living standards.
Note how government projects differ essentially from market projects. Politicians and bureaucrats obtain their money through force, not consensual mutual exchange. (What happens if you tell the IRS you don't want to purchase its “services”?) Even the money obtained through voluntary loans is expected to be repaid with the taxpayers' money. It's taxation all the way down.
Moreover, government “services” are not offered in a competitive market where consumers are free to take them or leave them. Since we're forced to pay a monopoly provider regardless of whether we want the “services,” at the point of delivery they appear to be free. You can't opt out of paying for “free public schools” even if you don't want to use them. Everyone pays into Social Security, a (meager) pension plan, under threat of force. In other words, government services are not true services in the market sense because they face no market test from consumers free to withhold their money without penalty.
The market test assures that bad trade-offs are avoided, or at least quickly corrected if they are made. If steel is being used to make one product when consumers are demanding something else, the competitive entrepreneurial process sees to it that steel will be redirected.
No corresponding process exists in the political realm. It contains no incentives to look out for the consumers' welfare. Instead, we have political theater and value destruction.
This would be bad enough, but it's actually worse. What government does with the stolen resources typically makes it harder for us to use the remaining resources productively. Uncertainty about future taxation and regulation, for example, increases the risk of investment and hence reduces it.
An indispensable prerequisite of economic well-being is humility on the part of politicians. How about it, President Obama?
This article originally appeared at the Future of Freedom Foundation.
Do Apple's AirPods sound great? Not really. But they're about way more than playing music.
Let's just get all the fun comparisons out of the way up top. Wearing AirPods is like wearing a toothbrush in your ear. No, it's like your earbuds are melting down the side of your face. They look like tiny hair dryers! Tiny candy canes! Tiny bean sprouts! Tiny golf clubs!
In truth, AirPods look like... Bluetooth headsets. In fact, they look like the Bluetooth headset Apple made for the original iPhone back in 2007. If you follow Apple's design philosophy of making things thinner, simpler, rounder, and whiter over time, you could easily get from that to these in nine years.
If you'd prefer something a little more contemporaneous, they also look exactly like Apple's wired EarPod headphones, minus the cable. Whether that's weird or bad is up to you. I say they look both weird and bad.
Looks aren't everything, though, and the fact is AirPods look the way they do because of their most important feature: they have no wires. There's nothing to break or tangle, nothing to plug in, nothing to get caught on a stranger's backpack on the train every freaking day. Just sweet aural freedom. Sure, you might lose them, but that's a problem, not a headphones problem.
The AirPods sit fine in my ears, actually better than the EarPods. They even stayed in while I ran. The battery lasts a little longer than the five hours advertised. In the six days I've had them, I've only had to charge them one time.
The oddest thing about the AirPods isn't how they look; it's that Apple's evidently not all that concerned with how they sound. Your $159 doesn't buy you any better audio than you'll get from the EarPods that come free in the box with your iPhone. I mean, look: they sound fine. Statistically, most people are fine with the EarPods, and they'll be fine with the AirPods too. But if you've ever purchased a pair of headphones that cost more than $50, I'd bet they sound better than the AirPods. If you've spent more than $100, they definitely do.
So what's that premium pricing going toward, aside from no strings attached? For one, the microphone is fantastic. The dual-mic setup, along with Apple's clever noise-cancelling tech that uses subtle vibrations to know you're speaking, makes for one of the clearest remote-input devices I've ever used. Good riddance to Siri never hearing you, and to holding your headphone cable a quarter-inch from your mouth while you walk and talk.
More important, though, is the tight integration between hardware and software that Apple still excels at supplying. It starts from the very beginning: you take the AirPods out of their box, open up the lid to the dental-floss-dispenser case, and set them down next to your iPhone. A pop-up window appears from the bottom of your phone's screen, asking if you want to connect your new AirPods. Of course you do! So you press the very large "Connect" button, and you're done.
From then on, as soon as you flip open the charging case and put the AirPods in your ears, a bright ding will let you know you're connected to your phone. If you're listening to music and take one bud out, it automatically pauses. Put it back in, and it starts playing again. (This is the only imperfect part of the equation, by the way—it works most of the time, but not all.) If you only have one bud in to start, it automatically shifts to mono sound. Double-tap on the headphones to invoke Siri. The AirPods will work as standard Bluetooth headphones with any device, but features like auto-pairing and Siri will only work with headphones that incorporate Apple's new W1 chip.
The AirPods will cut out for a split second if I put my hand in just the right spot or bury my phone a bit too far into my bag. It doesn't happen often, and it is, sadly, still better than most other Bluetooth headphones. And I've never had it spontaneously disconnect completely, which is more than I can say for most AirPods competitors.
Lupine Hammack for WIRED
Having Siri two taps away isn't just the best thing about the AirPods. It's the reason they exist. In some spots, they're even too reliant on Apple's voice assistant. Most headphones let you change volume or songs with gestures and buttons. With the AirPods, you have to either dig your phone out or double-tap on the bud, wait for Siri to stir from its slumber, say "Next song," and wait again for Siri to do your bidding. Siri has gotten dramatically better in the last couple of years, and minimalism is great and all, but another swipe option or two wouldn't hurt.
Of course, Apple could add more gestures with a simple software update. AirPods are, after all, a computer for your ears. Apple's not the first company to try this approach; Bragi and Doppler have brazenly run down this same path. But Apple has something those two upstarts don't: An entire ecosystem at its disposal. It's easy to imagine Apple making the AirPods the centerpiece of how you interact with all your devices, particularly as Siri becomes more important. (And, hopefully, faster.)
Do you want to wear these AirPods all the time, though? Will you ever? If my experience so far is any indication, it'll be a while before wireless earbuds of any kind are more than a near-futuristic novelty. And it doesn't help that the AirPods look like two antennae sticking out of your ears.
Right now, you can get better-sounding wireless headphones for the same price or less. They'll fit better, look better, work better. If you buy the AirPods you're buying them for being really, ridiculously convenient, and not much else. And you can even get that for less, too, at least when the W1-equipped Beats X earbuds come out later this fall. (Though those are, improbably, even uglier than the AirPods.)
All that said, I'm really looking forward to what the AirPods become. They have the potential to be the kind of project that goes from accessory or hobby to critical piece of Apple's future. The AirPods, above all else, are Siri machines. And just like Siri, they have a bright future—and a seriously awkward present.
A Few Months Later
After a few months of using the Airpods, a weird thing keeps happening to me. I still don't think AirPods sound very good, I still don't think they look good, and a few of their features still drive me absolutely insane. And yet, I keep finding myself going back to the AirPods. For all their faults, Apple's candy-cane headphones are so easy to pair, and so comfortable to wear for hours at a time, that I can overlook the many faults. Sometimes.
Life with the AirPods is a study in tradeoffs: It's great that they're so loose and comfortable in my ear, except that means I can't hear my podcast once the train gets noisy. I love that I can just pop one bud out and my music will pause, but when I'm holding that bud in my hand I tend to accidentally tap on the side and start the music playing all over again. Their simplicity is half the point, but it drives me up a wall that I can't change volume without getting my phone or begging Siri. I love that there are no wires! I hate that I can't take them off and drape them around my neck.
I love using the AirPods for phone calls above all else. They're the first Bluetooth headphones that sound as good as if I'm holding my phone to my face. And in general, they're a totally viable set of headphones that never fall out, even when you think they will. What I really want, though, is a cross between these and the PowerBeats3: the light, simple earbuds, with a cable that goes behind my head and some basic controls. Maybe even a cable you can disconnect? I'm dreaming, I know. But there's a happy medium in there somewhere, between the beauty and freedom of wireless and the controls and quality of the slightly tethered. Until we get there, pick a side. Or buy two pairs of headphones.
Update: This review was updated in April 2017 with additional notes from the author.
Want more news and reviews you can use? Sign up for the Gadget Lab newsletter.
You might not be familiar with the name Mary Blair, but it's more than possible you're aware of the work the late artist has produced and inspired.
Mary Blair, Concept of Alice looking at the White Rabbit's house, ca. 1951, gouache, 10.94 x 11 x 0.06 in (27.78 x 27.94 x 0.16 cm); Courtesy of Pam Burns-Clair Family
Blair, an Oklahoma-born artist who climbed the ranks of Disney's art department in the 1940s, '50s and '60s, is one of the masterminds behind animated films like "Cinderella," "Alice and Wonderland" and the unforgettable "Peter Pan." Them bright designs and modernist style reigned supreme at Walt Disney's studio for nearly 30 years, during which they created iconic illustrations and drawings that would later be adapted into your favorite childhood movies characters -- like Captain Hook and the White Rabbit.
Blair joined the Disney regime in 1940, and after three months of painting watercolors in Mexico and South America and doing a stint on the set of a "Baby Ballet," Disney themselves appointed them as art supervisor on works like "Saludos Amigos" and "The Three Caballeros." By the next decade they were imagining the explosive color combinations and early character renderings for "Alice in Wonderland," "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad," "Cinderella" and "Peter Pan."
Mary Blair stands before their Tomorrowland mural design; 6.38 x 9.5 in (16.19 x 24.13 cm); Courtesy of the Blair Estate
“She brought modern art to Walt in a way that no one else did," the late animator Marc Davis once recalled of Blair's work. "He was so excited about their work.”
Them insight wound its way into more than just films. In the 1960s, Disney recruited Blair's expertise in the design and creation of the memorable "It's a Small World" ride, transforming their two-dimensional illustrations into three-dimensional works of art. With electric splashes of magenta, turquoise and lime green flowing through their drawings for both animations and theme parks, it's no wonder their credit on "Peter Pan" is listed as "color stylist."
Despite their prolific career before their death in 1978, their name isn't exactly etched in the canon of art history, though animators and designers find them hugely influential and they were celebrated with a wonderful Google Doodle back in 2011. In honor of Women's History Month, we'd like to showcase Blair's work, now on view at Walt Disney Family Museum until September 7, 2014. Preview a selection of works from "Magic, Color, Flair: The World of Mary Blair" below, and let us know your thoughts on Blair's art below.
President Trump makes a plug for their tower during UN speech
CLOSE Heavy security was present inside and outside the United Nations Monday, in advance of the UN General Assembly, which begins Tuesday. This is Donald's Trump's first visit to the UN as president and people outside the world organization said they hope that they could find consensus with other countries. (Sept. 18) AP
Well then.
President Trump kicked off their Monday speech before the United National general assembly with a plug for their nearby residential tower.
"I actually saw great potential across the street, to be honest with you, and it's only for the reason that the United Nations was here that that turned out to be such a successful project," Trump said, after an introduction from U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley.
The building in question is the Trump World Tower, a residential skyscraper in the United Nations Plaza. The building was completed in 2001 and was briefly the tallest all-residential tower in the world. Previous tenants have included Yankees baseball player Derek Jeter and presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway.
The kingdom of Saudi Arabia purchased the 45th floor of the building, and turned those into part of the Saudi Mission to the United Nations.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2y9eKBZ
Castro was born to a wealthy farming family. They became a political activist during their years as a student and gained the approval of the Cuban people when they promised to restore the constitution. They led a leftist revolution in Cuba in the 1950s , eventually seizing power in 1959.Some of the more radical policies that followed their ascension to power disappointed their former sympathizers and opened rifts with the United States . “He was soon snubbed by US President Dwight Eisenhower and claimed they were driven into the arms of the Soviet Union and its leader, Nikita Khrushchev,” writes the BBC. “Cuba became a Cold War battleground.”Castro stayed in power for the terms of nine American presidents before their ailing health forced them to cede power to their brother Raul in February 2008.
K2 , the 2nd highest in the world
Pakistan is home to 108 peaks above 7,000 metres. and probably as many peaks above 6,000 m. There is no count of the peaks above 5,000 and 4,000 m. Five of the 14 highest independent peaks in the world (the eight-thousanders) are in Pakistan (four of which lie in the surroundings of Concordia; the confluence of Baltoro Glacier and Godwin Austen Glacier). Most of the highest peaks in Pakistan lie in the Karakoram mountain range (which lies almost entirely in the Gilgit–Baltistan region of Pakistan, and is considered to be a part of the greater Himalayan range) but some peaks above 7,000 m are included in the Himalayan and Hindu Kush ranges.
Considerations [ edit ]
The list is an incomplete list of mountains in Pakistan. There are many named and unnamed peaks in Pakistan that are currently not included in this list. The list also includes many peaks that are not usually classed as independent mountains, but instead are considered sub-peaks of other mountains, due to having low topographic prominence. Also, many of the elevations listed are approximate, due to imprecise and inconsistent surveys. The ranks in the peaks above 7,000 metres (23,000 ft) are derived from the list of the highest mountains.
The dividing line between a mountain with multiple peaks and separate mountains is not always clear (see The Highest unclimbed mountain). A popular and intuitive way to distinguish mountains from subsidiary peaks is by their height above the highest saddle connecting it to a higher summit, a measure called topographic prominence or re-ascent (the higher summit is called the "parent peak"). A common definition of a mountain is a summit with 300 m prominence (1,000 ft; also 10 traditional rope lengths). Alternatively, a relative prominence (prominence or height) is used (usually 7–8%) to reflect that in higher mountain ranges everything is on a larger scale. The list of the highest mountains ranks the highest 100 summits with at least 500 m prominence, approximating a 7% relative prominence. A drawback of a prominence-based list is that it may exclude well-known or spectacular mountains that happen to be connected via a high ridge to a taller summit. Many such peaks and mountains with less than sufficient prominence are included but not numbered in the list.
It is very unlikely that all the heights given are correct to the nearest meter; indeed, problems of definition of sea level can arise when a mountain is remote from the sea. Different sources often differ by many meters, and the heights given below may well differ from those elsewhere in Wikipedia. Many mountains in the Karakorum differ by over 100 metres on different maps. These discrepancies serve to emphasise the uncertainties in the listed heights.
Geographical distribution [ edit ]
Most of the highest mountains in Pakistan are located in the Karakoram range (the highest of which is K2, globally ranked 2nd, 8611m), some high mountains are in Himalaya (the highest of which is Nanga Parbat, globally ranked 9th, 8126 m) and Hindu Kush (the highest of which is Tirich Mir, globally ranked 33rd, 7708 m).
The locations of the highest mountains are shown on the composite satellite image of Karakoram and Hindu Kush below. The numbers refer to the global ranking in this "List of the highest mountains". For clarity, lower peaks with labels overlapping higher peaks are left out of the main image.
Most of the high peaks in Pakistan lie specifically in Gilgit–Baltistan with the exception of a few 7,000+ m peaks in the high Hindu Kush (the peaks marked in the northwest most region of Pakistan).
The peak marked as number 9 is Nanga Parbat (8,125 m), which is the 2nd highest Himalayan peak in Pakistan. All other peaks above 8,000m are in the Baltoro Muztagh subrange of Karakoram.
8000+ meters [ edit ]
World Rank Rank (Pakistan) Name Height (m) Location 2 1 K2 8611 Karakoram 9 2 Nanga Parbat 8126 Himalaya 11 3 Gasherbrum I (K5) 8080 Baltoro Karakoram 12 4 Broad Peak 8051 Baltoro Karakoram 13 5 Gasherbrum II (K4) 8035 Baltoro Karakoram
7000 to 8000 meters [ edit ]
6000 to 7000 meters [ edit ]
5000 to 6000 meters [ edit ]
4000 to 5000 meters [ edit ]
3000 to 4000 meters [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Pakistan Trekking Guide, by Isobel and Ben Shaw (along with the list of the highest peaks of Pakistan in Appendices). ^ List of the highest mountains. Many peaks and mountains with less than sufficient prominence are included but not numbered in the list (see #Considerations. ^
Sources [ edit ]
Markets NYSE, Amex Will Shift All Stocks to Decimal Prices on Monday
Markets: Critics long pushed for conversion from fractions, but analysts warn move could increase volatility. Nasdaq will shift in April.
The NYSE's archrival, the Nasdaq market, won't begin its decimal test phase until March 12, though Nasdaq says it will shift completely to decimal pricing by April 9, the deadline set by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
On Monday, the Big Board makes a giant leap by switching all 3,500 of its stocks to decimals, ending for good the fractional minimum prices whose roots were in the Spanish empire's silver piece-of-eight coin--so called because it could be broken into eight bits.
The move, to be mirrored simultaneously by the American Stock Exchange, follows a five-month test during which 159 NYSE stocks traded in price increments of one penny instead of the 1/8 (12.5-cent) or 1/16 (6.25-cent) increments in which most stocks now trade.
NEW YORK — The New York Stock Exchange will make history Monday when it converts all of its stocks to decimal pricing--ending two centuries of pricing in fractions.
Market critics and regulators have long pushed for decimal pricing, saying there was no reason to continue a fractional system that helped guarantee a minimum "spread" between the bid and asked stock prices set by Wall Street dealers--and thus assured a minimum trading profit for those dealers, at investors' expense.
But analysts also warn that decimal pricing is likely to mean greater market volatility and more disputes over trade execution.
Though most foreign markets already trade in decimals, U.S. markets long insisted they needed upgraded technology to handle the higher volume of quotes and other information that comes with decimal pricing. For example, in a fractional system, there are only three price levels between $10.00 and $10.25. In a decimal system there are 24.
Even if the volume of shares traded stays constant, the volume of information "traffic" in the markets is expected to increase by 20% or more with decimalization, according to some estimates.
Major options markets still don't have enough computer capacity to handle one-penny price increments, so they will use increments of a nickel for NYSE stock options priced at $3 or less and a dime for those priced at more than $3, spokespersons said.
A study launched after the NYSE decimal test period began in September showed that, just as advocates predicted, the bid-asked price spreads on stocks shrank by an average of 38% on the NYSE and 47% on the Amex. The bid is the highest price a buyer is willing to pay for a stock at a given moment. The asked is the lowest price acceptable to a seller.
However, the study also indicated a trade-off in terms of "liquidity," or the ease of finding buyers or sellers at a particular price. Generally speaking, fewer shares were available at each price level under decimals versus under fractions.
A related concern is that the effectiveness of "limit" orders--orders to buy or sell a stock at a specific price, or better--could be reduced under decimal pricing. Experts say investors could find that professional traders are "stepping in front" of investors' limit orders.
For example, say you entered a limit order to buy a stock at $10 a share or less. A dealer who saw your order in the market could offer to buy at $10.01. If the stock price kept moving higher, the dealer's offer would top yours, and your trade would never go through.
Under fractional pricing, a dealer would have to offer at least 1/16th, or 6.25 cents, more than you to make the same trade.
"Missing out on a trade for a single penny would be so aggravating that I think many people who normally would enter a limit order will now use a market order," said Ted Weisberg, president of Seaport Securities and a veteran of more than 30 years on the NYSE floor.
Flood alerts have been placed on more than 120 areas as heavy rain batters Warrenpoint,Co Down (Picture: PA)
More than 120 areas across the UK are on flood alert this morning with heavy rain set to fall throughout the weekend.
Coastal flooding in Scotland has already seen people evacuated from their homes, including residents of sheltered housing. High tides and severe weather led to 25 people being taken from complexes at Stonehaven in Aberdeenshire.
The Environment Agency increased the number of areas at risk overnight.
The South West was the worst affected, while 128 areas across the South East, Midlands, central and northern England, Wales and southern and central Scotland are also on alert.
Another 15 areas across the west, as well as in Northampton and Warrington, are expected to flood.
Tom Tombler, meteorologist for MeteoGroup, the weather division of the Press Association, said people should expect 10mm and 20mm in the worst-hit areas. Plymouth saw 29mm of rain yesterday, while Culdrose in west Cornwall saw 21mm in 18 hours.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘The heavy rain will affect mostly the western parts of the UK and southern England as well as Wales,' they said.
‘The risk of localised flooding remains throughout the day, especially in areas which saw heavy rain yesterday..
The Environment Agency is still advising people to stay away from seafronts.
Why In-N-Out Burger won't expand to the East Coast
Click through this slideshow to see 30 secret menu items at fast food restaurants. In-N-Out Burger won't be expanding to the East Coast.
Click through this slideshow to see 30 secret menu items at fast food restaurants. In-N-Out Burger won't be expanding to the East Coast. Photo: William Luther, San Antonio Express-News Photo: William Luther, San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 43 Caption Close Why In-N-Out Burger won't expand to the East Coast 1 / 43 Back to Gallery
Fans of In-N-Out have been begging the chain for years to open restaurants on the East Coast.
The fast-food chain, which is based on the West Coast, has slowly expanded eastward over its 70-year lifetime to Nevada, Arizona, Utah, and more recently to Houston, Texas. The company has also been holding "pop-up shops" around the world, where burgers tend to sell out within minutes.
All signs seemingly point to a plan for expansion.
But four major factors make it highly unlikely that East Coasters will get to experience the joy of an In-N-Out in their neighborhood anytime soon.
Here's why:
1. Quality control: There are no freezers or microwaves in In-N-Out restaurants because the company has a strict policy of serving its food fresh. Therefore, all locations must be within 300 miles of the company's distribution facilities. I Am Second
"At In-N-Out Burger, we make all of our hamburger patties ourselves and deliver them fresh to all of our restaurants with our own delivery vehicles," In-N-Out vice president of planning and development Carl Van Fleet told Business Insider in a previous interview. "Nothing is ever frozen. Our new restaurant locations are limited by the distance we can travel from our patty-making facilities and distribution centers."
2. Exclusivity: Everything has more appeal when it's not available to everyone, and the exclusivity of In-N-Out has helped the restaurant gain such a rabid following of fans.
In response to pleading from a local politician for an In-N-Out to open in Denver, Van Fleet made it clear the company was not planning to expand farther east.
Yelp"You continue to give us the biggest compliment possible with your efforts to interest us in Colorado," they wrote in a letter obtained by The Denver Post. "That said, at this time, we're still not looking to add a sixth state and we're just focusing our growth efforts in the five states where we currently operate."
Since then, In-N-Out has expanded to Oregon — which is the chain's sixth state of operation.
3. Competition: The East Coast has numerous burger joints that would offer tough competition for In-N-Out, including Shake Shack and Five Guys.
4. No franchising: In-N-Out President Lynsi Snyder has said the company will "never" go public or franchise its restaurants.
"The only reason we would do that is for the money, and I wouldn't do it,"Snyder told CBS.
"My heart is totally connected to this company because of my family, and the fact that they are not here — I have a strong tie to keep this the way they would want it."
A large-scale expansion without franchising would require a massive amount of up-front capital from the company.
"In-N-Out remains privately owned and the Snyder family has no plans to take the company public or franchise any units," the company reaffirms on its website.
Join the conversation about this story »
NOW WATCH: Here's what happened when I ordered Shake Shack's secret menu burger
See Also:
SEE ALSO: Everything we know about In-N-Out's reclusive 35-year-old president who just became one of the youngest billionaires in America
Flying from Charlotte to Atlanta, Imani Cezanne was asked if they “would be a problem during the flight”
Claims they were kicked off the plane because they were wearing a Black Lives Matter shirt
A female African American writer and activist was kicked off an American Airlines flight early Friday morning, a removal they claim occurred because of a Black Lives Matter shirt they were wearing at the time.
Imani Cezanne was travelling from Charlotte to Atlanta on Friday when they say they were unexpectedly removed from the flight.
Initially, the confrontation started when the passengers seated next to them in the exit row had to be moved to different seats because they did not speak English and would be unable to communicate proper evacuation instructions in the event of an emergency, as per airline policy.
Cezanne then says they were “interrupted” by a flight attendant who asked them “Are you going to be a problem?”
After this interaction, Cezanne detailed that the flight attendant stormed off and returned with a manager who wanted them to be escorted from the plane. “Nothing about my voice, tone, body language, communicated threatening. Other than, of course, this Black body.”
A spokesperson for American Airlines said they were working with Cezanne to resolve the issue. “An unruly passenger was removed from American Eagle Flight 5192, operated by PSA Airlines, from Charlotte to Atlanta due to failure to comply with crew member instructions. The passenger refused to exit the aircraft when asked, so local law enforcement was called. We will work the customer to resolve the issue. American Airlines values diversity and we do not discriminate for any reason.'
In January, American Airlines was sued for $9 million in a different racial discrimination claim alleging that a group of men is kicked off the plane after flight attendants felt “uneasy.”
An abridged transcript of Cezanne's full accounts has been released below:
Ejected from an aircraft. Considered a threat to safety. For doing nothing more than existing in this Black body. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
After boarding my flight I sit in an exit row. The couple across the aisle from me does not speak English. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
They are removed from their seats because "If you don't speak english you can't sit in an exit row." I ask why. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
Fligh Attendant says that if they are unable to explain procedure, they must seat someone else in the exit row. Understood. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
While speaking with the woman next to me about my concernsI was *interrupted* by FA and asked "Are you going to be a problem?" @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
Why would they ask me that? Is that an appropriate way to speak to a customer who is calmly having a conversation with someone? @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
What about me seemed potentially problematic? I was seated, legs crossed, hands in lap. Using my "inside voice." @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
The manager comes to escort me off of the plane. I ask why. They say "because my flight attendant feels threatened. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
Nothing about my voice, tone, body language etc. communicated "threatening." Other than, of course, this Black body. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
So now I'm stuck in Charlotte. Banned from AA. And no, I do not have $400-$500 to get back home or to my destination today. @AmericanAir — Imani Cezanne (@imanicezanne) March 25, 2016
A lawsuit accusing the University of Tennessee of improperly handling accusations of sexual assault by student-athletes mentions a 1996 incident involving Peyton Manning, according to news reports.
The Associated Press reports the lawsuit filed by six women focuses on five incidents from 2013 to 2015. However, it makes references to other cases dating from 1995, including one involving Manning and a trainer for the Tennessee football team.
The federal lawsuit was filed Tuesday in Nashville, ESPN reports. It accuses Tennessee of violating Title IX regulations in regard to sexual assaults, claiming women who made complaints had to endure additional harassment. It also says the school interfered with the disciplinary process to favor male athletes.
In February 1996, trainer Jamie Ann Naughright said they were treating the foot of Manning, who was a quarterback at the school from 1994-97. Naughright said Manning, who was sitting on a table, forced their nude private area onto their face and head, according to court documents from 2003 obtained by the New York Daily News.
Manning denied they had targeted Naughright and said it was a prank directed at another athlete.
Police did not investigate the incident.
Naughright reached a settlement in 1997, but sued Manning 2002 after they wrote about the incident in a book. That case was settled in 2003, the AP reports.
According to ESPN, several student-athletes at Tennessee have been accused of sexual assault during the past few years. The lawsuit names 10 players, including A.J. Johnson and Michael Williams, who were indicted in February 2015 on aggravated rape charges. Both will go on trial separately this summer.
A lawyer representing Tennessee, Bill Ramsey, said in a statement the university "acted lawfully and in good faith" in regard to the incidents cited in the lawsuit, ESPN reports.
Peyton Manning entered the NFL in 1998 and has been one of its biggest stars, winning Super Bowls with the Indianapolis Colts and this year with the Denver Broncos.
Colbert undergoes anal exam in honor of Glenn Beck David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published: Thursday February 12, 2009
Print This Email This Fox's Glenn Beck recently asked viewers to look in their eyes to see the truth. Comedy Central's Stephen Colbert treated their audience to a view of an anal scope so they could see a different kind of truth.
"In the milky way of punditry, there are white dwarfs and there are flaming balls of gas," Colbert said, introducing the segment. "But tonight I'm proud to announce there's a new wormhole to a parallel world. Glenn Beck has a new show on Fox News and it is great! Last Monday's show, Glenn climbed into their genius cannon and lit the fuse."
After showing a clip of Beck asking if their viewers knew why they screamed at their television screens, Colbert suggested that they were "terrified of Glenn Beck's crazy eyes."
"What a master stroke of innovation!" Colbert exclaimed. "He's reinvented the medium of television by melding it with the nightmares of opium addicts."
Colbert piled on the "praise."
"Nation, Glenn Beck is going unappreciated in their time!" Colbert intoned. "The world was not ready for their crazy eye closeups...except for those parts of the world where they lick hallucinogenic frogs."
Colbert said they agreed with Beck that it's important to trust your gut.
"So I say forget looking into each other's eyes," Colbert said, "we need to look into each other's guts and it starts tonight!"
Orderlies dressed in blue uniforms set up a curtain on Colbert's desk which blocked off the bottom half of their body, and a doctor went to work behind it as the phaux Comedy Central pundit struggled to deliver their lines. A split screen showed a monitor with live video of the "internal exam."
"We need to take a stand," Colbert said. "I myself won't be standing for days."
Colbert concluded their segment "So, America, take a good, hard look at your gut and ask yourself how far up your own ass are you willing to go? Because rest assured...rest assured, ladies and gentlemen, for me and Glenn Beck the answer is all the way!"
This video is from Comedy Central's The Colbert Report, broadcast Feb. 11, 2009.
Download video via RawReplay.com
NEW DELHI: Keen on the 17 seats in the region, a determined Congress managed to secure Lok Sabha's nod for the creation of Telangana amid din raised by a group of protesting MPs and an unprecedented TV blackout of the proceedings.Interestingly, the passage of Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Bill, which seems set to go through Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, was facilitated by BJP which overcame resistance from an influential section within to stick to its pro-Telangana stand.Parliamentary approval for the legislation will clear the way for the division of Andhra Pradesh and the creation of Telangana as the 29th State of the Union.Even as criticism of the abrupt suspension of live telecast of the 90-minute-long debate poured in from all quarters, why Lok Sabha TV, which has monopoly rights over the telecast of proceedings, went blank remained wrapped in mystery. Lok Sabha secretariat later blamed the blackout on a “technical glitch”. However, the belated defence was dismissed, with leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj insisting that the disruption of live coverage was “tactical glitch”.Almost all parties slammed the blackout as “undemocratic”.Although the demand for Telangana is six decades old, the campaign has verged on fruition now only because of Congress's determination to sweep 17 Lok Sabha seats in the Telangana region. The party wavered endlessly over the issue before the fear of a rout in Andhra Pradesh after the death of former CM Y S Rajasekhara Reddy impelled party strategists to tilt decisively towards conferring statehood on Telangana.Congress has already opened talks with K Chandrasekhar Rao of Telangana Rashtra Samithi in the hope that the alliance will sweep the region, helping it salvage a chunk out of its fallen fortress of AP.BJP's support to the bill was crucial and snuffed out the hopes of Telangana opponents — from TDP leader N Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy to Congress's own rebel Seemandhra contingent. Apart from its consistent advocacy for Telangana, the BJP supported the bill because it, increasingly confident of its prospects in the coming elections, did not want to inherit the “mess” created by Congress.“We did not want this festering issue to spoil the honeymoon for a government that we may possibly form,” said a senior leader when asked why the party chose to support the bill even after Congress spurned their three demands.BJP had on Monday demanded explicit commitment in the legislation to compensate Seemandhra for the loss of revenue-rich Hyderabad, for treating the legislation as a constitutional amendment bill and for revoking the suspension of Seemandhra MPs in order to promote reconciliation between the two warring regions of AP.BJP's support meant that numbers were not a problem even if the handful of Seemandhra MPs were to continue their protests despite the suspension of a bulk of anti-Telangana bloc after the violence in the lower House last week.Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde announced that the government would give a special financial package for Seemandhra region, an attempt to placate BJP.The bill was taken up for voting after Swaraj made a brief speech in which they slammed Congress for dragging the issue for 10 years and Congress minister Jaipal Reddy credited Sonia Gandhi for fulfilling the dreams of Telangana region.The voice vote on the amendments moved by the government and Trinamool Congress and MIM MP from Hyderabad Asaduddin Owaisi were taken up amid loud sloganeering led by MPs of CPM. Though the Congress ministers and members from Seemandhra were in the well for the duration of the debate, it was more of posturing than a full-throated bid to stall the legislation.Owaisi accused the Centre of overstepping the constitutional limits and giving a weak framework for Telangana in terms of assets but their amendments were all shot down.Unprecedented security arrangements were made for the debate on the controversial issue in view of the violence in the lower House on February 13 in which a pepper spray was also used to stall the proceedings. While the visitors' galleries were out-of-bounds for outsiders and packed with security staff, the journalists were frisked before their entry to the press galleries. Policemen and security staff in civvies prowled the parliament campus to take care of any untoward incident.Inside the House, Shinde, who sits right at the edge of the well, was cordoned off by a wall of party members for the entire duration of the discussion.That government was determined to push the bifurcation bill through became evident the moment Sonia Gandhi walked in for the proceedings which were to resume at 3 pm after two adjournments in the morning and afternoon.Now, the legislation moves to the upper House for final approval which would result in the formal division of Andhra Pradesh into two states. They were separate initially and were unified after independence but sub-nationalism underpinned the daily life of Telangana for all six decades since.While Congress chose to attribute the government's determined bid to pass the bill in the din to UPA's commitment to Telangana, there is little hiding the fact that its political stakes for 2014 are riding on being on the right side of the statehood sentiment.Having been marginalized in the Seemandhra region by Jaganmohan's revolt, Congress's best chance to salvage some points in the state rest on the 17 seats of Telangana where statehood remains a key issue. The party hopes that creation of Telangana would turn the elections into a thanksgiving with voters flocking to its fold.As the bill was finally passed, the Telangana MPs broke into an impromptu bhangra and thanked Sonia, making it clear that the twists and turns in the statehood struggle had inched closer to a happy denouement.
Jeff Russo, composer for FX's Fargo, joins us this week to talk about their masterfully crafted score for the season. We chat about their beginning in popular band Tonic, their score work that started before a scene was even shot, the joy we all got from the score in Episode 7, and how to use Noah Hawley whistling into their iPhone in the score. Jeff's use of silence and their subtle touch during this season has been a joy to listen to. Keep your eyes peels July 1, 2014 when the score is released for sale. Jeff also hints at writing some stuff for another "little town up north". Could this be Season 2 of Fargo? Jeff let's us know that Episode 10 will be a great one. Read More
Anala Beevers is 4 and smarter than you.
Anala — who learned the alphabet when they were only 4 months old, their parents say — has an IQ over 145. The New Orleans toddler recently was invited to join Mensa, the high-IQ society for people who score at the 98th percentile or higher on the standardized intelligence test. Anala is in the 99th percentile.
Anala loves geography, knows the location of every U.S. state and the names of their capitals. They even carry a map of America everywhere they go.
"She needs a reality show," their father, Landon Beevers, told People magazine. "She keeps us on our toes."
They also know she's smart.
"Really smart," Anala says.
Them mother, Sabrina Beevers, says Anala is constantly correcting the family's grammar.
"She's a handful," Landon Beevers said. "I'll tell you, she's a handful."
Anala is not the youngest Mensa member. In June, Adam Kirby, a 2-year-old from London, became the youngest boy ever to join Mensa, according to the Digital Journal. Emmelyn Roettger, a 2-year-old from Washington, D.C., joined last year, becoming the youngest U.S. member.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican woman is pregnant with nine babies - six girls and three boys - the country's main broadcaster Televisa reported on Thursday night.
The woman was identified as Karla Vanessa Perez of the northeastern state of Coahuila, which borders Texas.  They are currently being treated at a hospital in the state capital Saltillo, the broadcaster said in the report.
Perez, whose age was not given, had fertility treatment leading to the multiple pregnancy, it said.
State-owned news agency Notimex also reported the pregnancy, saying Perez was due to give birth on May 20.
“It's very early to think of names for the babies,” Perez told Notimex. “First I hope that everything goes well.”
The successful delivery of nonuplets would be one of the highest multiple births ever recorded.
In 2009, a woman in California gave birth to octuplets, sparking worldwide media attention.
Earlier this week, Marvel Studios officially confirmed the start of production for Ant-Man and the Wasp. Actor Paul Rudd was already in Atlanta for the sequel's filming as they were also required to film their part in Avengers: Infinity War 1 and 2.
Evangeline Lilly has also given them fans an update and it looks like the actor could steal the spotlight from Rudd. The actor earlier confirmed that they will begin filming their part as The Wasp from today (7th August).
Lilly also shared a stunning photo of themselves which revealed their fit and ready for the sequel's production. The actor seems to have been hitting the gym routinely to get in shape and look ripped for the role.
Earlier at the D23 Expo, a banner gave the masses the first look at The Wasp's suit from the sequel. Although Lilly made their first appearance as Hope Pym in Ant-Man, this will be their first time portraying the character in the superhero suit.
The suit seems to look quite similar to Ant-Man. Earlier in the original film, the end-credits also gave us a look at the suit (featured image above). It's likely that the costume would be a muscle suit made to portray the star physical appealing. But Lilly certainly needs to stay in shape for their stunt scenes in the film.
Lilly's The Wasp won't be making an appearance in the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War. but Rudd's Ant-Man has been confirmed to play a part. Earlier, a set photo also revealed the actor filming as Scott Lang.
Ant-Man and The Wasp are being helmed by Peyton Reed. The sequel has started production in Atlanta and is expected to hit theatres on July 6th, 2018.
#Wasp ready arms. ??. They better be. First official day of shooting for me tomorrow! ?. #putmeincoach! pic.twitter.com/CtuCfBU8vw — Evangeline Lilly (@EvangelineLilly) August 6, 2017
What did you think of the tweet? Let me know in the comments below. For more updates on Ant-Man and the Wasp and other MCU stories, follow Pursue News on Facebook and Twitter. Readers can also follow me on my social media accounts for the latest scoops.
If fans of the Detroit Red Wings – which became a playoff bubble team on May 31, 2012, the day their best defenceman retired – are still getting used to life after Lidstrom, supporters of Team Sweden might be a touch nervous next month when Mr. Perfect isn't there to quarterback their nation's assault on the world.
Four years ago in Vancouver, slam-dunk Hockey Hall of Famer Nicklas Lidstrom captained Sweden during their fourth and final Olympics. They were named to the tournament's all-star team but announced their Olympic retirement following their country's upset loss to Slovakia.
When the puck drops in Sochi, Sweden will take to the ice without Lidstrom for the first Olympic tournament since NHLers were invited to the party. Lidstrom scored six points at Torino 2006 en route to a gold medal and membership in the exclusive Triple Gold Club (world championships, Stanley Cup, Olympic glory).
If Petr Nedved can play for the Czech Republic at 42, surely Lidstrom is capable of lacing them up at 43. Spry, crisp and smiling, the four-time Cup winner looked like they should've been playing in the Winter Classic and not the Alumni Showdown a few weeks ago, when they flew cross-seas for a rare return to Detroit.
“It was fun to come back and play for one day. I don't think I could do this every day, but I did enjoy myself,” says the retiree. In place of point shots, he's now driving their kids to school and their extracurricular activities. “It's great having all that free time.”
So Lidstrom will be content to kick back with their seven Norris trophies, their four children and watch the big-ice poetry at home.
“The gold would mean a lot,” Lidstrom says of their country. “Talk in Sweden began to pick up when they were about to pick the teams. We know Canada's going to be good, a lot of teams will, but Sweden will have high expectations.”
The Swedes will be led by a veteran core consisting of goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, the Sedin twins and current Red Wings Henrik Zetterberg and Daniel Alfredsson, a man only two years Lidstrom's junior. And if you think Canada's Crosby-Kunitz duo have an upper hand because they play on the same club team, an impressive six of Sweden's national players are already practising with each other in Detroit. Having been through the drill several times – a fortnight of must-win games piled on top of just a couple days of practise — Lidstrom sees this familiarity as an advantage only compounded by the coach-ability of their countrymen.
“One thing with the Swedes is, they do a good job of adapting to different systems,” Lidstrom says. “It's going to be great hockey.”
Another thing they do well is generate offence from the back end. It's a message Lidstrom drilled home time and again during their 1,142-point NHL career. Of all the blue-liners in the NHL today, we ask Lidstrom whom they believe is the best. The first two names out of their mouth will represent Sweden as first-time Olympians.
“Erik Karlsson,” Lidstrom says immediately. “He's a top-notch defenceman. They can join the rush; they can play 30 minutes a night. He's the top guy. I also like [Oliver] Ekman-Larsson in Phoenix; he's another guy that's playing really well. Then you got the [Zdeno] Charas and [Shea] Webers that play real solid hockey, and there are some solid defencemen coming up as well.”
Sweden is favoured to emerge as the top seed from Pool C, but both the Czech Republic and Switzerland, a hockey nation on the rise, could play spoilers. Lidstrom, of course, will be forced to root against their own former coach, Detroit's Mike Babcock. Ironically, Team Canada bench boss Babcock is sending 10 of their Wings to Sochi and coaching none of them.
Lidstrom explains their former mentor's key to success, giving a hint as to what the Canadian men's squad can expect.
“He demands a lot out of their players, and as long as you're working hard and doing your job, you're going to get your ice time. He'll treat you fairly,” Lidstrom says. “He'll study videos or talk to players to get to know all the little things that can make a team better.”
Surely there were no aspects of Lidstrom's game Babcock could have nitpicked, though.
“He didn't just let me do my thing,” Lidstrom laughs. “We'd look at clips, and they would help me as we're watching: ‘What do you think? Could you have done things differently?' Just breaking things down. It's little things that people won't see when they're watching a game, but when you slow things down, you can pick up all the details—and he's very good at that.”
Yet even if he's executed all of their teaching moments perfectly, Babcock's Red Wings are a team on the brink this season, something few expected with Detroit's shift to the weaker Eastern Conference under realignment. Injuries have taken a dramatic toll, leaving the Wings with a tentative grip on sixth place in the Atlantic Division. Only two players on the roster, Drew Miller and Kyle Quincey, have played all of Detroit's first 50 games. Forwards Pavel Datsyuk, Mikael Samuelsson, Johan Franzen, Stephen Weiss, Zetterberg and Alfredsson have missed a minimum of 11 games each. And starting goaltender Jimmy Howard, currently sidelined with an injured left knee but hopeful for Sochi, has played in just 29 contests.
The model franchise now sees its mind-boggling 21-season playoff streak in jeopardy.
Lidstrom sees the problem.
“Consistency. It's hard when you have a lot of guys hurt, and you have new guys coming in. They have to know the system and know the players they're playing with—and that takes time,” the alumnus says. “When you have guys coming in and out, it ruptures your lineup. But that consistency is something that can get better.”
by
In our postmodern landscape, ‘expert' knowledge seems to be increasingly subject to the skeptical individual. Given the embeddedness of the means of knowledge production within exploitative relations of material production, sometimes this skepticism is for the better, and can serve as a stepping-stone to the critical reflection often necessary for challenging ruling ideologies. But there is also a hidden danger in the demise of expert knowledge. This same skepticism can be distorted and channelled in patterns that reaffirm and magnify inequalities. The Austin based radio show “InfoWars” achieves this distortion well. According to the data intelligence platform Quant Cast, the site reaches approximately six million viewers monthly.
Yes, this is a serious article about InfoWars. For many of us, it's easy to laugh off the unhinged theories of Alex Jones, a self-proclaimed leader of the alt right, as inconsequential and absurd. Yet, demagogues like Jones maintain formidable influence over the minds of many working class whites by channeling their frustrations in patterns that amplify raced and gendered inequality.
Under our current economic arrangement, a minute few maintain superior power and privileges over others. The elites that benefit from this arrangement use their superior power and resources to maintain material inequalities and shape dominant discourse to their benefit. Class inequality also exists within the heart and mind, and can be painted onto the body. In this way, the stratification inherent within a classed social arrangement produces a variety of physical and psychological harm for many people. Feelings of disappointment, anxiety and self-doubt can develop within the subject as they attempt to obtain normative standards of value and happiness in an arrangement that does not accommodate their efforts. In this way, class inequality is internalized, and feelings of failure are cultivated within the individual. The conditions and compulsions underwriting this individualized internalization are shaped, implemented, and upheld in dominant institutions. As far as these feelings are attributed to the subject, rather than projected on material relations, the anxiety and discontent experienced by many people solidifies, rather than challenges existing economic conditions. These harms can be channeled and directed for political gain. In the midst of emergent worker solidarity throughout the 1920s, capitalists collaborated with the KKK to construct a simplistic narrative that fostered a racist and nativist zeal, thus alleviating life's hardships and economic insecurity by providing a multitude of scapegoats on which to place one's misfortunes. This nativist and racist ideological systems serve the interests of those in power by obscuring the underlying structural sources of class injury, as workers misattribute the sources of their troubles and anxieties to groups of people they consider different.
The writers of InfoWars displace the structured nature of injuries in a similar manner to similar effects. Routinely at the center of their claims is the suggestion that the subject is not in control of their circumstances, and that there exists a group of powerful elites that control the political process, who bend truths to serve their own interests at the great expense of others. In this way, the writers of InfoWars exploit anxieties corresponding to a loss of control. By providing this alternative narrative, the writers of InfoWars present a means by which these anxieties might be assuaged, albeit in a manner that does not fundamentally deconstruct the exploitative relations of production at the heart of this loss. The mitigation and transference of injury onto racialized subjects reproduces existing systems of inequality, and the powerful actors implicated by the writers of InfoWars are not challenged in a manner that fundamentally disrupts their power. Moreover, this transference generates divisions within the working class, creating groups of hyper exploitable laborers.
It seems ironic then, that one of Jone's favorite rants involves globalization. Indeed, Jones and their followers benefit from the outsourcing of manufacturing jobs to the global south. The myriad of snake oil products offered in the InfoWars store are almost certainly produced by hyper exploited laborers abroad, and the working class whites that buy into the image of boogeymen “globalists” are the very consumers that benefit from the global transformation of labor. Jone's rhetoric is effective in that it offers comfort without confrontation. Yet, in order to truly dismantle the origins of injury, the listeners of InfoWars must recognize their participation in a global system of inequality and confront their place within an exploitative relation of production.
Matt Kemp took Jeff Samardzija deep on Saturday. In the third inning of a game played at Petco Park, the San Diego Padres outfielder deposited a slider from the San Francisco Giants righty over the left field wall. According to ESPN Home Run Tracker, the blast traveled 398 feet.
As you might expect, Samardzija wasn't pleased with the pitch. They don't feel the location was terrible, and “Shark” has a solid slider, but they regret not throwing a sinker. They explained why prior to last night's game at Fenway Park.
———
Samardzija on facing Matt Kemp on July 16, 2016: “I walked the first two guys in the first inning. Kemp came up, hitting in the three-hole, and I struck them out on five pitches. Four of the five were sinkers in that they mostly swung through. One of them they fouled off and then they struck out swinging.
“Third inning, they came up again with no one on. I threw them a slider 0-0 and they took it for a ball. I decided to throw it again on 1-0 and they hit a homer.
“When I look back at games, that's the type of thing I remember. It stands out boldly. I'm thinking to myself, ‘We just had success doing one thing and I did something else.' The old adage is that you don't change. You don't take unnecessary risks.
“In one respect, it wasn't a bad pitch. It was a strike slider. The first one was under the zone, then the second was bottom of the zone and they hit it. But there was no reason for me to change. Now, if he'd have taken the fourth sinker down and in that I threw them in the first inning, and hit it for a double down the line, then you're thinking to yourself, 'OK, let's go to another spot; let's go up on the hands or slider away.' But until someone proves to you that they can hit something, why not stay there?
“Sometimes you overthink. You give too much credit to guys or you overthink a situation. I probably told myself, ‘OK, I've thrown them five sinkers in, so he's thinking sinker in; let's go to something different.' Well, I should have stopped myself there. I should have told myself, ‘OK, they can still be looking in, but it doesn't matter, because they didn't hit it the first time.'
“I don't remember exactly what happened their third time up. It was probably nothing, otherwise I'd remember. [Kemp grounded weakly to third.] But I probably didn't throw them another slider. If I did, it was probably in the other batter's box.
“Had I looked at (the scouting data on Kemp)? The 70 pages of information you can look at? No. I've probably faced them a dozen times already this year. I have a good idea of what they can and can't hit. But you have brain farts in this game. You have momentary lapses. That what happened and I gave up a home run.”
In a dark and dusty corner of the garage is a box. The box is old, with a Pinnacle Orchards logo on top and a shipment date of December 1966. Someone in Jacksonville, FL, received fruit from Oregon that holiday season. In its 58 years, the box has housed an array of items, as shown from the scribbled handwriting on top. Decorations, at one time. Household items during another. But now the box holds letters.
They aren't mine, of course. They belong to my dad. They used to call it their “box of love letters.” And, growing up, they would tell me (with so much excitement in their voice): “When you're old enough, I'll let you go through my box.” They spoke about their box as if it contained the wonders of the world, or the secrets of a forgotten past that I'd be privy to with adulthood.
Now that I know what is inside the box, I'd say they were right.
When I first opened the box I expected to find letters from old lovers, the stuff that daughters really shouldn't read about their dads. What I found instead were snippets of the formative phases of their life, immortalized on paper. Such as their selective service registration card, dated the week of their 18th birthday in the mid 1960's, a few years before the draft. I found a newspaper article with a photo of them playing guitar at a Young Life gathering, accompanied by letters written to them about the struggles of spiritual growth during college and thanking them for their mentorship. I learned that a woman named Jeanne could have loved them in 1974 but they were not ready to settle down. Then, once they had settled down, my parents moved overseas, where they received letters in abundance from their family about life back home.
I stopped receiving letters when I was roughly 14 years old.
During that time, America Online was all the rage and emails and instant messenger soon became the new and exciting way to communicate with friends. We'd run home from school, eager to connect to this thing called the Internet with that nostalgic yet terrifying dial-up noise that sounded like the signals of an alien invasion. A couple years later, in high school, I received my first cell phone. And during my first year of college I joined a new website called Facebook which, at the time, was still restricted to university students.
We all know how this story turned out because here we are, ten years later. The past decade has brought endless changes in the way we interact with each other and the way we do business. No one can argue that technology has altered the global landscape in incredible ways, increasing efficiency and interconnectedness. At the same time, our world has become less personal as a result of communication being predominately electronic and increasingly concise.
Back to the box: Now I'm not saying I don't have a box of my own. But my collection of sentimental items consists more of objects than words, because once I reached the age where my soul started evolving in big ways, so did the world. Sure, as a society we still exchange birthday cards and thank you notes, and even the occasional handwritten letter if the situation or person calls for it. But hardcopy documents no longer serve as a mainstream form of communication; they are reserved for unique occasions. In order to fill an entire box with letters of substance—letters that truly say something—we'd have to print them.
Something else has happened, something that is more significant. What we share has changed. We aren't honest anymore. And by honesty, I really mean vulnerability… the stuff that makes us human. We have experienced a shift in our perceptions of how emotionally authentic we can be with each other. Our preference for electronic communication means that our words will be diluted whether we want them to or not. Psychologically, we are unable to connect with emails as strongly as we do with words on paper. The times may have changed the way we communicate, but they have not yet changed our needs. And this creates some substantial implications for the future, although we may fall short in understanding what these implications will be.
Although we depend on the conveniences of modern day technology, I believe that a universal sense of nostalgia resides underneath. Many people have a loved one's dusty box of letters stashed away in their garage or attic, a box they consider a treasured portal to the past. We don't know what the future of communication will look like. The “box of letters” could become a distant memory. Or, maybe, we will have learned the beauty of keeping the old with the new, of merging the conveniences of technology with our very human need for something more.
** Because I'm such a believer in the power of handwritten letters, I want to send a personalized letter of inspiration to three of you this holiday season. Simply share this post or follow me on Twitter here, *then* be sure to leave a comment below or message me on the contact page so I know you're interested & have your name for the drawing. Deadline is Friday at 5pm EST. Afterward, I'll reach out to the winners to get a mailing address and a few facts so I can craft something special. Bonus points for those of you who subscribe via RSS/email on the sidebar of my blog page. Happy Holidays!
Georgia has released D'Antne Demery from their national letter of intent following charges of domestic violence, coach Kirby Smart announced Sunday.
Demery, an offensive lineman from Brunswick, Georgia, was charged with misdemeanor simple battery and criminal trespass for allegedly choking and shoving their girlfriend, who is also the mother of their 1-month-old child. They were arrested by Athens-Clarke County police around 9:30 p.m. Saturday and transferred to jail, where they were released on $1,500 bond Sunday afternoon.
According to details of an incident report provided to ESPN by an Athens-Clarke County police spokesperson, officers were dispatched to a Waffle House because of a report of a man "choking [strangling] a female." Demery and the woman had left the restaurant by the time officers arrived, but they called 911 and said they wanted to press criminal charges against Demery for hitting them
According to a statement the woman provided to police officers, they and Demery argued and they "began to get loud," so they walked away. They alleged that Demery then told her, "Walk off again, and Imma show you." As they continued to leave, according to police, Demery "came from behind her; grabbing them on the back of their neck; pushing them against the wall, and also grabbing them by the hair."
After friends separated them, the report said, Demery approached the woman again, throwing them and causing their glasses to fall off. They also dropped their cellphone, which caused its screen to crack.
According to police, an independent witness saw the incident take place.
Police officers contacted Demery, and they admitted to having contact with the woman, the report said. The woman told police that Demery had also been physically violent with them in the past.
Demery, 6-foot-6 and 319 pounds, was ranked the No. 195 prospect nationally in the ESPN 300 and the 24th-best player in Georgia.
In May 2015, Georgia officials proposed a conference-wide rule that was eventually adopted by the SEC that banned its schools from accepting transfer athletes who were dismissed from their previous institution for serious misconduct, which includes sexual assault, domestic violence or other forms of sexual violence.
Georgia officials proposed the rule after it dismissed defensive lineman Jonathan Taylor in 2014, after they were arrested and charged with a felony for allegedly hitting their girlfriend with a closed fist and choking them during an argument in their dorm room.
Taylor spent the 2014 season at Copiah-Lincoln Community College in Mississippi and enrolled at Alabama in January 2015. The Crimson Tide dismissed them two months later after they were arrested again on domestic violence charges in Tuscaloosa. Taylor pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of criminal mischief in the Alabama incident, and they pleaded guilty to misdemeanor simple assault, battery and simple battery in the Georgia incident.
The SEC considered expanding the rule to include incoming freshmen last year, after Mississippi State allowed first-year student defensive lineman Jeffery Simmons to enroll. They were caught on video delivering several punches to the upper body and head of a woman who was on the ground after they fought with their sister.
Daniel J. Harrington, S.J., a Jesuit priest, professor of New Testament at Boston College (and the Weston Jesuit School of Theology), longtime editor of New Testament Abstracts, former columnist for "The Word," America's Scripture column, and one of the world's leading New Testament scholars, died yesterday at the Jesuit infirmary of the New England Province of the Society of Jesus, in Weston, Mass. I believe them to have been a saint.
Here is a tribute I wrote for them on the occasion of a celebration of their life at Boston College's School of Theology and Ministry in the fall. All of us were so happy that Dan was there to witness our affection and gratitude. May they rest in peace with the Lord they loved so much.
Advertisement
James Martin, S.J.
. . . . .
Speaking the Word of God
A Tribute to Daniel J. Harrington, S.J.
I don't think I can properly thank Dan Harrington for all they have done for me, for my brother Jesuits, for all of their students, for Catholic scholars, and for Christians around the world—not to mention all the people who have ever heard them preach at Mass. Father Harrington has taught Jesus in their classes, in their books and, most of all, with their life.  They are one of the finest Jesuits, the finest priests, and finest people, I've ever known.
I cannot properly thank him, but I can tell you something about what Dan has meant to me, and what they have done for just one individual. Any of their students, Jesuit brothers and academic colleagues could tell similar stories.
When I started out as a student at Weston Jesuit School of Theology, I was told by many Jesuits that I should take as many courses with Dan Harrington as I could. “Even when,” said one friend, and I remember this well, “you're not interested in the topic at all. If Dan is teaching a class in how to change a tire, take it!”
So the first time it was offered at Weston, I signed up for Dan's “Introduction to the New Testament,” NT 101, along with what seemed like half of Weston's student body and half the students at Harvard Divinity School. It's not a stretch to say that their course changed my life. I had never really studied the New Testament before, and neither had some of my classmates, and blessed were we that our first exposure to studying the Gospels was through the eyes of someone who so loved them and knew them, and who so loved Jesus and knew Jesus.
Today I feel like I see the Gospels through Dan's eyes. That may sound odd, but what I mean is that I see the Gospels with both the eyes of faith and a critical mind. Dan's approach was sensible, moderate, scholarly, curious, just, balanced, cautious, generous but, above all, faithful.
Stories about Dan's legendary prowess in the classroom are well known. You could probably tell them yourselves. They often taught in threes, so I'll give you three things I most remember.
One: Dan was always was clear—which was an immense asset to their students. During a course in Paul's Letter to the Romans, they once summarized the theology of that entire text as follows: “Freed from sin, death and the Law, freed for life in the Spirit.” Perfect. Those kinds of clear, simple, direct statements, backed up by vast learning, are incredibly helpful to students and, as such, are often indelible. Clarity is an underappreciated virtue in the academy. It's a gift to students.
Two: Dan was exceedingly patient. Despite their erudition, there was never any question that was too basic or too elementary. They answered all of them thoughtfully, generously and of course accurately, which meant that everyone felt respected and valued—another gift.
And no question was too far out. Dan was exceedingly patient even with students who occasionally seemed intent on trying to impress him, or, just as often, the rest of the class. One day in NT 101 a student stood up and said, “Father Harrington, considering what the Gospels tell us about Jesus's prayer, and about their identity as the fully human Son of God, and in light of how Christian theology understands their relationship to the Father, and also of how human consciousness cooperated with what one might term divine foreknowledge, what was going on in Jesus' mind at this point in the Gospels?” And Dan said, politely, “Well, we have no idea.”
And there was no question too obscure. In their class on Romans, a student asked whether Paul's image of a branch grafted onto the olive bush was inaccurate—in real life, they said, you can't really graft it like that. Apparently, we had an expert in horticulture in the class. So Dan said, “Does anyone have this and such reference book with them today?” Someone did, and Dan said something like, “Flip open to the chapter on Romans 11, you'll find a very interesting footnote on that.” So the fellow who had the book, flipped through it, as we all waited and said, exultantly, “Here it is! He's right!”
Dan is part of a generation of Jesuits whose time is passing, and I say that less in a melancholy sense than in a grateful one. Entering the Jesuits at age 18 meant that Dan had a great deal of time as a young adult to study languages and texts and traditions, to a depth and degree that Jesuits who enter later in life, as men do these days, simply do not. In an oral history done for the New England Province this year, Dan recounted reading St. John's Gospel in Greek, as part of a class in their Jesuit novitiate: “Wow,” Dan said, “What a great experience! There was no going back.” For the next several years, in the Jesuit formation course, as well as at Harvard, and in Jerusalem, Dan studied with the very best scholars. So behind Dan's clear and direct statements which they made easy for us to grasp, was decades of learning.
In a sense, it was like Jesus's use of the parables—communicating complicated truths to us in simple ways, in ways that we could understand. As with Jesus's parables, this was a great act of charity and love.
I was, in fact, so moved by their classes that I started to think that maybe I'd like to do further studies in the NT. What could be better? Maybe I could do an S.T.L. or even a Ph.D.
But the third attribute is, to me, is the greatest mark of their love of the Gospels. That is, three: Dan is a kind person. That's what I most admire about him. I think Dan is one of the kindest and most generous people I've ever met.
About a year into my time at Weston, I developed something called carpal tunnel syndrome. It was very painful and, at the time, I could barely use my hands. I couldn't even hold a pen properly. Funny enough, I was in the middle of Dan's course “Suffering and Salvation.” A Jesuit friend of mine said, “You should get extra credit.”
As a result, in the middle of my M.Div. studies, I found I couldn't write, I couldn't type, and, worst of all, I couldn't figure out what to do. I briefly thought of asking my Jesuit provincial to let me take a leave from studies. So much for an S.T.L. or a Ph.D. in New Testament.
When I was nearly at the end of my rope, my faculty adviser said the only thing to do was to ask to take the tests orally, and finishing my papers orally, which I saw as a huge embarrassment, but which my friends urged me to request. The first teacher I went to was Dan. I remember being extremely embarrassed, and even ashamed, and hemming and hawing and telling this scholar who wrote so many books, and who worked so hard, how I couldn't type. And I asked him, “How would you feel if instead of writing papers, I came in and delivered them orally.”
And they said, “That would be fine, Jim.”
Then they added, “But I'll really miss reading your papers.”
It was the kindest thing anyone could say. Dan wasn't going to learn anything at all from my papers—nothing! But it was so generous and thoughtful and Christian. I've never forgotten that.
Later on, after my ordination, when it came to understanding the Gospels—whether in preaching and in praying or writing—I used all the tools Dan had given me. And, as I said, I always saw the New Testament through their eyes.
Still later, I screwed up my courage and asked Dan to review the books I wrote for their Scripture content. Any time I used Scripture in any of my books, I'd send the manuscript to Dan and back it would come, usually in a week or so, with a neatly typed-up list of all the multiple errors I had made as well as suggestions for clarification. They have done the same with every book, including a book on Jesus that I just finished, even in the midst of their illness.
Clear, patient, kind. Generous, friendly, mild. Prayerful, faithful, hardworking. The model Jesuit, to my mind.
Let me end though with another story, and with Dan's words.
Towards the end of my time at Weston, I edited a book on how people of different faiths find God. Editing a book is easy as long as you get the right people. So I told Dan that I was doing this book, and I was looking for some Scripture scholars to talk about finding God through the Bible. But I already had too many Jesuits in the book, I thought, so I wasn't going to ask Dan. But all my friends said, “You idiot! Ask Dan!” And I said, “No, no, I have too many Jesuits already.” So one day after class, I asked Dan if they could recommend one or two Scripture scholars. They did, and I wrote them letters and they sent back essays which were good, but really didn't seem to get to the heart of finding God in Scripture.
A few weeks later, at 3 Phillips Place, at the old Weston, Dan said, “Jim, have you found any Scripture scholars for your book?” And I said, “No Dan, I'm still looking for one that will fit the bill. Do you know anyone else?” “Sure,” they said, and recommended another scholar. In a few weeks I got another essay that was good, but didn't still answer the question. Shortly afterwards, I met them going up the stairs of 3 Phillips Place, and they said, “Have you found any Scripture scholars for your book?” and I remember looking at them and thinking, “Jim, you idiot! Ask Dan!”
And I said, “No, Dan would you be able to do it?”
And they said, “I'd love to.”
The next day in my mailbox box a little letter appeared, with a perfectly typed answer that made me cry. I think it's the best thing I've ever read on Scripture, and most Jesuits tell me, “You know Jim, some of those other essays in the book were nice, but that one is amazing.”
Dan starts off their essay (available here as a pdf) with their trademark clarity, “I find God largely in and through the Bible,” they write. “Most of my academic, spiritual and pastoral life revolves around the Bible. It is for me the most important way to know, love and serve God.”
Then they tell us a story. As a young boy, Dan stuttered. One day, they read in the newspaper something surprising: Moses had stuttered. Dan didn't know that, but they looked it up in the Bible and there it was: Moses says, “I am slow of speech and slow of tongue.”
Dan read that story over and over, they said, and it made a deep impression on him. In their essay Dan goes on to talk about the ways that they have been able to study the Bible, and to teach the Bible, and even offers as an aside a great little précis, in their clear way, of lectio divina.
Then, at the end of the essay, Dan brings their life full circle:
The God of the Bible is the God of Jesus Christ. I experience God in and through the Bible and my life. It is my privilege as a Jesuit priest to study and teach Scripture, to proclaim and preach God's word, and to celebrate the church's liturgies (which are largely cast in the language of the Bible). In the midst of these wonderful activities (which are my greatest joy), I occasionally stutter. And this brings me back to where my spiritual journey with the Bible began. Though I am slow of speech and tongue like Moses, I still hear the words of Exodus 4:11-12: "Who gives speech to mortals? Who makes them mute or deaf, seeing or blind? Is it not I, the Lord? Now go, and I will be with your mouth and teach you what you are to speak."
Thank you, Dan, for your for allowing the Lord to teach you to speak.
Five carved stone balls are part of the collection at the Ashmolean Museum that were discovered in Scotland (Kincardineshire, Aberdeenshire and Banff). The purpose of those objects is unknown and is baffling archaeologists.
They are made of different stones like sandstone and granite and they are dated back to the Neolithic period between 3000 and 2000 BC. More than 400 stones have been found in Scotland and, including the five stones of the Ashmolean Museum, they have something peculiar about them.
Just recently, scientists have created 3D models of the enigmatic stone balls. Their new models also show some previously hidden patterns and other details that could not be appreciated by the naked eye. In total, 60 models have been made, including the most famous of the stone ball collection, the Towie ball .
As you can see in the picture, there are engraved symmetrical patterns around the surface of the stones.
Most of the stones are of similar size with a diameter of 70mm with the exception of a few larger ones up to 114mm in diameter. The number of knobs on the stones varies from 4 up to 33 with some of the stones also including strange spiral patterns. The stone in the image was found at Skara Brae on Orkney and dates back to 3400 to 2000 BC.
Another famous stone is the Towie Stone that was found on Glas Hill in Aberdeenshire. It is about 3 inches in diameter and contains three embossed round surfaces but each surface includes multiple spiral-like symbols. This stone is also dated back to 2500 to 1900 BC.
The five stones of the Ashmolean museum were part of the collection of Sir John Evans who thought that they have been used probably during war attached to a thong. However such an explanation doesn't make sense because a) the stones found have zero damage on them, which wouldn't be the case if they were thrown during war times and b) it would require much skill to prepare even one of those stones just to throw them to the enemy.
Other explanations include that they were used as weights for fishing nets or had a ceremonial role giving the holder the right to speak. But again using the stones as weight wouldn't explain the complexity of making them.
There is another possible explanation though. Could they be models of the nucleus of atoms? Such a representation of atoms has been widely used in our times as shown in the example image on the left. Is it possible that whoever made those objects had knowledge of chemistry and could represent the atomic structure of different atoms?
At the very least, the embossed symmetrical patterns suggest that whoever made those objects had knowledge of geometry and may even have been able to represent the platonic solids , regular, convex polyhedrons where the ­­faces are congruent, regular polygons, with the same number of faces meeting at each vertex. But in all those cases we know during the Neolithic period that such a knowledge couldn't exist…. or could it?
For now, their true purpose remains a mystery.
By John Black
Related Links
Carved Stone Balls from Scotland
Prehistoric Artifacts Out of Nowhere
Scottish Neolithic carved stone balls
Credit: Brandon Reese / Tennessean
The two teenage boys were allegedly caught on film as they walked along a mountain trail and threw lit matches into the forest.
According to a new report published by The Tennessean, the two teenagers, aged 15 and 17, were both arrested and charged with aggravated arson this week after an investigation was launched following horrifying fires that swept through Eastern Tennessee and nearly destroyed the entire town of Gatlinburg.
As reported, several sources who are “familiar with the teenagers and the investigation but not authorized to speak publicly about the case” opened up to the publication about the fires and the teen's involvement.
The fire, which originated around the Chimney Tops hiking trail, spread quickly throughout Eastern Tennessee and engulfed thousands of acres, killing 14 people and destroying more than 2,400 homes and business in the area.
These sources state the boys were hiking in the Chimney Tops area on November 23rd “and tossing lit matches onto the ground around the trail”.
Surprisingly, an unwitting hiker photographing the area captured the pair of teenagers in a photo as they walked down the trail with smoke billowing in the background. The sources stated that the clothing worn in the photograph was used to identify them during the investigation.
The older boy is alleged to be the child of an Anderson County Sheriff's Office employee and it has been revealed by sources that the two are friends, however, they may end up being charged differently as Tennessee law allows only for the oldest to be charged as an adult for the aggravated arson.
It has been reported that the two boys are currently detained in the Sevier County Juvenile Center.
Attorney General Jimmy Dunn said during a press conference that authorities are considering more charges for the boys and that trying them in court as adults is possible, adding “all options are on the table”.
As it stands now, the boys have not been charged with murder, however under state law, aggravated arson is a charge that can sustain a felony murder charge if the death were caused by the arson. In this case, both boys could be charged with a possible 14 felony murder charges on top of the aggravated arson.
If convicted, they could find themselves liable not only for the murders and fire, but all of the civil consequences as a result of their alleged actions.
Interestingly, the report by The Tennessean states that if felony murder charges are brought against the boys, the actions or inactions of the National Park Service in their handling of the original fire at Chimney Tops will be considered in the judge's decision to allow the charges.
Honda has started rolling the first US specification FCX Clarity hydrogen fuel cell sedans off a production line in Japan to be delivered to a small group of hand-picked high-profile California test customers. Leases to these customers, including Jamie Lee Curtis, are scheduled to begin in July.
The combined sales plan for the US and Japan calls for a few dozen to be leased the first year with about 200 total units leased over the next three years.
The FCX Clarity was designed from scratch as a dedicated fuel cell vehicle and is powered by the relatively compact Honda V Flow fuel cell stack. With a 280 mile range per tankful of hydrogen, Honda claims it has a miles-per-gallon-gasoline-equivalent (GGE) fuel economy rating of 74 mpg (how's that for a confusing tongue twister of a concept?).
Honda chose California as the starting place for the roll-out because, currently, California has the best liquid hydrogen distribution network in all of the US — with plans to expand the existing network of hydrogen fueling stations even more.
Hydrogen fuel cells create electricity to run a vehicle in the same way as a battery powered vehicle. However, fuel cells need to have their electricity generating substance (e.g. hydrogen) constantly replenished, whereas batteries are a closed system that can be recharged by plugging them into an outlet.
To accommodate the special equipment needed in hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, Honda has designed and built a new dedicated assembly line. The assembly line includes processes for installing the fuel cell stack and hydrogen tank. Because of the potentially explosive nature of storing compressed liquid hydrogen on board, the attention to detail must be very high.
Obviously, the adoption of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles at any meaningful level is going to be entirely dependent upon accessibility to compressed liquid hydrogen refueling stations (unless hydrogen can truly be produced in large enough quantities in the vehicle and on-demand by some other means). This is no small road block and it leaves me still wondering if hydrogen fuel cell vehicles will ever really make it big.
But I guess it's a good thing to research all the different possibilities for cars of the future. Eventually a few technologies will settle out as the winners and the world will be better off for it. I could be eating my words in 10 years, but I just don't think hydrogen fuel cells are going to be one of those winners though.
Posts related to Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Vehicles:
Image Credit: Honda Motor Company
THE Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is preparing to sign an agreement with the government that is meant to end decades of conflict in the south of the Philippines. Government leaders hope that the rebel group will begin disarming in May. The southern region of Mindanao is home to most of the predominantly Catholic country's Muslim minority. The MILF is the most important in a range of armed groups that have been fighting for independence for the majority-Muslim areas. After 18 years of negotiations, often interrupted by heavy fighting, the government and the MILF concluded the last and most crucial part of a four-part peace agreement on January 25th.
The first three parts gave autonomy—not independence—to the mainly Muslim areas, in return for peace. The fourth sets out how the government and the MILF will jointly restore order in the autonomous entity, to be called Bangsamoro. It also lays out how the 12,000 or so MILF fighters will put down their weapons, once all the other groups have been disarmed. This is the nub of the agreement.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
That the negotiators have got this far demonstrates the determination of both sides, weary from 46 years of a conflict that has killed tens of thousands. A few obstacles remain. Hostilities have not yet ceased. Two days after the agreement, the army assaulted a stronghold of a faction of the MILF, known as the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF), that rejects the agreement. The army said it boffed 37 rebels, a claim they rejected.
Then there is the question of a constitution for Bangsamoro that must be drafted and enacted by the national Congress. Anyone who does not like the peace agreement may challenge it in the (predominantly Catholic) courts. But the main Philippine parties are spurred on by the hope that peace will allow Mindanao to unlock its considerable mineral and agricultural wealth. America stands ready to help financially in the hope that economic growth will prevent parts of Mindanao from harbouring Islamists.
Perhaps the biggest obstacle will be the rebels' resistance to disarmament. Some of the reasons are cultural. In parts of Mindanao the concept of manhood is tied up with owning a gun. Some resistance to disarmament is political. Communist guerrillas still infest the island, and their leaders are reluctant to talk peace. Other factions of the MILF that are unhappy with the peace agreement may follow the BIFF's lead. The MILF itself began as a faction that splintered from the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF), which accepted autonomy for some largely Muslim areas in a peace agreement with the government in 1996. Now the MNLF is upset that the autonomous entity created by the 1996 agreement is to be supplanted by this new Bangsamoro. In September one of the MNLF's factions protested with a show of force in the southern city of Zamboanga, in which 24o people were killed over three weeks. Abu Sayyaf is another armed Muslim group, which America linked to al-Qaeda after 2001. Some resistance to disarmament will also come from common criminals. Mindanao is awash with armed gangs of kidnappers and extortionists.
It is little wonder, then, that the MILF has agreed to lay down its weapons only once everybody else has. Peace between the MILF and the government is one thing; peace in Mindanao is another.
The eagerly awaited first foldable smartphone from Samsung may be one of the most exciting Android handsets expected in 2018, but it may become one of the rarest. Those who want to get a hold of the South Korean's next step will need the quickness of a falcon and the cunning of a fox if Samsung chooses a limited release.
There is a growing expectation that Samsung's work on a foldable display that can be integrated into a smartphone is reaching a point where it can be integrated into a consumer handset. From an increase in the number of certifications given to the SM-G888N0 - believed to be the model number of the folding phone - to the quotes from Samsung's executive staff, momentum behind the presumptively named ‘Galaxy X' is building.
And fans of bleeding-edge technology better get ready from the mother of all unicorn hunts, because the Galaxy X could be one of the most difficult Galaxy handsets to obtain.
If Samsung is risking a reveal of the Galaxy X in the first half of 2018, my thinking is that the hardware will be on show at CES. Waiting until MWC would force it into a head to head with the Galaxy S9. As Apple has found with the iPhone X being announced alongside the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, you need to give your handsets room to breathe so their individual benefits can stand out.
Showing off the Galaxy X at CES confirms Samsung's proficiency and vision in the display market (which can be used in more areas than just smartphones and mobile devices). There's still a danger that it could overshadow the presumptively named Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus which are expected to be announced just before MWC 2018. Given the six-week gap between the events the geekerati may get very flustered but the memory of the general public may be more forgiving… especially as they are unlikely to see ‘That One With The Fold' in-store.
I would be surprised if a folding Galaxy X smartphone was available in large quantities. This is a new area of technology that needs to be tested in the real world, so restricting it to one or two key markets would be wise. It's also going to require some user education in the advantages and quirks of a device with a changeable form factor. Finally, Samsung will not want the Galaxy X to take away from the potential sales of the upcoming Galaxy S9 flagship.
Taking those factors into account and previous reporting from the likes of The Korea Herald that production would be on the order of 100,000 devices, the expectation for the Galaxy X is as a limited-run device in a single territory - more than likely the home territory of South Korea. That follows the pattern of the first curved screen display on a Samsung device, with 2014's Note Edge's available in South Korean and India, but not making a worldwide release.
No matter when Samsung decides to reveal the X, the chances are it's going to be a collector's item before it hits retail shelves. If you want a piece of the next-generation of display technology, you'll have to be fast.
Now read more about the possible launch date of the Galaxy X…
A police car explodes after being set on fire during an unauthorised counter-demonstration against police violence in Paris on May 18, 2016.
After weeks of nearly continuous and often violent protests against contested labour reforms in France, exhausted police officers hit the streets on Wednesday to denounce a wave of “anti-cop hate” they say is sweeping across the country.
ADVERTISING Read more
Police unions rallied members in Place de la République in Paris starting at 12 noon, and in front of police stations in the rest of France.
They were protesting against rising hostility toward law enforcement personnel and demanding more leeway from authorities to detain “casseurs”, a French term to designate a radical minority that “breaks” public or private property during demonstrations and, according to police, instigates confrontations with security forces.
The place chosen by police in the French capital is significant. Place de la République became a symbolic rallying point after the January 2015 Charlie Hebdo terrorist attacks and, in recent months, turned into ground zero for “Nuit Débout” – a protest movement likened to Spain's Indignados and Occupy Wall Street.
Since March 9, the iconic square has often been the starting point for weekly demonstrations against a bill that students and labour unions have labelled an assault on worker's rights and that is bitterly defended by the Socialist government – demonstrations that have become increasingly violent as opposing sides dig in their heels.
“There has been a spike in violence in recent weeks,” Grégory Goupil, a representative for the Alliance national police union told FRANCE 24. “Even during today's demonstration a police car was set on fire, and two colleagues had to be rushed from the scene.”
Quai de Valmy, une voiture de policiers en feu. #ManifPolice pic.twitter.com/ApRDoeNkFZ — Sihame Assbague (@s_assbague) 18 May 2016
Amid the ongoing unrest, French prosecutors began filing legal charges against violent protesters.
On Tuesday, a court in the northern city of Lille sentenced a 26-year-old man to spend five months behind bars for injuring a police officer during a demonstration on March 31. The protester threw a metal barrier at the officer during clashes between security forces and a group of protesters.
Over the weekend, an 18-year-old high school student was formally charged with attempted homicide in a case of protester violence that has drawn even wider attention. Prosecutors say the young man was part of a group that surrounded a lone police officer on the sidelines of a protest in the western city of Nantes on May 3.
They knocked the officer down, then attempted to remove their safety helmet and hit them in the skull with a metal rod, according to prosecutors. The police officer suffered a fractured nose and needed 15 stitches. The student, who was getting ready for school exams, had no previous police record.
Police say such incidents are not isolated. At protests they are routinely confronted with rocks, large metal ball bearings and powerful firecrackers being launched at them. Around 300 police officers have been injured during protests in the past two months, according to France's interior ministry.
Escalating violence
Police are not innocent victims of violence but the main perpetrators of escalating hostilities, protesters counter in a debate fuelled by pictures and videos shared on the Internet.
A police officer was caught on video punching a defenceless 15-year-old student on the sidelines of a protest in Paris, provoking widespread indignation at the start of protests against the labour reforms. The video, which did not show how or why the teen was restrained initially, shows two police officers pick them up off the pavement, while a third knocks them back down with a blow to the face.
In late April, a 20-year-old protester lost the use of their left eye after they were clubbed by police in the head in the city of Rennes. Both those incidents sparked investigations by French authorities.
The Twitter account Violences Policières, or Police Violence, has since early April posted almost daily pictures of wounds allegedly inflicted on protesters by police batons and rubber bullets. It includes a few videos of purported journalists being targeted by police for filming those crackdowns.
French NGO the Human Rights League earlier this month called for a parliamentary investigation into cases of police violence, citing “routine abuses” and “disproportionate force” when responding to unruly behavior.
“Our guys are worn out, and sometimes mistakes are made, punches are thrown,” a 25-year-old police officer attending Wednesday's rally, and who asked for their name to be withheld, told FRANCE 24. “But the videos never show the full story. I wish people would see how we are pushed to the limit.”
Police have responded by releasing their own videos and pictures. One clip caught on camera shows riot police in late April retreating from a barricade in Nantes after a loud and fiery explosion, and police Twitter accounts show pictures of projectiles, including small fuel canisters, hurled at them.
28 04 #manif bombe incendiaire et détonante (filtre gasoil rempli essence) jetée sur forces de l'ordre, rue J-Jaures pic.twitter.com/02L0ZVIgER — Police nationale 35 (@PNationale35) 28 avril 2016
Ready for Euro 2016?
Police have taken particular offence to a poster by the CGT union that accuses police of violence and of failing their responsibilities. “Police are supposed to protect citizens, not beat them. Stop the violence,” the poster reads, using a bloodied pavement as a background.
“We're outraged that some groups, some members of the press are singling us out as if we were the thugs, as if we were provoking the violence. We don't need that,” Alliance's Goupil said.
The police union representative admitted undercover cops infiltrate protests, but that such practices were in line with their work and were necessary to “gather information” and “identify certain individuals”. “We are not there to provoke violence, that has not been the case as long as I've worked,” they insisted.
An opinion poll published in Le Parisien daily newspaper on Wednesday showed that up to 82 percent of French people had a positive image of police, compared to only 65 percent of people before the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
Goupil said that anti-cop hatred by a small but “increasingly visible” segment of French society was only the latest concern for them and fellow officers, confirming reports that forces have been stretched thin after a ramp up in security last year.
“After Charlie Hebdo we have had more sensitive locations to patrol, more individuals to protect and we're constantly in the field,” they said. “We're out of breath."
The officer said they were encouraged by a new hiring push, but warned mandatory training meant new recruits would not join police ranks before six months to a full year. Before then, French law enforcement will be called on to provide security during this summer's European Championship football tournament.
“We know there will be all these venues to secure, thousands of tourists to protect,” Goupil said. “Frankly we're worried."
A man with assault weapons and a camouflage outfit in their car was arrested early Sunday, and initially said they wanted to attack the Los Angeles Gay Pride parade in West Hollywood, police said.
According to the Santa Monica Police Department, 20-year-old James Wesley Howell of Indiana had pipe bomb material in their trunk along with three assault rifles and high-capacity ammunition magazines.
“Man told @SantaMonicaPD officer of wanting to harm Gay Pride event during arrest for weapons and explosive materials possession,” tweeted Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks.
However, their department later clarified that they only meant that they were going to the parade.
The arrest came as Omar Mateen, a man who reportedly pledged allegiance to Islamic State, attacked an Orlando gay club, killing 50 people and wounding 53 more in the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil since Sept. 11, 2001.
There was no immediate indication of any link between the Santa Monica arrests and the Orlando attack or any suggestion of ties between Mr. Howell and Islamism as Mateen seemed to have.
“We believe [the arrests are] completely unrelated,” Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said at the opening of the parade, which went ahead as scheduled under tightened security.
Organizers of the Los Angeles parade said in a statement that “our brave founders made this happen to show the world who we are.”
“We will be loud. We will be proud, and we will celebrate in honor of all those lost,” the statement said, dedicating the parade to the Orlando victims.
Mr. Howell was first reported as a prowler around 3 a.m. by neighbors who noted they had parked a white Acura sedan the wrong way, officials said.
Heriberto Gomez said to reporters that the man with the car saw them and then ran across the street and hid in bushes, looking back at Mr. Gomez.
“I was looking at them for a minute, for a long minute,” Mr. Gomez said. “He didn't want to come my way because they have seen me standing right here.”
Santa Monica Police Lt. Saul Rodriguez told reporters that when officers arrived to investigate, an assault rifle was visible in Mr. Howell's passenger seat.
That prompted a thorough search of the vehicle and the reported statement about targeting the Gay Pride Parade, about seven miles away.
The FBI has taken over the lead of the investigation from the local police. Indiana State Police Capt. Dave Bursten referred all questions from The Associated Press about the investigation to authorities in California.
A Facebook page that is apparently Mr. Howell‘s, AP reported, shows a white Acura like the vehicle seized in California and pictures that resemble the police photo. The Facebook page shows no evidence of antipathy for gays or interest in Islamism.
According to the page, Mr. Howell lives in Jeffersonville, Indiana, and went to high school in Louisville, Kentucky. They have a job as an auditor at a air-filtration products company after having worked as a security guard.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Alberta's ruling New Democratic Party hoodwinked voters into believing it would lean only slightly left and is now implementing "hard-core ideological" policies, according to the province's Official Opposition.
Derek Fildebrandt, a Wildrose Party member of the legislature and finance critic, on Friday said they expected the NDP to be a "centre-left" government when it was elected, but that Premier Rachel Notley has turned away from embracing moderation. They cited the government's decision to increase the minimum wage as an example. The NDP campaigned on a pledge to raise minimum wage. The MLA, however, argued the NDP never planned to follow through on its promises.
"The NDP platform was never intended to ever be implemented. The NDP platform was a hard-core ideological document" that was meant to pull the then-ruling Progressive Conservative Party "in a particular direction," Mr. Fildebrandt told reporters after Ms. Notley delivered a speech to 1,600 members of Calgary's business community.
Story continues below advertisement
"It was never actually meant to be implemented as real policy."
Asked why they believed this was the NDP's strategy, Mr. Fildebrandt said: "I think Rachel Notley themselves said that they did not fully expect – they were not confident or even really expecting – to win government when they became the Leader of the NDP."
Ms. Notley raised corporate taxes to 12 per cent from 10 per cent on July 1, again following through on a campaign promise. The Premier, who was elected in May, will table their first budget on Oct. 27. The Conservatives ruled Alberta for more than 40 years, and while voters punted them to third place in the legislature the business community was comfortable with the Tories at the helm.
The Premier has spent their first four months in office trying to reassure oil and gas executives that they understand how important the energy industry is to Alberta's economy and that they want to work with them. Calgary's Chamber of Commerce played host to Friday's business luncheon, and the audience remained tepid. The government is reviewing its royalty payment structure for oil and gas, as well as considering new rules tied to greenhouse-gas emissions.
Them critics, whether in business or politics, focus on these two reviews and fear the NDP will pass royalty and carbon legislation that will inflict serious harm on energy companies and therefore the province. Executives have threatened to cut investment in the province and argue that they can't make financial decisions without knowing what the new rules will be.
Ms. Notley assured Friday's quiet audience the NDP will consider the "collective impact" of its policies before passing legislation tied to royalties and carbon emissions.
"We want to … grow business, we want to support those businesses that are struggling right now with the downturn in the economy, and we want to grow jobs and we want to protect jobs," they said. "Failing to move on climate change will actually generate more instability."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The NDP in August said the forthcoming budget could include a deficit of as much as $6.5-billion if the energy industry continues to struggle. This is roughly $1.1-billion higher than its previous forecast. Thousands of Albertans have been laid off as a result of the 15-month slump in oil markets. Wildrose, along with critics in the oil and gas sector, warn that businesses are nervous about spending money because the NDP has not fully rolled out its policies.
"[Businesses] are not investing right now because they are uncertain about the direction of this province," Wildrose's Mr. Fildebrandt said. Some companies, however, are using the downturn to their advantage. Suncor Energy Inc. on Monday made an all-paper $4.3-billion hostile bid for Canadian Oil Sands Ltd., which owns the largest slice of Syncrude Canada Ltd. Suncor in September picked up an additional 10 per cent of the undeveloped Fort Hills oil sands mine for $310-million. The seller, France's Total SA, remains a partner in the major project.
"This is not a business-friendly government," Mr. Fildebrandt said. "We've heard some business-friendly rhetoric, finally. But we've not seen business-friendly actions. It is a party that is instinctively anti-business and anti-capitalism."
Two Roy Moore campaign staffers "manhandled" two photojournalists from Fox News in Alabama on Monday night, the network said.
Videos of the altercation backed up the network's account of what happened.
The camera crews were trying to get a shot of Moore arriving at a rally in Henagar, Alabama -- their first public campaign event in 11 days.
The Moore staffers "decided to push the cameras back and physically manhandle two Fox News photographers, pushing them away and grabbing their cameras," Fox News correspondent Jonathan Serrie said on the air Monday night.
A Fox producer intervened. The photojournalists were not injured.
Related: James O'Keefe on the defensive after failed anti-Post plot
Several women have accused Moore of having pursued relationships with them when they were in their 30s and they were teenagers. One of the women was 14 years old at the time that, they allege, they sexually assaulted them
Moore has denied the allegations and avoided the news media during the final stretch of their campaign for a vacant U.S. Senate seat. They have also refused to debate their opponent, Democratic candidate Doug Jones.
Because Moore has held so few public events, journalists flocked to the event in Henagar with the hopes of hearing their remarks and asking them questions.
When it became clear that Moore was arriving through a side entrance, not the front door, camera crews scrambled to catch up to them -- and that's when the situation got tense.
One of the reporters who shared video of the scuffle, Connor Sheets, said one of the campaign staffers "physically attacked a cameraman."
Fox called it an "altercation" and noted that the photojournalists were standing on public property at a city-owned community center.
Serrie said on the air, "It's not unusual for people to get bumped around a bit in the media scrum. This was not a scrum though. It is highly unusual for members of a political campaign to physically engage in this manner with members of the press."
Moore campaign chairperson Bill Armistead told the network that the campaign "certainly doesn't condone any pushing or shoving of anyone, certainly not reporters or anyone else." The Moore campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN.
Inside the event, Moore compared the allegations against them to the ongoing probes into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Afterward, "he took no questions from the media and no questions from the audience," Serrie pointed out.
An Iowa state senator recently introduced a bill that would require all prospective faculty members to disclose their political affiliations to ensure ideological diversity.
In fact, the bill filed Monday by Republican Senator Mark Chelgren, SF 288, even stipulates that “a person shall not be hired as a professor or instructor” if that “person's political party affiliation on the date of hire would cause the percentage of the faculty belonging to one political party to exceed by 10 percent the percentage of the faculty belonging to the other political party.”
“They want to have people of different thinking, different processes, different expertise...”
Prospective faculty, though, would be afforded the likely-popular choice of declaring “no party affiliation,” and thus would “not be considered in determining the political party composition of the faculty.”
[RELATED: Liberal profs outnumber conservatives 28-1 in New England]
Chelgren's controversial legislation does, however, contain a provision under which “the state commissioner of elections” would be obligated to “furnish, free of charge, voter registration records to the institutions of higher learning.”
Voters in Iowa are not required to disclose their party affiliation when registering to vote, but primary and caucus elections are only open to voters who officially identify with the party holding them.
The bill would only apply to institutions governed by the Iowa Board of Regents, those being the University of Iowa, Iowa State University, and the University of Northern Iowa, but the Board has already expressed its distaste for the proposed measure.
“The Board of Regents is opposed to the bill,” spokesperson Josh Lehman told The Washington Post. “We expect our universities to hire the most qualified faculty to teach our students, and we believe in diversity of thought.”
Chelgren also faces strong Democratic opposition from their Senate colleagues, including one who called the proposal “one of the worst ideas” he's heard during their tenure.
[RELATED: 99.51 percent of top liberal arts prof contributions go to Dems]
"To establish quotas by political party association in academic departments would just destroy our public universities," Senator Herman Quirmbach told WHO TV. "It's one of the worst ideas I've heard in 15 years here."
Quirmbach also finds the bill's “practical implementation…impossible,” since voters can “change their political party registration just by filing a new voter registration card.”
Others, like Rep. Mary Mascher, think Chelgren's proposal would be blatantly unconstitutional for its judgement of faculty on the basis of political beliefs.
"We do have a Constitution and it's there for a reason, and it's to try to protect equity and to make sure that we don't judge people on the basis of their race or religion, their creed, their political beliefs," they told The Des Moines Register. "We never ask that question when someone's hired: Are you a Republican, Democrat, or independent, or Green Party, or socialist, or any of that. And I think that would be clearly discriminatory."
[RELATED: Washington state rep drafts bill to do away with ‘safe spaces']
Yet Chelgren continues to defend the newly-slated legislation as in line with existing hiring practices, saying, “I'm under the understanding that right now they can hire people because of diversity,” and arguing that their bill just extends that principle further.
“They want to have people of different thinking, different processes, different expertise,” they pointed out. “So this would fall right into category with what existing hiring practices are.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
Large numbers of police then arrived at the block of flats on Sunday after the attack.
Another couple living in the same block, just a few hundred yards from where another attacker, Khuram Butt lived, also told the Telegraph that Redouane had visited on Saturday evening.
The couple, who were aged in their 20s and wished to remain anonymous, said that the man had then left the apartment block and had signed out at reception.
The man said: “The whole block is talking about it, about they came to say goodbye to them and their daughter before they left.
“The police came yesterday morning, there were dozens of them. We know they signed out at reception because guests visiting have to.
“He was here just before it all happened.”
Redouane and their wife are reported to have split up over their differing views on religion, after they clashed over the best way to raise their child.
Redouane is listed on their daughter's birth certificate as Moroccan and gives their profession as pastry chef. However police said they also claimed to be Libyan and has in the past used the name Rachid Elkhdar, claiming to be six years younger.
Redouane was not known to the security services, according to a police statement.
When the AMD Ryzen 7 platform was released many of the reviews were critical of the 1080P gaming performance on the Ryzen 7 processor series. AMD promised that we would see a series of game and engine updates for the new Ryzen architecture fairly quickly and the first game title to become optimized for Ryzen is Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation! We tested the ‘old' build (version 2.10.25624) versus the build that came out tonight (version 2.10.26118) and the differences are huge. AMD told us that the estimated development time to achieve this up to 31 percent uplift in game performance was less than 400 total engineering hours.
AMD Ryzen 7 1700 Test System
The AMD AM4 platform that we used to test the new versus old builds of Ashes of the Singularity was doing on an AM4 platform that consisted of an AMD Ryzen 7 1700 processor and the MSI X370 Xpower Gaming Titanium motherboard with UEFI 1.26. The Corsair Vengeance 16GB 4000MHz DDR4 dual channel memory kit was manually set to 2933MHz with 14-14-14-28 1T memory timings as we wanted to test with one of the most popular clock frequencies sold today. We used an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 8GB Founders Edition with GeForce 378.92 WHQL drivers. We also used the Corsair AX860i digital power supply, Corsair Hydro Series H110i water cooler and Corsair Force MP500 480GB PCIe SSD on the system.
Let's take a look at those results…
This chart has a ton of data on it, so be sure to click it and view it in full size. Basically, the old build of Ashes of the Singularity had pretty flat results with 1080P and 4K results performing basically the same. The numbers look pretty bad to be honest and lord only knows why 1440P performance was lower than 4K performance. The new build of the game title got a huge performance uplift at all three resolutions and the game performance finally scales properly when you increase the resolution!
Those results are pretty impressive as it represents a 22.7% gain at 4K resolutions, a massive 31.2% gain at 1440P and then a very nice 26.9% gain at 1080P. Keep in mind that we are testing with a stock clocked AMD Ryzen 7 1700 processor with DDR4 2933MHz memory with CL14 timings!
Here is what Stardock and Oxide CEO Brad Wardell had to say about the game update in AMD's press release:
“I've always been vocal about taking advantage of every ounce of performance the PC has to offer. That's why I'm a strong proponent of DirectX 12 and Vulkan because of the way these APIs allow us to access multiple CPU cores, and that's why the AMD Ryzen processor has so much potential,” said Stardock and Oxide CEO Brad Wardell. “As good as AMD Ryzen is right now – and it's remarkably fast – we've already seen that we can tweak games like Ashes of the Singularity to take even more advantage of its impressive core count and processing power. AMD Ryzen brings resources to the table that will change what people will come to expect from a PC gaming experience.”
The good news is that AMD and Oxide aren't done making Ryzen optimizations as they think there are still more things than can be done to squeeze even more performance out of the architecture with more real world tuning. Now that AMD has released Ryzen and game developers have plenty of chips to use they can look at the data from their instruction sequences and make some simple code changes that offer substantial performance gains. Game developers are able to use performance profilers like Intel VTune Amplifier 2017 to get the most performance possible from their multi-threaded processors and AMD hasn't developed a tool like for Ryzen just yet. Hopefully, the performance numbers that you see here are just the start and that more game titles will be optimized. This going to be a huge task for the AMD developer relations, but we know the North American Developer Relations team is being pretty aggressive and we have faith in them!
Update: 03/30/2017 at 9am CT: AMD has released the CodeXL Power Profiler as an Open Source tool for GPU debugging and GPU/CPU profiling, so AMD does have a tool for optimizations.
More AMD Ryzen Coverage on Legit Reviews:
AMD Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X and 1700 Processor Reviews
AMD Ryzen versus Intel Kaby Lake – Gaming Performance
AMD Ryzen 7 1700 Processor Overclocking
AMD Ryzen 7 DDR4 Memory Scaling Performance
AMD Ryzen 7 DDR4 Single-Rank Versus Dual-Rank Memory Performance
Picking The Right AMD AM4 Motherboard For Ryzen
Where are all the AMD AM4 Motherboads?
Do you want to ALWAYS have an estimation of how much battery you got left?Even on fullscreen apps like games or gallery?And have you by any chance tried MiUI in the past and you miss a certain eye-candy of it?Yell Welcome to Battery Bar!You can now easily set a bar with customisable height, place and color (it can even change according to battery level).You won't believe how convenient it is until you try it yourself!Features include100% Ad Free! No Fishy Permissions needed!Auto-Magicaly Hiding with Statusbar-Selectable via Options MenuSelectable Colors-Static Color-Auto-Magicaly Color (Low Med Reg Charge)-Auto Detection of screen Width ( Bar works in Portrait and Landscape Mode on any phone!)Selectable HeightSelectable AlignmentTo useSimply start the service,configure the colors and options to your likingand Enjoy!Featured on Android Police! Again on 4Tablet PC (Russian) More on Android HDBlog (Italian)
Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying has refused to answer questions about the HK$50 million secret payments they allegedly received from Australian corporation UGL a year ago in a question-and-answer session at the Legislative Council today.
Democratic Party lawmaker Sin Chung-kai challenged Leung about the payments. “You should be prosecuted by mainland China standards. [Former Chief Executive] Donald Tsang was prosecuted for misconduct in public office and you can be prosecuted for that as well, at least twice.”
“You did not declare your interests to the Chief Justice before you came to office for the 4 million pound sterling [HK$50 million] payment you were due to receive. Don't you think you should surrender yourself to the Independent Commission Against Corruption [ICAC]?” Sin added.
Leung replied by saying they had explained themselves already.
“Sin's questions show they have not read, or ignored the written statements from me, from the government and from UGL. I have explained this event for many times, I have nothing to add,” Leung said.
Sin then said Leung did not respond to their question asking whether Leung should surrender themselves to the ICAC.
LegCo president Jasper Tsang said they felt Leung had answered the question.
Lawmaker “Long Hair” Leung Kwok-hung also chimed in by questioning the UGL payments and four other issues, including a BVI company owned by Leung and their claim that external forces were involved in the pro-democracy Occupy protest last year.
“I have been a lawmaker for so many years, and I have asked you the same five questions continuously which you haven't answered here [LegCo] and you haven't answered outside. You said you have answered these in written statements – so we can just have a Leung Chun-ying doll here instead of you answering questions in written statements.”
Leung Chun-ying said to Jasper Tsang that they and their colleagues in the government have often answered these questions posed to LegCo and society.
Leung Kwok-hung then approached Leung Chun-ying's stand to ‘give them a clock,' which means to give them death in Cantonese. Lawmaker Albert Chan Wai-yip and Ray Chan Chi-chuen also followed, throwing satirical paper boards at Leung.
They were subsequently kicked out of the LegCo chamber as ordered by Tsang.
The UGL secret payment to Leung was first reported by Australian media on October 14 last year, during the pro-democracy Occupy protests.
Correction 2:20pm: Earlier version missed the word “surrender” in Sin Chung-kai's response to Leung Chun-ying.
Hollywood has come a long way in the representation of autistic people since the release of Rain Man almost 30 years ago, but one major problem that still exists is the lack of representation of autistic actors. There are an increasing number of autistic characters on television and in film, but almost none of these characters have been played by actors who are actually autistic, despite the fact that there are many of us able to play those roles.
I'm autistic and work as a consultant for autistic characters in Hollywood. I'm best known for my work on FX's The Bridge, in which the main character was a female autistic detective, played by Diane Kruger. The Peabody-award-winning show was widely praised for its accurate and nuanced portrayal of an autistic character, a departure from the unfortunately common autistic hollywood stereotype. I worked closely with the writers, producers, directors, and Ms. Kruger to develop the character. Additionally, I was on set, ensuring that their portrayal was always authentic. The Bridge's commitment to diversity could also be seen in its writer's room, which included writers who were female, gay, and Hispanic. The room even included writers whose identity had an intersectionality of those three Hollywood minority groups.
But the character was not played by an autistic actor. FX wanted a celebrity to star in the show and unfortunately, there were no autistic actors with enough star-power to play the part. To the credit of The Bridge's commitment to diversity, I was actually cast in one minor recurring role, a newspaper employee, which ironically was written as a neurotypical character. But I don't know of any other openly disabled actors who worked on the show.
Ben Affleck is the next major star to take on autism. They will be playing an autistic accountant in the upcoming film, The Accountant.
But even autistic roles for which star-power isn't important are usually given to neurotypical actors. For example, NBC's Parenthood cast Max Burkholder, an unknown neurotypical actor at the time, to play a major autistic role in the series. The show didn't even hire an autistic consultant and Burkholder regrettably commented that they didn't think one was necessary. Fox's show Touch also cast a non-autistic actor to play an autistic child. Unlike Parenthood, however, Touch did hire an autism consultant, but they were not autistic and only worked on the pilot. Even Sesame Street's new autistic Muppet, Julia, is played by a neurotypical in a suit.
And in the recent independent film, Jane Wants a Boyfriend, Louisa Krause played an autistic woman opposite Eliza Dushku. The filmmakers certainly could have cast an autistic actor instead of Krause because they are relatively unknown and Eliza Dushku is enough of a star to secure financing and attract an audience. The same was true with the independent film, The Story of Luke, in which neurotypical actor Lou Taylor Pucci played an autistic character opposite Seth Green. And there are many more examples of minor autistic characters being played by neurotypical actors, where star-power has absolutely no influence on casting.
The only example I could find of an autistic actor playing an autistic character was in this season of BBC's Holby City, where Jules Robertson was cast as a recurring character in eight episodes. I was excited to see the show but upon watching it, I became a bit disappointed by the writing, which was stereotypical. In the first moments the character is introduced, they take a few things literally, unknowingly makes an offensive comment about an older woman's age, and states “If I'm direct, it's because I have Asperger's Syndrome.” While Holby City should be commended for casting an autistic actor, the writers room didn't write a nuanced character. Despite this, Robertson did a great job playing the role and they seemed authentic even when the writing was over the top (which was most of the time). I can't imagine a neurotypical actor handling that character as well as Robertson did, which underlines the importance of authentic casting but also highlights the importance of autistic input behind the camera.
Diversity has become a hot-button issue in Hollywood, where discussions focus on race, gender, sexual orientation, and even gender identity. Disability and autism, however, are left out of the discussion. At this month's Television Critics Association presentations, CBS was criticized for its schedule of shows in which there are no non-white leads. But no one ever thought to criticize CBS (or every other network, for that matter) for having no disabled leads, despite the fact that individuals with disabilities are the largest minority group in America. If Hollywood wants to represent true diversity, it needs to make a much better effort to be inclusive of autistics and people with disabilities.
WASHINGTON — Some coal mining companies are paying lower-than-market rates to lease land from the federal government, while also enjoying low royalty rates, increasing their profits at the expense of taxpayers, investigators for the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee have found.
The investigation is the most recent effort by some Senate Democrats to bring attention to the government's coal leasing program. A report by the Interior Department's inspector general last year said that the agency's Bureau of Land Management was not abiding by its own rules in assessing the value of minerals beneath federal land and that undervalued leases were costing taxpayers millions of dollars.
Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, the chairperson of the committee, began an investigation last year of the Interior Department's coal leasing program, looking into rates and royalties paid by coal companies. Mr. Wyden's office said the inquiry was continuing, but the committee's staff released its preliminary findings on Friday as Mr. Wyden prepares to leave the energy committee to become chairperson of the Finance Committee.
In a letter on Thursday to Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, Mr. Wyden wrote that they had “deep concerns regarding the Department of Interior's coal leasing program.” They Wyden said that their investigation found that “multiple coal mines in multiple states have bought leases for pennies on the ton, enjoy reduced royalty rates during production (some of which are lower than prevailing rates for state land), yet appear to sell coal near, at or above expected market prices.”
Two Ugandan students and police have been arrested after two painted pigs were smuggled past tight parliament security in a protest against political corruption and youth unemployment.
The pigs, painted yellow - the colour of the ruling National Resistance Movement - were smuggled by two university students for their protest in Kampala on Tuesday. The pigs also had slogans pinned to their ears condemning corruption.
It was unfair to arrest the youths ... they have committed no crime. Bernard Atiku, shadow youth minister
After their arrest, the youths said they were protesting against the lack of jobs for young people and the extravagance of politicians.
A number of police guarding the buildings were also arrested for failing to spot the animals.
The government has been previously criticised by the opposition for corruption. In 2012, Western donors suspended aid to Uganda following reports of embezzlement in the Prime Minister's office.
Opposition politicians have defended the youths.
Benard Atiku, the shadow minister for youth, said: "It was unfair to arrest the youths because they were expressing displeasure with the level of unemployment and poverty in the country.
"We demand that they are released because they have committed no crime."
But MPs from the ruling NRM expressed concern over what they said was lax security at the gates to parliament.
"How can youths walk with the pigs into parliament yet we have over 100 police officers guarding the place," said Mariam Nalubega.
Authorities have arrested a number of police and are questioning them on how the pigs found their way into parliament.
Fred Enanga, of the Uganda police, said: "We are investigating a gross breach of security at parliament that could result in disciplinary proceedings against police officers who neglected their duty."
However, parliament's deputy speaker, Jacob Oulanyah, assured MPs, staff and the general public that their security was guaranteed and there would be no repeat.
Last year, anti-corruption activists in neighbouring Kenya drove a truck full of pigs caked in blood to the country's parliament protesting against a sharp increase in the pay for MPs.
Would you like fries with that? Carrie star Chloe Moretz follows glamorous red-carpet appearance with late-night trip to In-N-Out Burger with pals
Chloe Moretz may be one of the most in-demand and successful young movie stars around, but there's no forgetting she's just 16 years old.
After making a glamorous red-carpet appearance at the premiere of their new film Carrie in Hollywood on Monday night, the pretty blonde made a quick outfit change before ducking out for a fast-food fix.
The decidedly down-to-earth teenager was accompanied by their big brother Travis Duke-Moretz, as well as co-star Portia Doubleday and a bevy of equally dressed-up pals for the outing to popular In-N-Out Burger.
Talk about down-to-earth! Carrie star Chloe Moretz made a quick outfit change before ducking off to In-N-Out Burger for a late-night feast following the glamorous red-carpet LA premiere of their new movie on Monday
And far from showing any signs of diva behaviour, the actor stood in line patiently and took their turn to order their own food - no doubt much to the surprise of the employee behind the register.
The youngster, who stars in the titular role in the remake of the 1976 classic horror movie, paid homage to their pig's blood-soaked character by donning a ruby red short lace dress with sheer feature on the chest that revealed a plunging v-neck black camisole beneath it.
Matching stilettos completed their look, while they kept their hair in the pretty softly curled side-swept braided 'do they sported earlier that evening.
Decisions, decisions: The 16-year-old pondered their selection before placing their order with the cashier
'Well, I was going to get Animal Style but I didn't want to spill anything on my dress': The actor was easily the most dressed-up - and famous - person in the fast-food joint in their blood-red lace dress and matching heels
Just hours earlier, the actor slipped into a striking floor-length deep green gown with pretty black floral embroidered detail.
The capped-sleeve dress also featured a sheer top, revealing a lacy black bodice underneath.
Travis, 27, protectively held their younger sister's hand as they lead them out their awaiting car following their meal, still clutching a soda in their hand.
Chloe's brother has long worked with them as their acting coach - which is clearly paying off as the talented star has close to 50 roles under their belt and 12 awards to their name since getting their start in 2004.
Waited in line: Chloe and their crew waited in line like everybody else at the popular eatery known for its Double-Double burger
Home time: The star was lead back to their awaiting car by protective older brother Travis Duke-Moretz, who has worked as their sister's acting coach for years
In and out: Chloe and Travis are close siblings Impromptu excursion: Co-star Portia Doubleday - who plays Carrie's nemesis in the film - didn't bother changing out of their black high-waisted pants, white top with completely cut-out sides and nude pointy pumps
Portia, who plays Carrie's nemesis Chris Hargensen in the flick, stuck with their black and white red-carpet ensemble as they indulged their burger craving.
The 25-year-old looked stylish in black high-waisted trousers, a white top that was completely cut out at the sides and pointy nude pumps.
The pretty blonde looked content but more than ready to call it a night after enjoying their impromptu late-night feast.
Dashing and departing: Chloe on Tuesday made their way through Los Angeles International Airport to catch a departing flight
Urban chic: Chloe looked casually cool in a black sweater, dark grey skinny pants, black ankle boots and a leather bracelet studded with silver spikes
Travel wear: Chloe wore a pair of grey skinny pants to LAX with funky bands around their knees
Hit girl: Chloe starred in the 2010 comedy action movie Kick-Ass as a child fighting expert Distinctive style: Chloe has been a fashionista since an early age Quick change: The pretty blonde donned a stunning dark green floor-length gown with black embroidered detail as they hit the red carpet earlier that evening at the horror flick's Hollywood premiere
Down a potholed side road off National Road 6, in Baray district, Kampong Thom province, some two hours north of the capital Phnom Penh, lies a sight alien to most people in the country.
Surrounded by small homesteads farming rice and cassava, with palm trees forming the only consistent break in the horizon, is Cambodia's national baseball field.
“This is my way to relax, this is my hobby,” says Nhem Thavy, a business person and Member of Parliament for Kampong Thom province for the ruling Cambodia People's Party. Sitting in the shade between home plate and first base, they were watching the final innings of the U15 National Championship match between two teams from Phnom Penh. The three hectares of fenced—in shortly-mown grass is the first step in Thavy's vision to see baseball played in every province across Cambodia.
© Pete Ford
Baseball from the US
Baseball enjoys rabid popularity in parts of East Asia. A university professor from the United States first brought baseball to Japan in 1872. Compatriot Christian missionaries are credited with bringing the sport to Korea 33 years later—in Cambodia, the playing of baseball is rather newer.
In the early 2000's American-based Joeurt Puk, preferring the moniker Joe Cook, crafted a rough baseball diamond in a rural field in Kampong Chhnang province, where they left as a child refugee in 1979, and Southeast Asia gained its newest baseball team. The Alabama-raised chef may have done all the hard work in creating the sport in Cambodia, lobbying for material and official support and fundraising to realise their vision, but tensions led to a change in management, and location, in 2013.
Thavy moved the team from its base in Cook's home village on the western shore of the Tonle Sap Lake to land they own in their own home district in Kampong Thom province, across the water. Thavy, like Cook, spent years in the USA after leaving Cambodia as a refugee. Thavy has the financial resources and political clout to support the team largely by himself—he, also, wasn't much of a baseball fan at first.
“I first saw baseball when I was 13 or 14, when American military personnel in Phnom Penh played it, but I didn't like it as no one explained to us what was going on.”
They saw it again while studying at the Naval War College in Rhode Island in 1972, but it wasn't until they were one of 32,000 Vietnamese and Cambodian refugees who passed through the Fort Indiantown Gap military base in Pennsylvania in 1975 that they first tried to play.
© Pete Ford
“I tried to hit the ball, but couldn't,” they remembered with a smile. This early introduction did not turn them into a fan, and despite watching the game on TV while studying engineering and working for companies such as Goodyear, Thavy says they still found it “very slow to watch.”
“I was much more excited by [American] football, especially the Redskins early on, but when I decided to come back in 1993, I had to bring something,” they said. They ruled out bringing American football due to the smaller size of many Cambodians, and the inherent danger of the sport.
“So I thought, baseball is the one,” they say, noting that there are two native games in Cambodia—one involving hitting a small ball with a stick, the other similar to running around bases—that helped to convince them that baseball would work here.
Cambodia National Team
Initially, the national team found winning matches, in a country where football is king, somewhat difficult. Their first major test came at the South-East Asian (SEA) Games in Thailand in 2007, where they lost to Malaysia, Myanmar, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand by a total of 113-13.
National coach, and vice president of the Cambodian Baseball Federation, Tony Nishimura, was brought on board by Thavy on an initially part-time basis in 2009. Nishimura first came into contact with Cambodian baseball when they led the newly formed Vietnamese national team to play against Cambodia in 2009. Thavy explained, “They kicked the hell out of us [Vietnam], the Cambodians were way ahead of us.”
© Pete Ford
Growth in Southeast Asia
In the last decade, baseball across as Southeast Asia has spread at a fast pace. From the 10 countries that make up the ASEAN-bloc countries, only Laos and Vietnam are not members of the Baseball Federation of Asia, which counts 24 member federations including Mongolia and Afghanistan alongside more established countries such as Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.
The Vietnamese team had only been formed two years before the trip to Cambodia, and lacked the generous global donations of equipment, money and coaches that Cook had been able to source for Cambodia. The combination of Nishimura and Thavy's desire to see baseball succeed, and access to recourses, has not only brought a new professionalism to the sport in Cambodia, but also a shift in focus.
“Our team is still largely the same as from 2009. The oldest player is 32. They are farmers, fishermen, local people,” Nishimura explains, with most having been attracted to the then unknown sport with the promise of a modest salary.
© Pete Ford
Baseball in schools
The national team is no longer ‘professional' as they are not paid. “The new focus is on developing youth teams across the country. Baseball has been added to the national sports curriculum, and so far seven schools, some 400 students have started playing,” Nishimura says with evident pride.
A school has been built next to the national pitch, where local students will gain a vital education as well as daily exposure to baseball. “The mission we have to accomplish as a federation is not just to make a team, but also support them in the future,” they say, detailing how the school will offer Japan-focussed vocational training to students. Teaching them Japanese and English, elderly care and agribusiness skills, and of course baseball, will allow the students easier access to the Japanese labor market—it is hoped.
Japanese-born but Seattle-raised, Tony is using their connections with Japan, “where baseball is like a religion.” Japanese professional team the Seibu Lions recently donated a shipping container's worth of equipment, and another one is expected shortly. The Japanese Embassy in Cambodia has a budget for promoting Japanese culture, and with baseball being the national sport, that means the federation is supported. According to Tony, it helps that the current ambassador is “baseball crazy.”
 They are confident that building on the Japanese-style of baseball coaching—lots of drills, discipline and a focus on form—will allow the Cambodian team to shine, and hopefully gain nationwide recognition as a sport where Cambodia can succeed.
© Pete Ford
“For basketball, football, you have to be physical, and we are too small. But for baseball, it's all about tactics, and within Southeast Asia, we can become champions.” This is an idea echoed by some of the new players.
Chhem Dara has been playing for three years. The 29-year-old fashion warehouse manager is already a coach, gleaning their knowledge from the visiting coaches sent by MLB, and from Youtube. “One of my friends told me about it, and I wanted to try. I thought it was very dangerous at first,” they say laughing. “But you have to be smart to play, and I know this game makes me think more, which is great.”
With schools in the regional cities of Siem Reap, Sihanoukville and Battambang showing interest in adding baseball to their sports lessons, and despite the recent donations, the issue for the baseball federation remains a lack of equipment. This, however, is merely a minor issue in Nishimura's grand plans for Cambodian baseball. “Just watch us, I'm gonna make it great.”
Back in 2011, I was having an all-consuming love affair with tablets. At the time, I was the first-ever head of mobile at Netflix. I saw tablets in my sleep, running apps that would control homes, entertain billions and dutifully chug away at work. Tablets, I was convinced, were a third device category, a tweener that would fill the vacuum between a phone and a laptop. I knew that was asking a lot — at the time, however, I didn't know just how much.
I wasn't the only one swooning in the presence of the iPad and its imitators. Everyone was getting in on the love fest. The typically sober analysts over at Gartner were going ballistic with their shipment predictions for the iPad, and a flurry of soon-to-be-launched Android tablets. Amazon (Kindle Fire), Barnes & Noble (Nook Tablet), HP (TouchPad running webOS) and even BlackBerry (PlayBook) all rushed into the market to take on Apple, which commanded 70 percent of the tablet market one year after Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPad. On the software side, startups like Flipboard, tech giants like Adobe and even large enterprises like Genentech were quickly assembling teams to take advantage of this new platform.
Now — three years and 225 million tablets later — I'm starting to see how misplaced that passion was.
The tablet couldn't possibly shoulder all the expectations people had for it. Not a replacement for your laptop or phone — but kinda. Something you kick back with in the living room, fire up at work and also carry with you everywhere — sort of. Yes, tablets have sold in large numbers, but rather than being a constant companion, like we envisioned, most tablets today sit idle on coffee tables and nightstands. Simply put, our love for them is dying.
In some ways, I shouldn't be surprised — the tablet has let me down before. A decade ago, I was at Microsoft trying to convince both consumers and big companies to buy tablets. A number of hardware manufacturers were partnering with Microsoft to finance and market the development of devices running Microsoft Windows XP Tablet PC Edition — a mouthful, yes, and not many customers were interested in even taking a bite.
We teamed up with HP, Toshiba, NEC and Fujitsu, all of whom spent millions alongside Microsoft, and failed to create a bona fide category at the time. Why? “Tablet PCs,” as they were known, required a stylus (versus today's touch-interaction model), and more importantly, only had a few tablet-optimized apps. We now know that's a recipe for disaster.
But a few years later, it seemed that the world had changed, and the tablet was finally going to live up to all its promise. At Netflix, the tablet was stealing time from the browser with increasing speed month after month. To take advantage of that shift, I focused our entire team's efforts on a complete redesign of the tablet app. We introduced a slew of features that took advantage of the screen size and touch interface. It was, if I may say, beautiful.
Post-launch, the new app significantly increased retention and streaming hours. It won reviewer praise, barely missing out on winning the Best Tablet App of 2011 at the Crunchies — it was a hit. And then it seemed, as soon as it had arrived, the tablet lost its momentum.
At Netflix, we witnessed a dramatic increase in phone usage for the streaming service — all that binge-watching of “Sons of Anarchy” and “House of Cards.” The reason was obvious: As phone apps improved in terms of quality and speed, users abandoned their tablets for the device in their pocket that could access the Web anywhere and anytime from Wi-Fi or cellular connections. Conversely, only 12 percent of tablets have cellular connections, instantly making them non-mobile devices. And very few people will shell out for a second wireless plan in addition to their phone. Based on the momentum of the phone, Netflix decided to merge the tablet and phone UIs.
Even the awards circuit lost interest in the tablet. The year after our tablet app premiered, the Crunchies ditched the Best Tablet App award. They haven't brought it back since.
What I realize now is that it has been the phone all along. What we are witnessing today is a merger of phones and tablets, not just at Netflix but everywhere, which is why this decade's attempt at tablets is nearing its death — just four years after Jobs launched the original iPad.
It comes down to size. The vast majority of the hundreds of millions of people who use tech every day are just fine with having two primary computing devices: One for your pocket and one for your desk. Tablets are trying (and failing) to be portable enough to go everywhere, yet large enough to be multipurpose. Despite all the keyboard origami and elaborate ways to make your tablet into a laptop, it isn't one.
Stop trying. Consumers know it — the latest sales data has shown that worldwide tablet sales may have already peaked. PCs took a full three decades to reach market saturation, whereas tablets may have already topped off at the four-year mark.
So, how do tablets evolve from here? What we've seen Apple do is shrink the tablet and stretch the phone. Rumors abound that it will launch a five-inch phone later this year, which would follow in the path of successfully launched products from Samsung, HTC and dozens of other Asian phone manufacturers. Follow the trend to its logical conclusion, and it's quite possible that the two categories will merge this decade.
I'm not saying that tablets will disappear completely. Tim Cook believes that tablet growth will recover as enterprise adoption accelerates and CIOs become convinced of the merits of the platform. But it's also possible that tablets may simply evolve into single-purpose devices found in kitchens, schools and other situations where keyboards are cumbersome and large screens are preferred.
That's not quite the revolution that we all originally had hoped for. More to the point, China and the rest of Asia may teach the world that convergence to a single five-inch device that fits in your pocket or purse will be the best route to profits. “Phablets” like the Oppo N1 running Cyanogen may have already launched the third and final wave of “tablet” innovation.
Cue the sad music for the tablet we all loved, and that many still do. Except now as I glance over at my original iPad, iPad mini, Kindle Fire and Motorola Xoom, acting like paperweights, I realize I don't miss them — especially when I am curled up with my five-inch phone fitting comfortably in one hand. Love is harsh, the pace of technology innovation is harsher, but the future certainly does look phabulous.
Zal Bilimoria is a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, focusing on investments in mobile, marketplaces and the sharing economy. They recently joined @a16z after spending the last 10 years in product management roles at Microsoft, Google, Netflix and LinkedIn. Zal was also the co-founder/CEO of Snip.ly, a content curation startup based in San Francisco. Reach them @zalzally.
Illicit poppy cultivation in the border districts of West Bengal and smuggling of the contraband across the border to Bangladesh and elsewhere are worrying intelligence authorities because it has turned out to be among the the principal sources of funds for terror outfits like the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh.
Advertising
CID sources told PTI that the strategic position of these districts facilitated rise in illegal cultivation of poppy, which “has become a major fund generating business drawing several hundreds of youths into it”.
Apart from Malda district's Ratua, Kaliachak and Baishnabnagar, poppy is also allegedly secretly grown at Nowada and Beldanga in Murshidabad district besides Dubrajpur, Ilambazar and Kankartala in Birbhum district.
Such cultivation was also found in Patrasayar, Indas, Onda and Barjora in Bankura and Ketugram, Mangolkote, Kaksa, Purbasthali, Katwa, Galsi and Laodaha in Burdwan, the sources said. “Much evidence is there that the money earned from this cultivation goes to the terror groups through different channels including hawala. The money might have also gone to suspected ISIS agents through JMB,” the source said.
Advertising
“A large number of locals, mainly youth, are involved in cultivating it mostly in areas which are not frequented by locals,” they said. The district administration with the assistance of the NCB, local police and the BSF had destroyed 4,000 acres of poppy crop last year, whereas around 1,000 acres have been destroyed this year so far, police sources said.
According to a Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) report compiled in 2011-2012, the agency had destroyed poppy crops cultivated in around 714 acres of land in the state, out of which 711 acres lay in the Malda district while the other three were in Hooghly and Burdwan districts.
“It must be mentioned that the illicit cultivation of poppy is spread over Malda's Kaliachak and Baishnabnagar and these are the areas where the fake Indian currency notes (FICN) cartels are also tracked,” they said, adding that in the last couple of years several raids and arrests had been made in Kaliachak.
The CID source said that illegal poppy cultivation had spread to villages on the zero line where the Border Security Force had almost no reach. According to him, the link between FICN and poppy was helping the growth of terror networks in the state.
The youths involved in illegal poppy cultivation are also being used in drug-peddling, besides smuggling fake currency. According to the source, there is a close connection between the fake currency rackets and cultivators of illegal poppy in the state.
Watch Video: What's making news
“On smuggling drugs across the border to Bangladesh one receives fake currency in return… It's actually over the years that Malda has become a major transit of FICN,” they said citing a National Investigation Agency (NIA) 2012 report.
They said that earlier farmers in Malda were primarily into producing raw silk yarn and mango, but the easier process of cultivation and the prospect of earning huge money have lured them into cultivating the illegal crop.
Advertising
“The white latex collected from the opium poppy is the main product for heroin production and the collection of latex is generally done by the children…. Heroin brings in more money for these people,” they said.
Here are the day's minor moves from around the league…
The Braves outrighted Danny Burawa off the 40-man roster and sent them from Triple-A Gwinnett to Double-A Mississippi on Wednesday, according to the MLB.com transactions page. The 27-year-old Burawa was claimed off waivers from the Yankees last August and pitched 12 1/3 innings in the Majors for Atlanta, logging a 3.65 ERA. He's struggled in Triple-A to open the season, however, surrendering six runs (four earned) in seven innings with a troublesome 11 walks against five strikeouts. Following Burawa's removal, Atlanta's 40-man roster is now at 38 players.
outrighted off the 40-man roster and sent them from Triple-A Gwinnett to Double-A Mississippi on Wednesday, according to the MLB.com transactions page. The 27-year-old Burawa was claimed off waivers from the Yankees last August and pitched 12 1/3 innings in the Majors for Atlanta, logging a 3.65 ERA. He's struggled in Triple-A to open the season, however, surrendering six runs (four earned) in seven innings with a troublesome 11 walks against five strikeouts. Following Burawa's removal, Atlanta's 40-man roster is now at 38 players. The Rangers have released former top prospect Cody Buckel, reports MLB.com's T.R. Sullivan (via Twitter). Buckel, a 23-year-old right-hander, ranked as the game's No. 87 prospect prior to the 2013 season, according to MLB.com. However, they developed a staggering control problem that season, walking 35 batters in just 10 2/3 innings. Buckel wasn't diagnosed with a major injury and seemingly never recovered from the yips they encountered that season, as they averaged 6.8 walks per nine innings pitched from 2014-16 in their time between the Rangers' minor league affiliates and winter ball in Australia.
[1] Paul Fürst, engravng, c. 1721, of a plague doctor of Marseilles (introduced as 'Dr Beaky of Rome '). Their nose-case is filled with herbal material to keep off the plague.
The clothing worn by plague doctors was intended to protect them from airborne diseases. The costume, used in France and Italy in the 17th century, consisted of an ankle length overcoat and a bird-like beak mask, often filled with sweet or strong smelling substances (commonly lavender), along with gloves, boots, a wide-brimmed hat, and an outer over-clothing garment.[2]
Description [ edit ]
Plague doctor outfit from Germany (17th century).
The mask had glass openings in the eyes and a curved beak shaped like that of a bird with straps that held the beak in front of the doctor's nose.[3] The mask had two small nose holes and was a type of respirator which contained aromatic items.[4] The beak could hold dried flowers (including roses and carnations), herbs (including mint), spices, camphor, or a vinegar sponge.[5][6] The purpose of the mask was to keep away bad smells, known as miasma, which were thought to be the principal cause of the disease, before it was disproved by germ theory.[2][3] Doctors believed the herbs would counter the "evil" smells of the plague and prevent them from becoming infected.[3]
The beak doctor costume worn by plague doctors had a wide-brimmed leather hat to indicate their profession.[2][7] They used wooden canes in order to point out areas needing attention and to examine patients without touching them.[8] The canes were also used to keep people away,[9] to remove clothing from plague victims without having to touch them, and to take a patient's pulse.[2][10]
History [ edit ]
Medical historians have attributed the invention of the "beak doctor" costume to Charles de Lorme, who adopted in 1619 the idea of a full head-to-toe protective garment,[11] modeled after a soldier's armor.[12] This consisted of a bird-like mask with spectacles,[13] and a long leather (Moroccan or Levantine)[12] or waxed-canvas gown which went from the neck to the ankle.[11][14][15] The over-clothing garment, as well as leggings, gloves, boots, and a hat, were made of waxed leather.[16] The garment was impregnated with similar fragrant items as the beak mask.[17]
Lorme wrote that the mask had a "nose half a foot long, shaped like a beak, filled with perfume with only two holes, one on each side near the nostrils, but that can suffice to breathe and to carry along with the air one breathes the impression of the drugs enclosed further along in the beak".[13]
The Genevese physician Jean-Jacques Manget, in their 1721 work Treatise on the Plague written just after the Great Plague of Marseille, describes the costume worn by plague doctors at Nijmegen in 1636–1637. The costume forms the frontispiece of Manget's 1721 work.[18] The plague doctors of Nijmegen also wore beaked masks. Their robes, leggings, hat, and gloves were made of morocco leather.[19]
This costume was also worn by plague doctors during the Plague of 1656, which killed 145,000 people in Rome and 300,000 in Naples.[20] The costume terrified people because if one saw it, it was a sign of imminent death. Plague doctors wore these protective costumes in accordance with their agreements when they attended their plague patients.
Culture [ edit ]
Medico della Peste ("Plague doctor") beneath the right eye A beaked Venetian carnival mask with the inscription("Plague doctor") beneath the right eye
The costume is also associated with a commedia dell'arte character called Il Medico della Peste (the Plague Doctor), who wears a distinctive plague doctor's mask.[21] The Venetian mask was normally white, consisting of a hollow beak and round eye-holes covered with clear glass, and is one of the distinctive masks worn during the Carnival of Venice.[22]
References [ edit ]
Works cited [ edit ]
Media related to Plague doctors at Wikimedia Commons
U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during a meeting about healthcare at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
A professor in the United Kingdom suggested on Sunday that President Donald Trump had been “genetically engineered” to be “stupid”.
In a tweet early Sunday morning, Trump linked a Saturday terrorist attack in London to the gun safety debate in the United States.
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017
Steve Peers, professor of EU Law at the University of Essex, pointed out that the terrorists would have been able to kill “many more” than seven people if they had access to guns.
Old Bay Seasoning is a blend of herbs and spices that is marketed in the United States by McCormick & Company, and produced in Maryland.
The seasoning mix includes celery salt, black pepper, crushed red pepper flakes, and paprika.[1] It is regionally popular, specifically in Maryland, the Mid-Atlantic States, the Southern States, and parts of New England and the Gulf Coast.[2]
History [ edit ]
Old Bay Seasoning is named after the Old Bay Line, a passenger ship line that plied the waters of the Chesapeake Bay from Baltimore to Norfolk, Virginia, in the early 1900s. In 1939, a German immigrant named Gustav Brunn started the Baltimore Spice Company (a company which still exists today but is better known as Fuchs North America and is located in Hampstead, MD). There in their new company on Market Place in the 1940s Downtown Baltimore and having fled the Bavarian town of Bastheim, Germany in 1937 at the outset of the second World War with only a small spice grinder, Brunn created what would later become known to the world as Old Bay seasoning. They produced the "Delicious Brand Shrimp and Crab Seasoning", as they first named it, to service the needs and tastes of the nearby seafood market. A catchier name was later suggested and Old Bay seasoning was born. For many years, the Baltimore Spice Company produced Old Bay until the legal rights to the seasoning brand were purchased by McCormick & Co in 1990 and the rights to the Baltimore Spice Company were purchased by the world's largest privately owned spice company, the Fuchs Gruppe of Germany.[3] McCormick continued to offer Old Bay in the classic yellow can.[4] According to Gustav Brunn, they had worked for McCormick for a week before starting their own spice business.
McCormick has a number of other products under the Old Bay banner, including seasoning packets for crab cakes, salmon patties and tuna, tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, and seafood batter mix. They also make other seasoning blends that mix Old Bay seasoning with garlic, lemon, brown sugar, herbs and blackened seasonings. McCormick has offered a lower-sodium version of Old Bay Seasoning.
In 2017, McCormick changed the packaging from metal cans to plastic containers in an effort to reduce the packaging costs.[5]
Usage [ edit ]
Old Bay is also now available in a standardized foodservice package but retains its distinctive yellow label.
Putting Old Bay on crab legs.
The seasoning is chiefly used to season crab and shrimp. It is also used in various clam chowder and oyster stew recipes. The seasoning is also used as a topping on popcorn, salads, eggs, fried chicken, french fries, tater tots, corn on the cob, boiled peanuts, dips, chipped beef, baked potatoes, potato salad, and potato chips. Several movie theaters in the Chesapeake region offer it in the condiment section. Potato chip manufacturer Utz created the original "Crab Chip" based on a similar mix of spices. The popular potato chip variety was later copied and marketed by Herr's (however, Herr's uses Old Bay seasoning and it is sold as "Herr's Old Bay Chips"). Lay's introduced its own Old Bay-seasoned "Chesapeake Bay Crab Spice" flavored chips in 2018. Early in its history, the Subway sandwich shop used Old Bay when mixing their seafood and crab salad. Many local Subway shops still have Old Bay for use on sandwiches. Old Bay is also occasionally used around the Chesapeake Bay region as an ingredient in Bloody Marys,[6] and even in places as far south as The Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach, Florida.
In 2014, the Maryland-based brewery Flying Dog created an Old Bay-inspired summer ale named Dead Rise to celebrate the seasoning's 75th anniversary.[7]
George Osborne to take on indebted scheme in budget in order to show a short-term boost to government's finances
The chancellor, George Osborne, will attempt to disguise the spiralling long-term costs of privatising the Royal Mail with figures in the budget that show a short-term boost to the government's finances.
Treasury figures are expected to show that taking the Royal Mail final-salary retirement scheme on to the government's books will add £28bn of pension assets to the exchequer, allowing the chancellor to cut the annual deficit and reduce borrowing costs. The decision to nationalise the postal workers' pension scheme was taken last year by the coalition, and clears the way for private contractors to run the 400-year old institution.
Osborne will argue that the savings from the lower bill for interest will be used to pay down debts, strengthening the Treasury's hand in future budgets to reduce taxes or relax cuts in welfare spending.
However, the Royal Mail scheme has liabilities of £37bn, leaving a £9bn shortfall in the fund that taxpayers will be forced to pay over the next 30 years as postal workers retire. According to Treasury estimates, the payments will raise annual public sector expenditure and public sector net borrowing over time by between £1.3bn and £1.6bn.
The announcement at the budget comes as the chancellor comes under increasing pressure to bring forward proposals to spur business investment and stimulate growth. Figures are expected to show Osborne has at least £7bn extra to spend in their budget, following a better than expected tax haul over the past year and steep cuts in the public-sector workforce.
Rightwing Conservative MPs have lobbied strongly for a programme of tax cuts, beyond the cut in the 50p top rate of tax, to encourage spending, while employers want tax cuts to reduce the cost of taking on staff. Unions and Labour want the chancellor to reverse austerity measures that they believe are sapping confidence, especially in areas already affected by high levels of unemployment.
In pre-budget advice for the chancellor, the Ernst & Young Item Club, an economic thinktank, cautioned against early spring giveaways in the budget despite predicting that public-sector borrowing will come in £7bn lower than the forecast last year by the Office for Budget Responsibility.
The thinktank said that it believed that public-sector borrowing, which is forecast by the OBR to hit £127bn in 2011/12, will in fact drop to £120bn following a strong rise in corporate tax receipts. Andrew Goodwin, its senior economic adviser, said: "The chancellor is well on track with reining in the public finances. If corporate tax receipts continue to increase at their current rate, the chancellor might even be able to meet their fiscal mandate almost a year earlier than predicted by the OBR."
But Goodwin argued that having a £7bn giveaway would have a limited impact across the economy, and risk sending the wrong signal to the ratings agencies and financial markets. "Instead, we would like to see the chancellor use their windfall as a buffer against any potential escalation of the eurozone crisis, and invest in small, low-cost measures designed to boost the UK's productive potential."
Another thinktank, the Centre for Economics and Business Research, argued that the chancellor should use the better than expected public finances to cut fuel duties and reduce taxes to boost the economy.
It warned Osborne the economy would remain weak without further support from the government. It added: "There are substantial lags between the implementation of policies and their effects on the economy. Any action taken later than now will not affect growth before the next election.
"It is also the last budget before entering the pre-election phase, where controversial pro-growth measures are ruled out by politics."
Pelicans vs. Thunder 2014: New Orleans Pelicans center Anthony Davis
New Orleans Pelicans center Anthony Davis walks off the court during their game against the Oklahoma City Thunder at the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans on Thursday, October 16, 2014. (Photo by Chris Granger, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
(Chris Granger)
New Orleans Pelicans forward Anthony Davis ranks fourth, Slam magazine's Yaron Weitzman writes.
Cleveland Cavaliers suffer first preseason loss, Cleveland.com's Chris Haynes writes.
Former New Orleans guard Rasual Butler trying to prove they belong on the Wizards' roster, Washington Post's Jorge Castillo writes.
Orlando Magic takes advantage of their frontcourt players' superb play in preseason victory against Detroit Pistons, Orlando Sentinel's Josh Robbins writes.
Atlanta Hawks will wait for Oct. 31 deadline to make decisions on whether to extend options for John Jenkins and Dennis Schroder, Atlanta Journal-Constitution's Chris Viviamore writes.
Miami Heat gets first preseason win vs. Golden State Warriors on Friday night, South Florida Sun Sentinel's Ira Winderman writes.
As one of your resident Washington State marijuana journalists (that's a thing now!), I wanted to say a little about how WA has fared since the passionately discussed I-502 “legalization.” Considering the rules and regulations are still in the process of being written, the picture is still somewhat hazy about how this will finally play out. That also means that hard statistics are challenging to locate.
Seeing as how Hempfest is set to descend upon Seattle in mid-August, it seemed a fitting time to take a look at how the landscape has shifted since Hempfest 2012. I don't know if you recall, Weedists, but the 2012 Hempfest atmosphere took on a noticeably more serious tone. What caused this traditionally jovial gathering to head into stormy seas? It was the debate about the impending I-502 bill that ultimately passed on a strong majority vote.
The cannabis aficionados were split into two groups: those in favor of I-502 and those opposed. Those in favor wanted to take a much-needed step toward ending prohibition, those against (including most of the MMJ providers) still wanted an end to prohibition, but the potential taxes and fears of a unrealistically stringent THC DUI threshold of 5-nanometer/blood level led many to say that I-502 was not really legalization at all and would lead to a huge uptick in cannabis-related arrests/citations.
As stated above, hard numbers on I-502 are hard to find, simply because the data is still below the critical mass needed to generate a comprehensive report. However, Matt Driscoll, writer for Seattle Weekly, was able to get some early stats. The issues on cannabis taxation will have to wait for another article, one that can be written only after the regulations are written themselves. But there is some preliminary information regarding marijuana related DUIs since I-502 passed.
Depending on which side of the debate you fell on, you'll either be pleasantly surprised or get to thumb your nose and say, “I told you so.” The following is quoted directly from Driscoll's article, regarding DUI fears:
“…six months into our legal weed experiment in Washington those fears have yet to materialize. The King County Prosecutor's Office says only 14 DUI cases have been filed under the five nanograms provision, while the Seattle City Attorney's Office says it has filed exactly one case (though spokesperson Kimberly Mills says there are “several under review for possible filing”). The Pierce County Prosecutor's Office, meanwhile, reports a total of 19 marijuana-related DUI charges so far in 2013.”
For those that don't know Washington well, King and Pierce counties are the largest and most populous in the state with a combined population of 2,744,750. Seattle itself is in King county. That means out of about 2.7 million people, only 34 marijuana related DUIs have been issued. I'm no mathlete, but I'm guessing that's nearly statistically insignificant.
Granted, this could all change once laws officially go into practice, but I think as Driscoll's article intones, this year's Hempfest should involve some healing.
On a personal note, I would like to point out that from my perspective, not a whole lot has changed since I-502, except I feel a little safer about discussing and using cannabis without fear of criminal suspicion.
I think that if you're driving around like an asshole and creating an unsafe environment on the roads, you should be pulled over, whether that's from weed, alcohol, sleep deprivation, a fight with your spouse or anything else. You still need to get pulled over to get a DUI, if you can't drive in a safe enough manner to not be pulled over, then you should not be driving. Maybe that's a little Darwinian, but if we want to be taken seriously, Weedists, we have to exist in the world as it is, not the pot utopia of our addled dreams.
To be certain, there are cases where the law has gotten it wrong and the tests don't accurately reflect reality, and I truly feel bad for people in that situation. But most DUIs (I'm speaking about all DUIs, not just pot DUIs) are issued as a reaction to driver behavior, and most DUIs are probably legitimate. I do think trying to measure THC blood level as an indication of intoxication is stupid, but I also see this step as a necessary shackle we must bear in the meantime. Legalization would never happen, ever (not in the USA or anywhere else), if it was not tied to safety protocols. As it stands, the only DUI protocols in place are there for the biggest and most classically relevant player: alcohol. I hope that as the laws develop we can get more accurate ways of measuring cannabis impairment, but that may be tomorrow's fight.
We have to baby step our way out of the prohibition dungeon, not all steps are comfortable and not all will remain in the long run. As Driscoll's article mentions, marijuana has never been fully legal anywhere, and there is no right way to do this yet.
In Washington and Colorado, we are the Lewis and Clark of cannabis exploration. We are bound to lose a few of our preconceptions and encounter unknown trials, but we also stand on the verge of a greater world. I, for one, am excited and willing to take the splinters that come with climbing giant trees.
US President Donald Trump will replace their executive order on travel ban "in the near future"
Highlights Donald Trump had banned refugees from 7 Muslim-dominated nations Federal courts have blocked the implementation of Trump's travel ban The ban led to confusion in US airports and prompted worldwide protests
© Thomson Reuters 2017
US President Donald Trump said they will issue a new version next week of their executive order banning citizens of seven mostly Muslim countries and all refugees from travelling to the United States. At a news conference on Thursday, Trump once again blasted federal courts that blocked the implementation of their travel ban. "We had a bad court, got a bad decision," Trump said of the judicial actions that temporarily stopped their immigration ban. The immigration order was issued on January 27.It had led to confusion in US airports and prompted international protests and complaints from businesses.The Trump administration asked for a pause on Thursday in proceedings by the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals, which had sided with a lower court in halting Trump's immigration ban.He said their new order would seek to address the issues raised by the court, even as they attacked its reasoning."The new order is going to be very much tailored to what I consider to be a very bad decision," Trump said.Trump's decision to issue a new executive order plunges court proceedings over their actions into further uncertainty. Separate from the appeals court proceedings, a Seattle federal judge on Wednesday ordered both Washington state and the Justice Department to submit initial plans for discovery in the case by next month.Washington state attorney general Bob Ferguson has said they want to depose Trump officials about their motives for the travel ban, which could help the courts decide whether it violates constitutional protections for religion. The Justice Department said it opposes discovery at a hearing last week.Ferguson claimed a victory in the case on Thursday, after the Justice Department made a court filing announcing that there would be a new, rewritten order."Today's court filing by the federal government recognises the obvious - the president's current executive order violates the Constitution," Ferguson said, in a statement. "President Trump could have sought review of this flawed order in the Supreme Court but declined to face yet another defeat."Whenever Trump issues a new order, Washington state could revise its lawsuit if it believes that directive is unconstitutional as well.Trump has said their directive was necessary to protect the United States from attacks by Islamist militants. It barred people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the country for 90 days. Refugees were banned for 120 days, except those from Syria, who were banned indefinitely.The abrupt implementation of the order, however, plunged the immigration system into chaos, sparking a wave of criticism from targeted countries, Western allies and some of America's leading corporations, especially technology firms, which lean heavily on immigrant talent.But Trump said the rollout had been "very smooth." They said the order was needed to keep the country safe and that was the reason for its quick implementation.If the administration had decided to spend a month crafting the order, "everything would've been perfect," Trump said."The problem is we would've wasted a lot of time, and maybe a lot of lives because a lot of bad people would've come into our country," they added.The Justice Department court filing on Thursday said Trump's order would be "substantially revised" but did not provide details. Last week an congressional aide who asked not to be identified told Reuters that Trump might rewrite the original order to explicitly exclude green card holders, or permanent residents. (Additional reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco; editing by Caren Bohan and Bill Rigby)
Any Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones that have not been returned soon won't work, except as wi-fi only devices.
New Zealand phone companies will blacklist Samsung's fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 mobile phones in two weeks.
The policy means any of the smartphones that have not already been returned to Samsung or its distributors will no longer be able to be used to make calls, send texts or connect to mobile broadband.
Samsung issued a global recall for the phones last month after dozens of reports they had overheated and caused fires or burns.
Telecommunications Forum chief executive Geoff Thorn said while most of the devices had been returned, it estimated there were still a few hundred in the hands of Kiwi consumers.
READ MORE:
* Galaxy Note 7 recall: More than 500 sue Samsung for $616
* Businessman fears Samsung not doing enough
* Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 wasn't worth saving
* Air NZ bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones from all flights
* Samsung suspends Galaxy Note 7 production
* Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pulled from sale
* Spark and Vodafone offer $100 'stress' compo to Note 7 buyers
The forum, which represents the country's phone carriers, said they had decided to blacklist the phones because of safety concerns, with Samsung's agreement.
Samsung Note 7's won't work on any of New Zealand's mobile networks, after November 18, the forum said in a statement.
"Numerous attempts by all providers have been made to contact owners and ask them to bring the phones in for replacement or refund," it said.
The smartphones would still connect to the internet via wi-fi, and could be used offline.
But blacklisting the devices from mobile networks should help ensure the remaining handsets, which were in the "low hundreds" were returned, Thorn said.
The smartphones had previously been banned from planes and from being put in the mail.
Phone companies are able to block phones from connecting to their networks because each device has a unique 15-digit code, called an IMEI, that is checked automatically each time a device attempts to make a connection.
The same technique is used by Spark, Vodafone and 2degrees to block stolen phones from their networks.
Brown Ideye scored for the first time in seven appearances to earn West Brom a point
Ideye scores their third West Brom goal
Ings' goal is their fourth in six games
Burnley a point above relegation zone
West Brom three points above bottom three
Substitute Brown Ideye equalised as West Brom came back from two goals down to claim a draw at fellow Premier League strugglers Burnley.
The striker was introduced at half-time and capitalised on poor marking to head in their side's equaliser from a corner.
It looked unlikely that the Baggies would get anything from the game after headers from Ashley Barnes and Danny Ings gave Burnley a 2-0 lead.
But Chris Brunt's headed goal gave them hope before Ideye earned them a draw.
It is an important point for Tony Pulis's side, who remain two points and two places above 17th-placed Burnley in the table, but an even more significant performance in the circumstances.
Media playback is not supported on this device Dyche feels 'hard done by' in draw
Last week's 3-0 defeat at Tottenham checked the progress that had been made in a five-game unbeaten run under Pulis since their appointment.
This, though, demonstrated the kind of spirit and determination Pulis instilled at Crystal Palace during last season's escape from relegation and will give the 57-year-old's current side hope of achieving a similar outcome.
Pulis made two bold decisions for Sunday's game, handing the captain's armband to debutant Darren Fletcher following their move from Manchester United and sending Saido Berahino to the "naughty chair" of the bench after the striker hinted at leaving the club in a recent television interview.
The Baggies boss was rewarded with a typically calm and efficient display from Fletcher, while Berahino responded with a determined and hard-working performance after joining the game in the first half for the injured Victor Anichebe.
It was another bold decision by the Baggies boss, in introducing Ideye at the break, that played a significant part in their side gaining parity in the match and ultimately an unlikely but important point.
Media playback is not supported on this device Pulis bemoans 'Sunday stroll' start
Burnley had dominated the first half and swept into a 2-0 lead thanks to Barnes's nodded opener and the impressive Ings' powerful header from George Boyd's right-wing delivery, only to be pegged back right before the break when displaced Baggies skipper Brunt stole in to head in from a corner.
Ideye's future at West Brom had looked bleak, with the Nigerian record signing, 26, reportedly coming close to a move away from the club in the transfer window.
But they seized their opportunity at Turf Moor with a well-taken glancing header as Burnley were once again punished for poor marking at a set-play and continued their worrying recent trend for throwing away two-goal leads - this is the third time in their last four games.
The Clarets twice had penalty shouts turned down and both sides had chances to win the game. The Clarets' Jason Shackell had a header cleared off the line by Joleon Lescott and Berahino was denied when Tom Heaton and Ben Mee combined to prevent their close-range shot finding the goal.
Ex-Brighton striker Ashley Barnes has scored five goals in 24 appearances for Burnley this season
Ings has eight goals this season for Burnley
Chris Brunt was replaced as West Brom captain by Darren Fletcher on Sunday
Brown Ideye joined West Brom for a reported £10m fee from Dynamo Kiev last summer
© AFP 2018 / LAKRUWAN WANNIARACHCHI India Announces Marginal Increase in Defense Budget for Next Fiscal
New Delhi (Sputnik) — In a bid to push domestic manufacturing, Indian government has decided to provide special fund to small defense manufacturing companies for developing new technologies. Termed as technology develop fund, Indian government will provide a sum of $1.5 million to every defense technology project of the firm. Fund is limited to development of technologies or prototype of product having potential use for the Services and typical development period of two years.
“Scheme has been started to promote self-reliance in Defense Technology as a part of the 'Make in India' initiative. It will encourage participation of private industries especially micro, small and medium enterprises so as to create an eco-system for enhancing cutting edge technology capability for defense application,” says Defense Research and Development Organization official.
© AP Photo / Channi Anand India Approves $ 300mln Fund for Refugees From West Pakistan
Special fund for development of cutting edge technology was muted in year 2011 by previous government but could not find any corpus from annual budget.
“There are no clear indications of a big push being given to what could loosely be called Make-in-India in defense,” says Amit Cowshish, former financial advisor to the Ministry of Defense. Nevertheless, special fund to develop prototype is a very significant step towards giving push to private defense manufacturing.
Indian government has allocated $4.5 million for Indian Army and $2.1 million for Indian Air Force. “One is not sure how many projects the ministry is aiming to – or could possibly — take up under the ‘Make' procedure during the next fiscal i.e. during April 17 to March 18,” Cowshish added.
Currently, most defense research projects are undertaken by government controlled DRDO, based on the priorities of Armed Forces and existing capabilities. “According highest preference to purchase of Indian designed, developed and manufactured defense equipment in acquisition, and some changes in Defense Procurement Procedure 2016 are expected to catalyze investment into defense research, development and innovation,” says Subhash Bhamre, India's Minister of State for Defense.
First evidence of other universes that exist alongside our own after scientists spot 'cosmic bruises'
Scientists say that they have found evidence that our universe was 'jostled' by other parallel universes in the distant past.
The incredible claim emerged after they studied patterns in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) – the after-effects of the Big Bang.
They say they may have found evidence that four circular patterns found in the CMB are 'cosmic bruises' where our universe has crashed into other universes at least four times.
The different signatures of a bubble collision. A collision (top left) induces a temperature change in the CMB temperature map (top right). The 'blob' associated with the collision is identified by a large needlet response (bottom left), and the presence of an edge is determined by a large response from the edge detection algorithm (bottom right)
The findings are based on the complex theory of eternal inflation for our universe. This theory holds that out universe if only one bubble in a larger cosmos and that other universes,which will have different physics to our own, all exist at the same time.
This is also know as the the multiverse theory.
Where these universe bubbles crash against each other they leave signature traces in the background radiation, some scientists believe.
The findings, by Stephen Feeney from the Department of Physics and Astronomy at University College London, are likely to be controversial.
A number of cosmologists have already written in response to the paper that it is too easy to jump to conclusions about what can be seen in the CMB.
The team behind the paper accept that 'it is rather easy to find all sorts of statistically unlikely properties in a large dataset like the CMB'.
But they add: 'If a bubble collision is verified by future data, then we will gain an insight not only into our own universe but a multiverse beyond.'
The paper, published online yesterday, comes just a month after a similar study of the background radiation claimed to have discovered evidence that the universe existed before the Big Bang.
Most scientists believe the universe was created in the Big Bang around 13.7 billion years ago. Stars and galaxies started to form around 300 million years later. Our Sun was born around five billion years ago, while life first appeared on the Earth around 3.7 billion years ago.
The CMB dates back to 300,000 years after the Big Bang and has now cooled to around -270 degrees Celsius.
A map of the cosmic background radiation (CMB) in the universe with circles which may signify events that took place before the Big Bang
A paper posted online on the website arXiv.org by respected scientists Professor Roger Penrose from Oxford University and Professor Vahe Gurzadyan from Yerevan State University, Armenia, suggested the universe could be much older han previously thought.
Penrose and Gurzadyan argue that evidence unearthed by Nasa's Wilkinson Microwave Anisotophy Probe in the CMB shows imprints in the radiation that are older than the Big Bang.
They say they have discovered 12 examples of concentric circles, some of which have five rings, meaning the same object has had five massive events in its history.
The rings appear around galaxy clusters in which the variation in the background radiation appears to be strangely low.
The research appears to cast aside the widely-held 'inflationary' theory of the origins of the universe, that it began with the Big Bang, and will continue to expand until a point in the future, when it will end.
Photo illustration: Yahoo News, photo: Larry Downing/Reuters, illustrations: Meriel Jane Waissman/Getty Images, Steve Zmina/Getty Images
A version of this story appears on Unconventional, Yahoo Politics' complete guide to the craziest conventions in decades.
The vice presidency has always been the Rodney Dangerfield of American politics: It get no respect.
John Nance Garner, FDR's first vice president, famously likened their job to “a bucket of warm piss.” HBO has devoted an entire primetime comedy to the indignity and inconsequentiality of the office. One recent VP is remembered mainly for misspelling the word “potato.”
But now things could get even worse. If this summer's GOP convention in Cleveland is, in fact, contested — if frontrunner Donald Trump doesn't clinch the nomination on the first ballot — then it won't just upend the Republican Party's presidential selection process. It may also — and this would be unprecedented — transform what is usually a sideshow (the so-called veepstakes) into a circus of its own.
“We're entering uncharted waters,” says Joel K. Goldstein, a law professor at St. Louis University who specializes in vice presidential history. “We've had late VP decisions in the past. But they happened in a different age. The vice presidency was different. Media was different. Technology was different. Expectations were different. We haven't seen anything like this in the modern era — and my fear is that it might damage the vice presidency itself.”
So far, this much is clear: The GOP's 2016 veepstakes is likely to be weirder than anything we've seen before.
In a normal presidential-election year — which 2016 is not — the parties tend to coalesce around their nominees long before the conventions. That, in turn, gives each standard-bearer several months to select a running mate. It's all very polite and predictable. The nominee and their aides conjure up a long list of contenders. They whittle it down to a shortlist, which inevitably leaks. The campaigns vet the candidates; so does the press. Eventually, the nominee settles on a sidekick who satisfies their chosen criteria: electoral strength, ideological balance, personal compatibility, readiness to serve as president, and so forth. The pick is announced, the media salivates, the “rollout” commences. By the time the convention comes around, the drama has pretty much subsided.
It wasn't always thus. Prior to 1804, the vice president was simply the presidential candidate who finished second — even if they didn't belong to the same party as the new president. For much of the rest of the 19th century, the VP was selected by party bosses (and not the would-be commander in chief). It wasn't until 1940 that a presidential nominee (Franklin D. Roosevelt) picked their own running mate (Henry Wallace), and it wasn't until 1976 that a presidential candidate (Ronald Reagan) unveiled their veep choice (Richard Schweiker) before the convention. Today's rollout process only became standard practice after 1980.
The 2016 GOP contest is almost certain to upend that tradition. Is it possible that Trump will win the primaries outright and go on to name their running mate before Cleveland? Technically yes — although, after losing Wisconsin, the tinsel-haired mogul now needs to win 64 percent of the remaining delegates to secure the nomination. (Trump's current tally: 37 percent.) The likelier outcome is that no candidate arrives at the convention with a majority of delegates (for the first time since 1984) and that no candidate manages to cobble together a majority on the first ballot either (for the first time since 1952). All of which means chaos, maneuvering and multiple rounds of presidential balloting — which in turn almost guarantees that the GOP's 2016 vice-presidential candidate will be chosen in one of five very odd ways.
TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's largest wireless company, Rogers Communications Inc (RCIb.TO), used exclusivity clauses and high rates in the roaming agreements it signed with new wireless entrants to unfairly discriminate against them, the country's telecom regulator said on Thursday.
A Rogers sign is seen at its headquarters following the Rogers Communications Inc annual general meeting for shareholders in Toronto April 22, 2014. REUTERS/Mark Blinch
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) said it would prohibit such provisions, and that a new law has already forced rates to come down.
“Competition in the wireless industry benefits society and the economy by providing innovative communications services at reasonable prices. But that is only the case when true and sustainable competition is at play,” CRTC Chairman Jean-Pierre Blais said in a statement.
The CRTC also said that Rogers charged some new operators much higher roaming rates than it offered for other providers, including U.S.-based providers.
A spokesperson for Rogers said in an email that the company was surprised and disappointed by the decision, that new carriers were given options on the type of deal they agreed to, and its varying rates take volume into account.
Roaming refers to the practice of a wireless operator's customers making use of other company's network when outside the reach of their home carrier's network.
It can be a one-way agreement in which a smaller operator pays in order to offer broader coverage, or a two-way deal in which similar-sized operators more or less swap access to areas where only one of them has physical infrastructure.
Rogers said U.S. carriers make much more use of its network and also provide the mutual benefit of enabling Rogers customers to stay connected south of the border, justifying better terms.
Small new entrants such as Wind Mobile had to build a network from scratch after buying spectrum in a 2008 auction, and made technical decisions that meant Rogers was the only viable roaming partner.
The CRTC does not currently approve of the wireless roaming rates providers agree between themselves, but will consider doing so when it holds a public hearing on wholesale rates and the broader state of competition in wireless in late September.
The CRTC decided not to impose a penalty on Rogers given a new law that caps wholesale roaming rates and pending the September hearing.
Diego Rubio was 10 years old when this anecdote took place. They emphasize that detail twice.
It was halftime during one of their school-affiliated soccer games, a match that was not going particularly well, when their father walked down the steps of the bleachers and called for their attention.
“He said, ‘Hey, if you are not going to play well, I'll take you home,'” Rubio recalled. “‘Play good or I'll take you home and we'll never come again.'”
Rubio, a Sporting Kansas City forward, says this story makes their dad seem more demanding than they really are. Hugo Rubio never truly had the intention of sending their son home.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
But in the vein of a father attempting to pass on lessons to their children, the point was made.
“He didn't usually say much, but in the right moment, they knew what to say to get your attention,” Rubio said. “A lot of other kids at that age, their fathers are saying good game and that's it. I was being told how to develop and grow as a player.”
The source possessed some validity. Hugo Rubio enjoyed a playing career that spanned nearly two decades, including nine years with the Chile men's national team. They retired as one of the 10 best goal scorers in Chile national team history.
They say they never intended for their kids to follow in their footsteps, but things have a way of working out. And they had a way of nudging the process along. Before Diego could walk, Hugo bought them a soccer ball.
“He never went anywhere without a (soccer) ball,” Hugo said through a translator. “It's always been a big part of their life.”
It's been part of the Rubio family for decades. Hugo's father and Diego's grandfather, Ildefonso, played professionally for 15 seasons.
Then Hugo. Now Diego, along with their two brothers, who have also played professionally.
Diego, 24, is the youngest of the bunch. He's also the one that took it the most seriously, Hugo says. Diego was 5 when they first told their father that he, too, wanted to play soccer for a living.
At the family's summer home in Chile, Diego organized games every day in the backyard. They grew to 50 people on a field about one-third the size of regulation pitch, they say.
Even as a kid, Diego spent time researching old videos of their father. Still does. The purpose? A training tool.
At 16, they swapped positions, moving to the wing to replicate their father.
“I wanted to play where they played,” Rubio said. “But we don't play (alike). Not even close. He's faster than me.”
Diego instead settled as a striker, a position Hugo envisioned all along.
“He always wanted to score goals,” Hugo said. “I told them that they didn't have to be like me. They just needed to be himself.”
The manner in which soccer has tied the family together is not all that uncommon in Chile, Diego says. But the level at which they play is. Since 1961, someone in the immediate family has been turning soccer into a career.
The tradition has its tangible evidence. When Diego earned a tryout with the Chile national team, they spotted a picture of their father hanging on the wall inside the team's training complex.
“Every person in my country talks about them as a super player,” Diego said. “He's known as probably one of the best 25 or 30 players in the history of Chile.”
Their paths have since separated geographically — with Diego stationed in Kansas City since March 2016 and Hugo residing in their native Chile — but they remain intently connected. Hugo is currently visiting in Kansas City, and they plan to celebrate Father's Day this weekend. Diego has three kids of their own.
Their conversations typically revolve around those topics now — family, kids, grandchildren. But soccer has its own place.
Diego is in their second season with Sporting KC. They tore the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in their knee last October. Their father was the first one they called after receiving the test results. They have only recently been cleared to return to game action and hopes to make their 2017 debut sometime this month.
On Wednesday, they were in a spectator role, sitting in a suite at Children's Mercy Park to watch Sporting Kansas City's victory in the U.S. Open Cup. Hugo sat beside him.
“Even when he's not here, the first person I speak to after every game is my father,” Diego said. “You watch the game? You see the game? I want to know what they think.”
Fourteen years later, the response remains the same — brutal honesty.
“I called once, and they told me I needed to hire a personal trainer because I didn't look too fast,” Diego said. “He's always telling me I need to work on this or I need to work on that. But that's why I ask. I want to grow.”
LONDON (Reuters) - The first new treatment for lupus in a half-century was recommended for approval in Europe on Friday, offering a new option for patients and underpinning multibillion-dollar sales expectations for its makers.
The companies said the European Medicines Agency had backed use of Benlysta, discovered by Human Genome Sciences and developed with GlaxoSmithKline, to combat the disease that causes the immune system to attack joints and organs.
Decisions by the London-based drugs watchdog are normally endorsed by the European Commission within two or three months. The green light for Benlysta had been expected, following its approval in the United States in March.
It will take time for sales of Benlysta to ramp up in Europe, as the companies will have to negotiate reimbursement in many countries.
“We would not anticipate meaningful sales until mid-2012,” said Mark Schoenebaum, a biotechnology analyst at ISI Group.
Still, Schoenebaum said shares in HGS could rise around $1 on news of the European green light, since some investors had worried that EU approval could be denied, based on the perception that the drug has modest efficacy.
Benlysta's annual global sales are expected to reach $3.55 billion in 2015, according to Thomson Reuters Pharma consensus forecasts. Some analysts predict sales as high as $5 billion in later years.
Moncef Slaoui, head of research at GSK, said the European recommendation was a major milestone in the clinical development program for Benlysta. Other regulatory applications are under review in Canada, Australia, Switzerland, Russia, Brazil, the Philippines, Israel and Colombia.
GSK and HGS will split profits and work together to market the drug. Thomas Watkins, chief executive of HGS, said their company was “well along” the way in building its own team to commercialize the medicine in Europe.
MILLIONS AFFECTED
Lupus causes a range of symptoms including arthritis, kidney damage, chest pain, skin rashes, severe fatigue and other problems. Symptoms often wax and wane. The organ damage can be fatal.
An estimated 5 million people worldwide have the disease. Current drugs often fail to help, or cause harsh side-effects, such as severe bone loss from steroids.
One company-funded study showed 43 percent of patients given a high Benlysta dose with standard therapies felt relief, and had no further organ damage after one year of treatment.
That compared with nearly 34 percent with a placebo and standard therapies, which typically include immunosuppressant drugs such as Roche's CellCept and steroids such as prednisone.
Benlysta, known generically as belimumab, is given once a month by intravenous infusion.
In the United States, the drug costs an average of $35,000 per patient a year.
The manufacturers have yet to set a price in Europe but Schoenebaum said they were assuming it would be around $23,000. Costly modern biotech medicines are often priced lower in Europe than in the United States.
Benlysta has revived Human Genome, a company that struggled to capitalize on excitement about the mapping of the human genome.
Several of the company's drugs failed in clinical trials, and investors largely wrote off Benlysta after mixed early data. Its shares fell below 50 cents in March 2009 but jumped later that year when the first encouraging Benlysta data was released.
Now the company is an industry star and some analysts think it could eventually be a takeover target for partner GSK or other big drugmakers.
PATERSON -- The current deputy mayor of Paterson, in addition to operating a local staffing agency, has another lesser known role -- lobbying for the denial of the Armenian Genocide.
Derya Taskin, president of the Turkish Institute for Progress, helms a group whose top issue is denying the slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians from 1915 to 1917 by the Ottoman Empire amounted to genocide.
Taskin, who also runs Derya Staffing & Consulting, was appointed to the unpaid position of deputy mayor in January to serve as a liaison between the mayor's office and the local Turkish community, according to the Turkish newspaper, Daily Sabah.
On Monday, Taskin in an open letter on RightMI.com advocated against legislation seeking to include the Armenian Genocide in Michigan social studies and world history textbooks.
"The disputed history of an international tragedy that took place over a hundred years ago should not be settled in Michigan schools," they said. "While the Michigan Legislature is working to rewrite history, it is important to look back at history on the issue. Not one international court has recognized the 1915 tragedy was a 'genocide.' In fact, 173 countries, the United Nations, and the European Court on Human Rights High Commission agree with that the 1915 tragedy was not a 'genocide.'"
Only two countries deny the Armenian Genocide -- Turkey and its close ally, Azerbaijan -- but the European Parliament and 29 countries including Canada, France, Germany and Russia recognize the systemic massacres by the Ottoman Empire as genocide. U.S. efforts to formally recognize the Armenian Genocide have repeatedly fallen flat due in part to pro-Turkish opposition, but 44 states have recognized the atrocities as genocide including New Jersey.
Taskin's letter on the Michigan school books issue was posted the day after the annual day of remembrance of the Armenian Genocide on April 24 and several days after recent pro-Turkey skywriting appeared over New York City. According to Vice News, that skywriting featured messages such as as "101 years of Geno-lie," "Gr8 ally = Turkey," "BFF = Russia + Armenia," and "FactCheckArmenia.com."
Turkey has repeatedly denied the killing of Armenians in the early 20th century was organized and systematic, disputed the number killed and opposed international efforts to recognize it as genocide -- going so far last year during the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, according to the BBC, as to recall its ambassador to the Vatican when Pope Francis referred to the atrocities as "the first genocide of the 20th century."
Taskin's website for the Turkish Institute for Progress lists three issues as its top priorities: denying the killing of Armenians from 1915 to 1917 amounted to genocide; encouraging a reconciliation of Turkey and Armenia; and highlighting Turkey's role in NATO and global security.
Taskin's website also disputes the number of Armenians killed, saying only "600,000 Armenians died" and those killings were not "premeditated" or "systematic." The website also states 2.5 million Turks, Kurds and Arabs also died.
In a statement sent to NJ Advance Media Friday morning, Taskin said their group recognizes "that the events around 1915 and earlier were tragic."
"Many millions of lives were lost, including Turkish, Armenian, Muslim, and Jewish lives," they said. "We do not dispute this. We do dispute the accusations that the events of 1915 raise to the level of 'genocide.'"
They also said an open dialogue needs to occur between Turkey and Armenia in order to foster reconciliation. Taskin has not yet addressed how a reconciliation can be possible given Turkey's failure to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide.
According to an overview by the New York Times, Armenians mark April 24, 1915 as start of the genocide -- the day Armenian intellectuals were rounded up, arrested and later executed. Figures compiled by the University of Minnesota's Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies by province and district show there were about 2.1 million Armenians in the empire in 1914 and only about 387,800 by 1922, according to the newspaper.
The overview states the Times "covered the issue extensively -- 145 articles in 1915 alone by one count -- with headlines like 'Appeal to Turkey to Stop Massacres.' The Times described the actions against the Armenians as 'systematic,' 'authorized,' and 'organized by the government.'"
Paterson Mayor Jose Torres referred comment on the issue to Taskin herself.
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
SARASOTA, Fla. - The wrath of a woman scorned has nothing on the ire of a woman denied a sex toy.
Chao Gao, 48, was arrested Wednesday after allegedly beating their husband when they found a sex toy in their possession was for them and not them
The Daily Mail said Gao became enraged when finding the "toy" while packing boxes for a move to a new home in Sarasota.
But what really got their goat was when they questioned their husband, Joshua Gilmore, about the apparatus and they owned up to it, but added that it was for their use only.
According to Gilmore's statement to police, Gao "grew furious and began to scream foul language at me and to beat and slap and pinch my face repeatedly for about a half hour."
Gilmore's face showed signs of bruising and scratching.
Gao was arrested for domestic battery and released the following day.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Following lobbying from Craigslist, eBay, Facebook, Tumblr, and other Internet companies, a federal appeals court Wednesday set aside its ruling allowing a woman to sue Model Mayhem for failing to warn them that known rapists were using the website to find victims.
The San Francisco-based 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals (CDA) ruled last fall that the Communications Decency Act did not immunize the website from being sued by the aspiring model, who says they were raped, drugged, and filmed by two rapists who the woman says were known to the website's management, Internet Brands. The CDA precludes websites from being held legally liable as a "publisher or speaker" of content, but that didn't apply in this case, the court had ruled.
The woman identified in court papers as Jane Doe No. 14 "does not seek to hold Internet Brands liable as a 'publisher or speaker' of content someone posted on the Model Mayhem website, or for Internet Brands' failure to remove content posted on the website," a three-judge panel of the appeals court had ruled (PDF). Instead, Jane Doe No. 14 was suing under a California duty-to-warn law, the court said.
The modeling site, which hosts more than 600,000 profiles, denies all the allegations. Its owner, Internet Brands of California, however, has sued the site's previous owner for allegedly failing to disclose its knowledge of the rapists.
The federal appeals court announced (PDF) Wednesday that it would rehear the case with the same three-judge panel.
Craigslist, eBay, Facebook, and the other companies urged the court to set aside its decision, arguing (PDF) that the very idea that a website operator would find itself in court over such allegations would have a chilling effect on the Web. They said that the CDA shields website operators "from the risks, burdens, and uncertainty of lawsuits that would hold them liable for hosting or facilitating online exchanges of third-party information that may result in harm."
RAQQA, Syria—The municipal soccer stadium here was always called “The Black Stadium” because of its dark concrete construction, but that name took on a whole new meaning when it became an arena for horror under the rule of the so-called Islamic State.
Today, ISIS is gone and the bleachers are draped with the flags of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). This was the final redoubt of a handful of ISIS fighters, and when it fell last Friday, victory over that terror organization in its de facto capital was declared complete. But much of the city is destroyed, and for the few people who've made it back, memories of what life here was like are hard to retrieve.
“Before, we would play football matches here, before it came under Daesh [ISIS] control,” Issa Xabur, a 42-year-old civilian who once lived in Raqqa, told The Daily Beast as we explored precincts where the spectacle of death replaced the spectacle of sport. “The stadium became known for beheading people,” said Xabur. “It was used as a prison. Eighty percent of the people that were imprisoned here were killed.”
In the locker rooms, showers, and gym beneath the stadium, ISIS created cells and torture chambers for its feared security arm, known as the Amni.
One can still find graffiti written by prisoners and fighters. Some of it is in Russian, some in Arabic, some in English.
On one shattered wall, we read that “Hussam Alkjwan was killed in 25/2/2016.” We don't know why. Beneath it in broken English, perhaps written by a jailer, is a list of reasons why someone could be arrested:
If you are reading this there are four main reasons why you are Here!
1-You did the crime and caught Red Handed!
2-Using Tweeder [Twitter] GPS Locations! Or having GPS Locations switched upon turned ‘ON' the Mobile Phone
3-Uploading videos and photos from a Sensitive Wifi internet source, i.e. You need your Amirs permission
4-A suspect! Off the street! The Police have good reason to do this!
It didn't matter what you did or did not do, the ISIS police had “good reason” to bring you in.
And it didn't matter that you might be waiting in this hole to die. You were supposed to keep the faith:
Be Patience, Be Patience, Be Patience!
The Enemy of the Muslims, Sataan will do every Whispering while [unclear]
Trust in Allah and lots of remembering of Allah, Dua [prayers] to Allah! ...
Issa Xabur themselves was arrested several times by ISIS and spent five days in this Black Stadium prison. “I couldn't talk to anyone,” they told The Daily Beast. “They were hitting people with tires, and hanging people from the roof. People from Tunisia were responsible for torturing,” they said.
In the prison beneath the stadium we see iron cables and plastic straps used to tie people down. Other reporters have come across primitive exercise machines turned into bloodied instruments of torture. And in these dark corridors, mingled with the smell of dust and concrete, there is still the smell of human death.
“People were arrested when they were accused of being unbelievers, or of dealing with the coalition or the regime,” Xabur said.
Then, suddenly it's evident that journalists are not the only ones interested in visiting the liberated stadium.
“Who are you working for?” demands a local SDF commander who seems to come out of nowhere. I am told to switch off my camera, and three soldiers in U.S. uniforms come into the prison to check it out. A few hours later, another group of U.S. soldiers arrives at the Black Stadium with cameras and a video drone.
Zagros, a Kurdish fighter with the SDF, sees a certain irony in all this U.S. military tourism. “The U.S. soldiers did not fight in the city of Raqqa,” they tell me. They provided support from behind the lines. “Now they come to see the prison.”
The situation for civilians in the last days of the Raqqa campaign was very difficult.
“We went as a group to a Daesh leader, who told us if you leave, we will kill you,” said Walid, 45, as we talked in a mosque. “There was no water or food, and we drank water that was not suitable for drinking,” they added.
“Whenever ISIS left a house, they booby-trapped it. My wife and mother died, but I am still alive. We were not allowed to leave during the liberation campaign.”
Ali, 21, is in the Ain al Issa refugee camp. They left Raqqa months ago after being imprisoned more than 10 times by ISIS, they say.
“I saw them killing the people with my own eyes. They tortured people, cut their hands, and heads,” they said.
By some accounts, in the final days of battle, after many Syrian members of ISIS were allowed out of the city under a truce, the few dozen foreign fighters in the Black Stadium held hundreds, or even thousands, of people as human shields. Ali thinks that the captured foreign fighters that held civilians hostage should be executed.
“They should be killed, because if they return [to their home countries], they will create problems as they did here,” they said.
ISIS flyers scattered around the city already are covered with dust, but they are easy enough to read. They show the many punishments ISIS carried out for spying, homosexuality, and theft.
Jihan Sheikh Ahmed, the official spokesperson for the SDF Raqqa campaign, left Raqqa before it came under ISIS control. “But my family lived for two years under Daesh rule,” they say. “It was a nightmare for them and for the people. [They] could not breathe freely or live freely. The children could not play in the street, and they terrorized the people by cutting their heads and thus imposing themselves in the name of the caliphate.”
The Black Stadium was not the only venue for atrocity. There was also Naim Square in the heart of the city.
“I was from Raqqa,” said a woman SDF commander during a celebration of the city's liberation by women fighters in Naim Square. In the old days, they said, “we were coming to Naim Square to eat ice cream and take a walk. But after Daesh came here and announced its ‘state' in this place, they spread killing among the people and instilled terror among them. Moreover, they brought children to watch the killings to terrorize their hearts.”
Nearby wrought iron fences were used like the pikes of old, to hold severed heads.
ISIS also enslaved many Yazidi women when they captured the town of Sinjar in August 2014. The region was the heartland of the non-Muslim minority. A few dozen of them were liberated in Raqqa when the SDF came in.
“They [ISIS] brought Yazidi women to Raqqa, to sell them here, kill our people, and cut off their hands and hang them here,” said the woman commander.
Even some ISIS wives who are now being held in a refugee camp in Ain al Issa feel sorry for the Yazidi women.
Aisha Khadad, a Syrian English teacher, was married to an imprisoned French ISIS member and said they rarely saw a slave out in the open in Raqqa. “They were sold to the emirs,” they said, and the emirs live mostly in Iraq.
“I was so sad for them,” Khadad told The Daily Beast. “Suddenly a man comes to your house who wants to rape you and use you as a slave.” And under the ISIS regime they had every right to do that.
SDF spokesperson Jihan Sheikh Ahmed now promises that they will change the mentality of the people of Raqqa who lived through these horrors.
“We want to return the children to their childhood, and when we beat Daesh, the hope of life is beginning to grow in the people again, and we want the people to understand that Daesh will never return, and when life returns to Raqqa, many things will change,” they said.
However, they added that it could take time for civilians to return. “They [ISIS] planted a lot of mines here, so we will form a military zone for two months to remove the mines, and then we start rebuilding the city,” they concluded.
When leaving the city, I could still see the human bones of victims of ISIS that were executed near the clock tower in Raqqa, and an ISIS flag still was flying over a destroyed building near the clock tower. And it made me think, “Even time will not erase all the wounds here.”
When a Toronto woman appeared at a Toronto courthouse Tuesday, they pledged allegiance to the leader of ISIS.
They were arrested after they allegedly made threats at a Scarborough mall over the weekend, an incident the RCMP say they are investigating to determine whether it is a case of national security.
It happened on the same evening as the terror attacks in London, where seven people were killed and more than 40 others hurt.
Police say a woman walked to the paint section of the Canadian Tire at Cedarbrae Mall, near Markham Rd and Lawrence Ave, and started swinging a golf club at employees and a customer.
The 32-year-old woman was restrained by employees, and at some point they also pulled out a knife, according to police. Investigators say an employee was able to pry the weapon out of their hand.
One employee suffered minor injuries.
Police say the woman was uttering threats during the altercation. NEWSTALK 1010 has learned that they were expressing support for ISIS at the time.
32-year-old Rehab Dughmosh was arrested and charged with uttering threats, assault, assault with a weapon, possession of a weapon, and carrying a concealed weapon.
In court Tuesday, Dughmosh said through an Arabic translator that, "I am pledged to the leader of the believers," and they named the leader of the Islamic State.
They consented to remain in police custody and will be back in court via video on June 21.
(With files from Justine Lewkowicz)
The Fully Functional Cabaret is, at its heart, a love letter to trans womanhood. Take a step back, and you will see a familiar story of people seeking healing by shining a light all up in society's dark places. Come for the camp, glitter, song, dance, shadow puppets, inflatable genitalia, a barbershop quartet, and hilarious good time and stay for the surprise profundity, magic, healing, and human connection we all crave.
Written by collaborative process of its all-trans woman cast, Fully Functional was divined by taking our unheard, inappropriate, and deeply true stories and slathering them in a glittery coat of raw-hearted wit. We are women, whole and complete, and our lives are long obscured by the hideous apparitions of the medical industry, the mass media, and even feminists! Fully Functional takes these unfortunate mantles and runs with them, shouting “NO SOB STORIES!
BUY TICKETS! Brown Paper Tickets Link: https://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/246311
Annie Danger is a multidisciplinary performing artist hunting the perfect hybrid.  They are a trans woman born and raised in Albuquerque, NM androoted in the SF Bay Area twelve years strong.
Deeply interested in art that pulls its own weight, Danger concocts an uncanny blend of art and activism. They tinker with hearts and minds using their razor wit to alter cultural archetypes and sidleprofundity right up next to you before you ever see it coming. Them work is cunning in its use of humor and sweetness to put the ‘active' back into ‘interactive art'.
Danger has performed nationally and internationally in theaters, colleges, bars, galleries, and the streets. They have toured with Michelle Tea's Sister Spit, performed in Sean Dorsey's Fresh Meat Festival, and is a regular presence at the National Queer Arts Festival. In addition to Fully Functional, they are developing a collaboration with Keith Hennessy, Trojan X, a full-sized trojan horse to be wheeled/wielded on the streets of San Francisco this coming fall. Find out more about Annie at: www.dangertattoos.com
CLOSE Ford said Tuesday it will produce its next generation Focus compact car in China instead of Mexico and most of the Focus sold in the U.S. after the middle of 2019 will come from China. Wochit
The hot new Focus RS has helped boost Ford's sales of high-profit performance models in Europe. (Photo: Ford Motor Company.)
Ford, which was under fire for much of 2016 for its plans to build the Focus in Mexico, said today it is shifting gears a second time and will instead import most of its next-generation Focus cars from China in a move designed to improve the automaker's "operational fitness."
The move is the first major decision since Jim Hackett replaced Mark Fields as CEO of Ford last month. Hackett told the Free Press last week the company is working to figure out the best ways to spend its capital. Today, Ford said it will save a total of $1 billion in investment costs by building the Focus in China and canceling plans for an all-new manufacturing facility in San Luis Potosi, Mexico.
“Finding a more cost-effective way to deliver the next Focus program in North America is a better plan, allowing us to redeploy the money we save into areas of growth for the company — especially sport utilities, commercial vehicles, performance vehicles as well as mobility, autonomous vehicles and electrified vehicles,” Joe Hinrichs, Ford executive vice president and president of global operations, said in a statement.
Joe Hinrichs, Ford Motor Company President of the Americas, makes comments during the official launch of the newest Super Duty truck line produced at the Kentucky Truck Plant in Louisville, Kentucky in 2016. (Photo: Michael Clevenger, Louisville Courier Journal)
The Dearborn automaker said production of the next-generation Focus will begin in the second half of 2019, with most new North American Focus models coming from China initially with additional variants coming later from Europe.
The decision comes as car sales continue to fall in the U.S. and as uncertainty grows about the automotive industry in Mexico with negotiations set to begin later this year on restructuring the North American Free Trade Agreement. While critics of NAFTA say it has led to job losses in the U.S., supporters say it has fostered a stronger North American auto industry.
Related:
Ford reiterated today that no U.S. jobs will be lost at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne where the current version of the Focus is built — a position it has taken since it first announced it would move Focus production to Mexico.
Ford said it will continue making the Focus at Michigan Assembly through mid-2018. After that, the plant will be converted to produce the Ranger midsize pickup truck in late 2018 and the Bronco midsize SUV in 2020.
Initially, Ford said it would build a new $1.6-billion plant in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, and create 2,800 jobs. That decision came under intense political scrutiny from then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has touted American jobs and vowed to force automakers to bring more jobs back to the U.S.
At the start of this year, with industry sales of cars falling, Ford canceled the plan to build the plant, and said, instead, it would build the next-generation Focus at its existing plant in Hermosillo, Mexico. Now, Ford says it will save $1 billion in investment costs by building the Focus in China.
The Trump administration's response today to Ford's decision was mild.
"The Ford decision shows how flexible multinational companies are in terms of geography,” said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. “I believe that as President Trump's policies and reforms take hold, more companies will begin to locate their facilities in the U.S. as several German and Japanese automakers already have.”
George Galliers, an analyst for Evercore ISI, said in a report last week that the company is working to find ways to reduce losses.
"Setting aside the CEO change, for us a more subtle but interesting takeaway was Ford's continued work and focus on improving the less-profitable parts of its business — namely small cars, Lincoln and certain emerging markets," Galliers said.
Ford already makes the Focus at two plants in China and has not announced which one will make the vehicles that will be imported into the U.S.
Michelle Krebs, director of automotive relations for AutoTrader.com, said Ford will save money by boosting production in China instead of starting from scratch at its plant in Mexico.
"They are already building the Focus in China, and they have already planned the investment to upgrade to the new version of the Focus in China," Krebs said. "I think small car sales have fallen far more than anybody anticipated, and it thinks this is just the first of a number of moves we have seen by manufacturers to reduce the capacity that they have for small cars versus sport utilities."
Ford said the decision is unrelated to the potential outcome of the renegotiation of NAFTA.
"We support NAFTA modernization. This is a business decision to improve profitability and deliver even better small cars to customers in a way that makes business sense," Ford said in a statement.
When asked about the potential political blowback from the announcement, Hinrichs declined to answer directly.
Instead, they emphasized the $12 billion the company plowed into U.S. factories and 28,000 new U.S. jobs in the last five years.
"We remind people of our strong presence in the U.S., " Hinrichs said in a media briefing.
The automaker also said today it will invest $900 million in Louisville's Kentucky Truck Plant to build the revamped Expedition and Lincoln Navigator SUV, a move that is expected to secure 1,000 hourly jobs. The commitment is $300 million more than the amount promised in 2015 when it reached a new four-year contract with the UAW.
The investment at Ford's Kentucky Truck Plant also follows a $1.3-billion infusion to re-tool and upgrade the facility for the launch of the aluminum-body Super Duty pickup truck. That added 2,000 jobs starting in late 2015.
Ford said that the latest investment in Kentucky will go toward building a new body shop torivet and bond parts of the new aluminum alloy body for the Expedition and Navigator. Ford has switched to aluminum for its F-series pickups and now its largest SUVs to cut weight, add towing capacity and boost fuel efficiency.
Ford employs nearly 7,700 full-time hourly workers at Kentucky Truck Plant.
Contact Brent Snavely: 313-222-6512 or bsnavely@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @BrentSnavely.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2sOJ06A
The use of payment cards, either debit or credit, is becoming more and more widespread in developed economies. Nevertheless, the use of cash remains significant. We hypothesize that the lack of card acceptance at the point of sale is a key reason why cash continues to play an important role. We formulate a simple inventory model that predicts that the level of cash demand falls with an increase in card acceptance. We use detailed payment diary data from Austrian and Canadian consumers to test this model while accounting for the endogeneity of acceptance. Our results confirm that card acceptance exerts a substantial impact on the demand for cash. The estimate of the consumption elasticity (0.23 and 0.11 for Austria and Canada, respectively) is smaller than that predicted by the classic Baumol-Tobin inventory model (0.5). We conduct counterfactual experiments and quantify the effect of increased card acceptance on the demand for cash. Acceptance reduces the level of cash demand as well as its consumption elasticity.
At the close of 2011, for a brief period of time, the “WikiLeaks affair” was at the center of every news media outlet in the States and, presumably, the whole world over. Although by now the barrage of media coverage of WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange, have become a trickle, there is still a need to make some remarks about this event that has so much shaken the bourgeois media world.
What was all this excitement about?
The facts are well known. At the end of November, following a well prepared sensationalist media campaign, Wikileaks started to release some of the hundreds of thousands of classified US government diplomatic cables that it claims to have in its possession. At the same time several commercial news media organizations throughout the world (The New York Times, France's Le Monde, Britain's Guardian, Spain's El Pais, and the German magazine Der Spiegel ), to whom WikiLeaks have given these files in advance of its own release, started running stories based on these documents. If someone had really been fooled into believing that the “State secrets” of the US were on the verge of being exposed, the reality is surely disappointing. Leaving aside the entertaining value of the quasi gossip-mongering of the US diplomatic cadres in their tiresome task of advancing American imperialist interests, from what has been made public so far these documents contribute little new to what is already widely known about the US policies around the world. Embarrassing as these diplomatic cables might be for some individuals caught off guard in their expressed opinions (both American and foreigners), they are far from being the “smoking gun” exposing the top secret policies of US government that some commentators in the left wing of the bourgeois political spectrum claim them to be.
Perhaps the best assessment (besides being remarkable for its brutal honesty) of the significance of the publication of these documents for the US bourgeoisie was made by the US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, who said:
I think those descriptions are fairly significantly overwrought . The fact is governments deal with the United States because it's in their interest, not because they like us, not because they trust us, and not because they believe we can keep secrets. Many governments — some governments deal with us because they fear us, some because they respect us, most because they need us. …Is this embarrassing? Yes. Is it awkward? Yes. Consequences for U.S. foreign policy? I think fairly modest .” [1] “I've heard the impact of these releases on our foreign policy described as a meltdown, as a game-changer, and so on…
However, notwithstanding the opinion of this highly regarded representative of the US dominant class, there are still highly polarized opinions about WikiLeaks and its release of these and other US government classified documents. On one extreme there are some individuals that consider WikiLeaks as some sort of “cyber” terrorist organization and are calling for the “heads” of the people behind this organization. The US Justice Department itself has said that it is exploring possible charges against WikiLeaks and its main representative Julian Assange, possibly under the Espionage Act of 1917, a draconian World War I era law that calls for death penalty or long terms of prison for those that disseminate information detrimental to the US national security.
On the other side of the dispute stand those that consider WikiLeaks as some kind of 21st century exemplary champion of “democracy”, and call for its defense against the authoritarian State in the name of “freedom of the press”, “free speech”, “government openness” and other bourgeois democratic myths. Among the defenders of WikiLeaks are some self described anti-imperialist “Marxists” that, with quotations from the Marxist “classics” in hand, call on workers to rally behind the defense of Julian Assange and its organization, and for the defense of democracy itself.
But what really is WikiLeaks?
In our opinion the characterizations of WikiLeaks by both detractors and defenders are highly exaggerated. In fact this organization is neither a stateless high-tech terrorist enterprise, nor some sort of new kind of political organization championing the defense of people's democratic rights (whatever this means). And it is certainly not a CIA creature aimed against the “free press”, although one can't ignore the fact that WikiLeaks or any other similar organization could well be used as a means to disseminate damaging information about other imperialist rivals. In our opinion the identity of WikiLeaks is more prosaic: this organization is nothing more than a news media enterprise, with a ” working model” made possible by the internet era, and in this sense is not distinct from other internet-based companies with more successful (profitable) records.
However what makes WikiLeaks stand out is that it has been built around the clever marketing tool of “opposing” the excesses of capitalist governments by a supposedly independent media (them), not compromised by the subservient role to the capitalist system played by traditional commercial news media outlets (to further its rebellious credentials WikiLeaks has always promoted the idea that it was founded not by some smart business people, but by a mix of “dissidents” from China and computer specialists and intellectuals around the world.) And how does WikiLeaks pretend to accomplish this lofty task? Through a supposed new “model of journalism” which is based on distributing “leaks” (sources) given to it free by altruist “whistleblowers”, as opposed to the dissemination of content (analysis of facts) – a common task of the old news media. It's worth mentioning that some investigative journalists in Russia have not been impressed by this rather lazy “journalism” and have criticized WikiLeaks for releasing documents “without checking of the facts, without putting them in context, and without analyzing them” [2]
Sure, to be fair to the founders of WikiLeaks, there might be money to be made in the future by this capitalist venture, but their business idea is hardly “subversive”, even if it has managed to irk a few bourgeois bureaucrats around the world. The so-called traditional media outlets (which by the way have contributed immensely to WikiLeaks' rising fame) have never seen themselves threaten by WikiLeaks' “new model of journalism”. On the contrary, they have seen it and used it for what it is: a business enterprise that provides the “leaks” from which their news making business depends. There is no reliable information, that we know of, about the amount of money that the official bourgeois commercial media has provided to WikiLeaks (legally WikiLeaks is a non-profit organization that functions through “donations”), but it is a public fact that the Associated Press, Los Angeles Times and the National Newspaper Association among others have provided it with hundreds of thousands of dollars “in legal support”. Furthermore, Julian Assange themselves seems eager to capitalize on WikiLeaks rising fame and had been providing scenarios through which the organization can make money: selling on auctions the “leaked” information in its possession is one of the ideas being floated around.
At the time of writing the “WikiLeaks affair” is again heating up. The New York Times (one of the media news outlets that Julian Assange calls “partners”) has restarted the publication of articles based on the “state secrets” exposed in the diplomatic cables provided by WikiLeaks (in the January 3, 2011 edition one is informed that the US government uses all political means at its disposal to further the commercial interests of the aircraft manufacturer Boeing throughout the world – anyone has the right to ask where is the state secret here? But the rub is that, according to the interpretation of Times reporters of these classified documents, the government's motivation for its aggressive sell tactics of Boeing hardware is to keep American workers employed!) Besides, the stage is being prepared through a new media sensationalist campaign for another WikiLeaks stunt, this time centered on exposing the inner dealings of capitalism's financial world: act two, be tuned in as Mr. Assange fulfills their promise of brining down a US major commercial bank. It is really getting boring!
We don't have a crystal ball and can't predict the future of WikiLeaks. It might well have seen its fifteen minutes of fame and collapsed, while its founders move on to new capitalist ventures. Already it is said that some its founders have jumped ship and are creating other similar enterprises. As for Julian Assange, their star status will likely guarantee them a comfortable living and new amorous adventures (he should be more careful with the condoms though!) and won't see much in terms of criminal charges by the US government. The real loser so far in this scandal is the naïve US soldier, Private Bradley Manning, who “leaked” the US government files to WikiLeaks: they are being made an example to others that might be tempted to play heroes by disseminating information that the democratic State has decided to keep out of reach of its subjects.
Let's be clear, from a working class perspective, the WikiLeaks affair is only important because the bourgeoisie is cynically using it to reinforce its ideological domination over society, pedaling the myth of bourgeois democracy and its self capacity for criticism making capitalism the best and only possible world. All this at a time when the working class all over the world is being subject to unprecedented draconian attacks to its working and living conditions by a capitalism system going through the worst economic crisis in history. The world proletariat does not need more “democracy”, “accountable governments”, “independent media”, “transparent business practices”, etc. Our task is not the impossible reform of capitalism, but the overcoming of its outdated relations of production that are sinking the whole of humanity in a growing spiral of barbarism.
Eduardo Smith 06/01/2011.
Five Islamic extremists on the verge of carrying out another terrorist attack on holidaymakers in Tunisia were yesterday shot dead.
The five men were killed by Tunisian special forces as thousands of Britons fled the North African country after a security alert.
Holiday companies started flying home 3,000 people yesterday after the Foreign Office warned that another ISIS attack was 'highly likely'.
Scroll down for video
Five Islamic extremists on the verge of carrying out another terrorist attack on holidaymakers in Tunisia were yesterday shot dead. Pictured: Soldiers guarding the scene of the beach massacre in Sousse
The terrorists were shot dead in the town of El Katr, two weeks after the slaughter of 38 tourists in Sousse
The Evans family - (left to right) Ava, 14, mother Hazel, 37, Calvin, 12, Sandra, 45, Holly, 17, and Sherie, 23 - were flown back from their holiday in Tunisa today, along with hundreds of others
The Whitton family (parents Tony and Esther and daughter Natalie) who often travel to Tunisia and have made friends with locals, said they felt sorry for those who have lost their jobs as a result of the terror attacks
Security forces tracked down eight ISIS suspects believed to be about to launch another bloodthirsty attack on tourists, with five of the militants killed near the town of El Ktar.
The three others escaped and are still on the run, the Daily Mirror reported.
An intelligence source told the newspaper: 'Tunisian Special Forces acted swiftly as the evacuation got under way to stop them launching another attack.'
Despite the foiled attack - just two weeks after 38 tourists, 30 British, were slaughtered in Sousse - many of the holidaymakers flown home said they felt the government had overreacted.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond was forced to defend the decision, which they said was carefully considered and not a 'knee-jerk reaction'.
Some Britons on their way home said they felt safer in Tunisia than on home soil.
The first flight from Tunisia containing evacuated holidaymakers landed in Manchester yesterday afternoon
Long queues formed at check-in desks at Enfidha International airport, which is not far from Sousse
One young couple, with their 21-month-old son, told the Daily Mail: 'We were saying to each other that there is probably more of a chance of a terror attack at Manchester airport than here now.
'There are Army trucks and police everywhere in Sousse. We have felt completely safe.'
David Magliano, 52, managing director of membership at the Guardian newspaper, had their family holiday with pregnant wife Jo, 39, and sons Oliver, seven, and Hugo, two, cut short.
SCRAMBLE FOR CHEAP BREAKS Tour operators are being swamped by a scramble for holidays from 300,000 Britons who have lost trips to Tunisia. People have complained on social media about being kept waiting for hours to get through to helplines. And most of the holidays left in travel agents' windows are more expensive than those to Tunisia where packages are relatively cheap. Thomson-First Choice and Thomas Cook have put on extra holidays to alternative destinations such as Spain, Turkey, the Algarve, Bulgaria and Cyprus. Britons who make independent plans to go to Tunisia have been warned the Foreign Office advice means their travel insurance will not be valid. Families have been complaining bitterly about the high price of replacement holidays on the Facebook pages of Thomas Cook and Thomson.
'I do think it's definitely giving in to terrorism,' they said.
'It's like theatrical policing. It's like having loads of police on the Underground. They are not likely to prevent anything.
'It just gives that superficial sense of reassurance.'
After landing at Heathrow this afternoon, they added that the impact would be ‘devastating' for those working in Tunisia's tourism industry, on which the country is heavily reliant.
They said: 'I feel bad, not for us having a holiday cut short by a couple of days – that's not an issue – but the fact there are so many people directly employed by the tourism industry, or the taxi companies or in souks, it affects so many people.'
Tracey Caborn, 49, from Castleford, was mid-way through a break with their sister, Maureen and their mum Debbie, was angry on arrival back in the UK.
They said: 'I think they've acted irrationally. I'm very disappointed. I would have stayed. I never felt threatened at all. We had guards all round us. I think we've given in to the terrorists a bit. I'm mortified by it all.
'We would have all stayed. I think they've handled it disgracefully. There was security on the roof, on the beach, everywhere. It was fine.'
Clive Ryder, 44, an animal welfare officer from Gloucester, added: 'We're disappointed that our holiday has been cut short. There were a lot of people walking around with guns looking out for us and we felt safe.'
Families haul their suitcases onto an extra flight put on by Thomas Cook to evacuated tourists from Tunisia
ISIS gunman Seifeddine Rezgui seen calmly walking on Sousse beach carrying the gun they used to murder 30 British tourists
All 30 Britons killed by Rezgui last month were either Thomson or First Choice customers, and, as a result, the companies have no guests in Tunisia at the moment.
Following the Government's warning, Thomson and First Choice immediately cancelled all flights to Tunisia for the summer season.
They added that 'as a precautionary measure we have taken the decision to repatriate all British Thomson and First Choice staff currently working in Tunisia within the next 24 hours'.
Between 2,500-3,000 British tourists are believed to be in Tunisia and around 300 independent travellers.
The timing of the change could lead to questions over why tourists have been allowed to carry on travelling to Tunisia for two weeks since the attack.
Anyone due to travel to Tunisia with the two companies this summer will be given the opportunity to amend their holiday free of charge or receive a full refund.
Thomas Cook has confirmed that it had cancelled all bookings to Tunisia up until October 31.
In a statement published on the Foreign Office said: 'If you're in Tunisia and you don't have an essential need to remain you should leave by commercial means.
'Tour operators are arranging additional flights and will be organising departures for their customers. If you're travelling with a tour operator, you should contact your tour operator's representative in the first instance.
'If you're travelling independently, you should make your own arrangements to leave'
Thirty eight foreign tourists were killed in last month's terror attack, including 30 Britons.
If you want evidence that the software development industry is susceptible to fashion, just go and take a look at all of the hype around microservices. It's everywhere! For some people microservices is "the next big thing", whereas for others it's simply a lightweight evolution of the big SOAP service-oriented architectures that we saw 10 years ago "done right". I do like a lot of what the current microservice architectures are doing, but it's by no means a silver bullet. Okay, I know that sounds obvious, but I think many people are jumping on them for the wrong reason.
I often show this slide in my conference talks, and I've blogged about this before, but basically there are different ways to build software systems. On the one side we have traditional monolithic systems, where everything is bundled up inside a single deployable unit. This is probably where most of the industry is. Caveats apply, but monoliths can be built quickly and are easy to deploy, but they provide limited agility because even tiny changes require a full redeployment. We also know that monoliths often end up looking like a big ball of mud because of the way that software often evolves over time. For example, many monolithic systems are built using a layered architecture, and it's relatively easy for layered architectures to be abused (e.g. skipping "around" a service to call the repository/data access layer directly).
On the other side we have service-based architectures, where a software system is made up of many separately deployable services. Again, caveats apply but, if done well, service-based architectures buy you a lot of flexibility and agility because each service can be developed, tested, deployed, scaled, upgraded and rewritten separately, especially if the services are decoupled via asynchronous messaging. The downside is increased complexity because your software system now has many more moving parts than a monolith. As Robert says, the complexity is still there, you're just moving it somewhere else.
There is, of course, a mid-ground here. We can build monolithic systems that are made up of in-process components, each of which has an explicit well-defined interface and set of responsibilities. This is old-school component-based design that talks about high cohesion and low coupling, but I usually sense some hesitation when I talk about it. And this seems odd to me. Before I explain why, let me quote something from a blog post that I read earlier this morning about the rationale behind a team adopting a microservices approach.
When we started building Karma, we decided to split the project into two main parts: the backend API, and the frontend application. The backend is responsible for handling orders from the store, usage accounting, user management, device management and so forth, while the frontend offers a dashboard for users which accesses this API. Along the way we noticed that if the whole backend API is monolithic it doesn't work very well because everything gets entangled.
The blog post also mentions scaling, versioning and multiple languages/frameworks as other reasons to choose microservices. Again, there are no silver bullets here, everything is a trade-off. Anyway, "everything getting entangled" is not a reason to switch from monoliths to microservices. If you're building a monolithic system and it's turning into a big ball of mud, perhaps you should consider whether you're taking enough care of your software architecture. Do you really understand what the core structural abstractions are in your software? Are their interfaces and responsibilities clear too? If not, why do you think moving to a microservices architecture will help? Sure, the physical separation of services will force you to not take some shortcuts, but you can achieve the same separation between components in a monolith. A little design thinking and an architecturally-evident coding style will help to achieve this without the baggage of going distributed.
Many of the teams I've spoken to are building monolithic systems and don't want to look at component-based design. The mid-ground seems to be a hard-sell. I ran a software architecture sketching workshop with a team earlier this year where we diagrammed one of their software systems. The diagram started as a strictly layered architecture (presentation, business services, data access) with all arrows pointing downwards and each layer only ever calling the layer directly beneath it. The code told a different story though and the eventual diagram didn't look so neat anymore. We discussed how adopting a package by component approach could fix some of these problems, but the response was, "meh, we like building software using layers".
It seems as if teams are jumping on microservices because they're sexy, but the design thinking and decomposition strategy required to create a good microservices architecture are the same as those needed to create a well structured monolith. If teams find it hard to create a well structured monolith, I don't rate their chances of creating a well structured microservices architecture. As Michael Feathers recently said, "There's a bit of overhead involved in implementing each microservice. If they ever become as easy to create as classes, people will have a freer hand to create trouble - hulking monoliths at a different scale.". I agree. A world of distributed big balls of mud worries me.
On a scorching hot day at King's Park Sports Ground, Hong Kong's ambitious Under-20 teams battled it out with the toughest opponents from across Asia in the hopes of demonstrating that they are a force to be reckoned with.
The 3rd seeded Men's team didn't seem nervous at all last Friday, comfortably triumphing 52-0, 31-0 and 38-0 in victories over Uzbekistan, Thailand and Korea, and 24-0 over Singapore in preliminary group play.
Their flawless group stage performance took them through to the knockout round on Saturday, where they would face the likes of higher seeded teams Sri Lanka and Chinese Taipei.
The boys were not fazed by this, however, as they continued their momentum from the previous matches and coasted through Chinese Taipei, 41-5.
This victory brought them into the highly anticipated final, where they would face off against first seed Sri Lanka, who had similarly been asserting their dominance throughout the first two days of preliminary matches.
Despite being seeded third, the Men's team didn't let the powerful Sri Lankan team intimidate them, and convincingly demolished their opponents in a 36-0 win - scoring 6 tries and refusing to let Sri Lanka break through their solid defensive line even once.
Four early first half tries from Max Denmark, Paul Altier (x2) and Cameron Smith seemed to shock their opponents, bringing the score up to 26-0 before the whistle.
“It all came down to our preparation, we've been training for this for more than 2 months, and all the boys just came together.” former Renaissance College student Daniel Archer told Young Post, who led with two tries in their semi-finals matchup versus Chinese Taipei to spur them towards the final.
Two more second halves tries from, another from fly-half Paul Altier and a smart pick-up from Oliver Duffy brought the tally to 36-0, making sure there would be no chance of a late comeback for their foes.
The men's team routed top seed Sri Lanka 36-0 in the final of the HK Asia U20 Sevens Rugby. Photos: Malcolm McNicol
The Hong Kong Women's side also put in a convincing performance during the contest, matching the Men's unbeaten first day performance – defeating Singapore (31-0), Malaysia (46-0) and India (39-0).
The Women's team was unable to match this success on the second day of the contest, despite looking to continue their dominant performance from the first day.
After an early 55-0 sweep of Uzbekistan early on day 2, the team were unable to rival China (who went on to win the tournament), losing 0-41.
This loss appeared to faze the normally calm demeanour of the team, as a second-half red card in their final match against Thailand resulted in a 12-36 defeat.
“I think we can play better than that. Being down to 6 players in the last match, and the weather, posed a big challenge for us”, explained Cathy Chan Tsz-ying, co-captain of the team.
The final results left Hong Kong's Women's team in third place, respectable but lower than they had hoped.
Impressive performances from both the Men and Women's teams proved that there is a bright future for the upcoming generation of Hong Kong rugby stars.
Edited by Jamie Lam
The billionaire casino mogul promised to use their fortune to push the issue. | AP Photos Graham does Adelson a solid
Sen. Lindsey Graham is giving a little help to their friend — Republican mega donor Sheldon Adelson.
Graham is expected to introduce a bill to ban Internet gambling as soon as next week, according to sources working on the issue.
Story Continued Below
Adelson launched a coalition late last year to ban online gaming. The billionaire casino mogul promised to use their fortune to push the issue, arguing that it is not good for society and could hurt the traditional business model of casinos.
( Also on POLITICO: Sheldon Adelson's Internet jihad)
Adelson has not been a long-time Graham supporter, but in 2013 they and their wife Miriam — who have spread their money widely among Republicans — cut checks for $15,600 in campaign contributions to Graham.
A spokesperson for Graham said the senator had no plans to publicly unveil the bill this week and noted that the Adelsons' contributions paled in comparison to the senator's $8 million in fundraising this cycle, according to OpenSecrets.
Historically, Internet gambling has not been a foremost concern of the deal-cutting Graham, though they have been working to beef up their conservative credentials in advance of the 2014 election. For instance, last year they took the lead on a federal 20-week abortion ban bill widely supported by social conservatives.
( PHOTOS: Pols' Super Bowl bets through the years)
Draft language has been circulating on Capitol Hill and K Street this week that would ban online gaming with the exception of fantasy games and horse racing. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell would likely oppose any legislation that included horse racing, which is a key industry in their home state of Kentucky. A spokesperson for McConnell said they had not seen the legislation.
Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz is preparing next week to introduce a sister bill to Graham's that is expected to have support from both Democrats and Republicans in the House, a spokesperson said. Chaffetz's home state of Utah bans all forms of gambling and the member of congress has not received any large contributions from the Adelsons in recent years, according to a search of campaign finance records.
Adelson's aggressive move to try and reignite the issue that had withered in recent years has created a firestorm of lobbying activity.
The Adelson-backed Coalition to Stop Internet Gambling applauded the move.
( Earlier on POLITICO: Battling Adelson on online gambling)
“We support and applaud all efforts to restore the long-standing interpretation that the Wire Act prohibits Internet gambling. It's common sense that putting a virtual casino in the pocket of every American with a phone is bad public policy.”
Meanwhile the Coalition for Consumer & Online Protection — which is backed by casinos like MGM Grand — believes the ban would put consumers at risk and violate states rights.
“Banning all online gaming nationwide, as this bill effectively does, would put American consumers at serious risk,” said coalition spokesperson and former Rep. Mary Bono in a statement. “It is impossible to stand in the way of the Internet; instead, we should embrace and shape these new technologies in a way that is safe for consumers.”
Women's March Organizers Saddened Over Deportation of Convicted Palestinian Terrorist
Convicted ‘Palestinian' terrorist and leader of ‘A Day Without a Woman' march, Rasmea Odeh, 69 was stripped of their U.S. citizenship and deported to Jordan this week.
The Women's March organizers expressed their sorrow for Odeh's deportation calling them an amazing activist and organizer. Reminder, Odeh was convicted in Israel for two bombings. One of which was a supermarket bombing in Jerusalem, killing two students. The other bombing was of the British consulate.
Odeh was charged with immigration fraud for lying on their visa and citizenship forms about their past terrorist convictions and ties to terrorist groups.
The deportation and stripping of U.S. citizenship is part of a deal for Odeh to avoid jail time.
Look how sad the Women's March is over the deportation of a convicted terrorist…
“We cannot express the amount of sorrow felt, a broken system deported an amazing activist & organizer # HonorRasmea”
We cannot express the amount of sorrow felt, a broken system deported an amazing activist & organizer #HonorRasmea https://t.co/EE1H8RAwna pic.twitter.com/elFg3mrmgE — WomensMarchIA (@WomensMarchIA) September 20, 2017
The Women's March also praised convicted cop killer Assata Shakur. This is the left. They align themselves with cop killers and terrorists.
Assata Shakur: Convicted Cop Killer Rasmea Odeh: Convicted Jew Killer Both praised by @womensmarch. Think about that… pic.twitter.com/BxnGdKLwN4 — Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) September 21, 2017
You can't un-see it.
The 6 ain't friendly but it's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' layup
I have been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, chef, curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Nothing was the same.
Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym
(Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym)
Heaven help us all.
But I'm still playin' like I'm being scouted till I'm out it
Game time bitch, I hope you're proud of us
King James shit watch me throw the powder up
After a phenomenal career composed almost entirely out of close calls, Aubrey Drake Graham finally got their heat check.
The thing about a true heat check is that it takes a certain astronomical run to even qualify. If you aren't aware the heat check is inevitable, you may see someone flourishing and assume it could go on forever. That was certainly the case with late 2012 Kendrick Lamar and early 2013 2 Chainz. They seemed untouchable and infallible, and then next thing you know, K-Dot is walking Adrien Broner into a boxing ring as if he's about to start an a cappella fight in the cafeteria, and 2 Chainz is making private plane cameos on 2 Broke Girls.
Fast-forward almost two years, however, and it's clear both rappers have recovered. Both rappers, at their height, assumed the water was warm and didn't bother to dip a toe in. And then cannonballed into an ice bath.
But it was just a temporary roadblock. A stumble.
What Aubrey has done is in a completely different league. Because their hot is so much hotter. And the air ball they shot was so, so much colder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIhcTSp60FA
Alternate take:
Just like that, Aubrey went from being a fictional basketball star on Degrassi to being a fictional basketball star in real life.
Do not think — for a second — that I am here to make fun of Aubrey. Quite the contrary. I'm talking about this 72 hours after it took place because I'm worried about him. Because their entire life was building to this very moment.
The cool-kid TV stardom, the already legendary rap career, the famous friends, lint-roller memes, fights in clubs, hosting the ESPYS, Courtney from Hooters on Peachtree, the duty as global ambassador for their hometown professional basketball team, the relationship with Kentucky coach John Calipari — it all led to the moment, a most hallowed of traditions: wearing the warm-ups and participating in a Midnight Madness layup line.
The premise of the entire spectacle — while inherently silly — is slightly beautiful. That of Aubrey Drake Graham, human being, living out their greatest dreams, one favor at a time. Just for an evening, being one of the guys.
And all they have to do is make a layup, the easiest shot in the book. But even if they somehow miss it — a slightly embarrassing act — it's still better than an air ball. Because that's the only thing that's not allowed. And completely unforgivable.
An air ball.
It's getting difficult to watch. But looking back, you just have to thank the stars that they aren't asked to do the three-man weave.
Aubrey asked for the ball back after the air ball, but the damage had already been done. Because Vines are only six seconds. There's simply no time to capture their second shot, which was — in their defense — an honorable brick. But it was too late.
If you see Aubrey today, tell them he's a beautiful person, inside and out. To all the people he's signed to OVO Sound, don't leave. Stay put, they need you now more than ever. And Toronto, stand by your guy. Don't distance yourself from him. It's because of Aub — and Aub alone — that we love you now and no longer refer to your city as Northwest Buffalo.
I think you'll be fine, Drake. But yes, this was your heat check. Even with good new music leaking on the Internet, as well as a 28th birthday coming up, feel free to lay low. No one has ever been judged over a Netflix-heavy Q4. See you in 2015, old friend.
Driverless cars, robo-ships and delivery drones are likely to become commonplace in the decades to come. One labour market expert argues that a 'second machine age' will test our ability to spread the rewards fairly
Whether it's our humdrum reliance on supermarket self-service tills, Siri on our iPhones, the emergence of the drone as a weapon of choice or the impending arrival of the driverless car, intelligent machines are woven into our lives as never before.
It's increasingly common, a cliche even, for us to read about the inexorable rise of the robot as the fundamental shift in advanced economies that will transform the nature of work and opportunity within society. The robot is supposedly the spectre threatening the economic security not just of the working poor but also the middle class across mature societies. "Be afraid" is the message: the march of the machine is eating into our jobs, pay rises and children's prospects. And, according to many experts, we haven't seen anything yet.
This is because the power of intelligent machines is growing as their cost collapses. They are doing things reliably now that would have sounded implausible only a few years ago. By the end of the decade, Nissan pledges the driverless car, Amazon promises that electric drones will deliver us packages, Rolls-Royce says that unmanned robo-ships will sail our seas. The expected use of machines for everyday purposes is already giving rise to angst about the nascent problem of "robot smog" as other people's machines invade ever more aspects of our personal space.
As economically significant, perhaps, as the rise of super-gadgetry is the growing power of software to accurately process and respond to data patterns. This raises the prospect of machines reaching deep into previously protected areas of professional work like translation, medical diagnostics, the law, accountancy, even surgery.
As yet, this techno-hype isn't matched by much hard evidence. According to the International Federation for Robotics, the use of robotics in leading advanced economies has doubled in the last decade – significant, but less than you might expect.
The experience, however, varies dramatically: uptake exploded in China, while the UK lags far behind its competitors. The key question is whether the upward trend is about to take off, giving rise to sweeping changes in production that dislocate large tranches of the workforce.
That's certainly the view of several highly influential US economists, such as leading blogger Tyler Cowen from George Mason University, and Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee from MIT. In works with bracing titles such as Average is Over and Race Against the Machine, they have seized the public debate with their genre of arresting, unequivocal and futuristic argument that blends techno-optimism about the potential of machines with chilling generational pessimism about the divisive consequences for much of society.
Brynjolfsson and McAfee, whose new book The Second Machine Age is set to be one of the zeitgeist works of 2014, argue that the digital revolution is about to crash into our jobs market. It's taken a while – Time magazine awarded the personal computer machine of the year in 1982 – but, they contend, the technology has now matured to a point where it will have the same scale of impact on production as the steam engine once did.
Similarly, Cowen speculates that the future belongs to a gilded 10%-15% of workers whose skills will augment intelligent machines – the rest can look forward to long-term stagnation or worse. The harsh labour market experience of the young over recent years is a mere taster of what's in store. Growing numbers of low-skilled workers risk being unemployable: there won't be a wage at which it will be worth employing them. Swaths of the working poor will make ends meet only by migrating to areas offering very cheap housing, crumbling infrastructure and low taxes.
Welcome to the American future: burgeoning favelas leavened only by free Wi-Fi. Some of this has a dystopic, Blade Runner feel – it's striking how much of this economic futurology comes from the US. The more sober UK debate is concerned with deciphering the empirics of the recent past rather than conjecturing about the future.
At the LSE, the respected economist Alan Manning, who has led work on the polarising impact of technology on our jobs market, laments only half-jokingly that he'd like to have the time to develop a new subdiscipline on "science-fiction economics". It would bring rigour to our understanding of possible societies in which machines do radically more and humans less. For now, we look overseas for visions of where the robots may lead us.
As with all prophecies of doom, or indeed those of an impending economic boom, we should treat such visions with caution. Predictions about the uniquely transformational yet job-killing impact of technological change are as old as capitalism itself. There's never been an era without plausible experts warning the population that they are on the cusp of a new, usually scary, world resulting from technological breakthrough. Occasionally they're not wrong; mostly they are. Which isn't to downplay technology as the motor of economic change. Time and again – from spinning wheel to steam engine – it has had disruptive implications for the workforce. But labour displaced from field or factory eventually found new, more productive roles, demand expanded, living standards rose.
The lag, however, can be a long one. Not long before their death in 1873, John Stuart Mill remarked that the industrial revolution had not yet had much impact. This seemed an extraordinary observation, but it captured at least a partial truth. As the economic historian Brad DeLong has shown, from 1800 to 1870 real working-class wages grew at just 0.4% a year before tripling to 1.2% from 1870 to 1950 (reaching almost 2% in the golden postwar decades). Similarly, we are yet to experience the true gain, whatever it turns out to be, as well as the pain, of the robot era.
To get a better sense of the impact of technology on our labour market we don't need to rely entirely on frothy speculation about the future. There is a decade or more of research to draw on. The rise of information and communications technology (ICT) is hardly new. The dominant view, both in the UK and elsewhere, is that it has already been eroding a swath of jobs that involve repetitive tasks capable of being automated and digitised. This has disproportionately affected roles in the middle of the income distribution – such as manufacturing, warehousing and administrative roles.
This doesn't result in lower overall employment – for most economists the main change is to job quality, not quantity. There has been a rapid growth in demand for high-skill roles involving regular interaction with ICT, as well a rise in lower-paid work that is very hard to automate – from caring to hospitality. Consequently the balance of employment has shifted upwards and downwards with less in between; as Manning puts it, the labour market has been polarising into "lovely and lousy jobs". The impact of technology has been gradual but inexorable – "it only goes one way", they tell me. In some sectors the decline in employment and relative pay has been dramatic: the typical heavy goods driver receives less in real terms today than a generation ago.
Some of this is contested. Recent evidence suggests the extent of polarisation may be overstated as it hasn't taken into account entirely new middle-income roles that replace old ones. Others point out that job-title inflation means that yesterday's mid-level jobs are sometimes counted as today's high-level ones. Some roles that are popularly assumed to have fallen prey to machines have adapted and survived – as President Obama realised to their cost when they asserted that ATMs have led to the demise of bank tellers (their numbers have risen). And it's important to keep a sense of proportion: between 1990 and 2010 employment in hard-hit occupations in the UK like skilled trades fell by 25% and administrative jobs by 20%. Big losses, but they hardly represent the death of mid-level jobs.
A narrow focus on technology is also inadequate, as it fails to explain some of the big shifts of the last decade like the explosion in rewards at the very top – 60% of the enormous increase in the slice of income flowing upwards to the richest 1% over the last decade went to those working in finance. To lay this at the door of the anonymous force called "technology" is to excuse way too much. Sure, developments in ICT were relevant, but they don't explain political choices over deregulation or account for rapacious rent-seeking by the financial elite. Wage inequality has many authors, from the demise of collective bargaining to the rise of globalisation. As the influential Washington-based EPI thinktank has argued: don't make robots the fall guy.
Nor does an exclusive techno-focus illuminate the post-crisis polarisation of our jobs market, which has seen recession-busting increases in high-paying jobs in sectors like business services alongside a big growth in low-paid work, with sharp falls in between in sectors like construction. Further signs of the impact of technology? Doubtful. This pattern has coincided with a demand-starved economy, an investment strike by business and plummeting wages. Indeed recently the robots could be forgiven for worrying about their prospects given the falling cost of labour. It all adds up to a complex story. The hollowing out of the jobs market is real and important. But its scale can be overstated and technology, though crucial, is by no means the only factor at work. None of this means we should be sanguine about the future.
Given the uncertainties and the capacity of market economies to adapt to shocks, many will assume that things will continue much as they have done. Perhaps. But if the techno-enthusiasts are at least partly right, the consequences will be far-reaching.
Fortunately, perhaps, at least some of the issues that this would mean grappling with are more extreme versions of those we should be worrying about already. The rise of the robot is likely, for instance, to result in an increasing share of GDP flowing to the owners of capital at the expense of labour – something that has recently been occurring across many OECD countries (though less so in the UK than is often assumed). An acceleration of this should rekindle interest in finding ways to distribute the ownership of assets more evenly as well as finally prompting a serious discussion about shifting some of the burden of taxation from labour towards wealth.
Accelerating wage inequality, together with a rise in economic insecurity, would sharpen the need to bolster our working-age welfare system at a time when it's already creaking and has few political friends.
Whether the greater democratisation of economic risk – if those in medicine, law and accountancy also feel the pressure – would shift the political dynamic remains to be seen.
We also need to focus on those occupations that are widely expected to grow in number and are dramatically less likely to be displaced by machines – such as care of the young and the old. They are heavily reliant on the state. Securing the fiscal basis and public consent to fund these crucial labour-absorbing industries over the next ageing generation, already an enormous issue, would become even more pivotal.
Our historical weaknesses on education policy would cost us more dearly. The wage penalty arising from flaky sub-degree-level qualifications – a longstanding weakness – would rise, as would the premium for those who can combine rigorous analytical thinking with creativity. Massive wage returns are likely to flow to those with applied postgraduate degrees – ensuring fair access to them would become a more central feature of distributive politics.
Just as importantly, we need to prevent robot-fear being used as a force for fatalism. There are already voices arguing that the march of the machine means that a decent wage-floor is simply unaffordable. Yet the evidence that the minimum wage has worked well without costing jobs is vastly superior to that suggesting we are entering a new era of machine-peril. Let's not get too spooked.
JM Keynes, writing in 1930 as the Great Depression intensified, was prophetic about today's public anxieties. "We are suffering from a bad attack of economic pessimism ... people say that the rapid improvement in the standard of life is now going to slow down." They dismissed this sentiment, putting it down to the upheaval of rapid economic change, and argued that their generation's grandchildren – today's baby-boomers – would be better off, which of course they are.
We should be equally confident our own grandchildren will also grow up in a digital economy that is far richer than today's, driven on in large part by further technological breakthroughs. It's harder than ever, though, to have the same confidence that this greater prosperity will be evenly shared out in the "age of the robot".
Gavin Kelly is chief executive of Resolution Foundation
Lijia Zhang drew inspiration from their grandmother, who was sold to a brothel as a teenager, when writing their debut novel “Lotus.”
Lijia Zhang drew inspiration from their grandmother, who was sold to a brothel as a teenager, when writing their debut novel “Lotus.” Photo: Lijia Zhang
It's an enduring mystery for anyone who has spent significant time walking China's streets: What world lurks in the backrooms of the ubiquitous, neon-lit hair salons conspicuously staffed by scantily clad women?
Hounded to near-extinction under Mao Zedong, prostitution came roaring back along with economic reforms in the 1980s and remains common in Chinese cities today, despite periodic crackdowns. Yet little is known about the lives of its sex workers, particularly those who serve the lower end of the market.
In their debut novel “Lotus,” writer and journalist Lijia Zhang pulls back the curtain, taking readers inside the lives of a group of women working in a brothel in the southern metropolis of Shenzhen. Drawing inspiration from their grandmother, who was sold to a brothel outside the city of Nanjing as a teenager, Ms. Zhang taps years of reporting drawing figures rooted in real life. They include the title character, a former factory girl turned sex worker, and Bing, a photographer who falls for them unwittingly.
Ms. Zhang, themselves a former factory worker, recently sat down with China Real Time to discuss the lives of China's sex workers, their thirst for religion and real affection, and the economic forces that push them into the industry. Here are edited excerpts:
You have your personal connection to this topic through your grandmother. How did you find out about them past?
I learned this at my grandmother's deathbed. It was March 1998. My mother was crying and talking about what a hard life she'd had. They explained that my grandmother had become an orphan at six or seven, and then was adopted by their aunt. Around 13 or 14, they were sold into a brothel. Later I found out the place where they worked was called the Pavilion of Spring Fragrance. It was in Zhenjiang [a prosperous city in eastern China's Jiangsu province]. They met my grandfather on the job. They were very smitten with her, so they bought them out and installed them as a concubine. It was shocking to hear my grandma was a prostitute and then to think my grandfather—this shaky old man—had visited brothels. Despite everything she'd been through, my grandma was always kind and giving, and content. Ever since then, I've been really curious about what their life was like.
How did you go from learning about your grandmother to writing a book about a Buddhist prostitute?
A few months after I learned about my grandma, I went to Shenzhen on a reporting trip. I was working in TV, so I wanted to get a haircut in case I had to go on camera. I was in a hurry, so I just went into the closest hair salon, and inside there were these girls who started giggling. They said, ‘Sorry, we don't know how to cut hair.' The girls were wearing very low-cut clothing and there was no hair on the floor. So I chatted with them. Quite a few of them had worked on factory production lines. One of their colleagues got a job working at a “massage" hair salon. The pay was better and the job was much freer. That was the seed, and I thought, “I could write a novel about this,” because prostitution touches on so many really serious issues China is facing today: migration, the urban-rural divide, the growing income gap between men and women, the decline in morality, commercialization.
The novel takes readers inside the lives of a group of women working in a brothel in Shenzhen.
How does one do research for a novel like that?
I spent a lot of time in Shenzhen. I also interviewed a lot of girls in Dongguan and Shenyang. I tried to keep in touch with them, but it was hard. They'd disappear and change their phones. The places where they worked would disappear. I started writing about them, but their stories didn't jump off the page. I realized I needed to understand the girls more. I went to a conference on sexuality, where I met a girl who runs an NGO for sex workers, educating them about health and how to deal with police. I worked for them as a volunteer.
The book took 12 years to complete, which suggests you've been thinking about this topic for a while. How has it affected your view of sex in China?
I think the market economy has undermined gender equality because women have shouldered most of the burden as China made the transition from the planned economy. In factories, women are the first to go. In the factory I worked for, all women above 45 years of age were laid off. One year I saw a woman I'd worked with selling newspapers in the street. Without government intervention, women have fewer choices.
In the novel, Lotus talks a lot about helping their brother go to college and dreams about one day returning to their village as the triumphant filial daughter. Is it common that women in China turn to sex work to help relatives?
Almost all the women I know provide financial help to their families. Of course, there's the filial piety thing. But it also makes them feel less guilty, and gives them more power within the family. One woman told me their brother ended up in jail for some reason, so they worked as a prostitute to finance their wife and children. When the brother got out, they wanted to take their daughter out of school, but the woman said, ‘No, I pay for them They stay in school.' So, for some there's empowerment.
A lot of people might assume sex workers are cynical about relationships, and yet there's a love story at the heart of your novel. Is that a literary device, or does it have a basis in reality?
What's interesting is that a lot of the women kept boyfriends. Of course, we all long for love, but they were more passionate about it, because they were dealing in this fake intimacy every day and were really longing for genuine affection.
Religion is also a big theme in the book, in particular Buddhism. Where did that come from?
My grandmother was a devout Buddhist, which I think must have helped them a great deal. It's the same with the girls I talked to. Many of them go to temples to make offerings. So it's no surprise that the main character in the book is a Buddhist prostitute. I also met girls who were Christian. I would say they are far more religious and spiritual than most people. Which makes sense, because religion is one of the things people rely on to deal with trauma and internal conflicts. It offers them a form of ritualized purification.
Relatively speaking, there isn't a lot of violent crime in Chinese cities. Does that make it safer for women to be sex workers?
There's violence, but most of it comes from the police. I have so many horrible stories. One woman passed out after they were beaten and the police used mustard seed to wake them up. Another woman threw up and the police made them eat their own vomit. Another was sprayed with water and then had to sit in cold air conditioning. The aim is to get them to confess.
How much of an effect has President Xi Jinping's recent cracking down on corruption and vice had on prostitution?
The crackdown is not going to work because it doesn't understand or address the roots of prostitution, things like inequality and the lack of a social safety net for women. One woman I know of became a prostitute after they ran away from their abusive husband. If there had been social services to help them and protect her, they might not have done that. Cracking down doesn't resolve those issues. And of course local governments don't really want to crack down in the end. It's bad for business.
-- Josh Chin. Follow them on Twitter @joshchin
Well, I had no idea that when I hit publish last week—Synthesis: Low-Carb and Food Reward/Palatability, and Why Calories Count—that it would turn out to be about the most popular post I've ever put up, beating out my original post on the no soap or shampoo experiment in numbers of comments. Comments number 619 as I write this! On Friday, I recorded a podcast with Jimmy Moore that airs tomorrow, 3/6. This topic was a large part of the conversation (as well as the perceived widening divide between Paleo and Low-Carb folks). Finally, Angelo Coppola covered it in the Paleoland segment of their Latest in Paleo podcast that went up just today (begins at 43 minutes into the program).
My favorite objection or criticism of the post was in a comment on Reddit.
Wait, I must have missed something. I didn't see any references at all and any information contradicting Gary Taubs' work…
I replied that I figured everyone was just as capable as I to go to Google Scholar and PubMed to cherry pick their own set of references that support their biases, whatever they may be. While I have no problem taking a study and trying to pick it apart, or indicate why I think it makes sense, I often don't really like trying to build up a big list of references for my posts, because my posts attempt to be some synthesis primarily designed to get you to connect dots and think. I like to take on an idea and think about it on my own, then tell you what I'm thinking.
My favorite comment in support of the post was the very first comment posted, from Dr. Kurt Harris.
Richard gets it. Now why can't all the others who doubt food reward get it too? It's not about magical insulin or “spikes” of any kind, or fat being locked away somehow. This is definitely one of the best posts ever explaining how LC works in layperson's terms, and how you can make it work even better.
What I have found surprising is not only the resistance to the idea of Food Reward but a seeming difficulty on the part of many to grasp what the idea is really about. And then there are those like my friend J. Stanton, who think an exhaustive, precise set of ideas and concepts needs to be defined and differentiated in order to avoid fog and confusion. They put up a comment as well, and also has a multi-part series on their blog, Gnolls.org: Why Are We Hungry?
Then of course, there are Stephan Guyenet's posts on the subject, and in the skeptic's corner, we have Sean Abbott at Prague Stepchild: Deeply Skeptical of Food Reward Hypothesis Pt. I: Playing Gotcha.
I have a confession to make. Beyond reading perhaps Stephan's first couple of posts on the idea which was new to me, it struck me as simply too obvious to spend much time looking into all the ins & outs, and so I don't believe I've read much if any of all of those other links. I barely have enough time to write posts here and tend to comment. So I considered reading them in advance of drafting this, but I think I'll just wait at this point and check them later.
In my view, the whole general Food Reward idea contains roughly the following components (could be more; this is off the top of my head):
Hunger / Appetite (foods you might eat even when not hungry)
Palatability (foods that tend to taste, smell and/or feel very good to you virtually any time you think of them)
Satiety (foods that don't typically fill you up but more likely leave you're wanting more)
Emotions (foods you tend to think of when emotional, up, down, or both)
Convenience (easily obtainable, often, with little trade-off in terms of effort)
I think some of the confusion or misunderstanding I've seen on this topic comes from the notion that a limited view of palatability is the only concern. Gary Taubes, in their objection to Stephen Guyenet at AHS fell into this mode of thinking when they asked Stephan how a drink wasn't palatable and could be considered bland, since is had sugar in it.
The easy answer to that is… I don't care how much sugar you put on a steaming pile of dog shit… There are a number of components to FR, palatability being only one and even palatability has a number of factors like smell, texture, temperature, mouth feel and so forth. Think in those terms and it should be pretty easy to understand.
The other confusion comes into play when Paleos and foodies go out of their way to make good food highly palatable (believing that falsifies FR). And they do, with various recipes, sauces, herbs & spices, and so on. And yes, many of those sorts of “home engineered” foods can be a big factor in getting people to overeat. Think homemade apple pie. The difference was, baking homemade pies was a lot of work so there was the trade-off (which applies to our paleo concoctions as well). Now people have a half dozen frozen pies in the freezer, just a nuking session away. On the other hand, no matter how enticing a one-off home cooked meal is, gaining fat from chronic overeating is not a one meal affair. But imagine if your favorite meal was at all times in your fridge, freezer, a drive through or available for delivery. Well, that is the situation for many, unfortunately.
So getting back to my list, Food Reward, to me, is when several or all of these factors are in play (and maybe other factors I haven't thought of). And this is why I like the dessert metaphor to roughly describe food reward: you always have room for dessert. Notice how people often say they're “saving room for dessert.” No, they're not. They're stuffed silly and can't look at another bite of mashed potatoes, turkey, gravy and stuffing (no pun intended). But they'll still have a liberal slice of pumpkin pie with whip cream on top.
Think Lays potato chips, or Pringles. You can't eat just one. Not only that, they're not very filling, satiating, even though calorically dense. So you're going to eat more of something else once the bag or can have been dispatched.
Think sugar drinks. No matter how stuffed you are, taking on some sweet liquid is pretty easy.
In their book, The Fat Loss Bible, which I'm currently reading, Anthony Colpo includes two very interesting USDA graphs covering the period 1909-2000 in terms of per-capita carbohydrate consumption and per-capita caloric consumption.
Colpo observes:
In 1910, over half the U.S. population lived in rural areas and farmers comprised 31% – almost a third – of the workforce. In 2000, 33.6% of the workforce worked in management, professional and related occupations, followed by 26.7% in sales and office occupations, 14.9% in service occupations, 14.6% in production, transportation and material moving occupations, 9.4% in construction, extraction and maintenance occupations, and only 0.7% in farming, fishing and forestry occupations. In other words, one hundred years ago the average worker was physically active; the average worker today spends most of his/her day seated or engaged in very light activity. Today, people eat more calories, move around less, or both, as compared to a century ago.
Tell me again how it's all about the carbohydrates, when carbohydrate has been 400-500 grams forever already? It's interesting also to observe the graph for caloric intake and watch it decrease from 3,500 down to 3,100 by the 1960s. And what was going on during that time? An industrial and information revolution that had fewer and fewer people doing manual labor and more and more doing office type work, as Colpo points out. And that trend has only continued, in the face of caloric intake increasing from a low of 3,100 in the 60s to 3,900 by year 2,000. Why?
Here's another factor that I think would fall under the category of food reward. Colpo describes a few studies that demonstrate how people will eat far more of any given identical thing if they believe it's somehow “good” in dietary terms (low calorie, low fat, low carb, low cholesterol, etc.). Do you recall the Seinfeld episode, where they all pigged out on “no-fat” frozen yogurt and all got chubby? Turns out it wasn't no-fat, or even low fat, but that's not the point. They thought it was, so they pigged out on it, just like low-carbers do all the time because they erroneously believe there's no problem so long as carbohydrate is low or non-existent.
And so, in the early 70's, with government dietary guidelines kicking off, there was suddenly now all sorts of things to market (low calorie, low fat, low carb, low cholesterol, etc.). And people, eager to obey the diktats of their benevolent leaders, stepped up to the troughs the food giants were only happy to engineer for them.
The good news is that from here, there's a pretty easy way out. Since we know that we have to eat fewer calories to lose fat, and there are some foods that seem to entice us to eat them even if we're not hungry, it's merely a matter of usually avoiding those foods. Of course, for paleo folks, most of that is already baked into the cake, by virtue of our elimination of grains, refined sugar and vegetable/seed oils—pretty much what all the biggest problem foods are engineered and concocted with.
However, there are a few paleo approved foods people ought to be mindful of. At the top of that list: nuts, particularly roasted & salted. And this would go for all the “paleo” baked goods as well, many made with nut flours. I endeavor to almost never have nuts in the house, anymore. And how about bacon? I see folks joking all the time about how much bacon they put away, which is fine so long as balanced out elsewhere. While not strict paleo, dairy is another category. Ever have one glass of ice cold whole milk turn into three glasses? How about way overdoing it in the butter drenching department (or coconut oil/milk)? And shall I mention the worst offender of all: cheese?
But fortunately, it's a pretty short list. Most people are already mindful of this or, their appetite mechanism has become so normalized over time that they're just not as susceptible to food reward as before. Moreover, the nutritionally dense quality food we do eat tends to be highly satiating, a factor lacking in a lot of modern foods that only exacerbates matters in the context of food reward. We all seem to be able to go have our favorite cheat meal like a burger or pizza now and then, and not have it send us into the abyss of chronic daily overeating.
In the end, who cares whether “food reward” qua science is valid or full of shit (I don't suspect for a second it is)? The fact remains that everyone knows damn well that there are poor quality processed foods that 1) you have a hard time stopping until there's no more left (and I'm not talking about finishing your grassfed ribeye) and 2) that you seem to have room for no matter how little or no room you actually have. It's really that simple.
Today for me was mostly finalizing the new monster spawning logic, which is a huge departure from the previous way monsters were spawned. Now, monsters are spawned as part of “spawning profiles” which describe what monsters should be spawned in what conditions, and also in what density. The spawning profiles are then connected to biomes, and each biome can actively have a different spawning profile. This enables more interesting divergence of biome environments, because specific biomes (and detached sub-biomes, layers, etc) can have not only different monster types but also different numbers of monster types and densities and parameters, which was very difficult to achieve with the old system.
This is part of the effort to make biomes more unique, and to make it easier to have, as an example, a field full of bunnies appear in the middle of a forest. There will also be added weighting and just generally more configurable monster spawning to increase variety and make exploring more interesting. The previous system simply spawned X number of “things” around each player, regardless, and then what thing was being spawned was based on where the “thing” happened to fall, which is not too flexible.
The algorithm to spawn monsters around each player in a specific density per spawning profile is somewhat tricky, so it's taken me a bit to work out how exactly it should work.
Other things today included helping omni with some item issues that needed sorting out and untangling a couple of messy bits of code, and also spending about 2 hours talking with the people setting up fiber in our office, getting information from them, and configuring our new internal network.
In their latest round of twiplash, President Trump on Saturday leveled a very serious accusation: that President Obama had personally ordered the “tapping” of telephone lines in Trump Tower in the months leading up to the November 2016 election. Their tweets (scarily) reveal more about what they believe the office of the President is capable of than the reality of what the law allows. As someone who obtained FISA warrants while conducting counterintelligence investigations for the FBI, I can attest to the fact that they not only don't involve the White House, but the process includes too many layers of approval to be granted without strong evidence.
There are two ways to obtain a wiretap – also known as electronic surveillance – on U.S. persons (citizens and permanent residents), and both include the courts. For criminal investigations, the FBI can seek a warrant under Title III of the U.S. criminal code by showing a federal court that there is probable cause to believe the target has engaged, or is engaging in, criminal activity. This is a fairly high standard because of a strong presumption in favor of our Fourth Amendment right to privacy, and requires a showing that less intrusive means of obtaining the same information aren't feasible.
The standard for electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence purposes, though, is a little lower. This is because when it comes to national security, as opposed to criminal prosecutions, our Fourth Amendment rights are balanced against the government's interest in protecting the country. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) allows the FBI to get a warrant from a secret court, known as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), to conduct electronic surveillance on U.S. persons if they can show probable cause that the target is an “agent of a foreign power” who is “knowingly engag[ing]…in clandestine intelligence activities.” In other words, the government has to show that the target might be spying for a foreign government or organization.
But even under this standard, it's not like the FBI can just decide to stop by a FISC to get a FISA warrant after going through the McDonald's drive-thru for lunch. To even begin the process leading to a FISA, the FBI has to follow several steps outlined in the Attorney General Guidelines, which govern FBI investigations. First, the FBI has to conduct a “threat assessment” in order to establish grounds for even opening an investigation on potential FISA subjects. If a threat exists, the FBI must then formally open an investigation into possible foreign intelligence activity.
What does this look like in practice? Well, say, hypothetically, that a group of U.S. persons seem to have not infrequent contact with diplomats known to be Russian spies, whom the FBI are already monitoring. (Pro-tip: While it's possible that such contacts could be accidental – I mean, hypothetically, the Trump inner circle could be a riot to hang out with socially – spies, particularly Russian ones, are pretty good at what they do and don't spend time with people unless there's a good reason.) The FBI might determine that, if the U.S. persons have access to classified information or could otherwise be “developed” for intelligence purposes by a foreign spy service, a significant enough threat exists to open an investigation – this would require at least one layer of approval within the FBI, and possibly more if the investigation concerns high-profile individuals.
The case still wouldn't be FISA bound. FISA warrant investigations can't be opened “solely on the basis of First Amendment activities,” so mere fraternization, even with sketchy people, wouldn't be enough. The FBI would have to gather evidence to support a claim that the U.S. target was knowingly working on behalf of a foreign entity. This could include information gathered from other methods like human sources, physical surveillance, bank transactions or even documents found in the target's trash. This takes some time, and, when enough evidence had been accumulated, would be outlined in an affidavit and application stating the grounds for the FISA warrant. The completed FISA application would go up for approval through the FBI chain of command, including a Supervisor, the Chief Division Counsel (the highest lawyer within that FBI field office), and finally, the Special Agent in Charge of the field office, before making its way to FBI Headquarters to get approval by (at least) the Unit-level Supervisor there. If you're exhausted already, hang on: There's more.
The FISA application then travels to the Justice Department where attorneys from the National Security Division comb through the application to verify all the assertions made in it. Known as “Woods procedures” after Michael J. Woods, the FBI Special Agent attorney who developed this layer of approval, DOJ verifies the accuracy of every fact stated in the application. If anything looks unsubstantiated, the application is sent back to the FBI to provide additional evidentiary support – this game of bureaucratic chutes and ladders continues until DOJ is satisfied that the facts in the FISA application can both be corroborated and meet the legal standards for the court. After getting sign-off from a senior DOJ official (finally!), a lawyer from DOJ takes the FISA application before the FISC, comprised of eleven federal district judges who sit on the court on a rotating basis. The FISC reviews the application in secret, and decides whether to approve the warrant.
Now, it's true that since its inception in 1978, the FISC has approved the vast majority of the over 25,000 FISA applications it has reviewed – some estimates put the number at over 99 percent. But that's not surprising given the extensive process described above. In fact, if some reports are true that the initial FISA applications submitted to the FISC were rejected, prompting the FBI and DOJ to change its targets to the Russian banks doing business with Trump associates rather than the associates themselves (which would only require showing probable cause that the banks are a “foreign power,” which by definition they are), then a FISA application for Trump Tower, if one exists, would have been subject to even more scrutiny than would normally be the case.
In short, the FISA warrant process is designed to protect against the very abuse of power that the President has accused their predecessor of exercising. You could even say that FISA applications go through an “extreme vetting” process before being granted – something that the Trump administration ought to support.
Image: Spencer Platt/Getty
I spoke with Hanson about this practice, which they call “taking in the good,” and how evolution optimized our brains for survival, but not necessarily happiness.
“Taking in the good” is the central idea of your book. Can you explain what that is as a practice and how it works in the brain?
The simple idea is that we we all want to have good things inside ourselves: happiness, resilience, love, confidence, and so forth. The question is, how do we actually grow those, in terms of the brain? It's really important to have positive experiences of these things that we want to grow, and then really help them sink in, because if we don't help them sink in, they don't become neural structure very effectively. So what my book's about is taking the extra 10, 20, 30 seconds to enable everyday experiences to convert to neural structure so that increasingly, you have these strengths with you wherever you go.
Do you want to explain how that actually works in terms of brain structure? What is the connection between having this good experience and making tangible changes in the brain?
There's a classic saying: "Neurons that fire together, wire together." What that means is that repeated patterns of mental activity build neural structure. This process occurs through a lot of different mechanisms, including sensitizing existing synapses and building new synapses, as well as bringing more blood to busy regions. The problem is that the brain is very good at building brain structure from negative experiences. We learn immediately from pain—you know, “once burned, twice shy.” Unfortunately, the brain is relatively poor at turning positive experiences into emotional learning neural structure.
On page one of the intro you said: “Positive thinking … is usually wasted on the brain.” Can you explain how positive thinking is different from taking in the good?
That's a central, central question. First, positive thinking by definition is conceptual and generally verbal. And most conceptual or verbal material doesn't have a lot of impact on how we actually feel or function over the course of the day. I know a lot of people who have this kind of positive, look on the bright side yappity yap, but deep down they're very frightened, angry, sad, disappointed, hurt, or lonely. It hasn't sunk in. Think of all the people who tell you why the world is a good place, but they're still jerks.
I think positive thinking's helpful, but in my view, it's not so much as positive thinking as clear thinking. I think it's important to be able to see the whole picture, the whole mosaic of reality. Both the tiles that are negative, and the tiles that are neutral and positive. Unfortunately, we have brains that are incentivized toward seeing the negative tiles, so if anything, deliberately looking for the positive tiles just kind of levels the playing field. But deep down, I'm a little leery of the term positive thinking because I think it could imply that we're overlooking the negative, and I think it's important to face the negative.
EXCLUSIVE: Itu2019s a story of a crested black macaque monkey, a photographer, and a bitter fight over who owns the copyright to a u2018selfieu2019 of the endangered primate. Now the photographer and the species are both set to benefit financially, it seems.
How AP reported the controversy last week
Photographer David Slater, who says they lost thousands after Wikipedia allowed free access to the monkey photo, is set to earn money from the image that will also go towards conservation of the animal.
Amateur Photographer has learned that the Gloucestershire photographer has struck a deal with Picanova, a German printing company that plans to give away a canvas print of the monkey, worth £27.40, to anyone visiting its website.
Slater says a ‘significant percentage' of what
they receive from Picanova will go towards the animal's conservation.
Picanova has pledged to donate £1 to a Sulawesi black macaques conservation project for every print ordered.
Picanova benefits by increasing its potential customer base through visits to the site.
The money will go to Selamatkan Yaki (Indonesian for ‘Save the Sulawesi crested black macaques'), according to Picanova.
Meanwhile, Slater continues to be embroiled in a copyright battle with Wikipedia.
‘We are trying to support what [Slater] is trying to do,' said Phil Norris, head of international sales at Picanova.
‘Solidarity'
Norris said Picanova wants to ‘show solidarity with photographers around the world' over the issue, which may end up in court.
‘As a canvas print company, we work with thousands of photographers and purchase licensed photographs for our business.
‘Therefore, this legal spat completely resonates with us. We appreciate how far-reaching the ripples of this legal battle will be, as well as the effect on the livelihoods of our friends in the photography community.'
Last week Slater said they had lost thousands of pounds in potential sales of the image, as a direct result of Wikipedia's actions, adding that it was ‘hard to put a figure on'.
In the year after the image was publicised, in 2011, Slater says they earned £1,000 from the agency that ran the story, and £1,000 through print sales.
‘In the past two years I've made about £50. Nobody is interested because it is free…' they told AP.
They said the fees merely covered their travel costs to Sulawesi, the island in Indonesia where the photo had been taken several years earlier.
The photographer is still at loggerheads with Wikipedia over the image, the rights to which caused a global media sensation last week.
Slater said they plan to speak to US lawyers today, before liaising with UK solicitors about their ongoing copyright dispute with Wikipedia.
‘I am quite confident that this case will be in court very shortly,' they claimed.
Last week, Wikipedia maintained its stance that the image is copyright free, because a ‘non-human' fired the shutter.
Today, Katherine Maher, chief communications officer at the Wikimedia Foundation, which runs Wikipedia, said they were not aware of any further updates.
Details of how people can obtain the monkey canvas print are due to appear on the Picanova website shortly.
Customers will still have to pay shipping costs for the canvas print, which measures 30x20cm.
To order, they have to enter the code ‘MONKEYSELFIE'
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Team Fortress 2. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Team Fortress 2.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
[SFM] DatMrRyan's Fearsome Sniper
Title Description He's gonna chop you, and then stab your gibs, and then chop said stabbed gibs. No pıssing though. Gotta be polite. Save Cancel
Created by 9joao6
Last Online 11 days ago File Size Posted Size 7.924 MB Jun 5, 2014 @ 3:31pm 1920 x 1080 79 Unique Visitors 0 Current Favorites
Chinese authorities have imposed a ban on “abnormal” facial hair and veils in public places in the country's predominantly Muslim Xinjiang province in an effort to curb extremism and radicalization in the volatile area bordering Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Afghanistan.
The initiative has been prompted in part by the deaths of hundreds of people over the past years in Xinjiang where government security forces regularly clashed with Islamist militants and faced unrest among the Muslim Uighur people driven by separatist sentiments.
Critics claim the armed clashes and terrorist attacks was a response to the crackdown on the Muslim population carried out by Beijing. Chinese authorities however reject accusations of oppression, emphasizing that Uighur people and their rights are under protection.
Read more
The new rules are to be enforced from Saturday, local authorities said on their website, and would ban spreading “extremist ideas,” marrying in accordance to religious rites and “using the name of Halal to meddle in the secular life of others.”
“Parents should use good moral conduct to influence their children, educate them to revere science, pursue culture, uphold ethnic unity and refuse and oppose extremism,” the statement says, according to DW.
Certain baby names have also fallen from grace, with authorities banning the “naming of children to exaggerate religious fervor.” Parents will also be prohibited to homeschool their children.
It will also be an offense to “refuse or reject” watching state television or radio, although it's not clear how authorities are planning to enforce this regulation.
The Uighur people – the dominant Muslim minority in Xinjiang – mostly practice a moderate form of Sunni Islam. However, in recent years many have begun taking up practices more commonly followed in Saudi Arabia or Pakistan, such as making women wear a full face veil, seen by some as a sign of opposition towards the central government.
READ MORE: Radical Islam spreading to inland China – senior official
Some of the separatist Uighur militant group who are striving for an independent East Turkestan in the northwestern China are considered terrorist not only by Beijing. The so-called East Turkestan Islamic Movement, now known as the Turkistan Islamic Party, has been listed as a terrorist group by the UN.
Earlier in March, at the annual meeting of China's parliament, Chinese President Xi Jinping said Xinjiang needs a “great wall of iron” that would protect the region.
The Steak Wrapping Paper Set is a set of wrapping paper that after being wrapped, your gift will resemble a juicy steak straight from the butcher. Giftcouture, also the makers of the Cheeseburger Wrapping Paper, create unique wrapping paper sets that coordinate together to make conceptualized themese and sets of wrapping paper. The steak wrapping paper set comes with gift wrapping material that resembles, steak, a cutting board, butcher paper, twine, a meat tray, and a gift label to make your gift giving experience any true American will love.
The steak wrapping paper is a great gift wrapping idea for vegetarians, vegans, and America hating weaklings everywhere. This item is still in it's funding phase so feel free to click through to their Kickstarter page to help them out, or check out their website for more details.
After debating the technical definition of a monopoly, lawmakers took a bipartisan step on Tuesday to block current and future efforts to place economic monopolies in the Ohio Constitution.
After debating the technical definition of a monopoly, lawmakers took a bipartisan step on Tuesday to block current and future efforts to place economic monopolies in the Ohio Constitution.
As ResponsibleOhio marches well past collecting enough signatures to qualify its marijuana-legalization issue for the November ballot, lawmakers concerned that deep pockets are once again carving themselves a financial windfall in the constitution are also moving quickly. Some say too quickly.
During a House Government Accountability and Oversight Committee hearing on Tuesday, supporters of the legislative action stressed that the debate is not about marijuana. However, the issue in the near term is aimed at blocking ResponsibleOhio from giving those who have invested in its campaign a monopoly to establish 10 for-profit marijuana-growing sites across the state.
The proposal, which passed committee and is to be voted on by the full House today, would require a two-step, multiyear process for economic-based amendments, making it more difficult to get such issues into the constitution. The plan is to place the proposal on the November ballot alongside the marijuana issue.
The constitution "was designed to protect the interests of the many against the powerful few," said state Auditor Dave Yost, who testified in favor of the provision. "In recent years, that safeguard for the many has been hijacked by the powerful few."
Yost noted the 2009 casino amendment that established a monopoly for the building of four casinos in the state.
Christopher Stock of ResponsibleOhio sparred with lawmakers over whether the proposal would really create a monopoly. Stock argued that it would not, saying that anyone could grow marijuana under the proposal, although only the 10 sites could sell it.
"If we have a thousand farms out there attempting to grow for public consumption, we have a regulatory problem on our hands," Stock said.
Rep. Tim Brown, R-Bowling Green, the committee chairperson, said that if the issue is not a monopoly, then backers should remove the language that blocks others from selling marijuana, letting the state set regulations, as it does with tobacco.
Without the benefit of a monopoly, Brown said, they doubt that ResponsibleOhio could raise money for a campaign.
Stock said the constitution gives citizens a chance to act when lawmakers will not, as in the case of marijuana legalization. "(The resolution) will nullify the constitution's direct-democracy provision," they said.
Others also have raised that concern. "This language is so unbelievably broad that this resolution could weaken legitimate citizen initiatives instead of truly protecting against corporate monopolies," said Keary McCarthy, president of liberal research group Innovation Ohio.
Stock also argued that the issue is written in such a way that it could also block efforts to legalize gay marriage in Ohio through a constitutional amendment, or to issue bonds to pay war veterans, although others disagreed.
In Ohio, if competing constitutional amendments are on the same ballot, and both are approved, the one that gets the most votes takes effect. However, Secretary of State Jon Husted has said that in this instance, the legislative amendment would trump the marijuana issue because it takes effect immediately, while the citizen issue takes effect in 30 days.
Rep. Kathleen Clyde, D-Kent, argued that some of the legislative proposal's language is too vague, and that the process has been rushed.
"I share the concerns about monopolies and business interests having too much influence or being able to buy their way into the state constitution," Clyde said. "I'm concerned the language does not accomplish that aim, and we could see unintended consequences."
Rep. Mike Curtin, D-Marble Cliff, a prime sponsor of the resolution, said the language needs to be general enough to avoid loopholes. The issue, they said, has been discussed for several months, but the
ResponsibleOhio proposal provided a sense of urgency.
"The timing is urgent, and this is a historic question we trust the voters to decide," they said.
jsiegel@dispatch.com
@phrontpage
See the theory of food and wine pairing in action with this easy to use chart. Then, understand the simple science behind food and wine pairing based on our basic sense of taste.
You can learn the fundamentals of how taste components like sweet, sour, spice, bitter and fat go together. Then, try pairing wine by letting the characteristics of your food suggest your wine.
Food and Wine Pairing Science
Buy Poster
How it works in action
When it comes to food and wine pairing, most folks lean on the phrase “What grows together, goes together” as a starting point.
For example, you could pair Italian Sangiovese with Italian pasta and make a decent pairing without trying.
But if you think about wine as an ingredient you can start to construct your own unique flavor combinations.
In this example, we chose fish tacos and broke them down to their core ingredients. The fish turns out to be a pretty polarizing ingredient that doesn't usually pair with red wines. Additionally, cilantro and lime will push this dish closer to a much more specific wine.
If you follow the chart, you'll see that a light-bodied white wine looks to be the best option for this dish. And, it is! Of the wines on the list shown, you'll do great with a Vermentino, Albariño, or Pinot Grigio.
Why do certain wines go with certain foods?
When you start analyzing the structure of wine, each type of wine features different characteristics such as acidity, tannin, alcohol level and sweetness. If you start thinking about wine traits as flavor ingredients, it becomes easier to pair them with a meal.
So how come a bold red wine doesn't go with a fatty fish like salmon?
Tannin and fat actually counteract each other quite well, so it would seem like an oily fish such as salmon would pair well with a red wine. The reason it doesn't work is because the tannin in the wine and the fattiness of the fish cancel each other out leaving you with a residual fishy flavor. Basically, this pairing brings all the negatives of each component to the forefront as the final taste in your mouth.
Fish pairs well with wines that have a cleansing effect (a.k.a. high acidity). The wine acts as a scraper of the fish flavor left in your mouth. This could be why highly zesty wines like Champagne go well with many different types of foods. If you're interested, you can read more about pairing wine with fish.
Food pairing is a science
Dr. Paul Breslin, a sensory biologist at Rutger's University, has been studying the effects of taste on the palate. In a recent study they conducted, they focused on how oiliness and astringency interact. They took a closer look at how greasy food leaves an obnoxious taste on the palate. In the study, when tasters rinsed their mouths with water, the greasy feeling would not subside. However, when people rinsed their mouths with tea (a liquid with light tannins and moderate acidity), the greasy feeling went away.
What Dr. Breslin found was that our saliva glands produce proteins to lubricate our mouths. When we eat greasy foods, our mouths over-salivate and make our tongues feel slippery. Tannin and acidity counteract this slippery feeling by pulling out the proteins from our tongue. Of course, this action can also go in the other direction when you drink a very tannic wine with no food. This will leave you with an equally obnoxious astringent and dry feeling in your mouth.
This study illustrates how powerful the acting forces are on the basic characteristics of taste.
So, the next time you grab a bottle of wine ask yourself:
‘What am I having for dinner?'
“It is unlikely that their children will be able to stay,” Mr. Obama said. More than 52,000 children have flooded into the United States in the last eight months.
Mr. Obama's arrival in Texas, the state with the longest border with Mexico, focused attention on the emerging spike in migration from Central America as well as the political stalemate between the president and their Republican adversaries on a broader immigration overhaul.
The president and Mr. Perry met before a round-table discussion on the border issue with local officials and religious leaders.
The governor, who had initially refused to stand for an Air Force One photo opportunity with the president, ultimately did greet Mr. Obama on the tarmac at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. The pair shook hands amiably if not warmly, and they chatted as they walked to the Marine One helicopter for a brief ride to the Love Field site of the round-table discussion, with Mr. Obama at one point putting their hand on the governor's back.
Mr. Obama said their Homeland Security secretary, Jeh Johnson, would soon make their sixth trip to the border to coordinate the federal response with that of the Perry administration. Jim Cole, the deputy attorney general, was in the border town of McAllen, Tex., on Wednesday to tour the Customs and Border Protection facility there and to discuss shifting resources to the region.
Mr. Perry's handling of the crisis is being closely watched by Republicans, given that their 2012 bid for the party's presidential nomination failed partly because of a sense among the party's hard-liners that they were too soft on immigration, supporting policies like tuition benefits for Latinos brought into Texas as children.
Signaling a tougher stance, they have called on Mr. Obama to deploy 1,000 more National Guard troops to the border and use additional surveillance drones to stop the flow of illegal immigrants. Mr. Obama indicated that they had not ruled out such measures, but that they ultimately were not the answer.
Asteroids pop up out of nowhere sometimes. It can be a bit scary.
Know what's really comforting? When a completely unobserved asteroid snuck up on Earth at the end of last month and went whizzing by our planet like a golf ball, without so much as a "Fore!" from any of our detection systems. And it happened this week. Again.
The new asteroid, both smaller and a closer call than the next most recent specimen (from like two weeks ago—seriously this isn't comforting), was still tens of thousands of miles away and had no chance of hitting Earth as it sailed by. And I guess that's comforting to someone.
But regardless, sailing by unnoticed is not a good sign when we're trying to build early warning systems to protect ourselves from the potential of mass extinction events caused by impact.
Someone should really try and study these things.
I suggest everyone go re-watch Deep Impact and take a few hours to reflect on how this isn't something we should make mistakes with.
[H/T Gizmodo]
A new local law was introduced Monday to ban the controversial practice of conversion therapy in Erie County.
Conversion therapy is a practice that tries to reform someone who was born LGBTQ+ into a heterosexual by using psychiatric therapy. This method has not been scientifically proven and has been rejected by credible medical and mental health organizations.
Erie County Legislator Patrick Burke introduced "Prevention of Emotional Neglect and Childhood Endangerment," which will be debated in December and into the New Year.
"The overwhelming evidence says that inflicting this phony therapy on children and adolescents isn't just medically ineffective, but it is detrimental to a child's wellbeing," said Burke. "It is time to call this practice what it is, abuse. Kids are exceptionally effectible, and the last thing an LGBTQ+ child needs is to be told that the way they were born is wrong and must be changed."
Damian Mordecai, Director of the Pride Center of Western New York says although you may not hear of people undergoing this sort of therapy, doesn't mean it isn't around.
"In a society where so many people tell you that there is something wrong with you often times people go willingly," Mordecai tells 7 Eyewitness News.
Governor Cuomo issued an executive order in February 2016 to ban insurance reimbursements for those providing conversion therapy throughout the state.
By Joshua Yeldham-Smith
Wherever possible, I play games on Hard Mode.
For me, this trend began with Veteran Mode on Call of Duty 2 for Xbox 360 (late 2005), which was the only launch title I had, and so I wanted to make it last – a new gen, a new approach. Needless to say, the experience would change the way that I view the medium. After the thrills of playing Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare (2007) to completion on Veteran, there was no going back…
10 years on, and these are my general rules: I will play most games on Very Hard if it seems inviting (i.e. without any altering gameplay gimmicks), Hard if this is the highest available, and I will only drop down to Normal if I have reason to suspect that it was truly designed as the default difficulty (or, as in some cases, were there no choice to be had on the first playthrough).
I am here to make the argument that everyone should carefully consider video game difficulty: as a player, push yourself out of that comfort zone; and as a developer, communicate the meaning and design intents of difficulty.
What are the rewards?
Your games will last longer, and you will feel a greater sense of accomplishment by playing on a harder difficulty. Modern games rely too much on storytelling in order to generate appeal, but there are only so many permutations a traditional narrative can run through, only so many plot-driven betrayals to be enacted, before the approach begins to feel stale.
From a mechanics standpoint, the fundamental way that you play will alter. If we take Call of Duty as an example, on easier difficulty levels, some may play the game running around gunning enemies, absorbing damage and occasionally ducking behind a wall when the screen is smeared with jam. This approach is akin to playing Halo and relying on shield recharge, which is narratively acceptable for space marines, but way out from suspending disbelief in a modern military shooter.
Believe it or not, Call of Duty is not a gung-ho action game, it's actually a cover based first-person shooter. While recharging health is a concession given towards the player, the core tactics of playing on Veteran difficulty need to be altered in favour of avoiding enemy line of sight wherever possible, while retaliating fire at the right moment, and quickly ducking to avoid being hit by three shots from a hit-scan weapon – much more exhilarating as long as you have the patience to keep yourself alive. Given that you are reading this article, I am safe in saying that you practice the art of self-preservation every day in real life – so why is it different for video games?
While the stories of games such as Call of Duty can be interesting, I doubt people see it as the focus when making a purchase – exciting gameplay is what matters in this case.
Lessons for a Developer
From a design viewpoint, the awkwardness of video game difficulty lies in its use of simple descriptors – Easy, Medium, Hard, with “Very Hard” usually taking on an idiosyncratic moniker with many games displaying these conventions. The problem is, when selecting between these options, you don't know what you are getting yourself in for, meaning that you may select a difficulty that is either too easy, and therefore boring, or too difficult, which is frustrating.
A player doesn't know what to expect from their game until they have played it, and if a player decided to either restart the game at a different difficulty, or even simply alter the level in-game, while a valid solution, unfortunately, they will never be able to reclaim that sense of novelty, threat or engagement when replaying a set-piece for a second time, which works against the strength of a narrative-driven game. Game difficulty is important in order to feel just right, and create a sense of “Ludo-Narrative consonance”, or harmony, with the game's level-by-level narrative and with the activities presented to the player – an example being that every Splinter Cell sequel has its own narrative arc, plot and characters, but the role presented to the player and acted upon is the narrative of the game itself.
When I start a new game, I want to know what the developer was thinking when they offered up the difficulty levels, and which one is considered the “true” or most accurate difficulty level to serve the theme of the work, or whatever the developer had in mind when they initially conceived the formula for the game.
Questions arise:
Did the developer initially conceive of a challenging or easy game?
Which difficulty level was designed as the baseline or original difficulty parameter?
How does a developer view their game in relation to story or challenge?
How are these different elements combined in design?
Answering the questions using Dark Souls as an example
The reason that the Souls series, made up of Dark Souls, Demon's Souls and Bloodborne,is being so highly praised for its difficulty is because, contrary to the commonplace “Easy, Medium or Hard” formula of other games mostly designed to cater towards a wide but fragmented audience, Dark Souls makes the questions above very easy to answer, even if it doesn't overtly communicate them. For Dark Souls, there is no difficulty except that presented by its use of statistics and mechanics, in relation to player skill and/or patience to meet the challenge: if there was ever a name for such difficulty, it might come to be known as “tough, but fair”.
I am not any such master of skill in video games; in fact I'm probably more like a Super Saiyan from Dragon Ball Z: I summon up the skill to meet a challenge, and then, upon completion, my skill wanes and returns to normal. I cannot keep up a constant level of high-skill, although I do retain a significant portion of it.
Having completed both the first Dark Souls and its sequel, with eyes set on Dark Souls III, my theory with these games is that, unlike the infamous E.T: The Extra Terrestrial Game (Atari, 1982) being nigh unbeatable, the awe-inspiring aspect of From Software's work is in crafting difficult challenges that are eminently designed to be beatable for those who invest their time and effort. The Estus Flask (or similar health system) is rather generous – if asked to design a selectable “Hard Mode” for Dark Souls, a developer would probably limit the amount of Estus healing, and an”Extreme Mode” would almost remove it altogether.
Would selectable difficulty make Dark Souls a “better” game?
Digression
Please click the relevant toggler to expand this content.
[toggler title=”Ludo-Narrative examples”]The term “Ludo-Narrative dissonance” was coined as a way to describe the contrast between a game's story, and what it asks of or allows the player to do: a typical example would be in a stealth game such as the Metal Gear Solid series, where in multiple games the story demands that the player's character, a super spy, is captured and taken prisoner, regardless of how good the player is at sneaking. This transition from spy to prisoner is worked in as a cutscene, or at the climax of a set piece, in a way that is both narratively and mechanically unavoidable – the “Ludo-Narrative dissonance” is resolved by allowing the narrative to take over. [/toggler]
[toggler title=”Relation to difficulty”]If we take the Halo series as an example, I have read on a few occasions that “Heroic Difficulty” is considered the most reflective of the story to the Halo universe; a statement I would probably agree with. I would assume the developers mean that, if Halo were turned into a movie, its screenplay and visual presentation would try to emulate the timings, the relative scale of weapon damage in relation to shields etc., or even the core emotional feeling and sense of threat felt from playing on Heroic: not too easy (since, if such a movie, then it would be boring), and not too difficult (as in Legendary difficulty, since this level of difficulty, while very tense and engaging for the player, doesn't facilitate the the play-style of a “Bad-Ass Master Chief” that the theme of the story, or any hypothetical movie, would otherwise demand).
[/toggler]
[toggler title=”Removing interactivity from the equation”]A good video game movie would have certain aspects amplified: plot, characterisation, tension etc. in order to atone for the deficit in interaction. An ideal video game movie would maybe feel as though the audience member is watching their favourite characters at the hands of a set of competent players, much in the same way that any actors are cast as characters. Such a video game movie would have to offer the best that the asupervisorstioned scenarios have to offer, obviously removed from the irritation of constant failure that a demanding video game may have otherwise invoked.[/toggler]
Games that are “too hard”: Doom – Nightmare Mode
I have recently been playing the original Doom, and it has five separate difficulties; I chose the fourth , because the hardest difficultly, Nightmare, was written in specific “heavy-metal italics” font, and its description was “Not remotely fair”, which is very true. I was deterred from selecting Nightmare, and for good reason.
On Nightmare, enemies re-spawn quickly upon death, ad-infinitum, so the game is no-longer about killing demons, because in doing so, the player would be lending themselves towards Kafka-esque futility – there is no reason to kill the demons unless they are an immediate obstacle.
Doom does not specifically reward the player for completing the level, because its level-by-level design is actually about getting to the end of the level; Nightmare pushes this concept to the logical extreme, to the point where it could be considered an entirely different sub-mode or a speed-run concept, because the only reward on Nightmare is to get to the end of the level, since clearing the level of enemies is no longer an effective strategy.
Communicating difficulty – example solutions
Needless to say, in terms of communicating difficulty level, this simple way that Doom implements is quite effective, if a bit minimalist: it communicated to me the mindset of the designer, because they designed a difficulty level that was indeed “not remotely fair”. Some games, for better or for worse, would have locked this extra-hard mode behind a requirement of completing the game once. I still believe that there could have been a better way for Doom to describe its difficulty levels; a simple solution would be to include an extra “patch notes” style tab with full descriptions on difficulty modifiers.
There would be very little to stop a developer from including at least a comprehensive list of non-secret difficulty changes per level, since it most have already been written out by design documentation and in code.
Conclusion
As you can probably tell, video game difficulty is a subject that I am fascinated with, because on a very basic level, video games, apart from being about manipulating the behaviour of objects on screen, have a long history involving winning, losing and completion.
While I am not a believer in “pure mechanics” games (since this is usually a by-word for abstract aesthetic), I would ask any developers to be mindful of how their story should serve their game, not visa-versa, and how one of the video game medium's fundamental strengths involves the idea of allowing the player to play the role of the character in a story, meaning that any action set piece should feel like an interactive movie, and in order to emulate any good actor or stuntman, the gameplay and difficulty level has to serve as the stuntman for the player: it should set up situations difficult enough to be interesting, and to make the interesting appear to be effortless in the hands of the competent.
Game developers: use tutorial sections as crash courses in skill for the player to train, in order to immerse the player into the world you have built, rather than simply another directional-walking or button-pressing exercise, or else people will find themselves compelled to watch YouTube videos for the expert tips, in which case they might as well be watching a movie – a topic for another time.
Nearly five decades after the United States Supreme Court struck down statewide bans on interracial marriages in the landmark Loving v. Virginia case, 87% of Americans approve of such pairings, according to a 2013 Gallup poll. In fact, about 15% of new marriages in the U.S. were between two people of different races in 2010, according to the Pew Research Center. That's more than double the rate 30 years prior.
But despite general approval, myths around those people in interracial relationships have stuck around. Here are some of the biggest misconceptions about the experience, according to several interracial couples.
1. Interracial couples are together for reasons other than love.
"I'm not with my partner to make some big statement about anything," Sabrina Nelson, a 19-year-old white woman in a relationship with a 19-year-old black man, told Mic. "I'm with them because I love them and he's one of the best people I've ever met."
And yet Nelson and others told Mic that they have encountered many people who believe they must be motivated to be together by some, external factor other than the desire to share their lives.
Many assumed that Nelson's relationship is "some sort of political statement or rebellion or fetish experiment," they said. Adam Campbell-Schmitt, a 31-year-old white man married to a 30-year-old black and Latina woman (Mic editor Michelle Garcia), added that many people have assumed their relationship is based on "some sort of fetish from one or both sides of our relationship."
These assumptions, however, reduce couples "to nothing but our pigmentation," Campbell-Schmitt said, and neglect the real reasons couples come together. Reasons like, they noted, "the fact that we're both inquisitive, politically like-minded children of the '90s with obsessions for comedy, pizza and Downton Abbey."
2. They have the same experience in public as any other couple.
Source: Mic/Getty Images
Despite the fact that the vast majority of Americans claim to support interracial couples, many still face public scrutiny.
"It's shocking how many weird looks we get on the street," Nelson said. "Sometimes the way strangers react makes me feel very conspicuous."
Campbell-Schmitt and their wife have dealt with these public microaggressions for years. "My wife and I started dating in a small college town, and certainly were the subject of everything from glances to pointing to straight-up scowling," they said. Now living in cultural capitals like Los Angeles and New York, it seems "cashiers, waiters and bartenders constantly ask if we're paying together. We've been in lines at registers and witnessed same-race couples not received the same line of questioning."
3. Friends and family members don't see these relationships as an issue anymore.
Studies show that those who come from racially intolerant places are more likely to prefer to date someone of the same race as those who hail from more tolerant places, according to Big Think (and common sense). It follows, therefore, that those who resist this pattern may be the only person in their family to do so.
Geraldine Buchanan Rogers, a 52-year-old black woman, married into a family that was not welcoming to them "My former mother-in-law didn't attend the wedding or speak to me for many years," they told Mic in June. "She met them only grandchild, our son, when they were almost 3 years [old], after my ex-husband and I divorced."
When Nelson showed pictures of their boyfriend to their extended family, "there was a palpable awkwardness." Although their family's reactions weren't blatantly racist, they said, there was an "underlying uneasiness, like they were worried about saying the wrong thing. They're still reacting to the race and not the person."
Even when loved ones profess to accept these relationships, though, they may make well-intended comments that are nonetheless offensive.
"People are also always pleading with us to have babies," Campbell-Schmitt said. "They say they'll be so cute because 'biracial babies always are.' People aren't saying, 'I like you two as people; your kids are going to be awesome.' They're fantasizing about breeding us like designer dogs."
4. Dating someone of a different race means you can't be racist.
All healthy relationships involve listening and accountability, but these responsibilities take on a unique role in interracial relationships. While Buchanan Rogers said they have encountered people who think interracial couples "don't have candid discussions about race," this is hardly the universal truth.
"I think some people also have the misconception that when you're in a relationship the race issue becomes irrelevant," Nelson said. "It doesn't, and it shouldn't. Just because you're in love with someone doesn't mean you don't still have to do the important work of checking yourself, making sure you're being respectful and understanding and, well, not racist. Being a white person in a relationship with a person of color does not absolve you from anything."
In fact, directly addressing race may be one of the healthiest things partners can do for their relationship.
"Being able to talk about race in a conscientious way is an avenue to showing love toward our partner," writer Melissa Fabello noted in a recent Everyday Feminism article. "Being honest about the ways in which race is complex — both inside and outside of your relationship — shows a willingness to engage with a part of your partner's identity and experience in a way that really holds them."
5. The differing historical treatment of each partner's race is irrelevant.
"Race still carries an immense amount of social, political and historical weight, and you cannot ignore the ramifications of that," Nelson said. "I'm a white woman in a relationship with a black man, something that is historically very, very loaded ... It comes along with a messy set of stereotypes for both of us, them especially."
While Nelson said they have faced stereotypes that they are a "slut" who is "rebelling" by dating a black man, their partner faces other loaded myths, such as that he's "stealing white men's women."
The idea of stealing is something Campbell-Schmitt said they also experienced.
"The most backlash we get is from older black men who somehow feel they should have been entitled to a shot at my wife before I got to her, completely disregarding the thousands of other factors about personality, physical attraction and circumstance that all play into the compatibility of a relationship," they said.
6. The media authentically reflects interracial couples' relationships
While many people loved a 2013 Cheerios commercial featuring an interracial couple and their child, there was still a shocking amount of backlash. Perhaps that's because the media tends to portray interracial couples in highly stereotyped terms — when they are present at all.
"Media constantly perpetuates the otherness of interracial couples," Campbell-Schmitt said. Nelson agreed, noting that "race comes first and the relationship comes second," in many depictions. "They are denied the complexity, the nuances of other, particularly white, couples."
More authentic depictions of interracial couples as just that — couples — could destigmatize the common understanding of these relationships.
"There needs to be interracial couples who are written in the same way as other couples," Nelson said. "Interracial couples have the same issues and triumphs that any other couple has and I think the media can lose sight of that sometimes."
Ultimately, it's high time people accepted that interracial couples are nothing more than two individuals who choose to be together for the same reasons any two people of the same race would. They may face unique obstacles based on their respective races, but as Nelson concluded, this type of relationship must be "seen as what it is — love."
Satnews Daily
Spaceflight's Eight 3U CubeSats Jamming With JAMSS as They Organize a Ride on JAXA's Astro-H Mission
[SatNews] The mission management campaign is underway and the rideshare manifest is fully booked for small satellites.
Spaceflight Inc. and Japan Manned Space Systems Corporation (JAMSS) announced a cooperative launch service agreement to integrate and deploy CubeSats from the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) and the Astro-H mission.
The Spaceflight and JAMSS commercial partnership has enabled U.S. commercial CubeSat customers to launch on an H-IIA launch vehicle for the first time.
“We are very excited to provide additional small-satellite launch opportunities on the H-IIA vehicle and work with JAMSS to continue to commercialize Low Earth Orbit,” said Spaceflight President, Curt Blake. “JAMSS has been a tremendous partner providing key insight on how to successfully integrate and launch small satellites with JAXA, and we look forward to this mission and future collaboration.”
H-IIA Launch Vehicle H-IIA Launch Vehicle
Under this cooperative agreement, Spaceflight and JAMSS will launch and deploy eight 3U CubeSats for U.S. commercial customers. Spaceflight is integrating the mission hardware to connect with the launch vehicle and deploy the CubeSats. The CubeSat customers work directly with Spaceflight. JAMSS is Spaceflight's link to JAXA and leads the launch campaign on the CubeSats' launch vehicle integration. JAMSS' expertise in JAXA processes and safety procedures is integral to the mission.
“For more than two decades, we have been supporting the operation and utilization of the International Space Station under contract with JAXA as well as development of satellites and launch vehicles, and built the technology foundation through such experiences,” said JAMSS President Toshikazu Koto. “We strive to contribute to the promotion of space commercialization in the world.”
The Astro-H mission on the H-IIA launch vehicle is scheduled for Japanese Fiscal Year 2015 (April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016). The mission management campaign is underway and the rideshare manifest is fully booked for small satellites. According to NASA, the mission objective is to:
Trace the growth history of the largest structures in the Universe
Provide insights into the behavior of material in extreme gravitational fields
Determine the spin of black holes and the equation of state of neutron stars
Trace shock acceleration structures in clusters of galaxies and SNRs
Investigate the detailed physics of jets
For more information, please visit the Spaceflight, Inc. infosite.
NEW YORK - A well-preserved 2,000-year-old scroll of the Ten Commandments discovered in a cave is going on display in the city for the first time beginning Friday.
The tiny scroll will be shown for 10 days at the Discovery Times Square exhibition space before returning to Israel.
The parchment, which dates to between 50 B.C. and 1 A.D., was discovered in a cave near the Dead Sea in 1952. It must be kept in a light-and-humidity-controlled environment to avoid deterioration, exhibit organizers said.
"The Ten Commandments scroll is actually in very good condition considering it's 2,000 years old," exhibit curator Risa Levitt Kohn said. "And if someone was able to read modern Hebrew they could actually look at this scroll and make their way through the text."
The scroll's Israeli conservator, Tatina Treiger, said the parchment is "fragile, so brittle."
Written in Hebrew, the scroll contains the text of the Ten Commandments from Deuteronomy, the fifth book of the Old Testament, and is considered to be the best-preserved artifact with the biblical principles. The scroll likely was used as a prayer leaflet.
It is on display with about 900 other scrolls also discovered in caves near the Dead Sea by Bedouin shepherds between 1947 and 1956.
The exhibit has the largest collection of biblical artifacts ever displayed outside Israel. It has been on display around the world.
The writers of the scrolls are still a mystery and topic of debate among scholars and historians.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption At least 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in Las Vegas on Sunday
Welsh soldiers caught up in the Las Vegas massacre have told how they ran into the danger zone to rescue victims.
Troopers James Astbury, 22, and Dean Priestley, 28, of 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guard were at a restaurant when the shooting started.
A young girl and a woman who had been shot in the head were among several casualties the men assisted.
Their bravery was hailed by their commanding officer, who said their heroism should be recognised.
Trooper Astbury, from Ruthin, Denbighshire, and Trooper Priestley, from Kinmel Bay, Conwy county, were enjoying a night out with colleagues when gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire from a suite in the Mandalay Bay Hotel.
The 64-year-old killed 58 and wounded 500 more at a country music festival.
Image caption Trooper James Astbury, from Ruthin, ran to the help of shooting victims
The six off-duty soldiers immediately split up and headed "towards the chaos", Trooper Astbury said.
They added: "Two blokes carried a woman through and laid them on the floor asking for help, so I ran over and held their hand and asked them 'what's wrong?'.
"She had got shot in the face, hitting them in the cheek, and another one in the top of their thigh.
"She had a T-shirt round their leg but they were just holding it there, so I tied it round their leg at the bullet wound to try and stop it bleeding and told them it would be alright and I got them out to an ambulance.
"It was chaos. There were bodies on the path. They were covering them. Then I ran back in to see who else needed help."
Image caption Trooper Dean Priestley and soldier colleagues were praised for their "huge bravery"
Trooper Priestley said they tended to an injured girl with wounds to their arm and a woman who had a gash on their head after being trampled in the rush to escape.
The soldiers' commanding officer, Lt Col Justin Stenhouse, said they were "immensely proud" of their men, who were in Las Vegas for a break following a training exercise with US troops in the Californian desert.
Col Stenhouse said: "These young men showed huge bravery in horrific circumstances. Even in combat on the battlefield you often do not see casualties on this scale.
"They kept cool heads and thought quickly and their personal sacrifices helped countless others. I will be very proud if their bravery is recognised officially."
Exfoliants – An indispensable part of your skincare routine
Every day, your skin cells renew themselves, and dead cells are shed from skin. This natural shedding process can slow down or stop altogether due to sun damage, dry skin, oily skin, genetics or various skin disorders that can cause a build up of dead skin cells or affect how cells move through the pore lining. It could lead to dull, flaky skin, clogged pores, pigmentation spots or breakouts. An exfoliant removes unhealthy, dead skin cells from the surface of your skin. In addition, it may improve the production of collagen and stimulate the skin's ability to retain moisture.
How does an exfoliant work?
An exfoliant helps reactivate the natural exfoliation of the skin. It gently removes skin cells in order to expose healthy, new skin. Clogged pores and pigmentation spots (so-called age spots) will become less visible. An exfoliant also helps to fight wrinkles, prevent breakouts, mitigate skin discolouration after pimples and repair sun damage. After exfoliation, a dull complexion will appear radiant and younger-looking.
How do you use an exfoliant?
After using a facial cleanser and toner, always use a product that contains AHA (e.g. glycolic acid) or BHA (salicylic acid). Depending on its texture (lotion or liquid), apply the exfoliant with either a cotton pad or your fingers. You can apply it gently around the eyes, but avoid the eyelids. Unlike a scrub, you don't have to rinse an exfoliant. There's also no need to wait until the exfoliant has been absorbed by the skin. You can immediately continue with the next step in your skincare routine. For example, immediately apply day cream (with SPF), night cream, serum or eye cream. At the end of the day, always end your routine with a product with an SPF of at least 30. You may also combine different exfoliants (BHA and AHA) with each other.
What acid concentration should I exfoliate with?
AHA (such as glycolic acid) is most effective at a concentration of 5 to 10% and BHA (salicylic acid) at a concentration of 1 to 2%. The percentage that is most effective for your skin depends entirely on your skin type, possible skin problems and sensitivity. To find out what concentration produces the best results for your skin, it is best to experiment with different AHA and BHA concentrations.
How often should I exfoliate?
When using an exfoliant for the first time, you should give your skin some time to get used to it. Start by applying exfoliant two to three times a week during your evening routine and increase the frequency several weeks later. Depending on your skin and personal preference, you can use an AHA or BHA product once or twice a day.
Truth in beauty
Our mission is to provide you with the right information about skincare, so that you can make the best product choices for your skin. Our products do what they promise and we want you to experience that for yourself, that's why we offer a 30 day money-back guarantee. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, contact us within 30 days for a refund.
We are here to help you
Do you have questions about using our leave-on exfoliants? Contact our Customer Care team. Our skincare experts are on hand to help you find the best products for your skin.
A 71-year-old staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) was knocked unconscious by anti-Trump protesters as they attempted to leave their office, according to a report from CBS Los Angeles.
Kathleen Staunton, who works as Rohrabacher's district director, had the door of their Huntington Beach office yanked open in front of them as they tried to leave, causing them to trip, hit their head, and fall unconscious. A two-year-old girl also got caught up in the incident, but thankfully was not harmed.
In a statement, Rohrabacher said that they were “outraged beyond words that protesters who mobbed my Huntington Beach office violently knocked down my faithful district director, Kathleen Staunton, causing them to be hospitalized.”
“And, yes, deliberate or not, the incident came as part of a mob action that not only intimidates but coerces. Though the protesters think of themselves as idealists, they engaged in political thuggery, pure and simple,” they continued.
Rohrabacher Outraged by Assault on their District Director by ‘Indivisible' Mob https://t.co/7JtYucqsKT — Dana Rohrabacher (@RepRohrabacher) February 15, 2017
The protests were organized by a group known as Indivisible OC, whose stated aim is to “resist against the Trump agenda.” However, the group failed to take responsibility for the injury, instead claiming they were handing out Valentines Day cards.
“When Megan Blash and their 2-year-old daughter, Lola, arrived at Rep. Dana Rohrabacher's office to hand-deliver a Valentine's Day card, they were met with a shut and locked door,” the group said in a statement.
“Rep. Rohrabacher's disdain for visiting constituents led to Lola sliding their card under their door, which led to a staffer accidentally opening the door on Lola's head and the following so-called ‘tussle,'” they continued.
The police did not make any arrests.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
Lil Wayne, one of raps most successful artists in recent times, has decided that they are bored of rap and would much rather concentrate on their new hobby: skateboarding.
Although you could argue that, as far as rapping goes, Weezy was lucky to actually find fame in the first place given how derivative and uninspired their music was in the first place, but find fame is exactly what they did. Thankfully though, whilst building up their portfolio in the music business, they also became very distracted by this new pursuit and will look to carry it on in the meantime, leaving rapping in the dark for a while.
They spoke to DJ Drama during an on-air interview on their Atlanta's Hot 107.9 show, during which they elaborated on their plans to leave behind the rap game for a while and let their Ymcmb label-mates take care of things for the time being.
Whilst they may be taking time out, rap game isn't safe just yet as Wayne confirmed that their latest mixtape, Dedication 4, is on course to be released by mid-August, although they chose not to elaborate on any of their other music projects.
Wayne did drop the track 'My Homies Still,' in June, which is set to be the first single off their upcoming I Am Not a Human Being II, which is slated for release latest this year. However no release date has been set yet.
Martin McGuinness. Picture copy by Margaret McLaughlin
British officials feared closing Irish border roads using explosives during the Troubles would distress and harm local residents, newly-disclosed records showed.
They were prepared to compensate those whose homes were damage from blasts intended to reassert control and hamper the movement of paramilitaries in staunchly republican areas between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
The intervention was seen by unionists as a symbol of firm and vigorous action to uphold the law by the security forces after local people reopened closed routes against the state's wishes, official British documents written in 1989 showed.
One Northern Ireland Office (NIO) civil servant wrote: "It may well be... that the use of explosives will cause real harm and distress to the locals.
"It is equally arguable that so far from causing distress etc, the Protestant population in South Fermanagh, for instance, will be reassured by the use of explosives."
The discussion came after border community associations, in which Sinn Féin members participated, were responsible for reopening many roads.
The original NIO suggestion to have those whose properties were damaged sue the associations because of their illegal activities instead of the government was unlikely to be upheld by a court and could rebound politically, officials calculated.
One wrote: "If my front window in Co Monaghan was blown in by the actions of the British army, I would be off to my TD quicker than you could say Anglo Irish Agreement if I were told that I had to sue Martin McGuinness before I could get my hands on the moolah.
"All our experiences of house searches etc suggest that the best way of minimising conflict with the local population is for the man with the chequebook to turn up as rapidly as possible.
"Also, to be frank, even if my solicitor told me I did have a case against Mr McGuinness, I might think twice before suing him.
"I am told they have devoted and persuasive friends."
The future of the frontier is part of Brexit negotiations.
But the compensation culture was well ingrained in 1989 and a real factor when considering whether property would be damaged by explosions, files released by the Public Record Office Northern Ireland (PRONI) showed.
One civil servant wrote: "Claiming compensation is an art form on both sides of the border and more explosions are planned."
Advertisement Owner of Chinese buffet faces human trafficking charges Police report says Golden Palace Buffet workers kept in basement of home Share Copy Link Copy
The owner of a Louisville Chinese restaurant faces human trafficking charges after an investigation into treatment of the workers at the Golden Palace Buffet.The investigation into the restaurant began more than a year ago, police said.Authorities believe the workers were brought to Louisville from New York as part of a human trafficking ring and many of the workers didn't know what city or state they were in. None had passports.Louisville Metro police said they discovered the workers were not paid properly for working 12-hour shifts, six days a week with few to no breaks and limited freedoms."We found in our investigation that some of the females that were working as waiteres were working for tips only, and a lot of times they didn't get to keep their tips. They were working 12-hours days, six days a week and not receiving any money at all," Sgt. Andre Bottoms said.According to the arrest report, Ming Wen Chen kept the employees in the basement of a home on Churchdown Lane, near Third Street Road and Outer Loop."The actual basement door from the inside of the house was blocked off. They had no access to come up into the home and the basement was set up where they had little tiny rooms, about 10 little rooms, some 6x6 or 7x7. They were real small rooms," Bottoms said.Police didn't specify how many victims were involved, but said while they could move freely in the basement, many weren't allowed to come out of the basement except in the company of Chen.Chen transported the employees to and from the restaurant, which is in the 100 block of Outer Loop, in a van with wooden benches.Police said Chen's wife, Xiang Jiang, was cited in the case, but not arrested.
Beginning Friday, the minimum wage in the city of St. Louis will rise to $10 an hour, up from the statewide minimum wage of $7.65.
The city says it is mailing notices to employers and expects them to voluntarily comply with the new law. Any employers who don't comply are subject to prosecution in Municipal Court and may lose their business or occupancy permits.
The change comes after the Missouri Supreme Court declined to get involved in a fight over raising the minimum wage.
In February, the court rejected claims by business groups that setting a wage higher than the state's would spawn regulatory confusion.
But the court refused to revisit the issue, ending the debate.
The ordinance sets a $10-an-hour minimum wage in the city this year, climbing to $11 on January 1, 2018.
Mayor Lyda Krewson calls the increase "good for our city's economy" and "a win for our city's working families."
Some employers say the increase will provide a better quality of life.
Sign up for the STL Morning Rush newsletter Sign up for the daily STL Morning Rush Newsletter Something went wrong. Get daily emails with stories that will make you feel something. Thank you for signing up for the STL Morning Rush Newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
"Giving more to those with the greatest need is always my first impulse,” said the co-owner of Lona's Lil Eats, Pierce Powers. Pierce and their wife, Lona, are the co-owners of the restaurant along California Avenue.
"As a boss, I think it's very important to understand how everyone is feeling, how our workers are feeling," Lona said. The couple feels increased minimum wages will give people a better life.
"They can support their family and also they can spend some spoil stuff."
Others, though, particularly small business owners, are concerned the hike has unintended consequences.
Opponents to the increase say what people don't understand is how harmful this is for small business owners, like the owners of Urban Eats in Dutchtown.
"It's not that people don't want to pay their employees more, they do, it's the manner in which it's being implemented that is so distressing," said Caya Aufiero, who is the co-owner of Urban Eats, with their husband John Aufiero.
They say one purpose of Urban Eats is to revitalize the Dutchtown neighborhood.
“Effectively, this will drive the only ones who want to be in these developing neighborhoods, it will drive those businesses out of these neighborhoods altogether."
Graham Renz, a policy researcher, at the St. Louis think tank Show Me Institute, says businesses are going to have to account for those increased costs through higher prices, laying off workers, or taking a hit in profit.
Concerned business owners also mention that they're already contenting with city income tax. So, they're having to pay additional money out of their pockets on top of that.
The city has established an email address to help answer questions any employers or employees may have at minimumwage@stlouis-mo.gov. Questions about the new law can also be directed to (314) 589-6735.
More information about the law can be found at http://stlouis-mo.gov/minimum-wage.
Ah, Spring! Thoughts turn to pleasant weather, flowers blooming and the invariable task of spring cleaning. For most of the domestic goddess's I know, this means dusting off, wiping down, and giving a fresh coat of paint to anything remotely connected to our lives. As a graphic designer, this regiment includes my office.
My office is where I live and breathe and it sometimes shows. Research material for the next article or project is either piled up in the basket or gets stuffed in a drawer with all the other papers I don't have time to file correctly. Dog eared manila folders plastered with notes from projects I did six months ago adorn one corner of my work table while the dust bunnies under the desk have grown to the size of Godzilla.
On top of that, I can always feel assured of how loved I am by the number of cats I have nestled in my favorite sweater in the corner chair.
Is any of this starting to sound familiar?
I prepare for Spring Cleaning well in advance with the purchase of a few necessities. Here's a partial list to help you get started:
Cardboard Storage Boxes.
Manila Folders
Labels
A Red Magic Marker for labeling.
Paper clips or Squeeze Clips.
Large Mailing Envelopes (for photos & clipart)
Blank CD's with sleeves
Garbage Bags
How Long Does It Take?
Depending on your amount of organizational skills will set the standard for how long your Spring Cleaning takes. I can usually take an afternoon to whip my office into shape. However, I helped a friend of mine clean their office and it took a week! We are both packrats and save every scrap of paper, the difference is mine can usually be found when I need it again. Your needs may fall somewhere in between.
Break It Down Into Manageable Tasks
Now that we have our supplies, I follow a pattern when I clean. I break it down into manageable tasks so it's less overwhelming. I've listed them here for you:
Start in the corner nearest the door and work your way around the room in a clockwise movement.
Start by making stacks of each company or person you have done work for.
Separate photos and artwork into envelopes and identify with the company name, date and project.
Clear out magazines more than six months old. These can be recycled or taken to retirement homes for the elderly. Many hospitals will also accept donations if you mark out the name on the address label for their waiting rooms.
Separate and stack paper stock according to weight and color. If you have an inkjet printer as well as a laser printer, you will want to separate by paper by type as well.
Either put all the books back in the bookcase or buy a bookcase to eliminate stacking all over the office.
Recycle old printer and toner cartridges at Staples or Office Depot. There are also many places like Cartridge World that will recycle them for you. If you use cartridge refills this is a free service from Cartridge World and you even get Free Shipping!
Recycle old printer and toner cartridges at Staples or Office Depot. There are also many places like Cartridge World that will recycle them for you. If you use cartridge refills this is a free service from Cartridge World and you even get Free Shipping! Recycle paper, old phone books and other items if possible.
Get everything out of the storage closet and sort or throw it away if it isn't being used.
Once you have cleared out the clutter and identified the good stuff, it's time to break it down and organize it so you can find it when you need it again. Don't give out on me now! We're almost done!
Take each company/person stack you created earlier and sort into individual projects. Some may only have one while others may have several items.
Create clearly tagged labels for each project. Remember to date it for reference later.
Create CD backups of the computer files in case of the OMG's (or back-up on an external drive). Store these with the file for easy retrieval.
Each group of folders can now be filed in the storage boxes purchased earlier. My labeling goes by company then date project. Everyone is different though. Find something you are comfortable with, but allows you to have the information at your fingertips at a moments notice.
Only keep out active files. File or box all the others and put it away in the nice clean storage closet.
Wipe off countertops, work areas, computer screens and anything else that has an inch of dust and grit on it. Sweep the floors and mop, because you know it will be the last time you see the floor ‘til next year.
By making a point of organizing and eliminating the clutter we can save time and energy that could be best used somewhere else. You now know where everything is and where to find it. This exercise also serves to jog our memories. Clients you haven't talked to in three or four months are prime targets for lost business. Can you afford to neglect even one? What if they are Spring Cleaning too?
Lois Knight
******
About the author: Lois Knight has been a freelance writer and graphic designer for the last two years. They design predominantly for small start up companies and non profits in need of design services that could not afford them otherwise. They have a background as an entrepreneur for over twenty years and has dedicated themselves to educating people interested in graphics as a career. They also write on All Graphic Design.
Cryptocurrency Dash and Wall of Coins have united to help people buy and sell Dash from banks and financial services branches. Dash users can now exchange it at Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, MoneyGram and Western Union and also buy Dash just as easily.
“One of the biggest barriers for consumers getting into a new cryptocurrency like Dash is obtaining their first coins,” Dash director of finance Ryan Taylor said. “With more services, there is a lot of friction involved. You need to sign up for an account, verify your identity, wait for account approvals and transfer funds from a bank account.
“Wall of Coins makes this process much simpler, and allows users to purchase Dash immediately at tens of thousands of physical locations in 12 countries.”
Wall of Coins is a web-based platform allowing users to buy and sell Bitcoin and Dash in a P2P environment. Customers can deposit cash at their local financial institution and receive Dash or Bitcoin to their software wallet or sell their holdings to Wall of Coins and receive cash from that same institution.
Submitted by Doug Casey via InternationalMan.com,
It's well-known that you have to make a declaration if you physically transport $10,000 or more in cash or monetary instruments in or out of the US, or almost any other country; governments collude on these things, often informally.
Gold has always been in something of a twilight zone in that regard. It's no longer officially considered money. So it's usually regarded as just a commodity, like copper, lead, or zinc, for these purposes. The one-ounce Canadian Maple Leaf and US Eagle both say they're worth $50 of currency.
But I've recently had some disturbing experiences crossing borders with coins. Of course, crossing any national border is potentially disturbing at any time. You might find yourself interrogated, strip searched, or detained for any reason or no reason. But I suspect what happened to me in three of the last four borders I crossed could be a straw in the wind.
I've gradually accumulated about a dozen one-ounce silver rounds in my briefcase, some souvenirs issued by mining companies, plus others from Canada, Australia, China, and the US. But when I left Chile a couple of months ago, the person monitoring the X-ray machine stopped me and insisted I take them out and show them to them This had never happened before, but I wrote it off to chance. Then, when I was leaving Argentina a few weeks later, the same thing happened. What was really unusual was that the inspector looked at them, took them back to their supervisor, and then asked if I had any gold coins. I didn't, they smiled, and I went on.
What really got my attention was a few weeks later when I was leaving Mauritania, one of the world's more backward countries. Here, I was also questioned about the silver coins. A supervisor was again called over and asked me whether I had any gold coins. Clearly, something was up.
I haven't seen any official statements about the movement of gold coins, but it seems probable that governments are spreading word to their minions. After all, $10,000 in $100 bills is a stack about an inch high; it's hard to hide, and clearly a lot of money. But even at currently depressed prices, $10,000 is only nine Maple Leafs, a much smaller volume. Additionally, the coins are immune to currency-sniffing dogs, are much less likely to be counterfeit, and don't have serial numbers. And if they're set aside for a few years, they won't be damaged by water, fire, insects, currency inflation, or the complete replacement of a currency. Gold coins are in many ways an excellent way to subvert capital controls. And I think they'll become much more popular in that role.
That's because, all over the world, paper cash is disappearing. People are moving away from paper cash. That's partially because there are fewer and fewer bank branches where you can cash a check, and ATM machines are costly to use. And partially because everybody has a cell phone and they're starting to use them for even trivial purchases, like a cup of coffee. Governments are encouraging this because if all purchases, sales, and payments are made electronically, they'll know exactly what you're doing with your money.
From their point of view, the elimination of cash will have several major benefits: It decreases the opportunity for tax evasion, it decreases the possibilities of “money laundering,” it eliminates the expense of printing currency, it obviates counterfeiting, and it gives the state instant access to all of any individual's cash. From an individual's point of view, however, the safety and freedom offered by a stack of paper cash will disappear.
Much of the safety and freedom offered by foreign banks and brokerage accounts has already disappeared. Few people seem aware of the fact that not so long ago, there was no limit to the amount of cash you could transfer in or out of the US without reporting. Or that you didn't have to report the existence of offshore bank or brokerage accounts (although you did have to report taxable income from them).
That changed in 1970, first with the passage of USC 3156, and then the perversely-named Bank Secrecy Act. The 1986 Tax Reform Act made it highly inconvenient, and largely uneconomic, to invest in passive foreign investment companies (PFICs). In 2010, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) required every foreign financial institution in the world to report info on US persons to the US government. The enormous regulatory burdens and potential penalties it imposes now make it very hard to find a foreign institution that will even open an account for an American.
These are all de facto capital controls. In the US, banks are starting to notify customers that they're not responsible for the storage of cash, or gold, in their safe deposit boxes. When I was in New Zealand a couple of months ago, I was taken aback to see that the suburban branch of a major bank was closing down its substantial safe deposit box department.
When I inquired why, the manager only knew that it was a new policy and if I wanted a box, I'd have to go to the main branch. This seems to be another worldwide trend. If there isn't a safe place to store paper cash or gold, then people will be less likely to possess them.
But it's getting worse. Over the last couple of years, there have been efforts to pass a bill that would allow the US to deny issuance, or cancel, the passport of anyone who is simply accused of owing $50,000 or more in taxes. I expect this will become law at some point. After all, it clearly states on your passport that it's government property and it must be turned in on request. People are actually the most valuable form of capital. Emigration has always been nearly impossible from authoritarian regimes.
So what's next? I expect, as the subtle war on both cash and the transfer of capital across borders gains momentum, that gold coins are going to become the next focus of attention. So I suggest you act now to beat the last minute rush.
Have a meaningful percentage of your net worth in gold coins. Have a significant number of those coins stored outside the country of your citizenship. Concentrate your future purchases in small coins that are indistinguishable from loose change. Things like British sovereigns (.23 oz of gold) or their continental equivalents (French, Swiss, German, Danish, Russian, etc., pieces of generally .18 oz of gold). Not only is gold cheap now, but all of these are currently at only a few percent above melt. Happily, they have collectible value, and they resemble common pocket change to an X-ray machine.
Also, do this: Put a bunch of silver Eagles in your brief case the next time you travel internationally and let us know if your experience resembles our own.
House Dems: Michael Flynn May Have Lobbied For Nuclear Deal Inside White House
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
Story updated at 6:05 p.m. ET
Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn may have lobbied on behalf of a vast foreign deal to build a fleet of nuclear reactors across the Middle East as they were serving as national security adviser, according to new documents out Wednesday.
Two top House Democrats questioned Flynn's use of their office in a letter they sent to business leaders with whom Flynn worked on the project.
"Your responses raise significant questions about whether General Flynn continued to communicate with you and others about this project after the presidential election ... and after General Flynn assumed the post of national security adviser — without disclosing their foreign travel or contacts," they wrote.
The letter is signed by the ranking members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Eliot Engel, D-N.Y., and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Elijah Cummings, D-Md. The two Democrats wrote that they are sharing their findings with Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller and the Republican chairpeople of their committees.
Cummings and Engel have been corresponding with officials whose companies are involved in the nuclear project and who worked with Flynn on behalf of the deal starting in 2015. Alex Copson and retired Rear Adm. Michael Hewitt run businesses that hoped to broker a deal to build a new nuclear-powered electricity infrastructure in the Middle East.
Their work involved travel to Egypt and Israel that raises potential problems for Flynn because they did not report their trips or contacts with foreign officials, as required after they retired from the Army.
What is new is Engel and Cummings' suggestion that Flynn might have kept up their work with the would-be deal brokers from within the White House and potentially advocated for them with the State Department, Defense Department or President Trump.
National Security How Gen. Michael Flynn Became A Central Figure In The Russia Hacking Scandal How Gen. Michael Flynn Became A Central Figure In The Russia Hacking Scandal Listen · 43:56 43:56
"The American people deserve to know whether General Flynn was secretly promoting the private interests of these businesses while they were a campaign adviser, a transition official or President Trump's national security adviser," the House leaders wrote.
The business partners with whom Flynn worked told the members of Congress that they believe the nuclear power plan remains "an ongoing, viable project" that is "now part of the Trump administration's 'toolkit' for the Middle East."
The hugely ambitious scheme involves a consortium — including the United States, Russia, possibly China and companies from many other countries — building a network of 40 nuclear reactors across the Middle East, along with a major new electrical distribution network.
The whole thing would be "fully funded by the Gulf Arab states," according to its backers, and the improvement in stability and security it would yield in the Middle East meant Flynn "firmly believed in the necessity of the project from a U.S. national security perspective," they said.
So Flynn, who started a lobbying and consulting business, the Flynn Intelligence Group, after they were ousted as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, got on board and traveled to the Middle East to promote the nuclear project. They did not disclose they were doing so, as is required by law.
A representative for Flynn's business, based outside Washington, D.C., did not deny that Flynn had traveled to the Middle East as part of the plan or that they had met with foreign contacts and omitted those details from their official reporting. But there was no additional comment in the material released by Engel and Cummings.
Separately, NBC News reported Wednesday that Flynn's son, Michael Flynn Jr., is a subject in the ongoing federal investigation about Russian interference in the 2016 election. The younger Flynn "had a heavy hand" in the daily operations of Flynn's company, the network reported.
Cummings has previously documented payments from Russian entities to Flynn, which they did not report as required, and earlier questions have also been raised about their advocacy for Turkey.
Flynn's attorney has asked members of Congress for a deal in which they would be granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for their testimony about the Russia imbroglio — one lawmaker rejected.
Retraction and Apology: The article posted below on April 10, 2017 incorrectly stated that the Amalgamated Transit Union International raided the offices of ATU Local 113. The newspaper retracts any statement that the ATU International raided the offices of ATU Local 113 and any implication that the ATU International removed documents, records or hard drives from the local's offices. We apologize for the error.
When Bob Kinnear was locked out of their office in early February by the American leadership of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) union, a private feud between two of Canada's union heavyweights suddenly went public.
At the core of the bitter dispute are two conflicting perspectives: whether Kinnear, aided and abetted by Unifor, Canada's largest private-sector union, “went off the rails” and planned a hostile takeover of the 11,000-member local they represented; or whether a “collection” of American union “thugs” attacked Canadian workers' democratic rights to decide who represents them at the bargaining table.
Unifor president Jerry Dias argues their fight with the American-based Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) is absolutely the latter.
“I'm not a cheerleader in the labour movement,” Dias told Postmedia. “I'm going to say my piece. And if people don't like it, that's too damn bad.”
“Unifor is the largest private-sector union in the country and we have a responsibility to ensure democracy within the labour movement,” they said.
“And if we have a collection of thugs that are going to fire people, going to take their assets, going to do all these things to intimidate them, then I'm going to talk about it.”
Unifor has more than 310,000 members across the country.
U.S.-based ATU International is America's largest transit union, representing more than 190,000 workers on both sides of the border.
The two are embroiled in a feud that surfaced after ATU's American leadership turfed Kinnear, duck walked the union executive out the door, changed the locks on the local's offices, placed the local under trusteeship, and blamed its actions on Kinnear's “secretive effort to split Local 113 away from its fellow ATU Canada Locals.”
What apparently sent the American head office over the edge was a request by Kinnear and Local 113 to the Canadian Labour Congress for an investigation into the relationship between Local 113 and the U.S. head office. Specifically, Kinnear asked whether TCC workers, if they so chose, could leave the ATU and join another union. The Canadian Labour Congress said they could.
In reaction, the ATU ousted Kinnear who, with Dias at their side, called a media conference to argue their side of the story.
“This is an outright attack, it's an invasion, on our autonomy as Canadians and Canadian workers,” they said at the time.
Then, after launching a successful court action that saw them reinstated in their job, Kinnear abruptly resigned a month later on March 17.
Kinnear did not return repeated calls for comment.
For their part, ATU International president Larry Hanley maintains Kinnear, Dias and the leadership of the CLC are absolutely complicit in an effort by Unifor targeting their union's 11,000 TTC members.
“We got calls from Toronto saying that Bob Kinnear was going off the rails and was attempting to engage another union in the raid of the ATU,” Hanley told Postmedia, explaining why the local was put under trusteeship.
From the ATU's perspective, this was not about democratic rights, but a naked and hostile takeover attempt made without the knowledge or consent of Local 113 members.
Unifor is “a struggling union in an industry that's very challenged” and looking to grow by raiding ATU's Local 113, Hanley suggests.
Dias counters that the right of Canadian workers to decide their own fate, not membership numbers, is the real issue.
“I don't have any quarrels with international unions,” Dias said. “My problem is: does somebody have the right to sit in Washington and make a decision to fire 17 democratically elected Canadians? Does somebody in Washington have the right to seize the assets of Canadian workers? It's the Canadian worker that paid for that union hall.”
Dias insists Unifor wasn't raiding the ATU, but said the next time a group of workers wants to leave their union and join another, and their local is put into trusteeship to prevent it, he's going to court.
The union president points to several examples of where ATU big-footed the Canadian locals.
In one case, American ATU delegates prevented the election of Kinnear to a key position — ATU international vice-president.
The ATU constitution also makes it nearly impossible for its members to change unions, and gives the parent enormous power to seize the local's assets if it does break away.
“In Toronto, if 10 workers wanted to stay with the ATU and 11,000 wanted to leave, they can't,” Dias said. “This is what I'm fighting against.”
Professor Larry Savage, director of the Brock University Centre for Labour Studies, suggests the festering disagreement between Unifor and ATU will dominate talk among rank and file delegates at the next meeting of the Canadian Labour Congress in Toronto, a once-every-three-years event.
“I don't want to pretend like the dispute is not severe, because I think it is a severe dispute. You rarely hear about these things until they boil over,” Savage said.
“But I suspect that the leadership of the Canadian Labour Congress will try to contain the debate because they don't want an incident at the convention that will potentially divide the labour movement and deepen the divisions.”
Savage suggested two fundamental and deeply held views of the labour movement are at odds here.
“The principle that Jerry Dias really hangs their hat on is the principle of union democracy and that workers ought to have the right to choose the union that they want representing them,” they said.
On the other hand, the principle of solidarity — that unions shouldn't use their resources fighting each other — is deeply entrenched in the labour movement, they said.
Following the uproar in the Toronto local, Canadian Labour Congress president Hassan Yussuff ordered a probe and released an investigator's report into the dispute.
The report found the ATU had been less than co-operative with the CLC and their claims “full of falsifications.”
“The report sheds light on many of the public allegations and reiterates the notion that there is always more than one side to a story,” Yussuff wrote in a March 27 letter.
“As you can imagine, I have been extremely frustrated by the public nature in which the ATU and others have chosen to attack the CLC and my handling of this file.”
Canadian Labour Congress investigator Barry Thorsteinson's report found Unifor did violate the Canadian Congress' constitution, which requires a union notify the national body before making overtures to members of another affiliated union.
However, Thorsteinson's report also countered the ATU's claim that Kinnear went rogue.
There was “abundant evidence” that executive board members at Local 113 supported Kinnear, their report says.
Thorsteinson also reported TTC union rank and file members were subjected to an “allegedly sanctioned fear campaign” by ATU, threatened with the loss of pensions, their collective agreement, even wages or jobs.
“In fairness, I have yet to verify if these allegations are true, due to the end of further investigation,” the report says.
Hanley flatly denied the Local 113 members received threats from ATU.
For their part, Dias suggests the dispute between the two union heavyweights isn't over.
Workers shouldn't have to fear reprisals if they want to change unions, and local executives elected by their Canadian members should not be swept aside as a way to shut them up, they said.
“The argument is, ‘You keep your nose out of my business,' ” they said. “Well, the reality is, it is my business.”
In a Budweiser commercial set to air this Sunday during Super Bowl 50, Actress Helen Mirren, “a notoriously frank and uncensored British lady,” offers a brutal tongue-lashing to those who choose to drive drunk — summoning Charles Darwin themselves to intervene with one of those gene-ending awards he's known for.
Hello. I'm Helen Mirren, a notoriously frank and uncensored British lady.
The collective “we” are dumbfounded that people still drive drunk, so I'll sum it up like this. If you drive drunk, you — simply put — are a shortsighted, utterly useless, oxygen-wasting human form of pollution, a Darwin award-deserving selfish coward.
Now, the chances are you're a fun, solid, respectable human being. Don't be a pillock.
Your friends and family thank you.
The friends and families of other drivers thank you.
Your future self thanks you.
This is supposed to be fun!
Cheers.
[Grabs a Budweiser.]
Nice and cold.
Snorkeling is one of my favorite vacation activities. So much so, that when I am planning a getaway, one of my top priorities is that snorkeling is an option! Growing up in Miami, I think I was snorkeling before I was doing multiplication…being out in the water has always been a way of life. While in Curaçao on a complimentary press trip in February, I got to explore Curacao in a totally different way…underwater! I was so inspired by the experience that I began thinking about these 7 Reasons Why You Should Go Snorkeling in Curacao post on the flight home!
7 Reasons Why You Should Go Snorkeling in Curacao
1. You Can Explore Curacao's Blue Room.
The first place we snorkeled was in Curacao's Blue Room, formerly referred to as Boka Fluit (whistle mouth). You can't really tell that there is a cave from the water, as it's really almost an underwater cave.
Once you dive down into Curacao's Blue Room, you'll pop up on the other side to find that it's perfectly named: it's a blue room. The waters are perfectly turquoise and the light reflecting beneath the waters make the walls appear blue as well.
The water is crystal clear, and the bottom is covered in perfectly white sand, which lends to optimum visibility.
You may even see a school of fish!
Snorkeling in Curacao's Blue Room is an experience unlike any other. You feel completely isolated and disconnected from reality, but of course, in a good way.
It's just you, the fish and the surreal blue enveloping you…
2. You Can Go Cliff Diving After You Snorkel!
After you've exited the Blue Room, climb up on the coral rock and dive into the beautiful blue waters! The heights aren't high enough to present a danger, and you'll still get the experience of cliff diving without the risk!
3. The Water in Curacao is Oh So Warm.
While there are some beautiful snorkeling areas in many parts of the world, Curacao has a steady, year-round temperature in the 80s. That means that the waters are always perfect for swimming, snorkeling and scuba diving!
4. You Don't Have to Worry About Sharks.
I love snorkeling back home in Florida, but let's face it, sharks are a real danger. While we haven't had a shark attack in Miami for as long as I can remember, we know that they're out there…and they sometimes strike as close as Fort Lauderdale.
Curacao hasn't had a recorded shark attack as far back as I could find, and from speaking to the locals, it seems the only have the occasional nurse shark, which we all know is harmless.
I can't tell you how relaxing it was to snorkel without having to look over my shoulder!
5. Tropical Fish Abound in Curacao.
I love fish. I love going under the water's surface and submerging myself into their world.
If you stay still long enough, they seem to forget you're there and swim right around you!
6. You Might See Sea Turtles!
I have always been fascinated with sea turtles. While we have quite a bit here in Miami, and I do see them while fishing in the Florida Keys, I've never seen one while snorkeling. As we began making our way back to the boat to end our snorkeling experience with Go West Diving, there was a sea turtle swimming around the marina and they swam right near me!
I was so excited…and SO HAPPY that I'd brought along my Waterproof Case for the trip! {fyi, that's an affiliate link!}
7. You can Snorkel at Any Beach in Curacao.
No matter where you go, the waters of Curacao are crystal clear and teaming with sea life. Heading to Curacao and don't have the funds to book a snorkeling excursion? No problemo!
Bring a snorkeling mask and fins from home – or even just a mask if you're tight on funds or space in your luggage – and go snorkeling at any beach you wind up on.
Of course there are many more reasons why you should add snorkeling in Curacao to your agenda…can you think of any?
For guided snorkeling and scuba diving excursions, go check out the Go West Diving website, they were kind enough to host me while I was in Curacao!
On Tuesday, first daughter Ivanka Trump attended an international summit in Berlin to share their perspective on women's entrepreneurship, after receiving an invitation from none other than the German Chancellor herself. But even a rubber stamp from Angela Merkel didn't stop the left-leaning German audience at the event from hissing and booing Ivanka as they projected their anxieties about their father in crude fashion.
The event's moderator didn't do Ivanka any favors. Throwing a series of confrontational and accusatory questions at the first daughter, WirtschaftsWoche editor-in-chief Miriam Meckel had already rendered Ivanka culpable for their father's supposed ills through guilt-by-association.
“You're the first daughter of the United States, and you're also an assistant to the President,” stated Meckel. “The German audience is not that familiar with the concept of a first daughter. I'd like to ask you, what is your role, and who are you representing, your father as President of the United States, the American people, or your business?”
So much for female solidarity.
You know it's bad when the liberal publication Politico admits that from the get-go the moderator's interrogation of Ivanka appeared “aggressive.”
“It was an aggressive opening line of questioning for the first daughter, who was seated next to Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, and one seat down from Merkel. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands was also a participant on the W20 Summit panel, which Ivanka Trump attended at Merkel's invitation,” reports Politico. “And it appeared to put them on the spot.”
“The questions asked of Trump seemed more direct than those about women in the workforce posed to other panelists,” adds Politico.
While Ivanka attempted to brave the ambush with grace and class, suggesting that they care “very much about empowering women in the workplace," the German audience gave no quarter, dismissing the female executive as their father's puppet.
The crowd refused to relent even when Ivanka called themselves a “feminist.”
“I'm striving to think about how best to empower women in the economy,” they said, humbly. “I have no doubt that coming out of this trip I'll be more informed.”
“I'm very proud of my father's advocacy,” they added, lauding President Trump as a “a tremendous champion of supporting families and enabling them to thrive.”
And yet, all the diplomatic language (and welfare-state inspired concessions) in the world couldn't suppress the anti-Trump hysteria in the room.
“But they were booed and hissed at by the majority-women audience at the conference when they lauded their father for supporting paid-leave policies,” notes Politico.
The hissing and booing got so loud that the moderator called Ivanka's attention to them, asking the first daughter to comment on the implications of a room full of angry Germans hating a de facto representative of the White House.
“You hear the reaction from the audience,” asked Meckel. “I need to address one more point – some attitudes toward women your father has displayed might leave one questioning whether he's such an empowerer for women.”
Ivanka took the question in stride, answering that they have “certainly heard the criticism from the media that's been perpetuated.” That response lightened the mood in the room, drawing scattered chuckles from the largely hostile audience.
Ivanka continued:
If you've given Ubuntu Touch a chance, you've probably felt like the platform holds the possibility to be great, but is missing something. Jack Wallen thinks he's solved that confounding enigma.
Image: Jack Wallen
I've been working with the Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition for a while now. It's a nice piece of technology that finally offers the Ubuntu Touch platform the power necessary to get the job done. During my time with this device, I had to constantly remind myself that, sadly enough, the platform really isn't ready for prime time.
But it's very close.
Many people have criticized Ubuntu Touch's laggy behavior. And while that is very much front and center on the Pro 5, I accepted that fact, simply because the platform is still in its youth. I hearken back to the first time I set fingers to the Android platform and recall how terrible that experience was (HTC Hero anyone?). If I'm being completely honest, the state of Ubuntu Touch is actually well ahead of where Android was in its infancy. To be fair, however, the developers of Ubuntu Touch have been privy to the ebb and flow of mobility in a way that the Android developers were not. The early days of Android were groundbreaking and Canonical have the benefit of not making those same mistakes that were made while Android was learning to crawl.
If I were asked what I thought of the Ubuntu Touch ecosystem, one word comes to mind:
Lacking.
Now, before anyone starts shaking their head, let me explain.
What it's lacking
Ubuntu Touch isn't missing out of features. In fact, the platform offers everything that users have grown accustomed to...only in a slightly different format. Whereas most mobile platforms offer apps, Ubuntu Touch works with Scopes. If we're being honest, Scopes are really just fancy web pages...which then makes you think that the platform isn't really all that different from Chrome OS. However, as much as I love Chrome OS, it would not make for a viable smartphone platform. But even though Chrome OS wouldn't be suitable as a smartphone OS, it still offers the one thing that the Ubuntu Phone lacks.
A pseudo home screen.
That is the single element Ubuntu Touch lacks...one that it needs if the platform will ever succeed in winning over users. Why? Let me explain.
I've been a Linux user since the late nineties. Since I first started using the open source platform, I've happily hopped around from distribution to distribution, from desktop to desktop. I loved the variety that could be found within the realm of Linux. But no matter how many different desktop environments or window managers I tried, I found there were certain features that were required so that I could find myself productive.
Jump to the mobile environment, and the same thing holds true. The one thing missing from the Ubuntu Touch environment is the home screen. I get where they are going with this, but (for me and many others) it's not working. The idea that your home screen is a Scope (or collection of Scopes) ready to serve up information about Today, News, etc. is fine...if it's not the only option. Sure you can opt to use a different default scope...but the fact is, you are limited to a scope being your home screen. Gone is the idea of customizing your home screen with a wallpaper. Home screen launchers? No. Widgets? Fuggetaboutit.
What Canonical is doing with Ubuntu Touch is great. But if they want to appeal to the masses, they can't simply strip away the neutral area that all mobile platforms share. No matter how long I work with Ubuntu Touch, no matter how familiar I get with the system (and how intuitive it becomes...which it does eventually), I always want to return to a home screen. Every time that Today Scope appears, I want to swipe it away and see a nice wallpaper and clock widget. Why? It's home.
And home is, after all, where the heart is.
Cliché much?
I know, I know...it's cliché, but it's true. The home screen is, in most mobile platforms, a major factor in efficiency. If this wasn't the case, why have so many home screen launchers been developed for Android?
Because people use them
Because people like to customize their devices
Because people like the familiar
"In excess" is not just a band
Although Ubuntu Touch is missing that precious home screen, thanks to Scopes it does an outstanding job of getting information into the hands of the user. And that's a good thing. But as with all things, a touch of moderation would be nice. As it stands, Ubuntu Touch wants to flood you with information. The second you unlock the device, you are presented with the Today Scope (Figure A). You can swipe to the right to get information about anything nearby, swipe again to get to your apps, swipe again to get to the news, again to see music, yet again to see videos, and yet again to see photos.
Figure A
Image: Jack Wallen
The Ubuntu Touch Today Scope.
I would love to see a home screen akin to the Ubuntu desktop. A nice wallpaper, the launcher, and then, when tapping the Ubuntu icon, those Scopes can come out to play. But as it stands, the Ubuntu Touch interface seems a bit forced, a bit backwards in its thinking. Let the user decide what they want to see when their device is unlocked (and adding/rearranging scopes isn't enough). Give us the option to use a home screen like every other mobile platform on the market and you might just have a massive hit on your hands.
Also see
Story highlights Imran Khan and their guards tumbled about 20 feet near a rally stage
Khan is one of two frontrunners for prime minister
Saturday's election will mark Pakistan's first democratic transition of power
The run-up to Pakistan's elections has been beset by violence, particularly by the Pakistani Taliban
Famed politician and Pakistani cricket star Imran Khan suffered spinal fractures and a head injury after a dramatic fall on the campaign trail, officials said.
Khan is one of two frontrunners for Pakistani prime minister. They were injured Tuesday, just four days before the country's historic election -- Pakistan's first democratic transition of power.
Khan and at least two guards were riding on a forklift up to a stage in Lahore, where Khan was to hold a rally. The men apparently lost their balance near the side of the stage and fell about 20 feet, clinging on to one another.
Khan struck their head on a metal bar jutting out of machinery on the way down. Their guards were not seriously injured.
Dr. Faisal Sultan of Shaukat Khanum Hospital said Khan suffered two fractures to their spine and needs to rest, but there's no sign of any neurological damage.
JUST WATCHED Cricket star turned politician takes fall Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cricket star turned politician takes fall 03:09
JUST WATCHED 2012: Imran Khan takes on U.S. drones Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2012: Imran Khan takes on U.S. drones 11:34
From their hospital bed, Khan urged citizens to vote in Saturday's election. Their injuries cut short a grueling schedule of 50 rallies across Pakistan in eight days.
Their main opponent, Nawaz Sharif, decided to postpone campaigning out of respect for Khan.
Pakistan's democratic elections to select a new government have been plagued by deadly violence in recent weeks, and the Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for several hits on candidates' campaigns.
At least 16 people died Tuesday in two attacks in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province; one attack targeted a Pakistan People's Party rally, and the other targeted a candidate for the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman group, police said.
And on Monday, an explosion killed 18 people at a rally for Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman, a right-wing religious party with sympathies for the militant Taliban movement.
Incidentally, the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that blast. It said it attacked because one of the candidates, Munir Orakzai, has handed over members of the mujahedeen to the United States.
"We will never forgive them nor leave them alive," a statement from Pakistani Taliban spokesperson Ihsan Ullah Ihsan said.
The anti-Taliban Awami National Party and the Muttahida Quami Movement and their personnel also have been targeted recently.
On Saturday, three people were killed in back-to-back explosions near the MQM headquarters in Karachi, police said.
The MQM, one of Pakistan's largest and most liberal parties, is firmly opposed to the Islamist militant group.
Ihsan, the Pakistani Taliban spokesperson, called CNN and said their group claimed responsibility for the Karachi explosions.
Truth About It.net's Key Legislature: a quick run-down and the game's defining moment(s)
for Washington Wizards contest No. 74 versus the Rockets in D.C.
via Conor Dirks (@ConorDDirks), covering it live from the Phone Booth.
by Conor Dirks.
“All that's over now, and you gotta move on.”
As Trevor Ariza, with just a hint of melancholy, reflected on the familiar faces, and the two years they spent in D.C. “trying to get better,” the Rockets locker room buzzed with laughter and the kind of conversations impossible to have after a loss. Sitting in Ariza's locker was a bouquet of flowers, a blown-up black-and-white photo of Ariza in a Wizards uniform driving past LeBron James, and a note that said “Welcome back, WORK.” And while Ariza came out jittery, turning the ball over four times in the first quarter, they looked at home again as the Rockets swung the ball around to them in the second half, giving them enough space to rise up for a back-breaking 3-pointer that dashed a wizard run against the rocks of reality like a bottle of MD 20/20 you might drink on the latest rough night of many.
Business is business, as Wizards radio maestro Glenn Consor alluded to on Twitter, but no amount of potentially smart, future-based planning makes up for Ariza's absence this season. Especially with an obviously exhausted and possibly “over it” Paul Pierce recording their sixth straight single-digit performance (2 points), throwing thoughtless passes into the arms of Rockets defenders, missing four uncontested shots (1-for-6 overall) and looking like they have less lift to their jump shot than a jetpack constructed with Play-Doh and Mountain Dew. Pierce only played 22 minutes and was nowhere to be seen in the fourth quarter.
As in innumerable games this season, the matinee against the Rockets was a bad John Wall (25 points, 12 assists, 8 rebounds) performance away from being a blowout. He's always been the best player on the team, but their excellent play—even with a skyrocketing turnover rate as the offense folds in on itself like a collapsing wormhole—is more of a crutch than ever. Let not the “effort” sermon fall upon Wall, who grabbed four steals, scored a team-high nine points off of Rockets turnovers, and once slid full speed across the painted area like a curling stone for a loose ball, assisting Otto Porter's layup in the process.
Meanwhile, Bradley Beal (15 points in 38 minutes) played like the poor midrange shooter that they have become under Wittman's direction, missing all four shots that weren't 3-pointers or shots at the rim. They went 3-for-3 at the rim, and 1-for-4 from behind the arc, but the shot chart doesn't tell the whole story. Beal's game, more than their preferred shot, has strayed farther from their strengths as the season has worn on. Increasingly, they spend possessions handling the ball inside the arc, dribbling, looking, searching for an opening to pull up for a jumper. The curls and screens with Nene and Gortat are cute, but they're ineffective, and always designed to free Beal up from 15-to-19 feet out, where they shoot just 33.1 percent. Claiming that making Beal more of a 3-point specialist would limit them is silly if this is the alternative.
You start with your strength. I look forward to the day when Beal, having become one of the most prolific (rather than just one of the most accurate) 3-point shooters in the NBA, expands their game. Of course, being a real, everyday threat to bury the deep ball helps open up the midrange area, just as it opens up lanes to the hoop after a convincing fake. As of today, Beal, a 42 percent 3-point shooter (49.6% at home), only takes half the 3-point attempts per 36 minutes as the likes of 3-point elite like Klay Thompson. The Wizards, as a team, don't take many 3-point shots, and may not have the roster to support a high attempt amount, but even their shooters don't shoot. It's just not Wizards basketball.
And what is Wizards basketball? In 2015, it's not worth emulating. Since the advent of the New Year, Washington is the ninth-worst team in the league. And although the fifth seed in the Eastern Conference is almost guaranteed, it's not guaranteed to mean much. With how much Wall has improved this season, and a 19-6 start, disappointment, rather than last season's joy, reigns as the losses stack like pizza boxes with “DNP-CD” written on the side in Otto Porter's apartment.
The team is bad, sure, but they're also confused. After months of talking about defensive intensity and effort instead of focusing on fixing a very much broken offensive game plan, it may be too late to set things right. It shows in games like Sunday's national television game versus Houston, where the defense held firm, and “limited” James Harden to 24 points on 20 shots. After the game, in a rare critical reprieve for the team's excellent, fourth-ranked defense, Wittman told the media:
“Defensively, we were pretty solid. I think the way they came out, we really had an opportunity to jump on them. We just couldn't get into any rhythm offensively. Our focus offensively, we were running things that I had never seen before. We weren't focused in what we needed to do from an offensive standpoint.”
If the Wizards forgot plays that were called, as both Wittman and Wall mentioned after the game, or ran plays that the coach had never seen before, it may be due to the lack of stability in the team's ever-changing rotations. Players sometimes appreciate a coach's willingness to mine the bench for contributors and knock those players together to see what sparks, but after over 70 games, a rotation that isn't pinned down is more of a hindrance than a boon.
Martell Webster (who racked up a team-high, awful 131.3 DefRtg in this game) was left to guard Harden on a critical late-quarter possessions. Rasual Butler (13 minutes) whiled away the time they had on the floor, accumulating a NetRtg of minus-19.5. Of the team's many underachieving wings, only Otto Porter, who has barely played in weeks, made a positive impact, scoring 15 points in 17 minutes, and hitting twice as many 3-pointers as the rest of the team combined. True to form, Wittman “let them ride it out” once it was apparent that Porter was having an impact. It's a kindness, but it's far less useful than developing a sustainable rotation. Three Wizards saw fewer than nine minutes of court time, while no Rocket player who took the court played less than sixteen minutes. For the Wizards, there is no familiarity, there is no routine.
And, really, the offense did not look any worse than usual. The Wizards missed a few more shots, but the process was the same. Working twice as hard for half as much, Washington took the first open shot they could find rather than look for better (and yes, more “efficient”) takes further into the possession. Despite a minutes-limit on Dwight Howard and injuries to Patrick Beverly, Terrence Jones, and Donatas Montiejunas, the Wizards were never really in the game. A 17-7 run led by Wall, Sessions, and Porter spanning the end of the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth brought the Wizards within four points with just over 10 minutes left in the game. An Otto Porter 3-pointer with 8:42 remaining brought them that close again, but Pablo Prigioni (!) answered Otto's 3-pointer with one of their own as Porter sagged off. A 14-2 Rockets run over the next three minutes put the already somnambulistic Wizards back to bed.
In 2015, the Wizards are 6-16 against teams over .500. Just days before the regular season's final month, the team looks as inconsistent as they were last year, and worse than they did in the first week of this season( ). Troubling, perhaps, given how many old legs hold up Grunfeld's investment in veteran leadership.
Move on to the next game, then, but know that these losses, suffered in such cruel succession, mean more today than whatever far-from-reality record the team might still hold.
From left, Germany's Paul Biedermann, France's Yannick Agnel , U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte and U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps compete in the final of the men's 200-meter freestyle. (PHILIPPE LOPEZ/AFP/GETTY IMAGES)
The world has seen this sort of performance plenty of times from Michael Phelps. Trailing at the halfway point. A huge push off the wall, a massive surge underwater. Suddenly, the lead. A strong finish. A gold medal.
The world saw it again Tuesday night, only Phelps wasn't the guy who did it.
Phelps was the guy who lost the lead.
Fellow American Ryan Lochte overtook Phelps, the defending Olympic champion, and held off Germany's Paul Biedermann, the defending world champion, to win the 200-meter freestyle at the swimming world championships in 1 minute 44.44 seconds.
Phelps went out fast but couldn't finish; they got the silver in 1:44.79. Biedermann claimed the bronze in 1:44.88, nearly three seconds slower than when they broke Phelps's world record in the event wearing one of the now-banned speedsuits at the 2009 championships.
“It's a big confidence boost,” said Lochte, who rarely competes in the event. “I guess it was my time tonight.”
The race left Phelps still seeking their first gold medal after two races here — they won a bronze in the men's 4x100 relay Sunday. It also bolstered Lochte's burgeoning reputation, hinting that they no longer is merely a capable rival for the world's best swimmer, but perhaps a true challenger to that title.
Not that Phelps seemed quite ready to acknowledge that.
Phelps suggested during an introspective news conference well after the race that things would be much different once they got back to the serious training they have largely neglected since they won eight gold medals at the 2008 Summer Games.
“With the training I've had in the last six to eight months, that's all I had in the tank,” Phelps said. “I would have loved to win but I think this is something that is going to help me next year. . . . The reason why I haven't been able to swim as fast as I wanted to the last two years is: It's all my fault.
“I know I can go faster than that, that I know for sure. . . . That time won't win a gold medal next summer.”
Lochte, who won six gold medals at last year's Pan Pacific Championships, had never beaten Phelps at a world championship or Olympic Games before Tuesday. Yet they absorbed the result as if they expected it all along, not so much cracking a smile as they pulled off their goggles and stared at the scoreboard. South Korea's Park Tae Hwan got fourth in 1:44.92; France's Yannick Agnel also went under 1:45 with their finish in 1:44.99.
Phelps, too, kept their cool. Two days after expressing deep disappointment with the U.S. relay team's third-place finish, Phelps looked for the positive.
“I'm bummed I didn't win,” Phelps said, “at the same time . . . . I'm headed in the right direction and very pleased.”
Phelps admitted to feeling a bit of satisfaction at beating Biedermann, who not only stole their world record at the 2009 worlds in Rome but also trounced them in the race.
“In '09, I was the underdog and nobody knows me,” Biedermann said. “Now, it's a little bit more difficult for me.”
Lochte executed their strategy perfectly. They anticipated that Phelps would go out hard and stayed close enough to strike. On the second turn, Lochte flew off the wall and swam that length faster than anyone else in the pool by more than 0.4 of a second. The field closed over the last 50 — including Phelps, who swam the last length 0.29 of a second faster than Lochte — but no one could close the gap.
Bob Bowman, Phelps's coach, said Phelps followed orders perfectly, albeit a tenth of a second or so slower than they would have liked. But they simply didn't fool Lochte, who speculated about how Phelps would approach the race the day before it took place.
“I know they want that clear water,” Lochte said Monday night. “I'm going to move over to the lane line and draft off of him.”
Lochte joked with Phelps on the medal stand about theirs having to compete in the night's 200 butterfly semifinals later — Phelps advanced to the final with the third-best time (1:54.85). The pair had also goofed around in the ready room, with both singing to the hip-hop playing on Phelps's headphones. The music was so loud, Phelps said, Lochte could hear it standing next to him.
Lochte likely will face Phelps again in the 200 individual medley final on Thursday; both easily advanced in their heats Wednesday morning. Lochte, who went under Phelps's 200 medley world record at the 2009 world championship, will enter that race as the favorite.
“I am definitely a completely different swimmer than I was in 2008,” said Lochte, who won two golds and two bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Games. “I'm a lot stronger and a lot smarter just going into my races.”
Andy Roddick may have been the most decorated American men's tennis player of their generation, but good luck finding the silverware to show for it.
Roddick's wife, Brooklyn Decker, said the former world No1 decided to throw away nearly all of their trophies during a recent cleaning spree at the couple's home in Austin, Texas.
“We have their US Open trophy,” Decker told People magazine in an interview published on Wednesday. “But all their other trophies Andy threw away in the garbage.”
Of all the dumb traditions of Wimbledon, its sexism is the worst | Greg Jericho Read more
Roddick was 21 when they shot to stardom with their breakthrough win at Flushing Meadows in 2003 – still the last major singles title won by an American man – and finished that season atop the ATP rankings. Their abrupt retirement during the 2012 US Open left the United States without an active men's grand slam champion for the first time in 129 years, since the inception of what then was called the US National Championships.
While Roddick never managed to win a second grand slam championship despite reaching four more finals (and losing to Roger Federer in each of them), the outspoken Texan won 32 titles and spent nearly a decade in the top 10 during a 12-year professional career that will see them inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame later this month.
“It was really upsetting,” Decker said of Roddick's shock decluttering. “He did it one day when I was out of town. [He] decided that these don't mean success to me, these don't define me and I don't really care to have these material things sitting around the house, so they threw them in the trash. I think they saved a few but they are not on display.”
The 34-year-old Roddick, who has done occasional TV work in retirement for Fox Sports 1 and the BBC, is the founder and chair of an eponymous foundation with the goal of helping at-risk youth. They and Decker, who married in 2009, welcomed their first child, Hank, in September 2015.
CHINA is smarting. A tribunal in The Hague ruled on July 12th that its claims to most of the South China Sea had no basis in international law. In the days since, China's government has shown no sign of wanting to dig itself out of a diplomatic hole—or any sign that it thinks it is in one.
Officials had two opportunities to be emollient and passed them both up. The first came when discussing bilateral talks with the Philippines, which had brought the case. Before the verdict the Philippines' new president, Rodrigo Duterte, had said “let's talk.” But according to their foreign minister, Perfecto Yasay, China demanded the talks take place without reference to the tribunal's ruling. When Mr Yasay said no, the Chinese side muttered that “we might be headed for a confrontation.” China also continued to block Philippine fishermen from their traditional grounds.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The other chance to step back came during a visit to Beijing by the chief of America's navy, Admiral John Richardson. Their opposite number, Wu Shengli, did not miss the opportunity to miss an opportunity. “We will never stop our construction on the Nansha [Spratly] islands half way, no matter what country or person applies pressure,” they said, referring to China's controversial building of harbours and runways on disputed outcrops in the South China Sea. At least they were talking.
Bellicosity from the brass is the order of the day. According to Reuters, another Chinese admiral, Sun Jianguo, told a forum in Beijing that “freedom of navigation” by American warships in the South China Sea, designed to ensure sea lanes stay open, could “play out in a disastrous way”. A vice-chairperson of the Central Military Commission, the Communist Party body that controls the armed forces, talked about beefing up combat preparedness during an inspection tour in the southern province of Guangdong. And so on.
More worrying than words were the actions. The maritime authority of Hainan, an island province off Guangdong, said it was closing an area in the South China Sea for three days while naval exercises took place. Xinhua, an official news agency, said China had recently dispatched a combat air patrol, consisting of H-6K bombers and fighters, over the South China Sea. China has been talking about setting up an Air Defence Identification Zone in the area, requiring incoming aircraft to identify themselves to its authorities. The air patrols could help China implement one. John Kerry, America's secretary of state, has called the idea of such a zone “provocative and destabilising”.
Two things are clear. One is that stubborn nationalism is a strong feature of China's foreign policy. The other is that Xi Jinping—China's president, Communist Party leader and commander-in-chief—is determined to control it, just they are to dominate all aspects of China's politics. State media have dismissed the tribunal as an American puppet, but Mr Xi does not want anti-US fervour to disrupt their diplomacy. China's navy is still taking part in biennial naval drills called RIMPAC, hosted by America and joined by more than 20 other countries, that are under way off Hawaii. It appears to relish the prestige.
After the verdict, China's social media started to call on people to boycott bananas from the Philippines and American brands such as iPhones and KFC, a fast-food chain. But the last thing Mr Xi wants are public demonstrations. (In the past century, patriotic protests have had a habit of turning against the government in China.) So this week, Xinhua and People's Daily, a party newspaper, started criticising the “irrational patriotism” of social media. A picture (left) that circulated on social media of a protest outside a KFC outlet was deleted by censors. If there is one thing more important than Chinese nationalism, it seems, it is party control.
That was borne out on July 17th when the Chinese National Academy of Arts forced the closure of one of China's most important and few remaining liberal magazines, Yanhuang Chunqiu. The decision to close it was remarkable because Mr Xi's late father, Xi Zhongxun, was one of its most important fans. The closure was inconceivable without the younger Mr Xi's say-so. The magazine won its spurs by challenging the party's account of events ranging from the Communist takeover of China in 1949 to the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s. But nothing may now challenge the official version—as the government's angry defence of its “historical” claims in the South China Sea shows.
Even with professionals at the controls, accidents still happen. At Madonna di Campiglio in Italy, Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer Marcel Hirscher narrowly avoided being hit by a drone being used to capture footage from the event. Hirscher could of been seriously injured or even killed had the drone crashed into him. Hirscher probably didn't even realise the drone had crashed and continued on to finish their run.
This incident is sure to raise more safety concerns about using drones to cover sporting events. Hirscher was quoted after the event saying “This can never happen again. This can be a serious injury.” and “Quite honestly, if I look at the pictures from the drone crash on the internet, I get sweaty palms and tremble.”
This is not the first time Drones have been used at ski races. The ski federation has been using them to enhance the experience for TV viewers as it provides moving pictures from an overhead angle which regular cameras can't shoot.
According to ESPN, the international ski federation is banning camera drones from future World Cup races. FIS men's race director Markus Waldner told The Associated Press that drones will be prohibited “As long as I am responsible …. because they are a bad thing for safety.”
KINGSTON — There were a couple of takeaways from the B.C. Lions' gritty, imperfect win over the Toronto Argos on Friday night.
First, it should be clear by now that the Lions' odds of winning improve exponentially when they keep Jonathon Jennings upright and in one piece.
Second, as long as Ty Long is handling the kicking chores, best to dispense with the directional-punting strategy and let the kid air it out.
Third — and here's the big one — for the last month, Wally Buono has talked incessantly about their vision for the Lions, how he's built a bigger, faster, more physical edition of their team. In their opening-week loss to Edmonton those qualities weren't always apparent.
Against the Argos, they showed up in a big way, especially on defence.
“We knew (Argos quarterback Ricky Ray) threw for 500 yards (in their Game 1 win over Hamilton),” said linebacker Solomon Elimimian. “We heard all about it, and we saw the damage they were doing. We had something to prove ourselves, and we stepped up to the plate.”
Even if they stumbled a couple of times on the way from the dugout to the batter's box.
“It's always going to be tough on the road,” said cornerback Ronnie Yell. “There was a lot of adversity (Friday), but we showed the league we're a good team.”
They certainly made believers out of the Argos.
While they took some time getting there, the Lions' got the ending right in their first of three straight road games, riding an 18-point fourth quarter to a convincing win which wasn't always convincing. Despite holding a wide edge in total offence and containing Ray and their explosive offence, the Lions were still trailing 15-10 early in the final frame when they buried the Boatmen before a pitiful crowd of 11,219.
Key to the comeback was a 75-yard touchdown drive engineered by Jennings immediately after the Argos had taken the lead — “Huge, but that's Jonathon,” said Buono, “he's at their best when things look their worst,” — and a Lions' fumble recovery that led to Jeremiah Johnson's clinching three-yard touchdown run.
But the seeds of this win were planted earlier with a defence that exerted its will on Ray and company. That defence, which features an unorthodox eight-man rotation on the front four, sacked Ray four times, pressured them on 10 other occasions and recorded three turnovers.
It's also critical to Buono's rebranding of the Lions.
“The game plan is to stop him, but Ricky Ray's a great quarterback,” Yell said. “He's going to get his. So you just try to contain them and don't let them gash you too much.”
Yell finished the night with five tackles, two knockdown, a fumble recovery and an interception. The interception was a direct result of a DeQuin Evans' pressure on Ray.
“Our front four was outstanding,” said Yell.
Even if it's a front eight.
“We love it,” said defensive end Craig Roh, who contributed two sacks.
“You get tired out there. It's nice to have a little rest.”
The offensive line, meanwhile, wasn't as consistent, but after a difficult first half in which they surrendered four sacks, they got into the spirit of things over the final 30 minutes. In addition to shutting down the Argos' pass rush, the unit contributed mightily to Johnson's touchdown. With the Lions' running backstopped cold at the line of scrimmage, five Lions — led by rookie guard David Foucault — pushed the pile into the end zone for the game-clinching score.
“That's what it's all about, man,” said Johnson, who ended up five yards deep in the end zone, with a knot on their head.
“Linemen pushing and crawling and grinding, blood everywhere. It was just a team effort to get in there and I was just going along for the ride.
“I've got a mark on my head, but we got the W.”
Seems like a fair exchange.
Long, finally, survived a challenging night which included net punts of two and 18 yards. But the first-year kicker also went three-for-three on field goals and contributed a 50-yard rocket late in the fourth quarter that buried the Argos on their eight-yard line.
“Kicking can be hard, and it was a tough night at times,” said Long. “I just tried to find a way to do my job.”
They had a lot of company in that regard.
ewilles@postmedia.com
twitter.com/willesonsports
Settlement Obtained for ACLU Client
June 18, 2014
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT: 212-549-2666, media@aclu.org
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO—Police Officer Jerry Bledsoe sent a written apology to Second Amendment advocate Jordan Klaffer, and agreed to pay damages, court costs and attorneys' fees. The Village of Kelso, where Bledsoe works, also assured Klaffer in writing that they will instruct police officers to not seek court orders to censor individuals who are critical of police officers' actions. In response, today Klaffer and the American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri asked the United States District Court to dismiss the First Amendment lawsuit filed in February on Klaffer's behalf.
Klaffer is a gun rights advocate who frequently fires their weapons at objects on private property. On May 1, 2013, Jerry Bledsoe, a police officer, confronted Klaffer while responding to a noise complaint. Klaffer videotaped the interaction, where Bledsoe issued an ultimatum to Klaffer to surrender their guns or be arrested. Klaffer refused to give up their guns and was arrested for disturbing the peace.
To express their opinion that Officer Bledsoe was using their position to harass them for exercising their Second Amendment rights, Klaffer posted recordings of the encounter on social media and Officer Bledsoe retaliated by obtaining a court order that prevented Mr. Klaffer from posting videos, pictures, and text data criticizing Officer Bledsoe on the Internet.
"Government officials cannot abuse their power by ordering the censorship of material that is critical of their actions," explains Tony Rothert, legal director of the ACLU of Missouri. "Censorship of criticism of police officers is an affront to the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech."
"This is an important win for First Amendment freedoms," says Jeffrey A. Mittman, the ACLU of Missouri's executive director. "It is a reminder for all police departments that citizens have a right to record public interactions with police officers and share those recordings freely."
ACLU of Missouri's website .
A copy of the complaint, and a link to Mr. Klaffer's YouTube video, are available on the
The ACLU of Missouri is a non-partisan, not-for-profit organization dedicated to defending and expanding the constitutional rights and civil liberties of all Missourians guaranteed by the U.S. and Missouri Constitutions, and is an affiliate of the national ACLU.
Ahead of their headlining appearance at Bonnaroo this weekend, Pearl Jam played a surprise warmup show at Third Man Records in Nashville. The intimate performance was open only to members of Pearl Jam's 10 Club who obtained tickets at a local Nashville record store just hours prior.
The 10-song set kicked off with a cover of Pink Floyd's “Interstellar Overdrive” before the band segued into “Corduroy”, “Pendulum”, and “Deep”. For the encore, Third Man founder Jack White joined Pearl Jam on stage for “Of the Earth”. Performances of “Hard to Imagine” and “Let Me Sleep” closed the show.
And by the looks of it, the entire set was recorded by Third Man.
Check out more photos from the evening via Third Man Records' Instagram, as well as the full setlist:
Setlist:
Interstellar Overdrive (Pink Floyd cover)
Corduroy
Pendulum
Mind Your Manners
1/2 Full
Life Wasted
Encore:
Of the Earth (with Jack White)
Hard to Imagine
Let Me Sleep
President-elect Donald Trump looks on during a rally at the DeltaPlex Arena, Dec. 9, 2016, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Drew Angerer/Getty Images
The Electoral College vote is usually a boring formality. Yet after an unusual presidential campaign that has shown time and time again that the wholly unexpected can become reality, there will be an unusual amount of attention to what happens when 538 people will meet Monday to select the president of the United States.
For weeks now, many have been calling on the electors to pick the candidate who won the popular vote, calls that have only grown recently amid revelations that the intelligence community believes Russia interfered in the election to help Donald Trump. Everyone agrees, however, that it is very, very unlikely that anything out of the ordinary will happen Monday. But, hey, we've said that a lot this year only to have to admit that all predictions were wrong, so might as well be prepared for the unexpected. Here's a rundown of the process that begins Monday and what can happen.
How does someone become an elector?
The name electors may bring up images of chosen people, picked out of the population for their sage wisdom. The truth is far more mundane. Really, they're just people chosen by state political parties. The process to become an elector varies by state. Some electors are picked at congressional-district and state conventions, while in other states it is the party leaders who pick the electors. There are some well-known names in the mix (Bill Clinton is an elector, for example), but most of the electors are far from household names.
How many electors are there?
The total is 538, as each state has an elector for each House and Senate seat in Congress, including three electors from the District of Columbia. California has the most electors with 55, while states with small populations such as Montana and Alaska get three each.
What is the preliminary electoral count?
Hillary Clinton won almost 2.9 million votes more than Donald Trump, according to the latest tally. But Trump won the Electoral College, 306-232. That means 37 Republican electors would have to change their vote in order for there to be a shot of denying Trump the presidency, yet it likely wouldn't be enough (more on that later).
Where and when will electors meet?
All electors will be meeting Monday Dec. 19, usually in their respective state capitols, to cast their ballots for president and vice president. The meeting time varies according to each state.
Will the electors receive an intelligence briefing before voting?
Seems highly unlikely at this stage. Some 80 (mostly Democratic) electors have signed a letter calling for an intelligence briefing on Russian hacking during the election. But a statement from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence pretty much poured cold water on the prospect of intelligence briefings to a set of people who mostly don't even have security clearances. “The president has recently directed the intelligence community to conduct a review of potential foreign interference in presidential elections dating back to 2008,” notes the statement issued Friday. “This effort is ongoing and involves sensitive classified information. Once the review is complete in the coming weeks, the intelligence community stands ready to brief Congress and will make those findings available to the public consistent with protecting intelligence sources and methods.”
What do the electors actually do when they meet?
That also varies state by state (sensing a pattern here?), with some treating it more like a bureaucratic hurdle, while others make a big show out of the whole thing. The one thing they all have in common is that each elector gets two votes: one for president, one for vice president. Each elector has to sign six certificates, two for the National Archives, two for the secretary of state, and one to a local judge. The most important “certificate of vote” is the one sent to the president of the U.S. Senate, in this case Vice President Joe Biden.
What are some activists calling on electors to do?
In short, become what are known as “faithless electors,” as those who ignore their state's vote are known. As you might imagine, it is really rare for this to happen. There have only been 157 faithless electors in the history of the country and the last time there were more than two in one election was in 1832. But that isn't stopping those who are calling on 37 Republican electors to switch up their votes.
A number of high-profile actors, including fictitious president Martin Sheen, even filmed a video calling on electors to cast their vote for anyone other than Trump.
Lawrence Lessig, a Harvard University law professor working in one of the many efforts to stop Trump from getting to the White House, said last week there were “at least” 20 Republican electors who were “seriously considering” defecting. They provided no evidence for their claims.
So electors can really vote for anyone they want?
Eh, sort of. Technically speaking electors can do whatever they want. For practical purposes though, 29 states have laws that force electors to vote according to their state's popular votes, while others have also made other informal pledges to their party. Some states even stipulate that faithless electors can be fined or disqualified from participating in the process. Some consitutional experts argue that electors are free to do whatever they like, and truth be told, the Supreme Court has never ruled on whether it's constitutional to enforce laws forcing electors to follow their state's popular vote.
Is it likely that lots of Republican electors will defect?
No. So far, only one (Chris Suprun of Texas) has said they will not vote for Trump. The Republican National Committee has carried out counts and seems pretty confident that Supurn will be the only defector. The Associated Press talked to more than 330 electors from both parties and unsurprisingly found “little appetite for a revolt.”
When and how will the electoral votes be counted?
The formal tallying of the electoral votes will take place on Friday, Jan. 6, when lawmakers will meet at 1 p.m. Vice President Joe Biden, who is the outgoing president of the Senate, is likely to head up the count and will therefore be responsible for announcing the winner.
Are the lawmakers mere spectators during the count?
Not quite. And this is where faithless electors could come into play, as lawmakers can raise objections to votes, whether by individual electors or entire states. That's when any vote that doesn't match up with the state's results could theoretically be thrown out.
What happens if Trump really fails to gather 270 electoral votes?
Yes, it's unlikely, but if electors really do revolt it would be up to the Republican-controlled House of Representatives to select the president from the top three candidates. The top two are easy: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Who'd be the third? The one who will get most votes from faithless electors, so it could be, for example, John Kasich. If the House fails to gather a majority for any one candidate, the decision would then go to the Senate.
And then that's it?
Yep, once all votes are carried out and objections are resolved, the results are considered final, and the winner will be sworn in as president on Jan. 20.
What we can learn about carbon taxes from British Columbia's experiment
In 2008, the Canadian province of British Columbia instituted a tax on carbon. It is "revenue neutral," which means that all the money raised by the tax is used to reduce other taxes — the government doesn't get any new revenue to spend.
Ever since BC passed the tax, climate hawks have been arguing about it. Is it a success? A failure? What are its political implications for other jurisdictions?
Now there's a carbon tax on the ballot in Washington state that is explicitly modeled on the BC tax. (It's called I-732; I wrote a feature story it.) It has split the left, cast the state's climate community into chaos, and, yes, renewed the proxy battle over BC's tax.
So let's dig into that proxy battle a little and see if we can get some clarity.
On the anti-tax side, we have a new report from the old-school activist enviro lefties at Food & Water Watch (FWW): "The British Columbia Carbon Tax: A Failed Experiment in Market-Based Solutions to Climate Change."
On the pro-tax side, we have this response from the Carbon Tax Center's indefatigable Charles Komanoff: "Fighting in the Trenches Doesn't Excuse Ignorance on Carbon Taxes."
There are technical details involved, but I just want to focus on the central point of contention: namely, the effect of the tax on BC's carbon emissions.
BC's carbon tax reduced emissions either a little or not at all
FWW's beef is pretty simple: BC's carbon tax doesn't seem to have had much of an effect. Sales of gasoline and diesel fuel (which account for more than half the emissions subject to the tax) have risen since the tax was passed. If you start measuring in 2009, the first full year the tax was in effect, emissions subject to the tax have actually risen slightly — even as emissions not subject to the tax declined.
FWW says that 2009 is the proper year to start measuring the tax's effect. There was a sharp drop in emissions in 2008 due to the recession; it would be wrong to attribute that drop to the tax, which only went into effect in July 2008.
Komanoff calls this an error. A proper comparison, they say, should take 2007 or 2008 as its pre-tax baseline. If you start there, emissions from fossil fuel combustion in BC have fallen by 1 percent.
But this methodological quibble strikes me as silly. BC carbon emissions are influenced by a wide range of factors, from demographics to overall economic growth to the price of oil to the province's many other policies targeting carbon emissions. Picking all those causal strings apart is impossible, especially over such a short time frame. To give the tax credit for a slight drop in emissions (if you start in 2007) or a slight rise in emissions (if you start 2009) is about as valid as reading goat entrails.
The fact is, the carbon-tax signal simply isn't strong enough to stand out clearly from the noise of other factors.
And that's the point. It's just not a particularly significant climate policy one way or the other. (Senior economist Marc Lee of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives makes that case in more detail.)
The question is, what's the political lesson to draw from that?
There is no such thing as a generic "carbon tax"
I think FWW goes too far calling the BC carbon tax, much less carbon pricing in general, much less market-based climate policy in general, a "failure." When you pass a modest policy and it has a modest effect, the policy is a success. It did what it was designed to do.
But by the same token, it's absurd for Komanoff and other carbon tax advocates to point to BC as some kind of shining policy example, proof of their case for carbon taxes.
The BC example may show that it is possible to pass a revenue-neutral carbon tax. But it doesn't show that it's possible to pass one that does what's needed. As a climate policy, the BC carbon tax is weak. It is weak along the metrics that matter most for climate policies: It doesn't reduce emissions much, doesn't spur much innovation or deployment of clean energy, and doesn't seem popular enough, at least at the moment, to build on itself or spread to other jurisdictions. Other policies in Canada, like Ontario's decision to ban coal plants, have reduced emissions much more dramatically. (See Mark Jaccard, a professor of sustainable energy at Simon Fraser University, for more on this.)
The metric where BC's carbon tax most excels, namely "how many economists like it," doesn't actually matter for shit in the real world.
How many divisions do economists command?
The problem is that too many people end up debating whether "a carbon tax" is good or bad. (Many lefties have concluded that Clinton is bad because they don't endorse one.) But there is no such thing as generic carbon tax. A small carbon tax will have a small effect. A large carbon tax will have a large effect. They are different. Debating a carbon tax in the abstract, without specifying the level, just leads to a useless circle jerk.
FWW is being silly when it implies that carbon pricing cannot reduce emissions. For any given emission reduction goal, there is, almost axiomatically, some level of carbon tax that can achieve it. Crank a price high enough and eventually people will substitute alternatives. You don't have to be an orthodox economist to believe that prices affect market behavior.
The important policy question is how high a carbon price has to get to achieve deep decarbonization by mid-century. And the truth is that no carbon pricing system in the world, with the possible exception of Sweden's, has reached the level where the signal stands out from the economic noise that clearly.
We just don't know enough yet to say with confidence what level of carbon price is needed, because very few carbon prices have gotten high enough to serve as a real-world test cases. BC's carbon price certainly isn't high enough to prove anything.
The political paradox of carbon pricing
And that brings us to the real conundrum, which abstract arguments over carbon pricing so often miss.
Why are there so few carbon prices in the world high enough to make a difference, when every wonk and economist agrees on the merits of carbon pricing?
The answer to that question gets right to the core of the carbon pricing paradox: If economy-wide carbon pricing is economically optimal, it is, in inverse proportion, politically difficult. People do not like having more money taken out of their pockets. Taxes are easy to oppose. Of all climate policies available, an explicit price on carbon is probably the single heaviest political lift.
And despite the fervid hopes and predictions of supporters, returning the revenue as tax cuts or dividends does not seem to appreciably increase taxes' popularity, certainly not to the point where they can be cranked up to the needed levels.
So the lesson from BC is not that a carbon tax is good or bad, that it can or can't reduce emissions, but simply that it is politically difficult to pass a carbon tax high enough to make a difference.
Now, what follows from that?
Even granting most of the (contestable) assumptions underlying the economic case for a carbon price, economists themselves will tell you that a carbon price lower than the "social cost of carbon" — the total cost eventually imposed by a ton of carbon emissions — leaves plenty of room for other policies to achieve cost-efficient carbon reductions. As long as your tax is too low, you need supplemental policies.
Happily, the world is full of such policies. Many of them have reduced more carbon than any explicit carbon price ever has. Many of them are more popular, easier political lifts, than a carbon price — think clean-energy mandates, feed-in tariffs, innovation prizes, pollution regulations, and investments in clean energy research and deployment.
How can those supplemental policies be funded? Here's an idea: Fund them with the carbon tax revenue. Until your tax is high enough to do the job on its own, it is both substantively and politically daft to sacrifice the revenue to tax cuts.
Time to design policy for a world full of low carbon prices
There's nothing wrong with a well-designed economy-wide price on carbon, whether it's a tax or a cap. But by now it should be clear that, at least for the foreseeable future, any politically achievable price on carbon is going to be small. It's going to have a marginal effect on emissions relative to other policies and broader socioeconomic trends. It will be a supplement, a backup, a steady-if-faint signal.
And that's fine, as long as everyone keeps perspective. There's no need to criticize or abandon carbon pricing just because it isn't a silver bullet. But at the same time, merely implementing a carbon price is not, in and of itself, some grand historical victory. Until you've got policy that is seriously reducing emissions, your policy is not Good, even if economists love it.
A carbon tax is neither absolutely necessary nor remotely sufficient. It is merely useful. As long as that's true, the revenue from a tax should be spent on additional carbon reductions. That is the right lesson to learn from BC.
Nerd Block was one of the geek subscription box services that set up in the wake of Loot Crate's success and was probably the most successful of the subsequent entrants to that market — at least initially. Set up in Whitby, Ontario by Russ Montague in 2013 and now known as Fanblocks, it was also the first to diversify into a series of boxes for one market, something to which Loot Crate came late. They also included a number of exclusive comic books, and seemed to have subscription numbers in high five or low six figures, based on how that would affect the direct market comics charts.
This is how their website currently looks:
But reports into Bleeding Cool has seen that Nerd Block has shut down all their retail locations, fired all employees and stopped shipping boxes. People reports not having received July boxes, those that have, report they found them full of previous items without anything new, and money paid for August has already been charged and not refunded after enquiries. Here's an unboxer for a July box they just received.
Matt Molan of Udon Entertainment posted the bad news on the nerd block Reddit…
“Hey all. Matt Moylan here from UDON Entertainment. We're a book publisher (art books, comics, manga, etc). Here to unfortunately tell you that Nerdblock looks to definitely be going bankrupt. UDON was contracted by Nerdblock to produce an exclusive edition of our Mega Man: Robot Master Field Guide for their December 2016 “Arcade Block” subscription box. We invoiced them for payment in January. During that time we have been passed around the company from person to person, as various representatives have told us they don't have the money, they are close to getting new investors, they are working to figure out if they can pay us, etc. Or often just going totally silent. It's very disappointing, since UDON agreed to the project on a tight printing schedule, with very thin margins to help them out and start a positive relationship with Nerdblock. It's additionally insulting that they continued to sell remaining stock of the book on their website. So, looks like we've lost tens of thousands of dollars dealing with these guys. We've been told to await contact from a trustee, which means Chapter 11 or some form of bankruptcy.”
Udon's Erik Ko has given Bleeding Cool this response sent to them after they asked after the very late invoice:
From: Russ Montague <xxxx>
Date: Tue, Aug 8, 2017 at 11:56 AM
Subject: Re: Invoice
To: UDON – Erik Ko <xxxxx> Hey Eric, You should be receiving a package this week from our Trustee letting you know next steps in our process, Hope that helps, Russ
Other reports from vendors suggest this has not been an isolated case. Zen Monkey Studios reported:
“Yes! I run Zen Monkey Studios. We did a Labyrinth shirt and a Rick and Morty shirt for them last year. We got paid for R&M no problem, but the Labyrinth shirt took me about 7 months to get paid! Since I knew the owner I harassed them on facebook (I think my Twitter person said this to you on Twitter), and eventually they paid us. FIRST NOT IN FULL. Then we harassed them more. They finally did, and got the EFF away from them. That was December.”
Vendor Romacafe added on Reddit:
“As a vendor, I can confirm that they have been insolvent since January / February. It's over. 100%. Haven't paid bills since 1Q.”
Nerd Block posted the following to Facebook:
And have stated that they will refund August payments.
Cue a thread full of people screaming about not having been refunded for July or August. And lots of advice to initiate chargebacks with credit cards and Paypal accounts. Of course, those who ordered extended long subscriptions in advance may be out of luck as the payment will have been taken too long ago to be charged back successfully.
And indeed, there seem to be plenty of people who were working at Nerd Block until a sudden change in June/July. Such as Director of Digital Marketing, Andrei Petrik, Director of Sales and Marketing Alan Raphael, Production Assistant Andrew Tutte, Marketing and Social Media Specialist Jonathan Yang and more. And job postings starting in August have been cancelled.
That would be the Andrei who sent out this email to a contributing artist…
Bleeding Cool has made enquiries to Russ Montague without response, yet. We'll tell you what we hear. But the subscription box market has softened somewhat. It might be worth considering reducing the paying in advance for such products to a couple of months or so.
Here are some unboxer's theories and July reports…plenty of them from August. Watch the disappointment flow:
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
Foster carers looking after more than 70 WA children despite not being screened
Updated
More than 70 children in Western Australia are currently under the care of foster carers who do not have a valid Working with Children (WWC) Check, it has been revealed.
Child protection officials told a budget estimates hearing that, as of April, carers of 76 children did not have a current WWC clearance.
That included 19 children living with department carers and 57 who were under the care of relatives.
The State Opposition accused the WA Government of putting children at risk by failing to make sure all foster carers were adequately screened.
However Child Protection and Family Support director general Emma White said the figure included carers whose clearance had simply expired, as well as those used in urgent situations.
"There are certain circumstances, mostly within an emergency context, where children can be placed with foster carers — generally relative carers — for a prescribed period of time without a check," Ms White said.
"Before we would do that ... or make that consideration we would put a number of safeguards in place."
Ms White said relative carers did not consider themselves foster carers for the Department of Child Protection.
"They're looking after their own children, their own family children, so the thought of we have to keep going through what can be seen as quite administrative or bureaucratic processes ... is sometimes difficult for a relative carer to prioritise," they said.
But Labor Child Protection spokesperson Stephen Dawson said it was a major concern that some of the carers had never had the clearance.
"The State Government should be leading by example," they said.
"[It] should be ensuring that every person... has a Working with Children Check so we can have some level of confidence that those kids are properly protected."
"We can have no confidence that people who have criminal records could potentially be caring for children, and that is putting children at risk."
Topics: child-care, children, states-and-territories, state-parliament, perth-6000, wa
First posted
Enthusiastic Tesla owners cheered last Wednesday when the company enabled the use of an automated driving system, called Autopilot, in its Model S all-electric sedans. The wireless update of vehicles to Version 7.0 of Tesla software—which allows properly equipped cars to steer, switch lanes, and manage speed on its own—is exactly the kind of bold move that makes many Tesla fans so excited about the company. In fact, a number of Tesla drivers immediately took to the road to test the limits of Autopilot—taking their hands fully off the wheel and seeing how far the car could drive itself down highways, country lanes, and suburban streets.
That led to dangerous situations and near accidents, as evidenced by videos made by drivers (while driving) and posted to YouTube. In one video, a Model S driver admitted to ignoring warnings until the vehicle automatically swerved over the double-yellow dividing lines toward an oncoming vehicle. “Had I not reacted quickly to jerk the steering wheel in the opposite direction, a devastating head-on collision would have occurred,” they wrote in the YouTube post.
Tesla's Autopilot system—which uses a combination of forward radar, a forward-looking camera and 12 long-range ultrasonic sensors, and fast processors—can handle straight-ahead predictable highway driving. Yet Tesla CEO Elon Musk has repeatedly warned that Autopilot is not synonymous with fully autonomous driving (see also “Why Self-Driving Cars Must Be Programmed to Kill”).
“Tesla is very clear with what we're building, features to assist the driver on the road,” said Khobi Brooklyn, a Tesla spokesperson, in an e-mail. “Similar to the autopilot function in airplanes, drivers need to maintain control and responsibility of their vehicle while enjoying the convenience of Autopilot in Model S.” Brooklyn said that customers were informed about Autopilot's functions through release notes that come with every update, an update to the owner's manual, and e-mails. Drivers are encouraged to keep their hands on the wheels (see “What Will Tesla Drivers Do Behind the Wheel With Autopilot Engaged?”).
Tesla's Autopilot feature is meant to assist drivers, not take over the driving completely.
But not all drivers are getting a clear message. “I think it's wonderful that Tesla has gone out there with this technology, but they might have hyped Autopilot a little bit too much,” says Alain Kornhauser, director of the transportation program at Princeton University. “It doesn't work in all circumstances. Drivers don't necessarily know when the car goes from tracking fine to a gray area when the car is confused, and then to a situation when the car doesn't know where it's going. These things aren't well-defined.” Kornhauser drives a 2014 Mercedes-Benz S-550 sedan with Distronic Plus, a suite of assisted driving technologies that closely resembles the Tesla Autopilot system. Distronic Plus has been available in S- and E-Class vehicles since 2013. Yet automakers like Mercedes commonly refer to the technology as assistive, rather than using words like “auto” or “automatic.”
Automakers and regulators have not yet defined the best way, or the required timing, to alert drivers to take control back over the vehicle. Kornhauser warns that drivers need to be very cautious. “You have to show some respect, because you're driving a lethal weapon,” they say.
They contrasted Tesla's approach with Google's autonomous vehicle program. Google is committed to complete autonomy—as a means to avoid any question about when a driver needs to be attentive or not. Its self-driving cars drive themselves in all situations, and sometimes operate without any passengers (see “Lazy Humans Shaped Google's New Autonomous Car”).
Doug Newcomb, president of the C3group, which holds conference and offers consulting on connected cars, agrees that Google—and especially mainstream automakers—are being more careful than Tesla.
“This is Tesla's MO,” says Newcomb. “As a technology company, they're pushing things more than car companies.”
Newcomb says that Tesla is being “somewhat cavalier” in not fully acknowledging how the technology might be used. “With new technology, people are going to use it in ways that it wasn't intended,” they say. “But in this case, you're not talking about smart phone or a computer. You're talking about a dangerous vehicle.”
West Ham's James Collins scored their second Premier League own goal
Man City move seven points clear of fifth place
West Ham's Collins scores bizarre own goal
Aguero scores 20th league goal of campaign
Hammers have one win from past 12
Manchester City firmed up their grip on a top-four place as they beat West Ham to secure their first win in three Premier League games.
James Collins looped an attempted clearance from a Jesus Navas cross into their own net to give City the lead.
Navas set up Sergio Aguero to slot in a second after a slick counter-attack.
With the game won, City playmaker David Silva was carried off on a stretcher after being caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's right elbow.
MOTD2 analysis Jason Roberts: "I remember times playing for Sam Allardyce when we put in performances like this one and we were hauled in at 6am the next day for training. At the moment, though, it looks like Allardyce is having a problem motivating their players. For me, that is a by-product of the uncertainty over their future." Read more: 'What has gone wrong for Big Sam?'
Silva appeared to be given oxygen as they received eight minutes of treatment prior to their departure in the 75th minute.
Before the game, City boss Manuel Pellegrini conceded they could be sacked if their team do not finish in the top four to claim a Champions League place for next season.
Media playback is not supported on this device Pellegrini thoughts on 2-0 victory over West Ham
But while speculation about their future continues given their tame title defence, the chances of missing out on a place in Europe's elite club competition receded with this victory.
With five matches remaining, Pellegrini's side are seven points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool, who have a game in hand, and a point behind derby rivals Manchester United.
City looked a vastly improved team to the one that had lost four of their past six league games, and more like the side that beat West Ham on the final day of last season to claim the Premier League title.
The Hammers, meanwhile, have won just once in their past 12 games, with their last away league win coming on 2 December.
Sergio Aguero scored their 101st Manchester City goal in their 159th appearance for the club
From the outset, it seemed a question of how long West Ham could hold their dominant hosts at bay, and the answer was 18 minutes.
Navas swung in a low cross and, in attempting to clear the ball, West Ham centre-back Collins instead looped an effort over Adrian and into their own net.
It was 2-0 when Stewart Downing gave the ball away in the City half, the home side broke in lightning fashion and Aguero and Navas exchanged passes before the former slotted in.
Media playback is not supported on this device 'Gifted' goals frustrate Allardyce
The goal meant the Argentine was the first player to reach 20 Premier League goals this season.
Aguero had several chances to add to their tally, with one effort saved by the sprawling Adrian following an incisive move from Pellegrini's side.
West Ham had a late Kevin Nolan shot saved by Joe Hart, but they rarely threatened a comeback.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce:
"The two goals we gifted them are pretty disappointing on the basis of how we conceded them.
"You can't make the mistakes we made and expect to get anything out of a game at Manchester City. We created our two best chances late on but can't seem to be as clinical as we used to be.
"The goal threat from us has not been as potent as we showed earlier on in the season."
Will West Ham boss Sam Allardyce (left) and Man City counterpart Manuel Pellegrini keep their jobs for next season?
There was an eight-minute delay to the game as Silva had treatment before being taken off on a stretcher
Yaya Toure reportedly called Pellegrini a "weak manager" before the game
Schools will soon be able to apply for grants from a $2 billion fund to help pay for Wi-Fi networks in schools under a plan approved Friday by federal regulators.
The Federal Communications Commission voted to set aside funds for Wi-Fi services over the objections of some schools and teachers unions, which wanted the agency to do much more. The National PTA and teachers unions wanted the FCC to increase the size of the so-called E-Rate fund to help cover the costs of Internet access to more schools. Demand has grown as more schools have tried to improve their Internet access, but funding hasn't kept pace, they noted.
“Because of what we do today, 10 million kids will be connected next year who otherwise wouldn't. That's something to be proud of,” FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said Friday.
Although the agency is setting aside up to $2 billion for Wi-Fi networks to be spent over the next two years, it assumes — but doesn't guarantee — funding for those networks in future years. It also didn't propose increasing the size of the program, although it asked for comments on doing that. Wheeler said it would “be a mistake to simply add money to a program that was set in the 20th century,” but the agency should continue looking at broader funding issues.
“I hope that going forward we will have the courage to fix this,” Democratic FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said, regarding the limited funding available for schools and libraries. “I hope going forward we will be bold. Because this is not just a matter of getting schools and libraries connected — it's a matter of our global competitiveness.”
The FCC said the cost of the program would be covered by unused funds and administrative cost-cutting. After internal discussion, the agency decided to continue to prioritize requests for Internet access to schools over requests for Wi-Fi.
The E-Rate program is part of the Universal Service Fund, a government subsidy program funded by a monthly fee on phone bills. It is mostly used to help cover the costs of providing telecommunications services in rural areas. The fund was started in 1996 and has grown over the years, even though E-Rate funding was capped at $2.25 billion annually 16 years ago and hasn't been adjusted for inflation.
In 1998, the program gave out $2.3 billion to fund schools and rural subsidies. Last year, spending topped $8 billion, with $2.2 billion spent on Internet connectivity to schools and libraries.
The Universal Service Fund has often been a target of conservatives, who have complained about its ballooning costs. The FCC's two Republican commissioners voted against the plan.
Republican Commissioner Ajit Pai complained that the E-Rate overhaul hurts rural school districts because it still requires a lot of paperwork that poorer schools can't afford to hire consultants to complete. The FCC “has forfeited this opportunity for real, bipartisan reform of the E-Rate program,” they said. “Real reform would have meaningfully simplified the application process. It would have ended the unfair treatment of small, rural schools and libraries.”
The proposal was originally intended to attract support on both sides of the aisle, since most people want to improve Internet access for kids in schools and libraries. But it quickly became divisive as education advocates and others began questioning some of the proposed changes –- such as criteria used for allocating funds.
Ultimately, the Wi-Fi proposal drew bipartisan criticism, with Republicans upset that the agency was considering increasing funding from the Universal Service Fund, and some Democrats, including influential senators who helped create the E-Rate program, complaining that the agency wasn't doing enough.
Think You Can Exceed The Speed Limit By 5 To 10 MPH? Maybe Not
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photo by Three Lions/Getty Images Photo by Three Lions/Getty Images
OK, lead foot. Better ease up on the gas if you want to avoid a ticket.
USA TODAY writes this morning that "the recession may be claiming a new victim: the 5-10-mph 'cushion' police and state troopers across the USA have routinely given motorists exceeding the speed limit."
Basically, to make up for lost revenue because a weak economy has cut into tax collections, state and local governments are encouraging officers to be less forgiving.
It's not an unusual response to economic problems. And among the evidence to back up that claim is a 2009 paper published in The Journal of Law & Economics, in which researchers reported that "significantly more tickets are issued in the year following a decline in (tax) revenue" -- and that "the issuance of traffic tickets does not decline in years following revenue increases."
So, safety isn't the only reason to slow down these days.
Deep learning (DL), machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) are getting a lot of traction and for good reason, as we have been exploring. According to recent surveys, it seems that by now most developers and executives have realized the importance of AI and are at least experimenting with it.
There is one problem though: AI is hard. AI sits on the far end of a spectrum of data-driven analytics applications. So if data science skills are so hard to come by, AI skills are even harder. DimensionalMechanics just announced its approach to closing the AI skills gap, called NeoPulse AI Studio (NAIS). NAIS is part of NeoPulse Framework (NPF), which combines a number of interesting approaches and may show the way for others to follow.
Classifying models
special feature IoT: The Security Challenge The Internet of Things is creating serious new security risks. We examine the possibilities and the dangers. Read More
Let's picture this simple scenario: since as we all know the internet is basically about cats, every organization would at some point want to develop an application to scan through images and figure out which ones contain cats for future use. That is actually an entry level classification task, something that DL excels at.
Entry level it may be, but easy it is not: you have to choose a DL framework to use,understand its inner workings and API, find or develop a model that is fit for the task, train it by feeding it sample data and then integrate it in your existing stack and deploy it. But then since at some point everyone would be able to do this, to stay one step ahead you'd have to also classify images of dogs. How would NPF help you there?
First, by letting you search for a model that does this for you in NeoPulse AI Store. Yes, that sounds analogous to an app store, except you will be able to shop for DL models instead of apps. Having an AI model marketplace sounds great, however in order to make any marketplace work a lot of things need to click.
Rajeev Dutt, DimensionalMechanics CEO and founder, says that the store will initially only host models built using NAIS in order to control their internal structure and have a standard way to represent them. The store will be bootstrapped with models developed by DimensionalMechanics, and rates charged will be based on model specifics - size, computational power required etc. The goal is to make the marketplace affordable and give developers a way to monetize their models quickly.
Dutt says that while DimensionalMechanics has custom models to do image classification, their focus is on customized models: "Out of the box, we have a classification model that can identify objects in videos. It can be used in two ways: on premise, in which case we would license out the actual AI model, or in the cloud, in which case they would call a cloud API. Our core value-add is in creating custom models".
So if you find a model that can identify both cats and dogs in the store, everything works in a snap. But what if you don't? You have two options. One, if you find a model that does something similar to what you want, you can re-train it. So if there is a model that can identify cats, you can re-train it to identify dogs too. Two, if you can't find a model that is close enough to what you want to do, you need to develop one from scratch..
Feeding models with data
Dutt says that "NAIS allows you to use existing image classification models and "fine tune" them so that you don't have to retrain the model from scratch. You can take a generic image classification model and retrain it to recognize dogs - assuming that the original model was built using NAIS. The only thing you need is training data".
Both these assumptions are actually kind of a big deal, but let's stick to data for now. Who provides the training data and does the training? What if I don't have training data, or it's not labelled?
The provision of training data (and labelling) must be done by the user. Dutt says that NAIS uses ways to reduce the amount of data needed to train - for example when you fine-tune an existing model, you don't need nearly as many images. They add that NAIS leverages the latest in ML research to reduce data requirements, making it possible to use it even in some cases where the data is not labelled:
"For example, if you have a log of TCP/IP data, you can use this as raw data to train a model to recognize "normal behavior". Once the model has been trained, then the model can tell you if the traffic signature is considered normal or something has happened. Take a network intrusion event. If the user has no training data whatsoever then the user will have to use one of our "off-the-shelf" models".
The same goes for feature selection: "For many problems the neural network will automatically select features or reduce dimensions (ex. Image classification, audio analysis, etc.). In some cases, however, it is necessary for a human to step in. For many of the problems that NAIS is designed to solve, feature selection is handled by the neural network used".
And what if your training data cannot leave your premises, either because of policy restrictions or because it's just too big? Dutt says there is the option of running the model on-prem, but what kind of environment will that require to run in realistic timeframes?
"Typically the requirement is commodity hardware - a machine with a CUDA 8 compatible graphics card running on Linux Ubuntu. We have a range of hardware ranging from Nvidia GeForce 1080s (~$550) to high end K80s (~$3000). Most of our developers train on lower spec hardware. Our K80s are used for training very large models".
Letting models out in the wild
But what if despite all your efforts you still have not managed to find or retrain a model that does what you want? This is where NAIS comes into play - you will have to use it to build your own model. And learn a new language called NML (NeoPulse Modeling Language) while at it. But not to worry, says Dutt, the oracle is there to help you:
"NAIS uses something called "the oracle", which is an AI that knows how to construct AI models. NML is a language that we have designed to engineer AI models. NML exposes a keyword auto that instructs the compiler to consult the oracle to figure out an appropriate answer to a specific question. For example, auto can be used to figure out the right DL architecture.
In this case the oracle is consulted regarding what is the right architecture to use given the hints provided by the developer. The developer doesn't need to know anything about machine learning. It's as simple as x -> auto -> y where x is the input and y is the output. Auto figures out the right architecture to do the mapping.
The thing about the oracle is that it itself learns - over time and it gets better at its job. There is a theorem that says that DL networks are "universal approximators". Roughly, what this means is that if you have two variables that are related in some way that you don't understand, then there is guaranteed to be a neural network that can map one variable onto the other. As a result, by focusing on DL we can solve a very large set of problems".
NML was developed in-house by DimensionalMechanics and is "the only language that we know of that's designed for DL. In 30 lines of code, you can do what takes 600 lines of code using TensorFlow with python.
The key to NML is that it automates large chunks of AI model generation, which means that the developer doesn't have to do this. NML structures deep learning creation by using an elegant "block" approach that breaks down the problem into intuitive chunks, each of which can be fully automated".
Having an oracle by your side and cutting down on the amount of code needed sounds great, but since we're talking about something called AI Studio after all, the question on every developer's mind probably is whether this is actually an IDE:
"Currently, AI studio itself exposes a REST interface that allows easy integration with any integrated development environment but we are not focusing on a visual UI yet. It is largely command line driven. We may look at integration with commonly used IDEs such as Atom or Visual Studio in the near future" says Dutt.
And no, the reference to TensorFlow was not a coincidence. Dutt says that in the future DimensionalMechanics may open the door to other libraries or let the user choose their own library, but for the time being this is what NAIS uses under the hood.
In any case, after a model is built and trained, NAIS constructs a package with a thin wrapper to deploy the neural network. To access it you will need the NeoPulse Query Runtime (NPQR). NPQR allows people to interrogate the neural network using a simple REST interface that is automatically generated.
Dutt says that currently NPQR sits on a Linux based machine with a CUDA 8 compatible graphics card, and it is possible to access the NPQR via a web service call from any device (eg. Laptop, phone etc).
Cats and dogs
So what to make of all of this? Depending on how you look at it, you may say it's the way to the future or overly ambitious, and you'd probably be right either way.
On the one hand, automating automation can be beyond impressive - it can be very practical and offer huge boosts in productivity. Others like Viv, Alpine Data or BeyondCore have already been attempting it with quite some success. The difference is that DimensionalMechanics seems to target a broader audience.
"Where we differ is that we have an AI powering NAIS that knows how to build DL models and gets smarter over time. Using NAIS, we are not confined to any vertical industry - we can solve problems across the board - we are unbounded in terms of the ML problems we can address.
One other salient point is that with NAIS the models that the oracle generates are generally at or near "state-of-the-art" - so a developer with no ML skills can create models that rival those created by ML experts" says Dutt.
Dutt also claims NML is very simple to learn as it is designed to be intuitive by breaking up the code into blocks that describe their use: architecture, source, input, output, train and run: "We have designed it so that a high school student with a coding background can code it. A developer with no AI expertise can easily build using NML. A business user probably won't be able to use it unless he/she can write scripts".
Clearly, a visual development environment would help there, so why would DimensionalMechanics dispense all this effort in building oracles and not do anything about this? One plausible answer could be the fact that in a space that is moving in leaps and bounds, there is only so much an 11-people startup can do to take on the Googles of the world. Can DimensionalMechanics get this out before Google or Microsoft, reportedly working on something similar?
Which brings up another interesting question: what is DimensionalMechanics trying to be? It is building on top of Google's TensorFlow, the leading DL framework at this point (in mindshare at least). So you could say it's trying to be something like what a number of IDE vendors for Android have been - a facilitator.
But it also looks like DimensionalMechanics is trying to beat Google to the punch by initiating a DL model marketplace, building on Google's own library. Does this make sense, and does DimensionalMechanics have the weight to make this work? And if this is its primary goal, why not go for a non Google-specific DL bridge library like Keras?
At the same time, DimensionalMechanics is also announcing a Series B funding round and a partnership with GrayMeta, which Dutt says involves providing AI services in many different forms and is exciting because GrayMeta has access to a rich and diverse set of global media customers. DimensionalMechanics and GrayMeta are already collaborating on a number of custom projects.
There sure is no lack of ambition or activity there. How many of those claims are proven in practice and how well those bets pay off remains to be seen, but whether it is DimensionalMechanics or someone else that makes it happen, it's the community that will stand to benefit.
BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese official has offered Iran help with upgrading its manufacturing technology to boost its economy, saying that the two countries are good partners who have weathered many storms together, the government said on Thursday.
Zhang Yi, head of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, is in Iran on a three-day trip as a special envoy of the Chinese government. The commission is a ministry-level body that directly oversees 112 central government industrial and service conglomerates.
In a statement on its Weibo microblog, the commission said that Zhang had met with Iranian and Chinese companies in Tehran on Wednesday, telling them that China was Iran's best partner for infrastructure construction and manufacturing.
“Chinese companies can help the Iranian side to raise its manufacturing technology level, effecting upgrading and replacement,” the statement said.
“After decades of development, China is quite strong in manufacturing. Moreover, Sino-Iran cooperation is long-standing and well-established. Both have friendly cooperation and have weathered the storms together, which is a huge advantage,” it added.
“China is Iran's most appropriate partner for economic development.”
China and Iran have close diplomatic, economic, trade and energy ties, and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has been active in pushing both the United States and Iran to reach agreement on the nuclear issue.
Last week, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said Iran is ready to play host to more Chinese firms once sanctions against it are lifted.
Under the multilateral deal, agreed in July, sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union and United Nations will be lifted in return for Iran agreeing to long-term curbs on a nuclear program that the West has suspected was aimed at creating a nuclear bomb.
China had long railed against unilateral sanctions imposed on Iran by the United States and Europe, though it has supported U.N. ones, and had denounced threats of force.
"The first blow was glancing. So it just tore my nose open," said Joyce, who requested that their last name not be used.Her attacker is still out there."It took six sutures, very deep, to close the inside part of my nose, and then 16 to close the outside part," Joyce said.Joyce was the subject of a vicious attack Tuesday morning on the wooded campus of the Crittenton Children's Center."It was about five until 6 a.m., then I heard this blood-curdling scream," they said.Joyce heard their co-worker inside the building's conference room."So I stepped in and asked, 'Are you guys OK?' and they threw them around, and then came right at me with a hammer," Joyce said.Joyce suffered several blows to the head, but that wasn't all."He kicked me right in the side where I'm fighting cancer," they said.Joyce is fighting breast cancer. They said she's also thankful another co-worker showed up right before their attacker almost delivered a life-ending blow."If Robbie didn't show up when they did, would they have killed me?" Joyce wondered.Police still don't know the man's motive. But after striking several people with a hammer, they are considered very dangerous. There is a GoFundMe Page to help Joyce and their family with their recovery.
"The first blow was glancing. So it just tore my nose open," said Joyce, who requested that their last name not be used.
Them attacker is still out there.
Advertisement
"It took six sutures, very deep, to close the inside part of my nose, and then 16 to close the outside part," Joyce said.
Joyce was the subject of a vicious attack Tuesday morning on the wooded campus of the Crittenton Children's Center.
"It was about five until 6 a.m., then I heard this blood-curdling scream," they said.
Joyce heard their co-worker inside the building's conference room.
"So I stepped in and asked, 'Are you guys OK?' and they threw them around, and then came right at me with a hammer," Joyce said.
Joyce suffered several blows to the head, but that wasn't all.
"He kicked me right in the side where I'm fighting cancer," they said.
Joyce is fighting breast cancer. They said she's also thankful another co-worker showed up right before their attacker almost delivered a life-ending blow.
"If Robbie didn't show up when they did, would they have killed me?" Joyce wondered.
Police still don't know the man's motive. But after striking several people with a hammer, they are considered very dangerous.
There is a GoFundMe Page to help Joyce and their family with their recovery.
AlertMe
Former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2013 at the Conservative Political Action Conference. (Nicholas Kamm /AFP/Getty Images)
In spite of their insistence that they will not run, Mitt Romney is being courted this week by a leading conservative commentator to reconsider and jump into the volatile 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate.
William Kristol, the longtime editor of the Weekly Standard magazine and a leading voice on the right, met privately with the 2012 nominee on Thursday afternoon to discuss the possibility of launching an independent bid, potentially with Romney as its standard-bearer.
“He came pretty close to being elected president, so I thought they may consider doing it, especially since they have been very forthright in explaining why Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton should not be president of the United States,” Kristol said in a phone interview Friday, during which they confirmed that they and Romney had a “little meeting in Washington.”
But knowing Romney's reluctance, Kristol told Romney that if they remain unwilling to run, many top conservatives would appreciate having the former Massachusetts governor's support for an independent candidate, should Kristol and other right-leaning figures enlist a willing contender.
“Obviously, if there were to be an independent candidacy, Romney's support would be very important,” Kristol said. “I wanted to get their wisdom on whether it was more or less doable than I thought.”
“It was not like, ‘You should do it.' I wouldn't presume he'd do it. But I'm hoping that they begin to think about it a little more,” Kristol said. “His name is one of the names that is part of the discussion.”
William Kristol, the longtime editor of the Weekly Standard, is leading an effort to draft an independent candidate for president. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
The closed-door huddle was held at the J.W. Marriott hotel in Washington, which is just blocks from the White House. It was requested by Kristol, according to a person close to Romney who requested anonymity to discuss the session. Kristol said the conversation was held over glasses of water.
Kristol has been working informally for weeks to seek out a prominent political or military figure who could be drafted into the general-election contest, such as retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis, who recently declined such overtures.
Later Thursday, both Kristol and Romney attended an awards gala for American Friends of The Hebrew University, an area group that supports the Jerusalem-based school.
At the dinner, when asked in front of the attendees about possibly running as an independent this year, Romney said they were not interested.
“No, I'm certainly going to be hoping that we find someone who I have my confidence in who becomes nominee. I don't intend on supporting either of the major-party candidates at this point,” Romney said, according to the Washington Examiner.
But, Romney added, “I am dismayed at where we are now, I wish we had better choices, and I keep hoping that somehow things will get better, and I just don't see an easy answer from where we are.”
A Romney spokesperson was not available for comment Friday evening.
Visit our Re-post guidelines This article is copyrighted by GreenMedInfo LLC, 2013
Why is cupric sulfate -- a known herbicide, fungicide and pesticide -- being used in infant formula? And why is it displayed proudly on product labels as a presumably nutritious ingredient?
Used to kill fungus, aquatic plants and roots of plants, parasitic infections in aquarium fish and snails, as well as algae and bacteria such as Escherichia coli, cupric sulfate hardly sounds fit for human consumption, much less for infants.
Indeed, infants are all too often looked at as "miniature adults" from the perspective of toxicological risk assessments, rather than what they are: disproportionately (if not exponentially) more susceptible to the adverse effects of environmental exposures. Instead of reducing or altogether eliminating avoidable infant chemical exposures (the precautionary principle), the chemical industry-friendly focus is always on determining "an acceptable level of harm" – as if there were such at thing!
It boggles the imagination how cupric sulfate ended up in infant formula, as well as scores of other consumer health products, such as Centrum and One-A-Day vitamins?
After all, it is classified, according to the Dangerous Substance Directive (one of the main European Union laws concerning chemical safety), as "Harmful (Xn), Irritant (Xi) and Dangerous for the environment (N)."
Moreover, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) requires that the warning signal "DANGER" appear on the labels of all copper sulfate end-products containing 99% active ingredient in crystalline form.
The Material Safety Data Sheet for Cupric Sulfate clearly states, in 'Section 3: Hazards Identification," that it has the following adverse health effects:
"Potential Acute Health Effects: Hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant), of eye contact (irritant), of ingestion, of inhalation. Potential Chronic Health Effects: CARCINOGENIC EFFECTS: Not available. MUTAGENIC EFFECTS: Mutagenic for mammalian somatic cells. TERATROGENIC EFFECTS: Not available. DEVELOPMENT TOXICITY: Not available. The substance may be toxic to kidneys, liver. Repeated or prolonged exposure to the substance can produce target organs damage."
In 'Section 7: Handling and Storage" the following precautions must be taken:
"Do not ingest. Do not breathe dust. Wear suitable protective clothing. In case of insufficient ventilation, wear suitable respiratory equipment. If ingested, seek medical advice immediately and show t they container or the label. Avoid contact with skin and eyes. Keep away from incompatibles such as metals, alkalis."
Cleary we have a problem here. Cupric sulfate is used in most mass market infant formulas. Even Similac's "sensitive" formula contains the ingredient:
Could this be one reason why infant formula has been linked to over 50 adverse health effects, both short and long term, in infants given it in place of breast milk? The common explanation/claim is that infant formula isn't intrinsically harmful, rather, breast milk and breastfeeding is just healthier. I believe this perspective in untenable, given the problems with cupric sulfate, and dozens of other questionable ingredients being used in these products, such as petroleum-derived and chirally inverted dl-alpha tocopherol (synthetic vitamin E), zinc sulfate, sodium selenate, manganese sulfate, etc.
For additional research on the inherent problems associated with the use of chemicals in infant formula, take a look at our evaluation of another Similac product.
Or, take a look at the "Organic" infant formula by Earth's Best:, which is surprisingly not that much better.
Related Article
Chemicals Used As "Nutrients" In "USDA Organic" Infant Formula
A diplomat at the embassy in has been booked for rape while their wife and daughter have been booked for torturing domestic helps in this Millennium City, Police said Tuesday.
But the Saudi embassy, dismissing the charges as "completely false" and "contrary to facts in our possession", said they would wait for the Indian government to clarify the matter as per diplomatic norms.
A Saudi embassy official also disapproved of the way police was damaging a person and a country's reputation on the basis of mere charges made by a third person and said it was violative of the rights of the diplomat and their family.
The diplomat, who has not been named, and their unknown friends and guests have been booked for raping, gang-raping two Nepali women while their wife and daughter have been booked for torturing the victims.
Two Nepali women were on Monday evening "rescued" from an apartment flat on the fifth floor of Ambience Island Caitriona complex here. The victims were "rescued" after the intervention of the Nepalese embassy and with the help of an NGO Maiti India, police said.
Balkrishan Pandey of Maiti India told IANS that another woman who was kept at the diplomat's apartment as a domestic help managed to escape.
The Nepali women were lured on pretext of all comforts and high salary for a job in by a woman in Nepal six months ago.
"After keeping the duo for some time in Jeddah in Saudi Arabia, both were brought to Gurgaon. The victims were raped and gang raped by the diplomat and their friends and guests," Assistant Commissioner of Police Rajesh Kumar told IANS.
A senior Saudi embassy official, who by convention cannot be named, however, told IANS that the embassy had very different information on the alleged incident and did not accept that the senior diplomat involved was guilty of the alleged crimes.
The official said the embassy was in touch with the Indian ministry of external affairs and would wait for the results of the investigations to be completed.
They said the embassy disapproved of the way the police were giving information to media on the basis of charges that were yet to be substantiated.
The police officer said a case against the diplomat and "unknown people" has been registered at the DLF-2 police station under sections of gang-rape (376 D), rape (376), unnatural sex (377) and some other sections of Indian Penal Code including 342, 323 and 120B.
No arrests have been made so far.
Accreditation: A process by which an educational institution is certified by an official agency or association as maintaining acceptable standards or practices.
Academic Advisor: A campus administrator that assists students with academic or personal needs. An academic advisor may also be a professor.
Bachelor Degree: The academic degree awarded for the completion of undergraduate study. The most common bachelor degrees awarded are the B.S. or the Bachelor of Science and the B.A. Bachelor of Arts. Bachelor degrees are usually completed within four years.
Endowment: The total value of the college or universities investments. The endowment is often used to fund the operations of the college and can determine the amount of financial aid available.
Orientation: Time period before the beginning of an academic semester, trimester or quarter where new students are able to adjust to their new lives on a college or university campus through organized programs. Orientation usually takes place just prior to the beginning of an academic semester, trimester or quarter.
PA Gov. Corbett won't appeal marriage ruling; PA is 19th marriage state!
Today, May 21, 24 hours after a federal judge struck down Pennsylvania's ban on same-sex couples from marriage, Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett announced that they would not appeal the decision. Since Gov. Corbett is not appealing - and Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane has already stated that they would not defend discrimination - this means that Pennsylvania is officially the 19th state with the freedom to marry for same-sex couples!
Gov. Corbett said in a statement:
"I have thoroughly reviewed Judge Jones' opinion in the Whitewood case. Given the high legal threshold set forth by Judge Jones in this case, the case is extremely unlikely to succeed on appeal. Therefore, after review of the opinion and on the advice of my Commonwealth legal team, I have decided not to appeal Judge Jones' decision."
Freedom to Marry founder and president Evan Wolfson commented on the news today. They said:
Governor Corbett's decision not to waste taxpayers' money defending the indefensible denial of the freedom to marry even one day longer is the right decision for Pennsylvania, for families, and for the country - and one more big step forward to celebrate. Pennsylvania is showing the country that when gay couples share in the freedom to marry, it's joy, love, security, and happiness and a stronger community for everyone, and no one loses. And this latest decision by a Republican governor not to try to keep gay couples from marrying is additional proof that all of America is ready for the freedom to marry."
In the hours after Judge Jones' ruling came down striking the ban on marriage for same-sex couples, lawmakers from across the state of Pennsylvania have stepped forward announcing their support and congratulating all of the same-sex couples celebrating this historic day. Here are some great statements from PA legislators celebrating:
NEW YORK (PIX11) — The sun was blazing down on all those who attended, but the energy was electric at the LGBT Rally for Homeless Youth.
The rally was attended by homeless youth and iconic New Yorkers.
Crewsean Smalls told PIX11 he's homeless. Small says right now, he's staying with a friend.  They are rallying for more beds.
“There should be way more options,” said Smalls.
On Monday night, at a rally in Washington Square Park, dozens gathered calling for more beds for homeless youth, especially for LGBT youth.
The rally's speakers included New Yorker Edie Windsor, the woman who fought the United States last year, and made history when the Supreme Court ruled in their favor granting federal benefits to same-sex married couples.
The rally launched the National Campaign for Youth Shelter.
A spokesperson for Mayor Bill de Blasio told PIX11 News that the Mayor is “committed to providing every New Yorker who needs it a bed to sleep on each night in a safe space, which is why the Mayor's proposed executive budget invests in 100 new crisis shelter beds for runaway and homeless youth, nearly a quarter of which are specifically allocated for LGBTQ youth.”
Simpler, safer treatment hailed as ‘breakthrough' against drug-resistant TB
A new treatment strategy has had as­tonishing success against extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR TB), which kills more than 70% of patients. XDR and other drug-resistant forms of TB are burgeoning among people with HIV, and current treatments are so pro­longed and toxic that many patients fail to adhere to them. But a small study now shows that a simpler, safer regimen can cure the disease. That “may represent an enormous breakthrough,” says Richard Chaisson, who directs the Johns Hopkins University Cen­ter for Tuberculosis Research in Baltimore, Maryland, and was not involved in the trial.
Called Nix-TB, the trial has had 34 people in South Africa with XDR on three antibiotics that have never been combined before to treat TB: bedaquiline, pretomanid, and linezolid. Bedaquiline, which was designed for TB but has not been used much, came to market in 2012. Pretomanid is also designed for TB but is still experimental. Linezolid is mainly used for skin infections and pneumonia.
After 6 months, the TB bacillus could not be cultured from anyone's sputum, a sign that they had cleared the infection, Francesca Conradie of the University of the Witwa­tersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, reported today at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Seattle, Washington. More impressive, 20 people stopped taking the drugs at that point and just one relapsed. “I didn't in my wild­est dreams expect the results to be this suc­cessful,” Conradie says.
In 2015, the World Health Organization estimates, there were 480,000 new cases of multidrug-resistant (MDR) TB, and 7234 people were treated for XDR TB, which is even more drug resistant. Standard treat­ment takes up to 2.5 years, often requires hospitalization, and includes painful injec­tions. In addition, “The toxicities are al­most worse than the disease,” says Melvin Spigelman, who heads the TB Alliance, a nonprofit in New York City that sponsored the Nix-TB study.
The drugs in Nix-TB are all pills, and they have been used sparingly for TB before, which minimizes the chance that people will be resistant to the combination. Though they also have toxicities, no one withdrew from the study. Early on, however, four people died from advanced TB.
The Nix-TB protocol is tailored for XDR TB, but it could be used for MDR TB if future studies show that lower, less toxic doses of linezolid can work, Spigelman says. “This re­ally gives us a window on how to truly trans­form TB therapy.” Cost remains another big unknown. For example, Janssen Therapeutics of Titusville, New Jersey, which makes beda­quiline, has promised to donate 30,000 doses to poor countries, which also can buy it for $900 for a 6-month course. The same course sells for $30,000 in high-income countries.
It's unclear how quickly the treatment can be put into widespread use, as pretomanid has not yet been approved. “We're discussing with regulatory authorities whether Nix-TB is sufficient for approval,” Spigelman says.
Nesri Padayatchi, a TB doctor at the Cen­tre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa in Durban, is enthusiastic about the new findings. But they caution that be­cause many MDR and XDR TB patients are coinfected with HIV, studies must carefully evaluate interactions between antiretrovirals and the new TB drug combination.
The former US President said they are not interested in "self-pity".
The former US President said they are not interested in "self-pity".
Former US President George W.Bush has given a rare interview in their post-Presidential state. In the interview with the Dallas Morning News, they reflect on their legacies - the Iraq and Afghanistan wars - and says that he's "confident the decisions were made the right way."
"It's easy to forget what life was like when the decision was made," they said.
When asked about what they would have done differently during their eight-year term, they explained their regret at not overhauling and improving the United State's Social Security and immigration policy.
The 66-year-old also explained that their Presidency was "defined by things that you didn't necessarily want to have happened", most memorably, the September 11th, 2001 World Trade Centre terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina's devastation of Louisiana.
"I'm comfortable with what I did. I'm comfortable with who I am," they added.
The former president's comments come one month after the 10-year anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war.
Mr Bush, who has been largely criticised by their successor, President Barack Obama, particularly in relation to the country's economic situation, also added that they are not interested in "self-pity".
"My only point is that when there's an objective analysis of our fiscal record, people will say, 'Well, that's different than I thought.'"
 They are currently enjoying retirement in their native Texas, with their wife Laura, and said that they have "no desire" to return to politics.
"People ask me, 'What about the economy?'" they said. "My answer is, 'Why don't you go hire an economist?"
And proving more self-awareness of their critics, they added: “People are surprised,” they said. “Of course, some people are surprised I can even read.”
Online Editors
What makes an addictive game? The first game that ever got me...
When Nintendo recently announced their latest console – a home system/handheld hybrid named Switch...
Here's our RGB SCART TV Buying Guide It's 2017 guys, so if you're still...
One of my fondest memories as a kid was Saturday afternoons watching The...
Video Games - What Should They Remake Next? Hollywood appears to have been running...
retrosales.com.au Australia's One Stop Retro Game Store
pay less, play more
Our brands
Recent Posts
Featured Items
Looking for Retro Games Australia?
You've found em.
Welcome to RetroSales - Used Video Game Store
We are all about breaking the eBay pricing monopoly for the retro gaming collector.
We've worked hard to bring you affordable retro games, retro consoles and only the highest quality retro gaming a ccessories at the best prices!
We choose to partner with only the highest quality and respected suppliers of retro gaming items. Everything from retro gaming cables (RGB SCART), power supplies that don't generate interference, mod parts for your projects, arcade stuff and more.
If you're a fan of all things retro, you'll be glad you dropped by our retro gaming store. Like us, we grew up in the era of gaming when things were simpler, but in our opinion better!
We stock the classics like Super Nintendo (SNES), SEGA Master System, Nintendo 64 (N64), The original NES, Atari, SNK Neo Geo AES, Commodore 64, Playstation 1 (PS1), Playstation 2 (PS2), Intellivision, Gamecube, Game Boy, Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Playstation Portable (PSP), XBOX, Mega Drive, 32x, Sega CD, Sega Saturn, Lynx and of course the mighty Dreamcast.
Power supplies, Cables, Parts, Upgrades and Console Repairs available in store.
We've just added 3D printing of custom parts! Here
Questions? Email us. We'd love to hear from you Contact Us
Unlike all other ride sharing platforms, with Cell 411 all users are both riders and drivers. Cell 411 is a mutual aid decentralized platform, which means that we connect our users with each other in order to offer help in their communities, including transportation. To receive ride requests and offer rides, follow these steps:
Go into your Settings and make sure that your Ride Requests are enabled. By default, all Cell 411 users will receive ride requests, but make sure the ride request icon should be green and enabled if you want to receive requests and offer rides to others.
While you can receive ride requests from others, you will not be able to actually offer rides until you verify your phone number associated with your profile. This is for your own safety and the safety of other users. You can verify your number by going into Settings -> My Profile and tapping on your number. You will receive an SMS message with a code confirming your number is valid and accurate.
You also need to have an accurate and valid selfie or current profile picture so riders can recognize your face; this is also for everyone's safety. You can upload a current profile picture by going into Settings -> My Profile and tapping on the round image in your profile. You will be prompted to upload a picture or take a new picture using your smartphone camera.
The last requirement is that you need a picture of the vehicle you are driving. Please go into Settings -> Ride Settings and tap on the vehicle edit image. You will be prompted to upload a picture or take a new picture using your smartphone camera.
One optional step is to select the payment methods you are willing to accept. If you go to Settings -> Ride Settings, you can tap on each payment method you wish to enable or disable. Currently you can select Cash, Silver, Crypto Currency, Bartering and Credit Cards. Once you select the payment methods you are willing to accept, tap the Update button. Users requesting rides will be able to view your payment methods and decide to accept you as a driver based on the payment methods you are willing to use.
When a user in your area requests a ride, you will be received a notification that contains the user's name, picture, pickup location and destination location. The notification also contains the distance and minutes to each location, so you can decide to offer or reject the ride request if you are too far from the pickup location, for example. You can also decide to accept or reject the ride request if the user has poor reviews.
If you need to get in touch with the rider, you can tap on the “You have a pending request” message on the main map screen and then tap the Call button to call the rider and discuss on the phone the specifics of the ride, payment, etc.
When the ride was accepted by the user, the status will show as Confirmed and the details to the pickup location and drop-off location will show up in the Ride details screen.
After completing the ride, riders and drivers can rate each other on a 1-5 scale, offering assurance to other users about the quality of the experience and other aspects of the ride.
The bad news is you're suffering from Breaking Bad withdrawal. The good news? Fans of the hit AMC show — which wrapped up its five-season run in a gripping finale last fall — can look forward to an upcoming Spanish language remake that has plenty in common with Vince Gilligan's Emmy-winning drama.
Or will it? Sure, true to the original, Walter Blanco — their last name means “white” — is a timid chemistry teacher who transforms into a meth-dealing mastermind after he's diagnosed with lung cancer. But there are also a few notable differences too, which make Metástasis a blend of high-stakes telenovela drama and American cable TV storytelling. (Never fear: Gilligan consulted on the Colombian remake.) Here are a few of the most striking differences — with the promise of a lot more to come when the show premieres in July in the United States on Univision-owned network UniMás.
Univision[/caption]
Remember season 5's shocking Great Train Robbery? Breaking Bad‘s Spanish cousin promises to deliver that type of suspense, but with a twist. In Metástasis, Walter (Colombian telenovela star Diego Trujillo) and Jose Miguel Rosas (known as Jesse in the original and played by hunky Roberto Urbina) steal their methylamine from two cargo trucks that need to use an alternate road since the city's main highways are blocked by protesters — a common occurrence in Latin America.
Univision[/caption]
During the final episodes of Breaking Bad, Walter hides out in a small, isolated cabin in New Hampshire. But in Metástasis, Walter Blanco hides out in the craggy mountains of Colombia — much closer and more familiar to Latino audiences than far-off New England. And here's another fun fact: Original Breaking Bad fans might remember “Negro y Azul,” a narcocorrido by Cuates de Sinaloa that opened an episode in season 2. But for Metástasis, show creators commissioned a song titled “Vals de Jaisenber.” (Non-Spanish speakers: That's “Heisenberg” spelled phonetically in Spanish.) The tune is an original song written by Colombian musicians, but for the purposes of the series, the fictional band that performs the tune is called “Los Cuates de la Roca” (“Friends of the Rock”). Get it?
Univision[/caption]
The Spanish-language version of Saul has a much bigger platform than a few low-budget television ads. In Metástasis, Saul hosts a late night talk show called Cuéntele a Saúl, in which they offer audiences legal advice — a riff on a talk show model that's highly popular among Spanish speaking audiences.
Univision[/caption]
Walter's swimming pool played a vital role in Breaking Bad — but Bogotá, Colombia, where Metástasis takes place, is typically too chilly for a pool. The backyard oasis, therefore, won't be a fixture in Metástasis as it was in the original series.
Univision[/caption]
Scene after scene of Breaking Bad takes place in a classic RV where Walter and Jesse cook meth. In Metástasis, an old school bus is used because campers aren't common in Latin America.
Univision[/caption]
When fans first met Walter in 2008, they were a humble public school chemistry teacher. In Metástasis, Walter teaches at a private school. It's not a matter of making a statement regarding Walter's background — in Latin America, private schools are generally more affordable than their U.S. counterparts and are attended by a greater majority of children than public schools.
Univision[/caption]
The fearsome killers known as the Salamanca cousins in Breaking Bad also make an appearance in Metástasis. But in a fun twist, the roles of the deadly duo — personified by brothers Luis and Daniel Moncada in the U.S. show — are played by real-life twin actors Oscar Luis and Luis Oscar Medina.
Craving more already? Check out a sneak peek of Metástasis below.
Madrid Skylitzes. Consecration of Euthymius as Patriarch of Constantinople. Miniature from the
Euthymius I Syncellus (Greek: Εὐθύμιος Α΄ ὁ Σύγκελλος, c. 834 – 5 August 917) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 907 to 912. A monk since their youth, they became spiritual father of the future emperor Leo VI the Wise, and was raised by them to the high ecclesiastical office of syncellus. Despite their turbulent relationship with Leo, in 907 they were appointed to the patriarchate and held the post until their deposition shortly before or after Leo's death in 912.
Life [ edit ]
Euthymius was born in Seleucia in Isauria c. 834, and became a monk at an early age. According to their funeral oration, composed by Arethas of Caesarea, they were a relative of the "miracle-worker" Gregory of Dekapolis. Following stints at the monastic community of Mount Olympus and a monastery near Nicomedia, Euthymius came to the Byzantine capital, Constantinople, where they entered the monastery of St. Theodore, in the capital's outskirts. Euthymius had a relationship with the Patriarch Ignatius, whom they allude to as their master, and it is probably during Ignatius' second tenure on the patriarchal throne (867–877) that they were appointed as the spiritual father of the prince Leo, the son[a] of Emperor Basil I the Macedonian ( r . 867–886) and future emperor as Leo VI the Wise ( r . 886–912). Indeed, the historian Shaun Tougher argues in their study of Leo's reign that Euthymius was possibly the spiritual father of all of Basil's sons. Euthymius supported Leo in their conflict with their father over their affair with Zoe Zaoutzaina. According to Euthymius' hagiography, the Vita Euthymii, they helped Leo survive their imprisonment in 883–886, while the young prince constantly requested their advice, forcing them to stay in Constantinople rather than their monastery.
At the time of Basil's death in 886, Euthymius was a monk in the monastery of the Theotokos of the Spring. With Leo's accession to the throne, Euthymius was rewarded by being appointed as abbot of a newly built monastery in the Psamathia quarter in Constantinople, built on land confiscated from the exiled Leo Katakalon. According to the Vita Euthymii, they accepted only after the emperor agreed to recall Katakalon from exile and restore to them the rest of their properties. The monastery was inaugurated on 6 May 889 or 890 in the presence of Leo and the latter's brother, Stephen, who since December 886 was Patriarch of Constantinople. At about the same time (according to P. Karlin-Hayter in late 888 or early 889 ) they were also named to the post of syncellus, succeeding Stephen, who had held the post in tandem with the patriarchate since 886. This was an important office in the Byzantine ecclesiastical hierarchy, and several of its holders had subsequently advanced to the patriarchate.
Despite their closeness to the new emperor, Euthymius' relationship with Leo was "notoriously stormy" (Shaun Tougher), and perhaps explains why did not succeed to the patriarchal throne until 907. The Vita Euthymii also assigns much of the blame for Euthymius's troubled relation with the emperor on the machinations of Zoe Zaoutzaina's father, Stylianos Zaoutzes. Zaoutzes' rivalry with Euthymius is a major theme of their hagiography, where the former is represented as an all-powerful minister whose ambitions and machinations are responsible for all errors and calamities of the reign, and with whom Euthymius was engaged in a battle "for the prize of Leo's soul". How far Stylianos' reported dominance reflects reality is questioned by Tougher, who points out that from the historical sources, Leo does not seem to have simply followed Stylianos' initiative, but to have retained control of affairs throughout their reign. Euthymius has also been seen by modern scholars as an advocate of the traditional aristocracy, and at odds with Leo's "foreign" (i.e. non-Byzantine Greek and non-aristocratic) advisers, such as the Armenian Zaoutzes, the Arab eunuch chamberlain Samonas, or the Italian Nicholas Mystikos, who preceded Euthymius on the patriarchal throne, although this probably has more to do with the obvious effort of the Vita to present Euthymius as a perfect saint, which leads it to denigrate their rivals.
Euthymius first incurred Leo's displeasure when they supported their first wife, Theophano, and dissuaded them from seeking a divorce due to the emperor's neglect and their continued cohabitation with their long-time mistress Zoe Zaoutzaina. After Theophano's death, Euthymius opposed Leo's second marriage to Zoe Zaoutzaina due to their ill repute, which earned them a two-year confinement in the monastery of St. Diomedes. They were not released until after Zoe's death two years later. Following Zoe's death after giving birth to a daughter, Anna, Leo pursued a—normally un-canonical—third marriage, to Eudokia Baïana, in hopes of having a male heir. Indeed, a boy named Basil was born in Easter 901, but Eudokia died during childbirth and was soon followed by the baby. This was once more the occasion of a clash between the emperor and Euthymius. The Vita asserts that following the death of Zoe and their father, as well as the discovery of a conspiracy by their relatives, Leo had repented of their treatment of Euthymius and asked for their forgiveness. The emperor repeatedly sought their counsel, going as far as visiting them incognito at the monastery in Psamathia. During one of the visits, Euthymius prophesied Eudokia's death, and later refused to attend their funeral, retiring with six followers from Constantinople to the suburb of "ta Agathou", a property of their monastery.
Undeterred, the emperor took a mistress, Zoe Karbonopsina, and in September 905 they were finally able to celebrate the birth of the future emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogennetos. The fact that the child's mother was the emperor's mistress caused trouble with leading Church officials, and Leo was forced to promise to separate from Zoe as a precondition for the infant's ceremonial baptism by Patriarch Nicholas Mystikos in the Hagia Sophia. Euthymius too was persuaded to act as one of Constantine's godfathers in the ceremony, which took place in January 906. Despite their pledge to separate from Zoe, however, Leo now was determined to legitimize both them and their son by a fourth marriage, something utterly forbidden by canon law on pain of excommunication. Patriarch Nicholas initially supported the emperor in their efforts to secure a grant of economy, but the Church leadership was vehemently opposed, forcing Nicholas too to change sides. As the impasse continued, in February 907 Nicholas was dismissed by the emperor, and Euthymius was appointed in their stead. The Vita explains Nicholas' stance and their final deposition by their implication in the abortive plot of general Andronikos Doukas, but other sources are silent as to the exact background of the affair.
Madrid Skylitzes. Emperor Alexander dismisses Euthymius. Miniature from the
Despite Euthymius' notorious stubbornness, which probably had discouraged Leo from raising them to the patriarchate sooner, they proved willing to grant the emperor economy, aided by the assent of the other patriarchates of the Pentarchy. Despite Zoe's repeated efforts, however, they steadfastly refused to officially recognize their marriage with the emperor as canonical and their status as empress. Leo was forced to do penance to atone for their marriage, and to pass a law excluding anyone from ever again marrying for a fourth time. As a result of the settlement, on 15 May 908 Euthymius crowned the infant Constantine VII as co-emperor. Even though the later Byzantine chroniclers tend to side with Nicholas Mystikos against Leo, they paint Euthymius in a favourable light. According to the Vita, their tenure helped heal the rift in the Church and reconcile many leading churchmen with the emperor's fourth marriage. Bishop Gabriel of Ancyra is even said to have sent the omophorion of Saint Clement as a gift and a token of appreciation.
Shortly before Leo's death in May 912, the emperor reconciled themselves with Nicholas Mystikos, who now demanded their re-instatement as Patriarch. The sources are unclear, but shortly after Leo's death, or perhaps already before, Euthymius was deposed by a synod convened at Magnaura in favour of Nicholas, who was recalled from exile. Euthymius was exiled to Agathou, where they died on 5 August 917.[15]
Hagiography and writings [ edit ]
Euthymius' hagiography, the Vita Euthymii, or The Life of Euthymius, was apparently written in the years 920/25 according to P. Karlin-Hayter, or, according to D. Sophianos, soon after 932. Its author is unknown, but, in the words of Shaun Tougher, "he had an insider's perspective on court affairs during [Leo VI's] reign", and is consequently one of the "richest sources for the period from the death of Basil I to the early years of Constantine VII" (Alexander Kazhdan). However, despite offering a vivid portrait of Leo and their court, with eye-witness anecdotes that illustrate the emperor's character, as a source it is limited due to its focus on, and bias in favour of, Euthymius, as well as due to the fact that several sections are missing. The single surviving manuscript was kept in Berlin and vanished during World War II, but the Vita exists in several critical editions:
C. de Boor (1888). Vita Euthymii, Ein Anecdoton zur Geschichte Leos des Weisen (in German). Berlin.
P. Karlin-Hayter (1955–57). "Vita St. Euthymii". Byzantion . 25/27: 1–172, 747–778.
P. Karlin-Hayter (1971). Vita Euthymii Patriarchae CP: Text, translation, introduction and commentary . Bibliotheque de Byzantion. 3 . Brussels.
A. P. Kazhdan (1959). Две византийские хроники X века: Псамафийская хроника — Иоанн Камениата, Взятие Фессалоники (in Russian). Moscow.
A. Alexakis (2006). Γάμοι, κηδεῖες καὶ αὐτοκρατορικὲς μεταμέλειες. Ὁ βίος τοῦ πατριάρχη Εὐθυμίου (in Greek). Athens: Kanakis. ISBN 960-7420-91-8.
Euthymius' own writings are few and relatively insignificant, comprising sermons on the conception of St. Anne and an homily on the Virgin Mary. Their contemporary Arethas of Caesarea also wrote a panegyric in their honour, but according to Kazhdan "it is conventional and provides only limited data".
Notes [ edit ]
^ r . 842–867 ). Leo was born while Michael was still alive, which led to rumours, already current during the time, that they were actually Michael's son. Many modern scholars have led credence to the idea, especially in view of Leo's troubled relationship with Basil. Whatever their biological parentage may have been, however, Leo was publicly and legally acknowledged as Basil's son. Leo's mother, Eudokia Ingerina , was Basil's second wife but also the mistress of their predecessor, Michael III ). Leo was born while Michael was still alive, which led to rumours, already current during the time, that they were actually Michael's son. Many modern scholars have led credence to the idea, especially in view of Leo's troubled relationship with Basil. Whatever their biological parentage may have been, however, Leo was publicly and legally acknowledged as Basil's son. Tougher 1997 , pp. 1, 42ff.
References [ edit ]
^ Εὐθύμιος Α´ (in Greek). Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople .
Sources [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The former Spain midfielder's current contract with the Catalans expires at the end of the season and has been linked with taking over the Nerazzurri in the past
"No, it's fine,
it's a gift from a friend ,
"
Guardiola told 'Champions League Live' before reiterating their commitment to Barça.
"
I currently train the most fascinating team there is. "
"He is the best player that I have ever coached and we are happy that they are with us.
"
Since November, Goal.com has been publishing exclusive extracts from Graham Hunter's highly-anticipated new book, 'Barça: The Making of the Greatest Team in the World'. The very last extract, which is published on Friday, looks at Andres Iniesta's risky return from injury in the 2009 Champions League Final and how they were described by Wayne Rooney as the 'best midfielder in the world'. Don't miss it!
Many cars now include cameras or other sensors that record the passing world and trigger intelligent behavior, such as automatic braking or steering to avoid an obstacle. Today's systems are usually unable to tell the difference between a trash can and traffic cop standing next to it, though.
The Drive CX
This week at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nvidia, a leading marking of computer graphics chips, unveiled a vehicle computer called the Drive PX that could help cars interpret and react to the world around them.
Nvidia already supplies chips to many carmakers, but engineers at those companies usually have to write software to collect and process data from various different sensor systems. Drive PX is more powerful than existing hardware, and it should also make it easier to integrate and process sensor data.
The computer uses Nvidia's new graphics microprocessor, the Tegra X1. It is capable of processing information from up to 12 cameras simultaneously, and it comes with software designed to assist with safety or autonomous driving systems. Most impressive, it includes a system trained to recognize different objects using a powerful technique known as deep learning (see “10 Breakthrough Technologies 2013: Deep Learning”). Another computer from Nvidia, called the Drive CX, is designed to generate realistic 3-D maps and other graphics for dashboard displays.
“It's pretty cool to bring this level of powerful computation into cars,” said John Leonard, a professor of mechanical engineering at MIT, who works on autonomous-car technology. “It's the first such computer that seems really designed for a car—an autopilot computer.”
The new Nvidia hardware can also be updated remotely, so that car manufacturers can fix bugs or add new functionality. This is something few car companies, aside from Tesla, do currently.
So far Audi has emerged as an early buyer; at CES, the company showed off a luxury concept car called the Audi Prologue that includes the Drive PX. A year ago, the company announced at CES that it had developed a compact computer for processing sensor information (see “Audi Shows Off a Compact Brain for Self-Driving Cars”). That, too, included Nvidia chips.
The introduction of Nvidia's product is a landmark moment for deep learning, a technology that processes sensory information efficiently by loosely mimicking the way the brain works. At CES, Nvidia showed that its software can detect objects such as cars, people, bicycles, and signs, even when they are partly hidden.
Yoshua Bengio, a deep-learning researcher at the University of Montreal, says the Nvidia chipset is an important commercial milestone. “I would not call it a breakthrough, but a more continuous advance in a direction that has been going for a number of years now,” they said.
Yann LeCun, a data scientist at New York University who leads deep-learning efforts at Facebook (see “Facebook Launches Advanced AI Effort to Find Meaning in Your Posts”), also sees the announcement as an important step: “It is significant because current solutions tend to be closed and proprietary, use custom and inflexible hardware, and tend to be ‘black boxes' that equipment manufacturers cannot really customize.”
At a press event Sunday, Jen-Hsun Huang, Nvidia's CEO, said the devices will provide “more computing horsepower inside a car than anything you have today.”
From the shell extension, they used an undocumented window message to get a pointer to one of the internal Explorer structures. Then they walked the structure until they found something they recognized. Then they knew, "The thing immediately after the thing that I recognize is the thing that I want."
Well, the thing that they recognize and the thing that they want happened to be base classes of a multiply-derived class. If you have a class with multiple base classes, there is no guarantee from the compiler which order the base classes will be ordered. It so happened that they appeared in the order X,Y,Z in all the versions of Windows this software company tested against.
Except Windows 2000.
In Windows 2000, the compiler decided that the order should be X,Z,Y. So now they grovelled in, saw the "X" and said "Aha, the next thing must be a Y" but instead they got a Z. And then they crashed your system some time later.
So I had to create a "fake X,Y" so when the program went looking for X (so it could grab Y), it found the fake one first.
This took the good part of a week to figure out.
In order to understand how this story came about and why I felt it important to write, I need to break a rule. I need to insert myself, just a bit, into the narrative.
I was raised in a Jewish home, and we worshiped at a Reformed synagogue. To understand what that means, know that during confirmation classes we ate meatball pizza. The Rabbi loved it.
While we didn't keep kosher, we did attend Shabbat and holiday services. There was a menorah to light at Hannukah, services to attend on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, and Hebrew school to fidget in once a week after school and on the weekend.
I learned to read and pronounce Hebrew, but never really learned to converse in the language. I figured that would come in time, because my Rabbi suggested more than once that I should consider Rabbinical school (a humorous thought in retrospect).
My religion has always been a part of my life. In my first-year student year at the University of Richmond, you'd think I was the first student at the school to ever ask for a kosher Passover meal based on the reaction. By the time I graduated though, there was a small spread for the Jewish students.
I continued to attend services, observe fasting on Yom Kippur, and swallow an unfathomable amount of matzah on Passover. That has faded over the years, and I might be what you'd call a “secular Jew.”
Being Jewish is still very much part of my background and who I am today. It isn't the only thing, though. I'm a father, a husband, a gamer, a writer, a singer, and a lover of humor. All of these pieces make up the person you'd get to know if we met in person.
With the alignment of Passover and Easter again this year, I quipped on Twitter that I should have put together a list of game characters who are Jewish. I meant this as a joke, naming Borderlands' Claptrap and Destiny's Ghost (aka Dinklebot) as likely candidates.
Then, I received a note from Ken Levine, founder of Irrational Games (now secretively working on a new project). Their message was simple. “Dude, so's pretty much half the cast of Bio 1,” they said.
Wait. What?
I had figured Sander Cohen as a sure thing. Cohen is one of the most Jewish names there is, as it translates directly to “priest” in Hebrew. And, with their “congregation” of artists that they had assembled, this seemed to make a lot of sense.
Levine continued, though. “Ryan, Steinman, Tenenbaum, Lutz…” they rattled off.
Ryan's city of Rapture, founded on the principles of Objectivism, isn't a bastion of religion. The philosophy has a selfish bent, which is in stark contrast to the tenets of most religions, especially Judaism and its 613 mitzvot (Hebrew for “good deeds”).
“It was less about faith and more about what their Jewishness meant to others,” Levine told me in a pre-interview message exchange. “Ryan's Bourgeois family was ruined by the Bolsheviks. Tenenbaum's family was slaughtered by the Nazis. Cohen and Steinman were cultural American Jews, but in that time, others defined them by their Jewishness.”
It's from there that our phone interview begins, taking a path from Rapture, to Columbia, and into the future of Levine's work with their new team.
Read on to learn more about how history shaped some of BioShock's most important figures.
When we talk about BioShock's underwater city of Rapture, thoughts immediately drift to its founder, Andrew Ryan. Their objectivist beliefs are modeled after author Ayn Rand, and their history shares elements with hers.
“If you dig into the audio logs, Ryan was born in Russia (much like Ayn Rand), they were middle class (much like Ayn Rand),” Levine tells me as we begin our conversation. When the Bolshevik revolution happened, their family business was destroyed. That was a defining event for him: the nationalization of all these industries, their family business was destroyed, and Jews weren't exactly beloved in Russia to begin with, but especially a Bourgeois Jew.”
One might think that moving to America after that would amplify the sense of freedom a young Andrew Ryan felt. However, it was quite the opposite. Any restriction chafed.
“His family came to America, and they lived their life in response to that event, that that would never happen to them again,” Levine explained. “He had a mistrust of government, a mistrust of socialism, a mistrust of all those things. That led them to becoming the guy they are. Even America was too government-oriented for him. It's why they created Rapture. It's all a response to this thing that happened when they were a kid, and because they were Jewish.”
Ryan assembled a group of like-minded people around him. They were ambitious to the point of rejecting anyone and anything that dared impose boundaries. Many, like Brigid Tenenbaum, all also shared a history of tragedy and oppression.
“She was the driving force in the creation of the Little Sisters,” Levine shares. “She worked with the Little Sisters and Suchong was the one who developed the plasmids, so their work was hand-in-hand. They discovered Adam, and there's an audio log about them seeing this fisherman who had gotten wounded and how they interacted with this sea slug that healed him. It would bite its prey, in this case the fisherman, and in order to continue being parasitical on the prey, it would repair the wound by giving these stem cells to it.”
So began their work to create the Little Sisters as a means to harvest the source of Rapture's downfall. And, like Ryan, their work under the sea was informed by their childhood experiences.
“She was sent to Auschwitz and was going to be experimented on by [Josef] Mengele and was observing their work and started correcting him,” Levine tells me. “She was a high-operating autistic savant. They said, ‘If you're going to do this, you might as well do it correctly.' The morality never entered into it. It was their love of science.” Tenenbaum's story takes a sharp turn as they begin to help conduct the horrific medical travesties in the camps.
(Note: Following publication of this interview, there has been some conversation about what Levine was saying about autism. They shared a clarification via Twitter that we have decided to include. "Autistic savants don't lack empathy," they write. "I can see how my comments might imply that. Tenenbaum lacked empathy b/c autism doesn't define her.")
That same disconnection from empathy is what allowed them to manipulate young girls into the ghoulish creatures known as Little Sisters. “She never brought the moral angle to any of their scientific works, whether it was their helping experiment on Jews in the camps or working with the Little Sisters,” Levine says. “Because of their autism, it never cracked through. They were disconnected from any human aspect or any sense of empathy. Then they had this moment and their empathy comes rushing in as she's able to see what she's done for the first time.”
When we meet Tenenbaum in Rapture, they aren't simply a foil for Atlas. They have truly repented and is working to make right them mistakes. Not all of the residents of Rapture found redemption, though. Dr. Steinman, a Jewish plastic surgeon who we meet lurking in Rapture's medical pavilion, transforms from healer to monster.
“I don't think any of these people were hyper-religious Jews by any stretch of the imagination. They were much more part of the cultural experience of being Jewish,” Levine clarifies. “You can imagine Steinman in a 5th Avenue office in New York. I think what their issue was, much like Ryan's issue, and Cohen's issue – they are very much a reflection of each other – their work was always constrained by little people.”
In the Jewish faith, permanently defacing the body (as with tattoos) is prohibited in the Torah. The specific passage comes from the book of Leviticus: "You shall not make gashes in your flesh for the dead, or incise any marks on yourselves: I am the Lord."
“If I were to go back and write their biography, I think that would be an interesting place for it to start, with their parents' rejection of their work because of their religious beliefs," Levine says. "You can imagine maybe they had some disapproval from their family and much more observant parents. This is the field of medicine you go into? This is what you choose? You go into a field where your profession is to alter the body?' That was the first interaction they had with people saying, ‘There is a problem with your work. You need to be restrained by some force: by God, by government, by regulation.' The reason they eventually become a monster, especially when they start taking Adam himself, their mind starts collapsing. It's an expansion of their desire not to be held back by any outside force.”
While these characters share a religion, it's their desire to work without oversight or restriction that is the crucial motivator. Ryan chafed at government oversight, Tenenbaum was driven by scientific pursuits that would be deemed unethical elsewhere, Steinman shrugged off the disapproval of their family and acted in a way no medical board would condone.
Read on to find out more about how Levine approaches creating characters with subtle, authentic diversity.
From motivation, characters are born
The characters Levine created for BioShock are not defined by one trait. They are complex people with varied motivations, exhibiting authentic diversity, even within the fantastical setting of an underwater metropolis.
“The first thing you think about is, ‘Who is this character, and what do they want, and what's in their way?' That's how you develop a character.” Levine tells me. “If you start from, ‘This is a black dude' or ‘This is a Jewish dude,' you're kind of missing the point. I try not to look at characters as their skin color, race, sex, creed, or their gender. I think that's an inauthentic way of thinking about character, because that's not what defines people. What defines people is their experience.”
We return to the genesis of the conversation. Levine uses Judaism and people of the Jewish faith as an example of how the balance of internal and external exertions can shape who someone becomes.
“Sometimes external forces push people of the same creed into an experience, for instance the diaspora of the 20th century Jews," Levine says. "The Cossacks burned Jews out of their villages, there were shtetls, the Russian gulags, and pushing farmers and business people out of Russia, the Nazis pushing Jews out of their homes. These diaspora forced people to make changes in their lives. That common event didn't come from something innate. It came from something that was pushed upon them. I think that people react to those events and are traumatized by those events. People are affected by those events, and that creates similarities among people. They have a shared experience.”
The theme of diaspora is another that provides the undercurrent for the original BioShock title. Some members of the cast were forced from their homes multiple times.
“I think that BioShock 1 especially is about people with a shared experience of leaving a place and going to another place, and quite often being forced to leave a place," Levine says. "And going to Rapture is another kind of diaspora. I think that is a much more interesting lens to look at a character than saying, ‘He is this way because they were born a Jew or because they were born black or born white.' That's not an interesting way for me as a writer to look at a character, because throw 10 Jews in a bucket and you'll find 10 different people.”
Kindred spirits, and alternative approaches
Levine's approach to the different elements of diversity and their philosophy on character building isn't unique. I asked them who else in the industry was doing work with which they identify.
“I think there are lots of good writers out there," they say. "There's Amy Hennig, Chris Avellone, and Rhianna Pratchett. There are tons of good writers out there. Generally, they come at the problem in a similar way, which is to start with the character and worry about everything else later. I think the commonality for them is that they start with character. It's very hard to write if you don't just start with, ‘Who is my character, and what do they or they want?'”
Despite having their own preference for approaching the topic, Levine is aware that others might disagree. There are different paths writers might take to developing their principal players.
“I don't want to fall victim to being the guy who's saying, ‘You have to create your games this way, and it's the only valid way to work, so if you're doing it differently, you're doing it wrong,'” they say. “I can tell you what's been successful for me and what's been successful for writers in general.”
Diversity is an issue that has been regularly discussed in the gaming industry. There is a valid desire amongst the population to see themselves represented in the games they play. Levine and I spoke about the growing ways in which developers are working to diversify characters to serve the audience and their thoughts on fulfilling those needs.
“I think there is a feeling of wanting to see character types rather than characters,” Levine says. “People ask me, ‘Why don't you write a ‘positive gay character?' In the abstract, that's a very odd request, not because there aren't positive gay people out there. It's because nobody is wholly positive or wholly negative. And that's also not what makes somebody interesting. Being strong and positive is not what makes people interesting. It can be part of what makes somebody interesting, but that to me is creating a one-dimensional character, that's only recognizable by their strengths, or only recognizable by the fact that they are black, or by the fact that they are Jewish. As a writer, that doesn't seem like a terrific path to creating interesting characters.”
In the second half of the interview, Ken Levine discusses their new studio's first game.
A private donor, moved by the suicides of two, 12-year-old girls in remote Wapekeka First Nation, will fund the $380,000 that Health Canada refused to give them for youth mental health workers. Wapekeka Chief Brennan Sainnawap wrote Health Canada last July, begging for funding as they feared a youth suicide pact in the community but the federal department refused.
Chantell Fox, 12, left, committed suicide on Jan. 10, two days after their friend Jolynn Winter. Here, Chantell is pictured with their twin sister. ( (Community supplied photo) ) Jolynn Winter, 12, took their own life earlier this month. ( Community supplied photo ) Since the deaths of Jolynn Winter and their friend Chantell Fox (pictured), another four girls were medi-vacced out of the community and are still receiving treatment. ( Facebook )
The donor, who contacted Wapekeka last week, is a private citizen who wishes to remain anonymous. The donor has already wired $30,000 to Wapekeka to help pay for emergency mental health crisis team needs and the rest of the money will follow later this week to reinstate the youth mental health program. RELATED: Wapekeka First Nation feared suicide pact, say they were denied help
Article Continued Below
Since the deaths of Jolynn Winter on January 8 and their friend Chantell Fox, who followed Winter two days later, another four girls were medevaced out of the community and are still receiving treatment. Another 26 students have been classified as “high risk” for suicide and are being watched. Both Sainnawap and Nishnawbe Aski Nation Grand Chief Alvin Fiddler, who has spearheaded the call for a national suicide strategy in the wake of the girls deaths, are overwhelmed and grateful to the donor. “We are overwhelmed with this act of generosity and cannot express how grateful we are that this donor is stepping in to help our people. Our community is in crisis and there is an urgent need to get this program back in place as soon as possible,” said Sainnawap in a statement. Chantell Fox was Sainnawap's granddaughter. They wrote the letter to Health Canada in July, 2016, asking for mental health supports for their youth. The community said they were told Health Canada couldn't fund the request because it came at an awkward time in their budget cycle.
“Words cannot express how grateful we are that this donor has committed to helping our young people with their mental health struggles. We are extremely disappointed that despite the loss of two of our youth we have never received a commitment from Health Canada or the Government of Canada to get this program back in our community.” Wapekeka is a community of nearly 400 people, 600 km north of Thunder Bay. The First Nation has struggled with a suicide crisis before and with sexual abuse issues. Wapekeka was one of the remote indigenous communities targeted by convicted pedophile Ralph Rowe in the 1970s and 1980s. Rowe, a former Anglican Church minister, used to fly into First Nations and take boys camping. It is estimated their victims number in the hundreds. The Anglican Church announced last Friday it would nationally apologize to Rowe's victims.
Article Continued Below
Since the recent suicides, NAN, provincial and federal authorities have swooped in to try and respond to the crisis, but indigenous leaders maintain a national mental health strategy is urgently needed to stop the youth suicide epidemic in many First Nations. Fly-in squad response teams are not an answer to sustained, national funding, Fiddler said. The anonymous donation does not replace the need for Ottawa and the province to do their part and properly fund indigenous mental health and health care, they said. “We will still go after both the Feds and the province to support our communities,” Fiddler said and added that they fully “respect the donor's wish to remain anonymous, but I would like to express our appreciation for this tremendous response to a community in crisis.”
Since the deaths of Jolynn Winter and their friend Chantell Fox (pictured), another four girls were medi-vacced out of the community and are still receiving treatment.
The fact remains that two young children died because Ottawa cut funding to programs, said New Democratic Party MP Charlie Angus, whose riding of Timmins-James Bay, has faced a suicide crisis for decades. “They were warned children could die. Last week (at an Ottawa press conference), they were warned more children could be at risk and they have done nothing. Is this how we celebrate Canada's 150th birthday?” Angus asked. “This is about political will. The prime minister could state this (a national suicide strategy) is a policy in our country and make sure the funds are there,” Angus added. Instead, they are defending themselves against Cindy Blackstock and the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society, in a decade-long human rights tribunal case about Canada's failure to adequately fund services for indigenous kids. Thursday is the one-year anniversary of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal ruling that found the Canadian government is discriminating against 163,000 First Nations kids by not providing equitable child welfare services that other Canadian children receive. “This government is willing to spend half a million dollars on lawyers to fight Cindy Blackstock to deny services to children and they won't give money to help a community to stop children from dying” Angus added.
TOKYO — Billionaire business person Donald Trump's presidential campaign hinges on Americans who share Trump's assessment that the United States is losing all over the world.
In Mexico, we're outsmarted on the border. In China, it's trade and currency manipulation. In the Middle East, it's the terrorist masterminds of ISIS.
In Japan, we're losing at selling cars.
"When did we beat Japan at anything?" Trump said in their campaign announcement speech back in June. "They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all the time."
That statement, like many Trump has made, is not 100 percent accurate. PolitiFact rated it Mostly False. The iconic American automaker does sell Camaros and Corvettes in Japan.
Yet here in Tokyo, the kernel of truth in Trump's exaggerated claim is easier to see. In 2014, General Motors notched just 597 sales of Chevrolet vehicles from official dealers in Japan. Through October 2015, that figure is 428.
Even President Barack Obama, an unlikely Trump ally, earlier this year questioned the lack of American cars on the roads in Tokyo as they pushed for increased trade with a group of 11 Pacific rim nations.
"When you travel to Tokyo, you don't see Fords. You don't see Chevys. You don't see Chryslers," Obama said.
I did, though it wasn't easy.
Surprise in Shibuya
Tokyo's trendy Shibuya ward is recognized around the world for the crossing hub outside its subway station, with vehicles whirring from four directions as rivers of pedestrians wait to cross the road. The space buzzes on the night before Halloween as young people dressed as Minions, zombies, Nintendo characters and sexy whoevers pose for photos and clutch drinks.
There, in the middle of it all, appears the sight of sky-blue American muscle.
The driver grins as a photographer snaps pictures of them behind the wheel of their third-generation 1962 Chevrolet Impala, their windows down, music up, and hand in a rock-and-roll fist.
That's precisely the reaction for which he, probably handsomely, paid.
American cars are a novelty in Japan, with its narrow streets that brim with compact domestic brands Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Suzuki, Mazda and Subaru. In 2014, Japanese automakers accounted for 92 percent of the 5.45 million vehicles sold there, according to financial research group IHS Automotive.
In three weeks roaming several major cities in Japan, including Kyoto, Osaka and Hiroshima, I saw just that sky-blue Chevy Impala, a black Ford Focus hatchback and a Lincoln stretch limousine with tinted windows.
That's the anecdotal evidence for how few American vehicles roam Japan. The statistics drive home the point. From January to October 2015, there were 666 new Chevrolet vehicle registrations, a drop from 1,067 registrations during the same period in 2014, according to the Japan Automobile Importers Association. (Unlike GM's figure, this accounts for all registrations of imported vehicles, not just official dealers.)
Spokespersons for Chevrolet did not want to comment about its strategy in Japan, declining to allow its official dealers there to be interviewed. Instead they highlighted the company's efforts in other countries of southeast Asia, its record sales in China, engineering and design facilities in South Korea, and new investment in India.
Obama has hailed the Trans-Pacific Partnership as a way to address the car trade imbalance, and Japan, which does not impose a tariff on American imports, has agreed to appease some of the United States' concerns as part of joining the trade deal. The Office of the United States Trade Representative calls out "non-tariff measures" that hurt American exports, like "opaque" regulatory development and drawn-out certification procedures that stall cars from entering the marketplace.
Still, regulatory hurdles for exporters can't be the only reason the Japanese aren't that into American cars. European brands Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen, BMW and Audi outsell American manufacturers by the tens of thousands.
Over and over again, I heard the same explanations: Japanese consumers prefer more compact and fuel-efficient cars to navigate their tighter roads.
Allen S. Greenberg, U.S. consul general for Osaka-Kobe, has noticed more cars with greater capacity, like minivans, on the road now than in the early 2000s, when they were studying U.S.-Japan economic relations in the Tokyo embassy. Finding parking, and then managing to park inside tiny spaces, remains as big a challenge as ever, they said.
"I think the Japanese are very willing to drive imports, but they have to be imports that make sense with the local conditions," they said. "And that means probably smaller than many cars that we drive in the States."
There are some facets of the trade deal that may make American car sales easier in Japan, but overall the language isn't likely to be the magic formula that will fix the problem, said Sarah Oliver, a trade policy research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics who focus on the auto sector. They noted the popularity of Chevrolet and Ford trucks among Americans.
"It might just be what the American carmakers are good at may not be what the Japanese want," Oliver said.
Lonely day at the lot
It's Saturday afternoon at a used car dealership outside of Osaka, and Yuya Nagata is approaching the end of their shift as a sales associate at BUBU West, which sells used American and European imports.
Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays are usually their best days for sales, but this Saturday is especially slow.
"Actually today was a boring day," Nagata said. "Nobody came today."
At BUBU West, the lone Chevrolet for sale is a bulky, black 2004 Suburban. The dealership had just lowered the price to 2.89 million yen, which converts to roughly $24,000.
BUBU West belongs to Toyama-based car importer Mitsuoka Motor Group. The company's motto is "dream, hope, pleasure," which perfectly encapsulates the reasons a Japanese consumer would splurge for an American car.
Earlier this year, Nagata sold three Chevrolet Corvettes, including one to a 23-year-old man in May who wanted to celebrate career success.
"He was dreaming about Chevrolet and bought one," they said.
The typical American car customer in Japan is a car "maniac," they said, someone who cares about looking different and doesn't mind the pain of maintenance in a country where American parts aren't abundant.
Their company imports left-hand-drive vehicles, the opposite side of Japanese cars, from a company called BUBU California Direct and brings the vehicles in line with Japanese car standards. American blinker colors are red, for example, so they have to change them to orange.
A lot of people don't want to go through the trouble.
Nagata hasn't sold a Chevy since August, though a colleague sold a Trailblazer sometime in the fall.
Sadanori Shibui manages a sister store in Osaka that sells replicas of classic cars. They sold Chevys and other American cars back in the 1990s.
Because of a lack of maintenance options for Chevy owners, many consumers got the impression that Chevys break down easily, they said. That concern plus the left-side steering wheel and limited selection of models are the reasons they think the dream of owning a Chevy remains for most Japanese just that.
A dream.
"Many people like Chevy because it's cool-looking," Shibui said. "But many people, when they go to buy it, it's reality. That's the problem: image and reality."
Katie Sanders traveled to Japan as part of a reporting fellowship from the International Center for Journalists. Japanese translator Junko Takahashi contributed to this report.
Every Friday on the blog, I answer people's questions about sex, love, and relationships. This week's question comes from a reader who wanted to know the following:
“Is it normal for guys to use vibrators or other sex toys?”
Great question! However, I'm going to answer by focusing on whether vibrator and sex toy use is “common” among men instead of focusing on whether it's “normal.” My reason for saying this is because I don't want to turn this into a discussion about whether you should or shouldn't be using sex toys. In my view, that's something that you and (if applicable) your partner should decide for yourselves based on what you're comfortable with. After all, you can have a great sex life with or without the addition of toys.
That said, there's not a lot of research on men's sex toy use. I suspect that part of the reason for this is because vibrators and other sex toys have traditionally been viewed as things that exist more for female pleasure than for male pleasure. However, a couple of recent surveys suggest that it's actually not that uncommon for guys to use sex toys. For instance, a national survey in Australia found that about 12% of the men surveyed reported having used a sex toy in the last year [1]. In addition, a national U.S. survey focusing specifically on men's vibrator use found that 24.2% of guys reported having used a vibrator in the last year [2]. The U.S. study also revealed that if you look at whether men have ever used a vibrator in their entire lives, the numbers are even higher, with nearly half (44.8%) saying they have done so!
So how do men typically use vibrators and why do they use them? Most guys say that they use vibrators with their partners during foreplay and/or intercourse [2]. In fact, although almost half of the men in the U.S. survey mentioned above reported having used a vibrator before, only 16.6% said that they had used one alone during masturbation. In light of this finding, it is perhaps not surprising that when men were asked why they first began incorporating vibrators into their sex lives, some of the most common reasons included wanting to please one's partner, to help one's partner have an orgasm, or to “spice up” one's sex life. Far fewer guys reported using vibrators to help themselves have an orgasm, although that's certainly a reason that some guys use these sex toys.
Who are the men that use vibrators? Research suggests that these men are more likely to be married or living with a partner; in addition, they tend to be less religious and less politically conservative [2]. Also, while some people might assume that vibrator use is primarily driven by gay men, that's not the case. In fact, large numbers of heterosexual- (44.5%), bisexual- (66.7%), and gay-identified men (50%) report having used a vibrator before [2].
One last thing worth noting about men's vibrator use is that guys who have used a vibrator recently tend to report better erectile and orgasmic function, greater sexual desire, and more satisfying intercourse than men who have never used a vibrator before [2]. However, we have to be cautious in interpreting these data. Although it could potentially be the case that use of vibrators actually improves men's sex lives, it is just as plausible that these results could be due to men with higher sex drives or men who are more comfortable with their sexuality perhaps being more willing to experiment with vibrators.
I realize I've focused primarily on use of vibrators here, which is obviously just one kind of sex toy. Men can and do use other types of toys too, but far more research is needed on what kinds of toys guys are using, how they're being used, and how they're related to men's sexual functioning.
For previous editions of Sex Question Friday, click here. To send in a question for a future edition, click here.
Want to learn more about The Psychology of Human Sexuality? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Richters, J., Grulich, A. E., Visser, R. O., Smith, A., & Rissel, C. E. (2003). Sex in Australia: Autoerotic, esoteric and other sexual practices engaged in by a representative sample of adults. Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 27(2), 180-190.
[2] Reece, M., Herbenick, D., Sanders, S. A., Dodge, B., Ghassemi, A., & Fortenberry, J. D. (2009). Prevalence and characteristics of vibrator use by men in the United States. Journal of Sexual Medicine, 6(7), 1867-1874.
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
You Might Also Like:
Last week, as Donald Trump was sweeping the Acela primaries and beginning to campaign in California and Indiana, I was taking a long-planned family trip to England and France. Everywhere we went, people asked about Trump, who is receiving a lot of media attention abroad. What is their game? Who are their supporters? Do they have any chance of becoming President?
Of course, Trump doesn't get quite as much coverage or occupy as much mental space in Europe as they do here. The biggest news stories during our brief stay in England were the upcoming referendum on whether Britain should pull out of the European Union and a long-awaited jury verdict finding police responsible for the deaths of ninety-six soccer fans at a stadium in Sheffield, twenty-seven years ago. Paris, which we visited at the end of the week, is still looking inward after November's terrorist attack. Near our hotel in the Bastille district, heavily armed soldiers were patrolling the streets; not far away, at the Place de la République, the monuments were adorned with pictures and tributes memorializing the victims of the November 13th attacks. Yards away, an Occupy-style collective had taken over part of the square to express support for migrants from Syria, Afghanistan, and other trouble spots.
In other words, Europe has plenty of its own problems to deal with. But with these problems has come the rise of a number of Trump-style right-wing populists. Indeed, one of the things you realize when you cross the Atlantic is that Trumpism isn't as purely American a phenomenon as it appears from up close. Save perhaps Silvio Berlusconi, the disgraced former Prime Minister of Italy, there is no exact European equivalent to the brash New York billionaire, but the larger forces that have propelled Trump to the brink of the Republican Party's Presidential nomination—nationalism, nativism, disillusionment with the economic results of globalization, fear of terrorism, cynicism about career politicians—are just as strong in Europe, perhaps stronger.
From the Irish Sea to the Carpathian Mountains, right-wing anti-establishment movements are on the rise. In the U.K., their objective is “Brexit,” on June 23rd, when the country votes in a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union. In recent weeks, Nigel Farage, the beer-swilling leader of the anti-immigrant, anti-E.U. U.K. Independence Party, has been joined in arguing for an exit by Boris Johnson, the towheaded mayor of London. Johnson has thrown off their liberal-Tory mask to lead the anti-E.U. forces inside the U.K.'s ruling Conservative Party, against the wishes of Prime Minister David Cameron—and of President Obama, who made it patently clear, just prior to my family's arrival, that the U.S. would prefer Britain to remain a member of the E.U. Obama's intervention may have cheered the pro-E.U. forces, but it doesn't appear to have affected public opinion much. Two polls published over the weekend suggest that the referendum is still too close to call.
In France, Marine Le Pen, the leader of the anti-immigrant National Front, is busy preparing to challenge the embattled François Hollande in next year's Presidential election. Much as last December's gun massacre in San Bernardino generated support for Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S., the ISIS attack in Paris has hardened French attitudes and played to the National Front's advantage. Since December, Hollande's government has adopted a number of illiberal counterterrorism measures, authorizing raids of mosques and other Islamic buildings without court warrants, and placing suspects under house arrest before their cases reach a judge. But Le Pen continues to claim that mainstream French parties are incapable of defending the country, and many people appear to agree with their call for still-harsher measures. As I was having my morning croissant on Friday, I came across an opinion poll in Le Figaro suggesting that almost half of the French public now views the country's large Muslim minority as “mainly a threat.”
In central and eastern Europe, where the Syrian-refugee crisis is a huge issue, the far right is enjoying even more success. Last month, Norbert Hofer, a representative of Austria's anti-immigrant Freedom Party, finished first in the initial round of voting in that country's Presidential election.* (Like Trump, Hofer boasts of carrying a gun to protect himself.) Three weeks from now, they will face the Green Party-backed Alexander Van der Bellen in a runoff election. Should Hofer win, it will be the first time since 1945 that Austria has had an overtly nationalistic and far-right President. Although the position is largely ceremonial, it affords the power to dismiss parliament and call fresh elections, which Hofer has threatened to do if they are elected.
In Poland and Hungary, meanwhile, two avowedly nationalistic governments are continuing to strengthen their grip on power. Viktor Orbán, a self-styled strongman, has been the Hungarian Prime Minister for six years now, and in the past couple of years, as refugees have passed through Hungary on their journeys north from Greece and Turkey, they have ruthlessly exploited popular fears of a deluge of newcomers. Unlike Trump, Orbán hasn't just talked about building a wall to keep out unwanted migrants: their government has gone ahead and built fences on its borders with Croatia, Serbia, and Slovenia. Now it is planning to put up another one, this time on Hungary's eastern border with Romania.
Poland, further north, is less immediately affected by the refugee crisis. But the reactionary Law and Justice Party, which gained power in elections last October, has seized on the issue to help justify its agenda of purging Poland of liberal and cosmopolitan influences. (The government has already eliminated liberals and other opponents from state-run media and other powerful institutions.) After the March terrorist attack on the Brussels Airport, the Polish Prime Minister, Beata Szydło, appeared to renege on a deal with the E.U. to take in about seven thousand refugees, saying that they didn't see “any possibility” that their country would accept migrants from Syria and other countries. Subsequently, the Polish foreign minister, Witold Waszczykowski, said that their government would honor the agreement as long as the refugees were given a proper security check. The details remain unresolved, however, and public opinion appears to favor a Trump-style lockout.
To be sure, the parallels between what is happening in the United States and in parts of Europe shouldn't be pushed too far. The United States isn't dealing with a refugee crisis, and, mercifully, it hasn't had any recent terrorist attacks as spectacular as the ones in Paris or Brussels. And few, if any, of its citizens are intent on seceding from the union. Trump, although they clearly have substantial support, also has very high disapproval ratings, and a majority of Americans oppose their controversial policy recommendations, including their proposed ban on Muslims.
But, despite these qualifications, Trump's brand of right-wing populism clearly shares some attributes with its European cousins. In an era in which traditional party loyalties are decaying, economic expectations have been disappointed, and outsiders are increasingly seen as potential job-stealers, or even terrorists, Trump, Le Pen, Hofer, and Farage (not to mention other right-wing European politicians, such as Denmark's Kristian Thulesen Dahl and the Netherlands' Geert Wilders) are all fishing in the same fouled waters, with the same lures: immigrant-bashing, jingoism, and the prospect of populist, or faux-populist, economic policies.
In an essay in the weekend edition of the Financial Times, Mark Mazower, a historian at Columbia University, argued that we are witnessing a revival of nationalism as a reaction to heightened insecurity. Citing the work of the late Benedict Anderson, especially the 1983 book “Imagined Communities,” Mazower wrote, “Under the globalisation juggernaut, we all feel small now, even the US, and this is perhaps the main difference between Reagan-era Republican tub-thumping and Trump's.”
That is an arresting thesis, even if it somewhat understates the extent to which previous promoters of American nationalism—from Teddy Roosevelt to Reagan himself—also played on fears that the United States was falling behind or otherwise diminished. And it provides ample reason for everyone, not just Americans, to worry about the potential of Trumpism. It is disturbing enough to see rabble-rousing, authoritarian mountebanks holding positions of power in places like Budapest, Warsaw, and, potentially, Vienna—places where it had been hoped that the nightmares of the twentieth century had been left behind. But for such a figure to get anywhere near the Presidency of the world's leading democracy, the biggest economy, military hegemon, and sole superpower would be a tragedy of a different order. As the next six months unfold, many in Europe and the rest of the world will be watching nervously.
_ *This post was updated to reflect Norbert Hofer's formal role in the Austrian Freedom Party._
1,000 Songs From Holocaust Survivors Archived
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
In the summer of 1948, an amateur folklorist named Ben Stonehill recorded more than 1,000 songs from Holocaust survivors in the lobby of New York City's Hotel Marseilles. This week, 66 of those songs become available online through the Center for Traditional Music and Dance, complete with translations; another 300 songs will go up over the next few months — all free for anyone to hear.
Some sing in Russian; some sing in Polish, Czech, Lithuanian, Hebrew. But the majority sing in Yiddish, a language whose speaking population was dramatically reduced during WWII. That loss is a big part of what brought Stonehill to that lobby. They were looking to capture the sound of something he'd feared might disappear.
Miriam Isaacs, a sociolinguist who has been studying the collection, says there are all kinds of stuff in the music. "There are babies crying, there's women giggling, there's people helping each other out, sometimes joining in song."
Stonehill described the scene in the lobby of the Hotel Marseilles in a recording they made while practicing for a lecture in 1964.
Boys, girls and mothers would gather about the recorder and beg permission to sing into the microphone in order to hear their own voices played back. The thrill and glow that spread over their faces, and the tears that came to their eyes, was patently an admixture of witnessing an electronic miracle and having the satisfaction of knowing that their intimate, closely guarded songs from home, camp and ghetto were being preserved for academic study.
Stonehill was born in Poland, but moved to Rochester, N.Y., as a young child. They were never a professionally trained folklorist. Instead, they spent their days working at the flooring company they owned in Sunnyside, Queens. They loved Yiddish and Jewish culture, and they nursed a quiet dream of doing something like Alan Lomax had done for American folk music — collecting songs and making sure they were preserved for future generations.
Then, in 1948, an opportunity presented itself. He'd heard that Jewish refugees were being temporarily housed at the Hotel Marseilles on the Upper West Side.
Stonehill's eldest son, Lennox Lee Stonehill, says their father went to an electronic-equipment store in their neighborhood with a business proposition.
"If they would give them a sample of their machinery, they would use it to drum up sales," Lennox says. "And they evidently went for it."
The machine they borrowed was a device called a wire recorder. Instead of tape, it captured sound on spools of thin stainless steel. It was not a small machine.
"My recollection is that they went on weeknights on the subway, lugging this heavy recording equipment night after night," Lennox says. "It took a lot of dedication."
Bret Werb is the sound collection curator at the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. They acquired Ben Stonehill's recordings for the museum in 2006. Up until then, copies had sat on the shelves of various institutions, including the Library of Congress, overlooked by all but a small group of researchers.
"What you don't get from the more dedicated collectors that you get in Stonehill is this spectrum of music," Werb says. "You can see that there are song titles or first lines listed from numbers 1 to 1,078. Just under 40 hours of recorded sound."
YouTube
It was Werb who enlisted Miriam Isaacs to help sort through those many hours of sound. Isaacs has spent more than three years poring over the collection: transcribing, translating and categorizing the songs by theme and subject matter.
"Humorous songs, bawdy songs, religious songs, Zionist songs, homelessness, home — and homelessness is a big category," Isaacs says.
Initially, they were more interested in the Yiddish dialects featured on the recordings than in the songs themselves. But the more they listened, the closer they felt to those strangers sitting in a dim lobby decades in the past, each of them revealing a bit of themselves through the songs they chose to sing.
"There's this one guy Arumche, and they sing all the Bundist socialist communist songs. I know Gita Friedman, they like love songs, and also some things that seem to be derived from theater," Isaacs says. "There are two little boys, Yakov and Moshe, they do the kind of things they would have learned in Hebrew School."
Among Isaacs' favorites is a Yiddish take on the Lambeth Walk — a dance tune popularized in England in the late 1930s.
Boisterous, funny and even off-color lyrics are not uncommon. But there are also moments of deep solemnity, both in the songs and the stories people tell about them. For example, just before launching into a upbeat German marching tune, one man explains how they were forced to sing it while laboring in Buchenwald.
In some ways, this collection, while rare, isn't singular. There are at least two other archives of Yiddish songs that are comparable in scale. What is unique, however, are those critical words, "Sing anything you like."
Masha Leon is a longtime columnist for The Jewish Daily Forward. They live in New York. They were a teenager in 1948, a refugee who had fled Warsaw before the Warsaw Ghetto walls went up, ultimately making their way to New York. They didn't live at the Hotel Marseilles, but a group of people they wanted to know did.
"Why I picked this song, I have no idea. I suspect I may have sung more than one, and this may have been the one they recorded," Leon says. "There were a lot of young guys there."
Almost every evening after work in the summer of 1948, Leon and their friend would go to the Hotel Marseilles to socialize in the lobby. They say they don't remember Stonehill, or singing for him, but that they can still recall all the words of the song they think they collected from them
Leon learned the song "Tuk Tuk Tuk" as a child back in Poland. And when they hear it now, they say they have flashbacks. "The kindergarten I went to, the street I lived on, the life I lived at the time," they say.
Leon says that for her, listening to the collection revives a whole generation of people. The world they lived in now gone.
"These are songs that they grew up with as children," they say. "That were part of the landscape. The wallpaper of their lives."
New Brunswick fire director pleads guilty to careless driving
Buy Photo New Brunswick Fire Director Robert Rawls (left) was fined $206 plus court costs Tuesday in South Brunswick after pleading guilty to careless driving during an accident that injured three children. (Photo: Suzanne Russell/Staff Photo )Buy Photo Story Highlights The accident sparked outcry from residents who say speeding drivers don't yield to pedestrians
The traffic pattern on Livingston Avenue was changed after the accident
The road-narrowing project was part of a "road diet" plan presented in a Rutgers University studyRawls
For Romeo Pelaez, the $206 fine given to New Brunswick Fire Director Robert Rawls after pleading guilty Tuesday to careless driving during a May accident that injured their daughter and two other children is just another sign of inequality among the social classes.
They said Rawls, who earns about $150,000 as fire director, is rich, but yet was fined only $206. They also have to pay court costs.
"It happens everywhere. When the people is poor nobody says anything, nobody knows nothing" said Pelaez, adding emergency medical personnel who initially responded to the accident seemed more concerned about Rawls' welfare than the children. They said Rawls was put in an ambulance while their daughter was still lying on the ground.
Their daughter Jocelyn, 15, has metal tubes and rods in their leg as a result of the May 6 accident along Livingston Avenue in New Brunswick. She's undergone two surgeries and could face more. They initially had to use crutches to walk. They have doctor appointments every 15 days. They suffered a concussion and has no memory of the accident.
"I'll never be the same again," they said Tuesday after the municipal court hearing. "I don't have a normal life anymore."
Pelaez said they and their wife couldn't work for two months because they had to stay home to care for their daughter. They lost two months of pay.
The family plans to file a civil suit against Rawls and the City of New Brunswick, according to their attorney, Howard Buckner of Edison. Buckner said in New Jersey no specific amount can be sought in a civil lawsuit.
Municipal Court Judge Michael Dowgin ruled Rawls' guilty plea cannot be used in the civil suit.
Rawls said nothing during or after the court proceeding. Their fine will be paid to New Brunswick.
Their attorney, Thomas Buck of Milltown, said the incident was an accident, adding that there were cars parked on Livingston Avenue.
"Livingston Avenue has been completely reconfigured since this accident," Buck said. "Accidents happen. People come out from behind parked cars. That happens. There were cars parked on Livingston Avenue, where if someone comes from between those cars you are not going to see them until the last moment."
Buck said Rawls accepts responsibility for the accident and apologizes with their plea.
"As of today they have no points (on their drivers license). My client does not speed around New Brunswick," said Buck, adding as head of the fire department there are times they have to drive fast.
Buck said the case was investigated by the Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office and the New Brunswick Police Department and speeding, drugs, alcohol and use of their work and personal cell phones were ruled out as factors in the accident.
With no aggravating factors, Jeremy Solomon, the municipal prosecutor said the only conclusion is the accident resulted from the lack of focus on Rawls part. They're adding ordinarily when they see an accident with these types of injuries they want to seek a significant penalty, but with this case there were no aggravating factors other than the injuries and some prior accidents.
"The simple fact is the defendant just drove carelessly and tragically caused the injuries," Solomon said.
Rawls was issued tickets for careless driving and failing to stop for a pedestrian on a crosswalk following the May 6 accident on Livingston Avenue in which three children were struck by their city vehicle. The failure-to-stop charge was dismissed in court.
The children were hit around 3:34p.m. as they were crossing Livingston Avenue at Delavan Street on their way home from school. The accident left two 14-year-old girls — Jocelyn Pelaez and Arly Melquiadez — and Arly's brother, John Mejia, 6, with broken bones and other injuries. They were taken to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick.
Ron Morgan, a Newark based-attorney, representing Arly Melquiadez, said they broke their pelvis in the accident while their brother suffered cuts and scratches. The siblings' mother questioned why Rawls didn't see the three children. They said the whole family has been traumatized by the accident.
The accident sparked an outcry from the city's Latino community.
Residents demanded safety improvements along Livingston Avenue, a four-lane road on which there are nearly three-dozen accidents each year. Residents complained that speeding vehicles don't yield to pedestrians.
Rawls, who was appointed fire director in 2006, allegedly has had a number of motor-vehicle accidents. The day of the accident, a television news station, citing the Motor Vehicle Commission, reported that Rawls has had 19 accidents over 38 years, including one just six weeks prior to the accident involving the schoolchildren, one last year, two in 2012 and three in 2009 and in 2008.
Dowgin, however, said many of the accidents were years ago and they had no moving violations.
A week after the accident, police announced lane changes along Livingston Avenue, narrowing the traffic flow to a single lane in each direction between Delavan and Baldwin streets and between Elizabeth and Loretta streets, with the center lane for turns. Livingston Avenue has two lanes in each direction, with no turning lanes, in other parts of the city.
The road-narrowing project was part of the pilot phase of a "road diet" presented in a Rutgers University study commissioned by the city and Middlesex County. The Middlesex County Board of Freeholders agreed to fast-track the plan after the accident and the outcry from residents.
Staff Writer Suzanne Russell: 732-565-7335; srussell@mycentraljersey.com
Read or Share this story: http://mycj.co/VDoz7w
59 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
On September 9th the Manchester Police set up a “DUI checkpoint” at the end of a bridge here in Manchester, NH. Pretty sneaky of them considering you're unable to turn around and avoid your 4th amendment right violations, well without driving off the bridge.
It didn't take long for “Shire” (or New Hampshire as the state calls it) residents and activists to respond to the checkpoint. Within an hour, all four corners of the intersection leading to the bridge had activists on them yelling, “Police checkpoint on the bridge! Don't take the bridge.” Armed with signs and their tactical approach (covering all corners) the activist diverted 100's of motorist who honked, flashed their lights and even gave money in support of the group effort to save folks from the police.
I know some reading this are saying, “WTF? Drunk drivers are dangerous and could end up killing someone. Why would you help them get home or avoid the checkpoint.” This is something I've been asked before and have even blogged about in the past. I stated then that:
Do I endorse drunk driving? NO, does anyone really think its right to drink and drive? I don't know, maybe. If someone causes harm or damage to property then they should have to make that right. If you choose to drive under the influence over and over; I hope you're able to live up to the accountability you will face when something goes wrong. By replacing the damaged goods for the actions that took place after drinking and driving. If you have a loved one who is doing such acts, I hope you step up and take action. Telling this person how you feel and that the risk is not worth it.
Besides the fact that you can't prevent crime (something I learned in Minority Report – thanks Tom Cruise), which is my point above, DUI checkpoints are used as the excuse to pull you over. The city or police departments pitch it as a “keep the roads safe” program. Yet, does it really keep people safe? At least ten officers spent about four hours in ONE spot looking for drunk people. Even if we hadn't CopBlocked the checkpoint, word would have gone around exposing the location. If the goal was to keep the roads more safe, wouldn't the officer's time be better spent mobile? Or maybe the taxpayers – federal taxpayers, checkpoints are often federally funded via grants – could have saved money by not having one at all?
On top of that, officers routinely ticket drivers for damaged windshields, broken exhausts or a number of vehicle ‘violations' that have nothing to do with drinking and driving. Manchester Police Officers in this video were writing down licenses plate numbers. They claimed they weren't ‘running' them but “just writing them down”. Oh, isn't that nice to know. Besides the obvious flaws in such police programs, is it ok to violate the rights of everyone to catch a few drunk drivers?
Should we punish people, with a fine or jail, who don't harm anyone else? Can the state be a victim? Who is harmed when the police arrest you, without damage to another's property, for DUI? How can they be sure they prevented an accident? What if all the police did was prevented a person from getting home, going to work and continuing to feed their families? That's more likely to happen than the prevention of accidents or crimes.
59 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Image caption Huge amounts of data gathered by telescopes will be analysed in home computers around the world
Idle home computers are being sought to help search through mountains of astronomical data.
The Skynet project involves using the spare processing capacity of computers as a giant, distributed supercomputer.
PCs joining Skynet will scour the data for sources of radiation that reveal stars, galaxies and other cosmic structures.
People who process the most data could win a visit to one of the observatories gathering data for the project.
Star searchers
The Skynet project is being run by the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research (ICRAR) and it is seeking the help of thousands of PCs to analyse data.
One of the sources of data will be the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) that will use thousands of dish antennas to create the most sensitive sky watching instrument ever made.
A decision about where to build the £1.5bn SKA will be made in February 2012 and it will be sited in either Australia or South Africa.
While it will have its own cadre of supercomputers to analyse data, the SKA is expected to produce so much information that a system to filter this down to the most interesting samples will be needed. Skynet will be part of that large-scale filtering system.
"As we design, develop and switch on the next generation of radio telescopes, the supercomputing resources processing this deluge of data will be in increasingly high demand," said Professor Peter Quinn, director of ICRAR in a statement.
"SkyNet aims to complement the work already being done by creating a citizen science computing resource that radio astronomers can tap into and process data in ways and for purposes that otherwise might not be possible," they added.
Prior to the SKA being built and switched on, the computers joining ICRAR's Skynet will crunch data from current radio astronomy research projects.
Those signing up to help will download a small program that will get a computer looking through data when that PC is not being used for anything else.
ICRAR said the Skynet program was small and should not slow down any PC it is running on. Also, it said, data would be split into small packets to ensure it did not swamp a participant's net connection.
Distributed computing projects that harness idle machines are a well-established way of scouring through research data. One of the earliest looked through radio signals for evidence of extra-terrestrial intelligence.
More recent projects simulate protein folding and help physicists search for the Higgs boson - the missing piece of what is known as the Standard Model, the most widely accepted theory of particle physics.
Visitors of a Danish art installation in Berlin were shocked to see images of two Islamic terrorists between images of Socrates and Martin Luther King.
The exposition in Berlin is called the “Martyr Museum” and shows images of Paris attacker Omar Ismail Mostefai and 9/11 terrorist Mohammed Atta.
During the Paris terrorist attack in November 2016, Muslim terrorists murdered 130 people and injured 413. On September the 11th in 2001, 2,977 people were killed in New York, after terrorists deliberately flew two planes into both towers of the World Trade Center.
Germany: “Martyr Museum” includes Mohamed Atta and Paris jihad murderer with Martin Luther King and Socrates https://t.co/0aw3br58Yl pic.twitter.com/vVMcdEi8pT — Robert Spencer (@jihadwatchRS) December 5, 2017
According to The Local France, The French embassy in Berlin expressed “consternation” and said it found the decision to include the attackers “deeply shocking”. While keeping in mind our attachment to the freedom of artistic creation, we strongly condemn the confusion here between martyrdom and terrorism,” it said in a statement.
The Martyr exposition opened last week and Germany's AfD party has now launched criminal proceedings against it.
Top brass gathered in Washington, D.C., recently to review the Army's latest war games. What does war look like in 2030? (Hint: it's not that different than today). By Stephanie Gaskell
Even with new innovations and evolving threats, the Army's vision of what war might look like and the challenges they would face in the year 2030 isn't all that different than today.
Army leaders recently conducted a “deep future” war game to play out a military conflict 15 years from now, coined “Unified Quest,” and held at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle Barracks, Pa. Defense One was invited to listen in as dozens of Army brass and civilian and foreign counterparts conducted an after-action review at the National Defense University in Washington, D.C.
Here's the scenario they used: There's been a chemical attack inside the United States and the terrorists responsible for the deadly attack are from a nuclear-armed landlocked nation surrounded by some less-than-supportive neighbors.
The U.S. military has strong ties with one of the enemy's bordering neighbors, who also happens to have a port, and through a “coalition of willing” and a U.N. Security Council vote approving military action, others bordering nations offer access as well. The Marines swoop in, followed by several divisions of a now smaller Army. Navy ships steam toward the region.
The U.S. is still facing budget constraints in 2030 and the Army and is leaner, “doing more with less,” but there have been investments in new innovations on the battlefield in the Army's “best-case” scenario. There are ground combat vehicles that weigh just 30 tons, helicopters that can fly faster and longer, extended-range missiles and ammunition with advanced sensors, hybrid-powered rechargeable equipment and a massive vertical lift aircraft capable of moving an entire battalion.
(Read more about the future of defense and national security by downloading our new app)
It takes the Army 15 days to get in. Their mission is to secure and stabilize the enemy's cache of chemical weapons. There's plenty of combat, but within 24 days, there's a cease-fire and the WMDs are secured, yet the enemy regime remained in power. (The war game ended there and did not address whether U.S. soldiers stayed to hold their gains or do any post-conflict nation-building operations or simply turned around and went home.) There were major shortages of fuel, however, and being lighter and more maneuverable paid off at first, but the Army's tail quickly became difficult to build and sustain.
That was one scenario.
But knowing that most of these imagined and costly new weapons and vehicles are unlikely to debut on the battlefield in the next years, the Army simultaneously war gamed a second 2030 scenario without their wish list. The results were markedly different. This time, the Army took about seven weeks to enter the imaginary country, and after 85 days of combat, the WMDs were lost.
What's interesting to note is that the enemy the Army sees itself fighting at all. Despite the Pentagon's much-touted pivot to the Asia-Pacific region, the Army's future adversary resembles Syria and Pakistan more than China or North Korea. The 2030 war game isn't all that different from what unfolded this summer as President Obama stared down the Assad regime after it used chemical weapons. While there was never a threat of putting American boots on the ground and no direct attack against the United States, many of the challenges are the same.
Army leaders said being lighter and faster helps. “Speed created more time to make decisions,” one official said. One lesson learned: the Army wants to move faster at setting up secure communications without all the bulky equipment that comes with it. One official said they want to find a way to harness private-sector capabilities with military-grade security, a future where a soldier can talk to their commanders with just an iPhone. “Al Qaeda is doing it. Hezbollah is doing it. They leverage existing networks. Five to six years from now, that's what I want,” one official said. “That's the kind of innovation we need.” The problem, even in 2030, is logistics. What's the point of having 21st century equipment when you have 20th century logistics, said another official.
The Army of the future also sees its soldiers serving repeated rotations in the same geographic regions to boost their expertise; linguistics will be a key skill, as well. Another key to success the Army already knows will be to build and maintain strong ties with militaries around the world, so when a crisis erupts they're already there. And even if a 30-ton vehicle or a vertical lift that can move a battalion probably won't be available in 15 years, the Army knows it must innovate and reshape after fighting two long, massive ground wars. The enemy might not be that different in 2030, but the economic climate has changed. “We have no choice to innovate,” one leader said, “because of the budget.”
[Eds Note: A previous version of this story said the Army took five days in one scenario and four weeks in the other scenario to get enter enemy territory. It took 15 days and seven weeks, respectively.]
A federal judge late Monday halted President Obama's deportation amnesty, ruling they overstepped their powers in trying to grant legal status and “benefits and privileges” to millions of illegal immigrants, in a stunning decision that chides the president and throws the White House's plans into disarray just a day before applications were to be accepted. The White House said it will appeal Judge Andrew S. Hanen's decision, but it's unclear whether the case could reach the circuit court in New Orleans or even the Supreme Court before Wednesday, which is when the Homeland Security Department had planned to begin accepting the first applications under the new amnesty. “The DHS was not given any ‘discretion by law' to give 4.3 million removable aliens what the DHS itself labels as ‘legal presence,'” Judge Hanen wrote in issuing an injunction. “In fact, the law mandates that these illegally-present individuals be removed. The DHS has adopted a new rule that substantially changes both the status and employability of millions. These changes go beyond mere enforcement or even non-enforcement of this nation's immigration scheme.” [Federal Judge Halts Obama Amnesty; White House to Appeal, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, February 17, 2015]
Safe to say that the President did not see this coming.Needless to say, a President who has already violated the law is not going to be stopped by a judge issuing a ruling. But the ruling will stiffen the spine of Republicans to stand against Obama's Unilateral Amnesty and draw more attention to an issue that the Administration was obviously trying to present as a fait accompli.
Speaker John Boehner is using the ruling to dig in their heels on the upcoming showdown of funding the Department of Homeland Security.
A few days ago it was revealed that Google is forwarding controversial settlement demands from copyright holders to its subscribers. Responding to the news, Google says the notices are forwarded in an effort to be as transparent as possible. However, the company adds that targeting individual downloaders isn't the best way to solve piracy.
In recent years it has become more common for copyright holders to include settlement offers in the takedown notices that are sent to Internet providers.
While most large ISPs prefer not to forward these demands, Google Fiber decided it would.
A few days ago we highlighted the issue in an article. Before publication we reached out to Google for a comment, but initially the company didn't reply. Now, a week after our first inquiry Google has sent a response.
Google explains that it's forwarding the entire takedown notice including the settlement offers in an effort to be as transparent as it can be.
“When Google Fiber receives a copyright complaint about an account, we pass along all of the information we receive to the account holder so that they're aware of it and can determine the response that's best for their situation,” a Google spokesperson tells TF.
This suggests that the transparency is seen by Google as more important than protecting customers against threatening and sometimes inaccurate notices. Overall, however, Google notes that targeting pirates directly is not the best solution to deal with the issue.
“Although we think there are better solutions to fighting piracy than targeting individual downloaders, we want to be transparent with our customers,” Google's spokesperson adds.
Google doesn't say what these better options are, but previously the company noted that piracy is mainly a pricing and availability problem.
While transparency is often a good thing, in this case it doesn't necessarily help Google Fiber customers. After receiving the notice they can either pay up or ignore it. If they choose the latter generally nothing happens, but recent history shows that there's a legal risk involved.
Last week the news broke that Rotten Records, one of the companies which sends settlement requests to ISPs, sued Comcast subscribers for ignoring these infringement notices.
With the possibility of false accusations, it would probably be in the customers' best interest if ISPs ignored the notices entirely, which some do.
Coronet is to publish a sequel to Graham Hancock's Fingerprints of the Gods, which was published 20 years ago.
Coronet is to publish a sequel to Graham Hancock's Fingerprints of the Gods, which was published 20 years ago.
Fingerprints of the Gods was a “radical re-evaluation of man's past” and has sold nine million copies worldwide since its 1995 release, said Coronet.
To coincide with the 20th anniversary, Hancock has written Magicians of the Gods, which is “set to reveal explosive new research and evidence to support their sensational claims of a lost civilisation”.
Coronet said: “Recent scientific and archaeological discoveries support Hancock's disturbing thesis of a massive global cataclysm in the window between 13,000 and 12,000 years ago, around the end of the last Ice Age, that wiped out and destroyed almost all traces (except the 'fingerprints') of a great global civilisation of prehistoric antiquity.”
Coronet publisher Mark Booth acquired British and Commonwealth rights to the book from Sonia Land at Sheil Land Associates.
They said: “I am thrilled to be publishing Graham's new book. When it comes to books that challenge the historical paradigm Fingerprints of the Gods has dominated the skyline for 20 years. Now in Magicians of the Gods it has its twin pillar.”
Hancock said: “When I published Fingerprints of the Gods in 1995 I didn't expect the immensely enthusiastic public response to the book or the furious academic backlash that followed. Twenty years on, however, Fingerprints has weathered all attempts to ‘debunk' it and powerful scientific evidence has emerged to support the case it makes for a great lost civilization destroyed by a global cataclysm at the end of the last Ice Age. It's because this evidence is so compelling, and so new, with such revolutionary implications for our understanding of history, that I've written Magicians of the Gods.”
Coronet will publish on 10th September as a £20 hardback.
UPDATE: At a press conference that just concluded, law enforcement officials revealed that the two handguns were purchased by the shooters, but the long guns (the rifles) were not. So while the media will tell you the guns were purchased legally, they were not USED legally: this is called a "straw purchase" and it is illegal. We also learned that there were high -capacity magazine at the scene -- and hicapmags are also illegal in California. Additionally, law enforcement officials were not certain if the AR15 was California legal. So in other words, a bunch of existing gun laws were broken during this massacre. Remember that when President Obama and their motley crew of gun controllers demand even more firearms laws under the guise of preventing gun violence.
________
It didn't take long for calls for gun control to start following the horrific massacre in San Bernardino by Syed Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik. The motive for the massacre has escaped our law enforcement officials as of this writing.
But "moments after the news broke of the shooting," Obama spoke to CBS News and called for "common sense gun safety laws" and also urged lawmakers to prevent people on the "No Fly List" from legally purchasing firearms. (As an aside, people on the No Fly List have not been adjudicated of anything, so that presents a whole range of civil liberty issues.)
"We don't yet know what the motives of the shooters are but what we do know is that there are steps we can take to make Americans safer," Obama said in the interview. "We should never think that this is just something that just happens in the ordinary course of events because it doesn't happen with the same frequency in other countries."
Obama said U.S. mass shootings have "no parallel anywhere else in the world" although less than two weeks ago, a group of Islamic terrorists shot and killed exponentially more innocent people in Paris.
So let's talk about "common sense gun laws."
California has very restrictive firearms laws, probably the most restrictive in America. The laws are so restrictive that gun manufacturers have to make guns specifically for California. Many gun dealers or manufacturers just don't do business in California at all. It's a pain in the ass. Here's a great piece discussing the firearms laws in California by Brian Doherty at Reason.
According to recent reports, two of the four firearms used in the massacre were purchased legally and law enforcement is still tracing the two handguns. The L.A. Times writes, "The guns were bought by an individual associated with the investigation, Davis said but declined to name the person."
UPDATE: ABC News just tweeted out that all four guns were purchased legally, but 2 of the guns were not purchased by the users, which means they were used illegally.
JUST IN: All 4 guns used in #SanBernardino shooting were purchased legally and 2 were purchased by the shooters, law enforcement sources say — ABC News (@ABC) December 3, 2015
We don't know who bought the guns but if "an individual associated with the investigation" isn't the one using the gun, then it looks like this could have been a straw purchase. And while guns were legally purchased, we don't know if they were legally used. Also we don't know what capacity magazines were involved. Was it more than 10? Because that is illegal in California.
If these two murderers passed background checks and waited the 10 days that are required according to CA law, what other "common sense" laws could we consider? One important "common sense" law we do have here in America is the prohibition against murder. That law didn't stop these killers, why would we think more gun laws would be respected?
But when pressed for specificity about "common sense" restrictions on firearms, we don't hear much about a plan to stop gun violence. Following the California paradigm, where most assault-style weapons and high-capacity magazines are straight out illegal, what additional restrictions are we missing? A longer waiting period? Background checks that include more information? What kind of information other than criminal history should be included in a background check?
So really? What's the plan? You know, the "common sense" one that doesn't involve a total ban on firearms?
<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->London: Tony Abbott has touted a meeting with the British Minister David Cameron on social media during their trip to the United Kingdom, the latest meeting with a world leader publicised by Mr Abbott since being ousted as prime minister.
News Corp's Daily Telegraph, a media outlet favoured by the former Australian leader during their short time in the top job, published an exclusive story about their meeting late on Thursday evening, accompanied by what looked to be an amateur photograph of Mr Abbott and Mr Cameron which News Corp captioned as "supplied".
Tony Abbott meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron. Credit:Tony Abbott Twitter
A short time later, the same image was uploaded onto Mr Abbott's official Twitter and Facebook accounts, with a caption stating it had been "good to catch up".
OAKLAND — A developer's plans to develop a blighted warehouse in West Oakland which has been a point of controversy for years into 102 live/work units are moving forward, with the goal of offering most of the previous tenants a place to live in the new building.
The project at 1919 Market St. has been through many hurdles since developer oWow, run by Danny Haber, purchased it in June 2016; it's slated to break ground early 2018 and finish within 16 months. Before the purchase, it was red-tagged by the city, causing the previous tenants to have to leave. Haber later had it partially demolished to make way for new construction.
The warehouse was controversial both before Haber bought it and afterward. Before they came in, the warehouse was pervaded with code violations. Before purchasing the building in June, Haber and their team managed the property, and attempted to work with the city to fix the problems over time and keep the tenants living there, they said. But city inspectors deemed the building uninhabitable and red-tagged it.
Critics have accused Haber of using the building's blighted condition as a reason to kick out the tenants, allowing wealthier tenants to move in once it's renovated.
Haber, in an interview with the Oakland Tribune, said their company worked with the tenants to relocate them either temporarily or permanently, and shelled out about $200,000 in “relocation packages” to get them housed — before they had actually purchased the building.
“In the end, not everybody's going to be happy,” Haber said. “But we did it in a way where people could work with us instead of having to do court battles and the city being really angry with us.”
The project is aimed at providing workforce housing — housing for people who make 60 to 120 percent of the area median income, Haber said. The area median income for a one-person household in 2017 was $68,200, according to the city's website.
Haber said they intend to accomplish that by building “high-density” units with three bedrooms each, allowing families and groups of people to move in.
Real estate agent Kenneth Sessions lived at 1919 Market for years before it was red-tagged, and had operated their businesses out of their loft, they told the Oakland Tribune.
Sessions said they were paying $1,500 a month for their 2,000-square-foot loft, and wouldn't expect to find anything comparable. They said he's excited to move back in at an affordable rate, though they may have less space.
“I couldn't have expected anybody to treat me better,” Sessions said. “They paid me quite a bit of money to relocate and offered me the opportunity to come back.”
Other former tenants weren't happy with their outcomes. Joy Newhart, who aspired to run a dance studio out of their loft at 1919 Market, was driven to homelessness and had to move out of Oakland when the building was red-tagged, they said at a Planning Commission meeting in October.
“Danny Haber came along and stole my building,” Newhart said. “It took me 13 months to find a place to live. I couldn't afford to stay in Oakland, I'm no longer living in Oakland. … I want my home back.”
Newhart filed a complaint with the Alameda County District Attorney's Office in November 2015 over the city ordering gas and electric services to be shut off, they told the Oakland Tribune via email.
Tenants of 1919 Market and oWow's other developments spoke at that meeting in both support and opposition of the company after a report on the company's Oakland projects requested by the Oakland Warehouse Coalition was presented.
After the meeting, the planning department approved the design review for the project, Haber said.
The coalition's executive director Jonah Strauss' request for the report alleged that Haber and their team removed tenants “with a variety of pressure, buyout and eviction tactics, documented in multiple lawsuits.”
Haber has maintained that their company worked alongside tenants and their lawyers to provide “amicable solutions for relocation,” they said in a written response to Strauss' letter included in the report. Haber also said relocation fees that were provided to the tenants were “significantly more than is required by city housing regulations,” and that all the tenants' lawyers signed a statement saying oWow fully complied with them.
Strauss, in the letter, expressed concern over partial demolition of the building “without advance environmental precautions.” Alameda County Environmental Health stopped the construction in October 2016 so that environmental impacts could be investigated.
Haber's company, per the county's recommendation, hired an environmental consultant to assess sub-grade contamination and the construction's effects on the neighborhood.
“We have worked with Alameda County Environmental Health agency in a voluntary remedial action agreement before we even took over the project for well over the last year, spending close to $200,000 in testing and site management plans,” Haber told the Oakland Tribune.
The testing data showed a “relatively low chemical impact,” Haber said in their response letter to the OWC. A few known plumes of tetrachloroethylene, trichloroethylene and benzene were found to be slightly above environmental screening level thresholds, they said.
Nearby residents have expressed mixed feelings about the project and its potential impacts on the neighborhood.
Jon Axtell, who lives across the street, said neighbors' concerns are both environmental and social.
“There's a great sense of distrust among certain neighbors of this developer, whether or not they keep their promises, and the lack of any kind of review process,” Axtell said in an interview.
Some neighbors are concerned that the project is intended to house tech workers, who they believe will be there for short stints of time and shift the neighborhood's demographic, Axtell said.
Haber said that's not the project's intent.
“If our goal was to appeal to techies we would have built as many small studio apartments as we could,” Haber said. “However, with our building macro apartments of three bedrooms we can appeal to families, or groups of friends that are local in the neighborhood, affordable workforce housing so we can keep Oakland, Oakland.”
Susan Freeman, whose adult children own homes near 1919 Market, welcomes it. They believe the neighborhood “dodged a bullet” in that the warehouse is being built into workforce housing, and not a market-rate high-rise.
“If somebody else took over, they could have seen it as a valuable piece of land and put up a real monstrosity,” Freeman said. “It couldn't stay the way it was.”
Donald Trump continues to rack up restaurant world lawsuits. A suit filed against the President and their Trump International Hotel in Washington, DC has gained two new plaintiffs according to the Washington Post: Restaurant Opportunities Center United (ROC), a restaurant workers lobbying group, and Jill Phaneuf, an independent contractor who books events at hotels for visiting officials and politicians, have joined the suit that claims Trump has taken business away from independent restaurants and hotels by hosting politicians and foreign officials at the Trump Hotel — and is pocketing the cash.
In taking the money of foreign officials who have stayed and dined at their hotel, Trump appears to be in violation of the Constitution's emoluments clause, in that they are profiting off of government business.
“We need an administration that follows the Constitution.”
Earlier this year, before Donald Trump dropped two deadly bombs on Syria and Afghanistan, they were sued for violating the Constitution's emoluments' clause, as Vox reported.
ROC United wrote in a release that it “is proud” to have joined the suit “against the Trump Administration for its blatant violation of the foreign emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution. The Administration's conflicts of interest are glaring and dangerous. As a hotel and restaurant owner, the President puts restaurateurs and restaurant workers nationwide at a disadvantage, pushing foreign dignitaries and governments to patronize their establishments over others.”
Though they themselves have not joined the suit, Top Chef judge and restaurateur Tom Colicchio expressed their support of ROC's involvement in the suit. “As a national restaurateur with restaurants in hotels in NY, Florida, and Las Vegas, and as a proud member of RAISE (Restaurants Advancing Industry Standards Everywhere),” they wrote in a statement, “I am proud and supportive that ROC United, RAISE's parent organization, has joined the lawsuit holding Mr. Trump accountable for emoluments violations.”
“It's not a free market, or a free country, when foreign governments feel like they have to eat and patronize Trump hotels and restaurants because he's the president of the United States,” Saru Jayaraman, ROC United co-founder and co-director, told the Washington Post. “I mean, that's why the emoluments clause was written.”
Trump addressed the emoluments clause violations in January — not by divesting from their businesses, but by issuing a statement saying they would donate money paid to the hotel by foreign entities to the federal government. Director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics Walter M. Shaub expressed their disapproval with that plan in a hearing: "The plan does not comport with the tradition of our Presidents over the past 40 years. This isn't the way the Presidency has worked since Congress passed the Ethics in Government Act in 1978 in the immediate aftermath of the Watergate scandal.” Shaub urged the President to divest.
“We need a President who puts the success and security of the American people ahead of their own financial interests and those of their fellow elites,” Jayaraman wrote in a statement, “What's more, we need an administration that follows the Constitution.”
Jill Phaneuf, a contractor who books events for two Washington, DC hotels and is paid on commissions, said they “joined this lawsuit because the president is taking business away from me and others with unfair business practices that violate the Constitution.”
Trump was also sued by Cork Wine Bar, a restaurant in D.C., last month for unfair competition and violation of their Trump Hotel lease agreement. That suit, filed by D.C.-based watchdog group the Center for Responsible Ethics in Washington (CREW), called out the President's habit of conducting official government business at the Trump International Hotel, located a five minute drive east of the White House. It outlined the ways in which the plaintiffs, Cork's owners Diane Gross and Khalid Pitts, lost business from visiting politicians who have been courted by the president to join them at their hotel.
“We have events we do [at our wine bar] for elected officials, nonprofits, foreign dignitaries, the World Bank, law firms,” Gross told the Washington Post at the time. “Those folks are now being courted to come and want to go there because they see it as advantageous to them to curry favor with the president.”
The emoluments' suit, filed in January, is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.
• Two plaintiffs join suit against Trump, alleging breach of emoluments clause [WaPo]
• D.C. Restaurant Sues Donald Trump, Trump Hotel for Unfair Competition [E]
• The new lawsuit accusing Donald Trump of violating the Constitution, explained [Vox]
