What did it take to go to jail and be fined a minimum of $50,000 per day ? Show bare breasts, or write about playing with them on the Internet. Or, provide medical info for free. Where, in Iran? Nope, right here in the US – until Wednesday.
COPA (Child Online Protection Act), a knee-jerk law passed in the 1990's has finally died of natural causes on January 21st, when the Supreme Court pronounced it unconstitutional in a narrow 5-4 decision. They also in effect said “and don't bother us with this anymore”, refusing to have the case revisited in the future.
I'm all for protecting the kiddies from “material harmful to minors”, but COPA was a vague legal exercise leaving everyone open to selective prosecution. Kinda like the US sodomy laws (defunct 2003), or the statutory rape laws which try to send teens to jail for having consensual sex, (apparently, if they're of the “wrong” color) as in 2004 Dixon v. State. Come on – how many of you had a blow job in the last month? Whoever didn't get fresh in the back seat in high school, raise your hand! Really?
Such laws make everyone guilty, allowing the government to prosecute you at will – all they need is not to like what you're saying, or what you look like. A bad idea. COPA used such terms as “community standards” to determine what's illegal. This is not about porn – anything “harmful to minors” according to community standards, someplace, would qualify, including safer sex info, Salon articles and the reproductions of classical art. To take it to a ridiculous extreme, this *could* mean that a community of Christian Scientists could sue WebMD for providing information about medical treatments to their children.
On a more realistic note, my sexy escort directory, for example, could have been in a heap of trouble. We show photos of sexy women (and some men and/or TSs), and a good number of photos are (the horror of horrors!) topless. Except for our lovely Erotic Art gallery, totally without the “redeeming value”… but a heap of fun!
We always did our civic duty of registering with child-blocking programs, including mature content meta tags, posting warnings and such, in order to give people a choiceto avoid our content. But just like WebMD, our site is free, and because of it the blocking has to ultimately be done on the user side. According to COPA, I could have been fined $50,000 a day for each instance of delightful naughtiness – with all the ads & the erotic art gallery, in a ballpark of million bucks per day. I wish I had a hundredth of that :-/.
You might not like the content of my web site, but the 5,000+ visits/day show that the tens of thousands of other adults do – and the Constitution guards their right to see what they please (as long as it's not “obscene”, whatever *that* means… but that's another rant).
By the way, have you noticed that the most of the “child protection” lawsuits end up being about sex? If I had a kid, I'd be more worried about him/her seeing people being beat up, beheaded and blown to pieces, or learning how to build a fire starting laser out of a flashlight, than finding out about the birds and bees.
A network of patriot groups from across the Northwest issued a call Thursday morning for supporters to flood into Burns.
The request for help came on the heels of the Wednesday night arrest of Jason Patrick, a Georgia roofer who had emerged as a leader among the remaining occupiers of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge after the takeover's key planners, including Ammon Bundy and Ryan Payne, were taken into law-enforcement custody.
Bundy, Payne and several others were arrested Tuesday during a traffic stop in which occupation spokesperson Robert "LaVoy" Finicum was killed. The deadly confrontation happened as Bundy and the others were on their way to John Day, about 70 miles from Burns, for a community meeting.
Several other people linked to the occupation have since been taken into custody at other locations.
Only a handful of occupiers remained at the bird sanctuary Thursday morning when the Pacific Patriot Network issued its call for support.
The group's members had helped persuade Patrick to leave the refuge, said Joseph Rice, a founding member from Grants Pass.
The FBI had assured them that Patrick would be given safe passage out of the area, Rice said Wednesday night.
They described the FBI taking Patrick into custody at a nearby checkpoint as a betrayal.
On Thursday morning, BJ Soper, a founding member of the group from Redmond, echoed the sentiment on Facebook and called for a dramatic response.
"The events of the last few days in burns have culminated into a lot of massive frustration and anger," Soper wrote.
"The lies and mistrust used to arrest Jason Patrick last night were dirty and caused any trust left in the tank with the fbi to be lost," they said.
Soper called for thousands of people to converge on Burns peacefully to tell the FBI to leave.
"We need not hundreds, but thousands to come here," they wrote. "I am asking for any and all to come."
Soper told The Oregonian/OregonLive that their group is planning a Saturday protest.
They said they will try to maintain public safety. But if the group numbers in the thousands, Soper said, "we can't guarantee anything."
The Pacific Patriots Network opposed the occupation, but has since set up a "buffer zone" around the refuge intended to prevent violence. Its members are largely from Oregon, Washington and Idaho.
The Northwest network's call for help came on top of an earlier invitation from Gary Hunt, a board member of Operation Mutual Defense who is from California.
The other board members of that group, a nationwide network of militias and patriot sympathizers, include Payne and Jon Ritzheimer, an occupation leader who surrendered to law enforcement Tuesday in Arizona.
Hunt's request came shortly after the fatal traffic stop, but they retracted it Thursday morning.
"Based on existing circumstance, support is too late, and would be dangerous, or at least result in your arrest if you attempted to get into the Refuge," Hunt wrote to their followers Thursday.
A majority of the Operation Mutual Defense board voted in October against taking action to support the Burns-area ranchers whose legal woes precipitated the wildlife refuge occupation, Hunt said.
The board came to that decision largely because the ranchers did not invite their help, members and one ex-member said.
-- Kelly House of The Oregonian/OregonLive contributed to this report.
-- Carli Brosseau
cbrosseau@oregonian.com
503-294-5121; @carlibrosseau
Activity lead Bobak Ferdowsi, center, wipes tears away after a successful landing inside the Spaceflight Operations Facility for NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity rover at Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., Sunday Aug. 5, 2012. (Brian van der Brug/Los Angeles Times-POOL)
Reddit users aren't the only ones who have a thing for Bobak Ferdowsi, the 32-year-old "Mohawk guy" who worked on NASA's Mars Curiosity rover landing. Monday, President Barack Obama joked he's been thinking about emulating him.
Ferdowsi was "one of the many stars of the show last Sunday night," when the rover landed, Obama said in a televised phone call with scientists of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab, the group who designed and landed the rover.
"In the past, I've thought about getting a mohawk myself, but my team keeps discouraging me," they joked. "Now that he's received marriage proposals and thousands of new Twitter followers, I'll have to go back to my team and see if it makes sense."
The $2.5 billion rover landed early last Monday morning and Ferdowsi quickly became the star of the show. The MIT graduate is JPL's flight director and quickly became an Internet sensation due to their stars-and-stripes red mohawk.
By nearly all accounts, the Curiosity mission has thus far been a resounding success. The rover has already beamed back several photos of the planet and is trying to detect life. Obama told the NASA scientists to keep them informed and that the Curiosity mission is "laying the groundwork … for a manned mission to the red planet."
"If in fact, you do make contact with Martians, please let me know right away," they said. "I've got a lot of things on my plate, but if there is [life on Mars], I suspect that'll go to the top of my list."
Jason Koebler is a science and technology reporter for U.S. News & World Report. You can follow them on Twitter or reach them at jkoebler@usnews.com
Check out U.S. News Weekly: an insider's guide to politics and policy.
Doctors at the University of Kansas Hospital used surgical 'superglue' to treat an infant suffering from a hemorrhaging brain aneurysm. KSHB's Jadiann Thompson reports.
A 3-week-old girl was recovering Tuesday from life-saving brain surgery after Kansas surgeons used a sterile surgical glue to seal the infant's bleeding aneurysm.
Ashlyn Julian has shown no complications from the June 5 procedure at The University of Kansas Hospital in Kansas City, Kan., and may go home as soon as next week, doctors say. Them surgeons described the baby as looking “pink” and “healthy” and bundled “like a small burrito.”
The surgery — a delicate dance of hand movements inside the tiniest of brains — is believed to mark the first time glue has been used to repair an aneurysm in an infant less than a month old, the hospital said.
“I didn't know for sure if we could get to the aneurysm, to be honest,” said Dr. Koji Ebersole, an endovascular neurosurgeon who painstakingly delivered the dollop of glue to the precise spot of the leak using a micro-catheter the size of lead inside a mechanical pencil.
Surgical adhesive — a compound similar to store brand Super Glue — is commonly used in brain procedures, mainly in adults. But the Kansas doctors called the precise fusing of Ashlyn's brain bleeds a “once-in-a-career case.” The cause of their aneurysm remains unknown.
Ebersole and their colleague, Dr. Alan Reeves, an interventional neuroradiologist, inserted the micro-catheter into one of the baby's leg arteries then wormed it up and through their body and, eventually, into their brain, watching it constantly through an X-ray monitor.
The catheter carried a micro-wire, slightly larger than a human hair, which Ebersole ultimately used to dab the glue onto the aneurysm.
They had less than 10 seconds to apply the adhesive then retrieve the micro-wire back into the catheter. After all, the stuff is just like Super Glue, the doctors said.
“That's a tricky part,” Reeves said “You only are allowing yourself literally a few seconds. The people who don't allow themselves that (time) glue the catheter to the brain. And that's not something anybody is proud of.
“That's something Dr. Ebersole was hyper-aware of as the glue was being pushed through the catheter: the exact amount of working time that's afforded with glue. You have a very short window,” Reeves added.
What happens if a catheter ever becomes super-glued to a patient's brain?
“At that point, the only recourse is just to cut the catheter off at the leg,” Reeves said.
The glue will turn into a scar and eventually dissolve, leaving the aneurysm sealed, said Ebersole, who added: “It's too soon to say for sure, but I feel strongly that they can proceed to have a normal life.”
One of the pioneers of using glue to repair brains was New York City neurology professor Dr. Alejandro Berenstein, who says they have healed the brains of hundreds of children with tiny dots of glue. (None of them were babies less than one-month-old who had been diagnosed with aneurysms — a condition marked only 17 times in medical literature).
“Probably, if I've done anything good in my life is treated these babies with the vein of Galen (malformation), practically a lethal disease,” Berenstein, a professor of radiology, neurology, and neurosurgery at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine the Bronx, N.Y., said in a 2011 TEDMED talk. That malformation is a blood-bubble in the brain and can congest the heart or crush the brain, they said.
“We treat it now with this fancy, sophisticated acrylic. All of you know this thing. We call it Krazy Glue,” Berenstein said in their TEDMED lecture.
The surgical version of the glue cements “the short circuit” between the artery and a corresponding vein, Berenstein said. “We have reconstructed the normal anatomy and got rid of this big bubble. These kids used to die. … We've gotten over 250 of these kids treated already and about 70 or 80 percent of them, we get them normal.”
When they wanted to use glue to treat their initial patient with that cerebral flaw, the hospital didn't carry the necessary acrylic.
“The first one,” they said, “we actually got it from the hardware store.”
Meanwhile, baby Ashlyn will spend a few more days having the fluids from the aneurysm drain away while their medical team watches.
"You can't even say thank you," Ashlyn's mother Gina Julian told KSHB-TV. "I mean, thank you is not enough, but, thank you."
Related:
To make up for pesky competition from the Internet, the owner of an Australian retail store is charging patrons $5 for “just looking”, in order to offset losses from shoppers who browse and then buy online. “If you're going to be asking bucketloads of questions, you've got to pay for the information,” said Celiac Supplies owner, Georgina, to the Brisbane Times, who asked that their last name not be published, after their store's policy inadvertently went viral and led to Internet infamy.
On their window, they posted the following notice:
“As of the first of February, this store will be charging people a $5 fee per person for “just looking.”
The $5 fee will be deducted when goods are purchased.
Why has this come about?
There has been high volume of people who use this store as a reference and then purchase goods elsewhere. These people are unaware our prices are almost the same as the other stores plus we have products simply not available anywhere else.
This policy is line with much other clothing, shoe and electronic stores who are also facing the same issue.”
According to the Times, 4 people have coughed up the $5, meaning their policy has earned a solid $20, which I'm sure is more than enough money to make up for harassing most of the customers who walk through them door.
Watch the full interview between the shop owner and the Brisbane Times below, complete with awesome Australian accents.
Long before Donald Trump and Michael Flynn split a case of Baltika #4s with Vladimir Putin on the nineteenth tee at Mar-a-Lago, FX's The Americans brought the Cold War back to the forefront of our cultural discourse. The series—featuring Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell as implanted Soviet spies Philip and Elizabeth Jennings in the 1980s DC suburbia—revisits an era of geopolitical tension from the perspective of socialist idealism, and creates an empathy and understanding for the “enemy” that is rarely seen in American art. As a story device, the Jennings clan—Philip, Elizabeth, and their children Paige (Holly Taylor) and Henry (Keidrich Sellati)—are not simply an exercise in post-Sopranos anti-heroism, but rather a thoughtful deconstruction of marriage filtered through second-wave feminism and the nuclear family of the '80s.
Television anti-hero offspring tend to be either forgettable (A. J. Soprano), replaceable (Bobby Draper), or surrogate (Jesse Pinkman). But Taylor's Paige demands a more prominent place in The Americans' narrative.  They are representative of the cultural and jingoistic propaganda that permeated the Cold War. They have been taught to love their parents and God, and to hate the Soviets and communism. Much like the viewer, Paige is being asked to consider them instilled patriotic bias while managing the inherent conflict of suburban teenagedom.  They are discovering herself, their sexuality, their beliefs. They have a boyfriend, the next door neighbor. Sure, their father is an FBI agent (Noah Emmerich), but which rebellious teen hasn't dated someone whose family seemed repugnant to their own?
As The Americans moves through its penultimate season, Taylor—and Paige—come of age on screen gracefully, in navigating the two most terrifying endurances of the 1980s: the perpetual fear of the Cold War ending in nuclear holocaust, and feathered hair.
Traditionally, TV teenaged roles are played by people in their twenties who have already experienced that transition to adulthood. But for you, Paige's coming of age has paralleled your own. Has it been difficult to live out those years on camera?
It's not difficult because I always kind of forget how old I am, in a weird way. Even though I'm a little bit older than Paige, I still felt similar to them I also wasn't far enough away that I really had to trace back and think about what it was like when I was a teenager; I'm only nineteen now. A lot of the feelings they have are still really relatable. Even though it's this huge fiasco and catastrophe that their parents are spies, and it's not something that people think they can relate to, there are so many relatable aspects to it. They like a boy but their parents don't like the boy—so many basic concepts underneath all the hugeness of it.
And how much do we know about our parents' lives while we're teenagers?
Yeah, exactly. You learn so much about everyone around you and you learn about yourself throughout those years, and I think Paige has a much more escalated experience of that, but still, [her story relies on] that same concept of adolescence and growing and learning.
Keri Russell was a Mouseketeer and then lived out their early twenties on Felicity. Are they a resource for dealing with the inherent complications of a public life on and off screen?
She's dealt with their fame and their career in such an admirable way. I don't see them as this famous person because she's so private, but at the same time, they seem so open and loving and accepting to everybody that you almost wonder how they can be so private while you feel so close to them It's been really nice to work with them and grow up around her, and see how they answer questions in interviews and strays away from [talking about] their personal life.
In many ways, Paige is a stand-in for the audience: She's an American by birth as well as culturally, and she's being asked to empathize with the people we've been taught are the enemy. Is that a fair representation of your role?
“I've had someone come to me in the middle of the street and point at my face, ‘I hate you!' and then they're like, ‘Not you—Paige. She's just the worst.'”
Definitely. That's why it's so weird to me when people really hate Paige, or they really want them to die, or to be broken up into a suitcase like [Annelise from the season three episode “Baggage”]. I'm like, “No, I'm in the position you're in!” I've had someone come to me in the middle of the street and point at my face, “I hate you!” and then they're like, “Not you—Paige. She's just the worst.”
People are like, “How could you not support your parents? They love you.” Well, how can you support my parents? They're the ones you've been taught to think of as the enemy for all these years! But now you watch one TV show and you love them and hate me because I'm a proud American? It's a testament to the writers and how they have [engendered] such a great paradigm shift within the audience that now they despise the [actual] Americans in the show.
It's an interesting time to be on a series that revisits the Cold War, given that US-Russian relations again dominate headlines. Is that something you and the show are aware of creatively or do you try to separate past from present?
I'm not sure how it goes in the writers' [room], but it's [not] something that we bring up. The show is so authentic to the 1980s and the Cold War that that's all you think about. You're in this era, there's no space to relate it or tie in the time period that is now. But I'm sure that as a viewer it's really easy to make those connections.
Those of us who grew up in the '80s will tell you that the fashion was horrible and the music was worse. In living through the '80s on the show, are there any artifacts of that era that you've come to identify with or appreciate?
I think the thing that I appreciate the most is that they don't all have cell phones. And Paige doesn't go home and tweet, “Oh, I wish my life was different.” They just has to deal with things herself. They read books and talks to their pastor, talks to their parents, instead of looking on the Internet and [googling]: “What do I do now that my parents are spies?” They have to deal with things in such a different way. Even in the spy world, Elizabeth can't text Philip, “I see someone coming around the corner!” They have to be so much more present and aware of the things around them.
Elizabeth and Paige Jennings are exceptionally strong women. In a patriarchal culture and industry, The Americans shows us the Cold War not just through a Soviet lens but a feminist one as well. It must be special, especially so early in your career, to be able to play a role and be part of a series that defies those patriarchal constructs.
That's one of my favorite parts about Paige. And that's why at first when they were bringing Matthew Beeman [Daniel Flaherty] back I was kind of angry. I'm so proud of the fact that I was one of the only teenage girls on TV who didn't have a boyfriend and their main problem wasn't the fact that the boy didn't like their back or something silly like that. They actually had real problems at home and she's smart and strong; I was über proud of that.
“I'm so proud of the fact that I was one of the only teenage girls on TV whose main problem wasn't the fact that the boy didn't like their back or something silly like that.”
With the self-defense that Elizabeth and Paige are [practicing]—you never see a mother teaching a daughter, it's always the father teaching self-defense and the more aggressive stuff. And [it's done] in such a cool way. We're not just like, “This is a feminist show, this man is weaker.” It's just that we're able to show that a woman can be really strong and a man can be really sensitive and that's OK—and they both do their jobs so well. It doesn't make Philip any less of a soldier.
I can't see it happening, given the artistic integrity of the series and the traditions of cable, but if The Americans were to have a spin-off featuring Paige in their twenties, what would it be about?
I would like to think it would be Paige working at the CIA. Maybe they got an internship from Stan and joined the Jennings family business, pulling a Martha [Hanson, played by Alison Wright] and gathering information. Hopefully their pants aren't as tight and their hair hasn't gotten any bigger, and she's lost the low ponytail they wear the entire fifth season.
The series is renewed for a sixth and final season. What do you want to do next?
I would love to do some kind of comedic something. The past few years, [I've been] doing way too many crying scenes. Comedy is what I trained in and I've always wanted to do more—just to try something different and show people that I smile. FL
When sociologists Donald E. Miller and Tetsunao Yamamori decided to study indigenous churches with active social programs in the developing world, they were astounded to find that the overwhelming majority of them were Pentecostal or charismatic. They studied the dynamic of Pentecostal social engagement further in their book Global Pentecostalism: The New Face of Christian Social Engagement in which the coined the term “Progressive Pentecostal”. PCPJ's Micael Grenholm asked Dr. Miller to expand on their findings in an email interview.
What does it mean to be a “Progressive Pentecostal”?
The stereotype about Pentecostals is that they are focused exclusively on salvation and not social transformation. In our research, this was a false dichotomy since we encountered many Pentecostal and charismatic congregations that were engaged with their local community, addressing issues related to poverty, drug addiction, mental illness, corruption, etc. It is relatively rare that Pentecostals are addressing social policy issues at a political level and, unfortunately, they have sometimes supported right-wing dictators.
However, as Pentecostals become more educated, they are beginning to understand the structural origins of poverty rather than simply responding to immediate needs related to food and shelter. Some of the social lift experienced by Pentecostals is indirect—they give up alcohol, womanizing and gambling, which then enables them to have surplus capital to invest in education or small scale businesses. Also, Pentecostals oftentimes move into management positions because they are deemed by employers to be honest and hardworking.
How prevalent is Progressive Pentecostalism globally?
Progressive Pentecostalism is more prominent in developing countries than it is in the Western world. The emphasis on the prosperity gospel overshadows the emergent phenomenon of Progressive Pentecostalism, although these two emphases are not mutually exclusive. For example, sometimes prosperity gospel preachers give members the courage to dream beyond their current circumstances, and this vision becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Also, it is important to acknowledge the ways in which Pentecostalism gives dignity to women and people who are poor, telling them that they are made in the image of God and therefore have rights, both personal and political.
Why are Pentecostals in the United States not as socially involved as many in the majority world?
The relative affluence of Americans makes them want even more material goods. Furthermore, there is an individualistic spirit that emphasizes a “bootstraps” mentality rather than the more communal-based commitment of many people in the Global South. The gospel ethic of compassion resonates with the poor. Getting even richer resonates with people in capitalist economies.
Do you think the public image on Pentecostal social engagement might change in the future?
The visionaries will come from the Global South, not the charlatans from the United States who have aligned with conservative political ideologies. The Pentecostal movement is extremely diverse. Many of the leaders have demonstrated that they have feet of clay, being embroiled in financial and sexual scandals. There is an opportunity for new voices to emerge who are Spirit-inspired, have values higher than material gain, and who have genuine compassion for the poor.
Donald E. Miller is Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California.
Inevitably whilst looking at Raleigh my attention has drifted to Bess Throckmorton; Raleigh's wife and the love of their life. From there my mind has wondered to Sir Nicholas Throckmorton, Bess's father. A man who seems to have been as outspoken as Raleigh themselves and regarded by the Spanish as ‘dangerously clever' – though that doesn't seem to have stopped them from getting into some unpleasant scrapes which ultimately ended with their disgrace.
Sir Nicholas served four Tudor monarchs as well as the Duke of Richmond, Henry Fizroy. Nicholas was related to Sir William Parr and at the time they were Fitzroy's chamberlain which explains Throckmorton's entry into such a prestigious household. Throckmorton's mother was Catherine Vaux of Harrowden and it was through them that the relationship to the Parr family came – meaning that Catherine Parr, Henry VIII's last wife was Throckmorton's cousin. Throckmorton was a younger son so they needed every family connection they could find if they were to make their way in the world.
Sir Nicholas's fortunes remained linked to those of the Parr family. They turned up on the Scottish Borders in the service of the Parr family just in time for the so-called Rough Wooing. They turned up in Scotland again in 1547. It was Nicholas Throckmorton who was sent south with the news that Protector Somerset had won the Battle of Pinkie.
Despite having gained their foothold in the rungs of the Tudor social and political ladder through their links to the Parrs and to Somerset they seem to have been unaffected by Admiral Seymour's goings on or indeed the fall of Somerset. In short Throckmorton was one of Edward VI's men and a good protestant to boot.
Their name appears on the device naming Lady Jane Grey queen but equally it is supposed to have been Throckmorton who sent word of Edward VI's death to Mary – perhaps a case of having their cake and eating it. It was only when Throckmorton began agitating about the restoration of Catholicism that they got themselves into trouble with Mary suggesting that they didn't hold their affirmation of Lady Jane Grey against him. The trouble was they aren't that keen on Mary's chosen husband, Philip of Spain and became involved with the Wyatt Plot.
In April 1555 they were charged with treason for their part in the plot. However, when they came to trial the jury acquitted them despite the judges hostility: a fact which didn't go down well with Mary who promptly had the jury incarcerated for nine months and heavily fined when they were eventually released.
Throckmorton took themselves off to France rather than face the possibility of any more of Mary's hospitality. They left their wife at home (she refused to live in France) but ultimately was allowed to return and take up government post. But by this point they were in correspondence with William Cecil and Princess Elizabeth, no doubt lining themselves up to serve their fourth Tudor. When Elizabeth came to the throne Throckmorton wrote suggesting who would be their best advisors and in 1560 when Cecil and Elizabeth were out of sorts with one another Cecil said they would depart from their role as Elizabeth's minister if Throckmorton replaced him.
Nicholas returned to France as ambassador from 1559-1562. It was their job to try and dissuade Mary, Queen of Scots, from displaying the arms of England. Throckmorton was also in France when the scandal of Elizabeth I's love for their Master of Horse Robert Dudley became laden with overtones of murder. Amy Robsart's death at Cumnor near Abingdon caused tongues to wag (Throckmorton wrote of “her neck” being broken “with other appurtenances” and Throckmorton didn't hesitate to describe what people were saying. They also announced that “Every hair of my head stareth!” Their letters to Cecil at this time are so distinctly undiplomatic that their friends warned them to write no further on the subject. Ironically it was the same Robert Dudley now Earl of Leicester who offered a final home to Throckmorton when they were disgraced for their part in trying to marry Mary Queen of Scots to the Duke of Norfolk but more of that shortly.
Throckmorton was ultimately undone by their regard for Mary Queen of Scots who he'd known since they were a child in France. They were sent to Scotland to prevent Mary from marrying Lord Darnley – not one of their greatest successes, though at least Elizabeth didn't have to send anyone to rescue them as had been the case when they were sent on a diplomatic mission to Catherine de Medici. They were also sent to negotiate for Mary's release when they were deposed but the Scottish nobles knew they were sympathetic to Mary so weren't terribly pleased to see him. Once Mary was imprisoned in England they plotted for them to marry the Duke of Norfolk. It appears that Throckmorton thought that if they were married and ‘respectable' then they could be released from captivity. They regarded a marriage to Norfolk as a safe marriage. They also thought that the Duke of Norfolk's proposal was in line with what the queen wished.
Unsurprisingly Throckmorton soon found themselves incarcerated; this time in Windsor Castle. Their actions were deemed foolish but not treasonous. They were released possibly because in the years since he'd objected to Elizabeth's marriage to Robert Dudley he'd become one of Dudley's political advisors. However, he'd also managed to remain on reasonably good terms with William Cecil because they wrote to Cecil begging for them to intercede with the queen. It should be added that it is quite possible that Cecil who was fiercely anti-Mary may well have shown Elizabeth the inflammatory letters which Throckmorton wrote when they were the English Ambassador in France.
Throckmorton's end was recorded by Robert Dudley;
We have lost on Monday our good friend Sir Nicholas Throckmorton, who died in my house, being there taken suddenly in great extremity on Tuesday before; their lungs were perished, but a sudden cold they had taken was the cause of their sudden death. God hath their soul, and we their friends great loss of their body.
They died in London on 12 Feb 1571 and was buried in the church of St. Catherine Cree, Aldgate. Their daughter Elizabeth known as Bess was one of Elizabeth's maids of honour and ultimately Bess would be banished from court having done their own stint in the Tower for daring to fall in love, something which their father had castigated the queen about many years earlier.
Here are pictures of what some school lunches might look like around the world. The images were created by Sweetgreen, the healthy salad chain with restaurants in DC, New York City, and Philadelphia. The pictures are examples of "some typical school meals around the world," according to Sweetgreen.
Here's what the restaurant says a school lunch in France might look like.
And Italy.
Here's Finland.
And Ukraine.
Brazil.
South Korea
Want some shrimp? Try Spain.
Finally, here's a shot of a typical US school lunch.
Admittedly, these lunches were prepared by an upper-scale farm-to-table restaurant, so they're at least a little bit prettier than what real lunches might look like. For a less stylized presentation of school lunches around the world, see this slideshow on Business Insider. Buzzfeed, too, has compiled a collection.
But even if Sweetgreen's images are doctored, the point being made is still noteworthy. American schoolchildren, in general, aren't as accustomed to eating the same fresh, healthy meals as some of their global neighbors. In the photo series above, the American meal includes chicken nuggets, peas, mixed fruit, mashed potatoes, and a cookie. While that satisfies certain federal guidelines for nutrition, there's plenty here (preservatives, processed sugar) that's less than ideal. Still, the meal doesn't look that bad.
Of course, as anyone who went to US public schools knows, the meals are rarely this aesthetically appealing.
Plenty of them look like this.
Had a very #healthylunch today. The apple definitely made up for the "mystery mush" #ThanksMichelleObama pic.twitter.com/RWCnQRCxJK — Hunter Whitney (@huntwhitney4) November 13, 2014
"Today, class, we'll be having brown."
For an explanation of the #ThanksMichelleObama hashtag, read this piece by Vox's Libby Nelson.
A recently formed foodbank – jointly run by Hounslow Council – have rules stating they will not help people with ‘chaotic' lifestyles or those who have had benefits sanctioned.
UPDATE: The foodbank have issued a response to this post which sadly fails to even address the policy not to give food to those who have had benefits sanctioned. It can be read at: http://hounslowfoodbox.org.uk/news/response-to-blog-critics/
Hounslow Community Foodbox was established as a partnership between local tenants and residents groups and Hounslow Council, and is chaired by Labour Party Councillor Steve Curran.
The foodbank claims to have been formed to help those condemned to poverty due to the vicious welfare reforms, but it seems those who have had benefits stopped completely will not be eligible for support.
Hundreds of thousands of benefit sanctions are currently being handed out every month with Jobcentre staff believed to be working to unofficial targets to stop as many claims as possible. Claimants can be sanctioned for something as simple as missing a meeting, being unable to attend workfare or in many cases not fully understanding the endlessly complex and draconian Jobseeking Activity conditions.
Unfortunately these claimants, who in some cases may be left without any income at all, will be left to go hungry by Hounslow Community Foodbox. The organisation also warns that they will not provide help to ” persons who are in constant difficulties due to chaotic lifestyles” stating that:
“FoodBox vouchers are for those who find themselves in a financial crisis which leaves them with insufficient means to buy food.
A crisis by its nature involves a change in circumstances, not a continuing lifestyle.”
This nasty policy reveals the danger of a welfare system based on charity and the accompanying Victorian values of a deserving and undeserving poor which leave the most marginalised abandoned.
It is impossible to know whether this policy began with the Hounslow Federation of Tenants and Residents Associations who seemed to initiate the project, or whether it came from the Labour Council who jumped on the bandwagon. It is also unknown how many foodbanks have similar judgemental policies.
It is a fucking disgrace that anyone should have to queue up at a foodbank for a few scraps of processed shite in one of the richest cities in the world. That those people should then be subject to moral judgement about their lifestyles or the reasons for their poverty is contemptible.
Foodbanks are currently collecting at supermarkets around the UK as the opportunist big stores are encouraging shoppers to buy food from them to give to the hungry. Those foodbanks who say they will not help people who have had benefits sanctioned should be shunned themselves by decent people everywhere.
Follow me on Twitter @johnnyvoid
Advertisements
NEWS FLASH!!! We reached our goal Tuesday morning, April 9th and people have kept on giving! Thank you! Making a film is expensive and in early morning discussions, our team decided to use any money over the $55,000 goal for our professional sound mix, color correction, and educational outreach. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
THE FILM AND WHY WE NEED YOUR SUPPORT!
Everybody enjoys a good love story. Our film promises many. Fifteen LGBTQ youth and their straight allies write an original script about romantic love, love of family, love of God, and perhaps the toughest, self love.
We are following a remarkable group of young people who are passionate about being queer, creative, and committed to justice. We have unlimited access to the award-winning True Colors: OUT Youth Theater, established in 1994 and committed to sharing stories written and performed by LGBTQ youth.
The troupe and its members tell inspiring stories, but until now, few outside the Boston area have had a chance to hear them. We want audiences everywhere to witness the spirited process of this theater troupe as it changes hearts and minds. Our film promises to share the authentic voices and struggles of the youth themselves, who model the importance of being out as they support each other falling in love, surviving breakups, and finding their true selves.
Most stories we hear in popular media portray life for LGBT youth as a guaranteed series of pitfalls that includes bullying, substance abuse, homelessness, and suicide. Even though the statistics about LGBT youth suicide rates (4 times more likely than straight youth) and dismal school safety records (3 time more likely to be threatened or injured with a weapon in school) are true, 100% of high school seniors who participated in True Colors have successfully graduated from high school in the last two years.
Difficult challenges are a reality in the lives of many LGBTQ youths, but we've seen so much more than that. Popular TV shows don't depict the tough, inspirational, everyday lives of these True Colors troupe members.
Our film honors the courage of being out and being an artist as troupe members face challenges with humor, grit, and a strong sense of identity and community.
YOU CAN JOIN OUR FILMMAKING TEAM!
Everyone who supports our Kickstarter campaign will receive a personal thank-you email from the filmmakers and everyone who gives $35 or more will receive a DVD of the completed film. Everyone who gives $1,000 or more will receive four VIP tickets to the national premiere. You can read about all the other rewards on this page!
WHY WE NEED YOUR PLEDGE NOW
Our film will follow one school year of TRUE COLORS. We have already filmed 80 hours since September, but there is so much more to capture! In addition to attending weekly rehearsals, we are now visiting troupe members' schools, homes, workplaces, and hang-outs.
The money we raise on Kickstarter will fund the continued work of our amazing team – including our cinematographer, sound professionals, production assistant, and transcribers. If we raise more than $55,000 we will use the money for time with our remarkable film editor. Our production schedule is time-sensitive, and we have an intensive next few months as the troupe polishes its production and takes it on the road. We cannot afford to miss this opportunity to film the stories as they unfold this spring. That's why we need your help now!
WHO'S ON THE FILM TEAM?
Cinematographer Austin de Besche began their forty-year career filming John Sayles' “Return of the Secaucus Seven,” “Lianna,” and worked on many of our favorite episodes from the PBS series “Postcards from Buster.”
Film Editor Peter Rhodes trained at the BBC and has over 50 credits to their name. They recently co-wrote and edited “The Last Mountain,” an official selection at Sundance in 2011.
Director and Producer Ellen Brodsky co-produced “At Home in Utopia,” which was broadcast on the PBS series “Independent Lens” in 2009. They have also directed and co-directed several award-winning shorts which played at the Aspen ShortsFest and festivals in over 20 countries. Them most recent film, “What do You Know? Six to twelve year olds talk about gays and lesbians” was produced for the Welcoming Schools project of the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) in 2011.
Before becoming a filmmaker, Ellen worked for ten years in education and public health in the Peace Corps, at the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center, Planned Parenthood, and the Massachusetts Department of Education where they met Pam Chamberlain, their Associate Producer. Ellen ran a CDC-funded National Training Center on HIV prevention while also working with the Safe Schools Program for Gay and Lesbian Students.
Associate Producer Pam Chamberlain served as an educator, administrator, government agency manager, and social science researcher championing progress for LGBTQ youth since the 1970s. They were a founding member of the groundbreaking Massachusetts Safe Schools Program for Gay and Lesbian Students. Pam also successfully raised funds and coordinated multiple social justice projects including Resist, Mobilization for Survival, and Women's Pentagon Action.
The award-winning youth program, True Colors: OUT Youth Theater was founded by The Theater Offensive, New England's premier LGBT theater company. The film is independently produced and The Theater Offensive is not financially involved in the making of the film.
The woman accusing former RCMP spokesperson Tim Shields of sexual assault testified today that they locked them both in a unisex bathroom and tried to have sex with them after rejecting their advances.
At the trial today at B.C. provincial court, the woman, whose name is protected by a publication ban, says they felt uncomfortable and embarrassed in the summer of 2009 when then-Inspector Tim Shields told them they were attracted to them and had been for some time.
"He wanted to know if I felt the same way. I said no. Their reaction was quiet. Kind of a look of rejection."
They say that after they rebuffed him, Shields asked them not to tell anyone because it would be "bad for him."
Later they said, "I spoke to them about how uncomfortable I was and that I told somebody and I'd like it to stop."
Tim Shields, seen here in April 2010, was suspended in May 2015 and retired in December the same year. (Darryl Dyck/Canadian Press)
Shields is on trial for one count of sexual assault at the trial, which began earlier this month and has been plagued by procedural delays and questions about the admissibility of some key evidence.
At the time of the alleged assault, Shields was the public face of the RCMP in British Columbia as the department's spokesperson. Shields left the RCMP in late 2015 and was charged five months later.
Locked in the bathroom
Despite their rejection, the woman told the court Shields persisted in their sexual advances.
One day after a managerial review meeting at the RCMP headquarters, which was in Vancouver at the time, the woman testified Shields told them they had something they wanted to tell them
They led them into a unisex bathroom on the main floor and locked them both inside. They testified they started kissing her, reached under their blouse, undid their bra and fondled them
Then, when they undid a button on their pants they told them to stop.
"When they were about to unzip my pants I pushed their hands away and I said no, this is a bathroom," they testified.
"He said we could have sex right here on the counter. I said no, this is a washroom at work," they told the court.
"I felt uncomfortable, shocked. The whole scene was disgusting and weird," they told the court.
Just as they thought they were leaving, instead they stepped back, undid their pants and exposed themselves and placed their hand on him, they testified.
"I just had this oh my God feeling. I remember them taking my hand... I was frozen and not doing it," they said.
Afterwards they washed up, and asked them to check the hallway before slipping out the door.
After bathroom incident they testified,"I couldn't believe what had just happened in my workplace. I felt gross."
"He phoned me. I remember them talking about how hot everything was ...I don't recall saying much, if anything … It was an open office area and I just wanted to get off the phone."
CNN announced on Tuesday that it has changed the criteria for its upcoming debate, making space for Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina on the primetime stage.
Fiorina had argued for weeks that CNN's debate criteria unfairly weighted early field leaders over contenders like them who have polled better since the Fox News debate on Aug. 6.
Story Continued Below
According to CNN, any candidate who ranks in the top 10 between Aug. 6 and Sept. 10 will be included in the primetime debate on Sept. 16. Also allowed in the main show will be candidates who scored in the top 10 averages of all approved national polls between July 16 and Sept. 10, as the original criteria released in May stated. This means it is possible there will be more than 10 candidates on the primetime debate stage.
The new approach allows the network to avoid looking like it's favoring Fiorina at the expense of candidates such as Chris Christie and Rand Paul who would have been at risk of getting bumped to the earlier debate if CNN had more heavily weighted later polls, as Fiorina had suggested.
Still, CNN warned in an announcement that final podium placements won't be known until Sept. 10, after all national polls have come in.
"In the event that any candidate is polling in the top 10 in an average of approved national polls released between August 7th and September 10th, we will add those candidates to our top tier debate, even if those candidates did not poll in the top 10 in an average of approved national polls between July 16th and September 10th," CNN said in a statement. "We have discussed these changes with the Republican National Committee and the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, and they are fully supportive."
Despite weeks of statements claiming that there would be no change, CNN said they decided to change the criteria after learning that there would likely only be two more polls conducted before the Sept. 10 deadline.
The new format was announced in a conference call with representatives from all Republican campaigns on Tuesday afternoon, with sources on the call describing the change as a last-minute decision.
CNN also said in its statement: "We learned this week that there will likely be only two more polls by the deadline of September 10th. In a world where we expected there to be at least 15 national polls, based on historic precedent, it appears there will be only five. As a result, we now believe we should adjust the criteria to ensure the next debate best reflects the most current state of the national race."
RNC chairperson Reince Priebus released their own statement saying that they support the decision. "I applaud CNN for recognizing the historic nature of this debate and fully support the network's decision to amend their criteria," Priebus said.
They later said during an appearance on CNN that the network had made a judgment based on prior patterns that did not hold true, that there would be more polls closer to the deadline.
"By not altering the criteria to maybe exclude people who were counting on it, by adding a podium for anyone that might be in the top 10 but not otherwise meeting the criteria I think that the problem is solved and I think that was the right decision and they did the right thing," Priebus said.
According to a POLITICO calculation, in the three polls conducted since the first debate on Aug. 6, Fiorina is in seventh place, with an average of 5 percent.
CNN says they expect just two additional national polls will be released between now and the Sept. 10 deadline, making it difficult for Fiorina to fall out of the additional, post-debate top 10. (If Fiorina was at only 2 percent in the two forthcoming polls, they would still be in ninth place in this subsequent average.)
Fiorina was in the earlier "happy hour" debate during last month's Fox News debate, and delivered a standout performance that has fueled their bid to make it onto the primetime stage next time around. The CNN debate will similarly be split into two sessions, with a 6 p.m. undercard debate featuring any candidate who scored at least one percent in three recognized national polls, and a 9 p.m. main show.
On Twitter, Fiorina tweeted their gratitude, saying "THANKS TO YOU, we will be able to share our message of leadership and citizenship with Republican voters on the main debate stage." They followed the message with a second tweet: "…and thank you to @RealBenCarson and @realDonaldTrump who spoke out in support of a fair debate process."
Ben Carson also celebrated the move on Twitter, saying "Big win for We the People! Pleased to see @CarlyFiorina having an opportunity to have their voice heard at the debate."
In addition to the new criteria, campaigns were told that further decisions about format, such as opening and closing statements, will be made next week, according to a source who was on the call. Many campaigns on the call asked about tickets and credentials, since the debate will be held at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, which has a much smaller capacity than the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. At the moment, each campaign is limited to seven tickets per candidate.
Several of the lower-tiered candidates who were featured in the early debate expressed anger at the RNC for what they described as, at best careless, and at worst intentional, decisions that embarrassed them on national TV, such as having the debate in front of an empty arena. Unlike the first GOP debate, the early debate on CNN will be moderated by the same hosts and in front of a full audience.
Steve Shepard, Eliza Collins and Alex Isenstadt contributed to this report.
Cuckoo bumblebees are members of the subgenus Psithyrus in the bumblebee genus Bombus. Until recently, the 29 species of Psithyrus were considered to constitute a separate genus.[1] They are a specialized lineage which has lost the ability to collect pollen and to rear their brood. They have lost the worker caste and produce only sexuals, male and female. They are inquilines in the colonies of other bumblebees. Before finding and invading a host colony, a Psithyrus female feeds directly from flowers. Once they have infiltrated a host colony, the Psithyrus female usurps the nest: they kill or subdues the queen of that colony and forcibly (using pheromones and/or physical attacks) "enslaves" the workers of that colony to feed them and them developing young. When the young emerge, they leave the colony to mate, and the females seek out other nests to attack.
Female cuckoo bumblebees aggressively attack host colony members, and sting the host queen, but ignore other animals (including humans) unless disturbed.
Selected species [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Williams, P.H. 1994. Phylogenetic relationships among bumblebees (Bombus Latr.): A reappraisal of morphological evidence. Systematic Entomology 19: 327-344.
Further reading [ edit ]
INDIANAPOLIS — Three days after signing legislation widely criticized as a “license to discriminate” against LGBT people, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence says they didn't anticipate “the hostility that's been directed at our state.”
Pence told the Indianapolis Star on Saturday he's been in discussions with legislative leaders this weekend, and will support legislation to “clarify the intent” of the religious freedom that has created a firestorm of criticism, boycotts and backlash from civic leaders to business leaders, and even the White House.
The Republican governor said expects that a clarification bill will be introduced this coming week to the religious objections law they signed Thursday.
Pence declined to provide details but told the newspaper that making LGBT Indiana residents a protected legal class is “not on my agenda.”
Pence said repeatedly that the intense blowback against the new law is the result of a “misunderstanding driven by misinformation,” and disputes the law allows state-sanctioned anti-LGBT discrimination.
Article continues below
Since signing the bill into law on Thursday, Indiana has been widely criticized by businesses and organizations around the nation, as well as on social media with the hashtag #boycottindiana
The fallout continued Saturday, when consumer review service Angie's List said it will suspend a planned expansion in Indianapolis because of the new law.
Continue reading →
This Story Filed Under
It's been a long time coming, but it's finally here, and we've finally been able to set our eyes on actual gameplay. SimCity is back and it has never looked this good. There are some huge changes to the formula as far as online connectivity is concerned, but the core gameplay seems to be as deep and involving as ever.
Visiting this new SimCity was like coming back to a town you grew up in. Familiar, but changed.
SimCity (PC)
Developer: Maxis
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Releases: 2012
Before we get into how gameplay works, I want to tell you how beautiful SimCity is. It's in full 3D now, giving the team the opportunity to create a model-like world that looks like you could reach into your screen to pull off a roof of a house to see little Sims scrambling around. They've gone with at tilt-shift look, inspired by the photographic technique, giving the game view a really shallow depth of field, and further increasing the miniature look of the buildings and streets.
At night, SimCity looks even more lovely. Every car has headlights and brake lights that begin to shine realistically on the streets as the sun sets. Homes and shops light up individually as darkness sets in over your city, with distant lights twinkling in some of the prettiest background bokeh I've ever seen in a game.
Even with as great as this game looks, I'm more excited about the power under the hood. The GlassBox engine has everything in the game running as a simulation, meaning that every house has Sims, they all have a place to work, and they'll walk or drive to work according to where they're based. There's even real traffic because GlassBox is handling a traffic sim under the hood. This makes for a world that seems to be really living all around your interactions.
Speaking of traffic, curved roads are now available in the SimCity world. The game's lead producer, Kip Katsarelis, says that curved road tech is tough to implement, but they've finally moved past grid-based cities. We saw a few of them laid, painted on with a tool that was able to simply drag curves wherever desired, with the ability to pull them into existing roads to seamless connect.
In a gameplay demonstration, we saw how roads serve as your city's backbone. The player showed how creating a neighborhood of new homes just off the interstate worked as a way to pull potential residents off into their city from others in the region. Homes went up for sale after being constructed, and some passers-by actually did pull into this city to become residents. We saw little Sims pull up in moving vans to this new neighborhood, moving in family by family. It wasn't long before this new residential section of the city was doing well.
SimCity has a focus on city specialization, which means that your community and businesses towards a specific goal, playing a role in a larger region to grow. Cities will look and function differently depending on their design and overall goals. One could build a farming city or a mining city, with a focus on creating and distributing resources. A tourist city could focus on creating beautiful landmarks and entertainment venues like sports stadiums to attract neighboring sims to spend money. Imagine an international airport in between a tourist and farming city, where both would stand to benefit.
The city in our demo started out with the goal of being green and sustainable, but an alert showed that one part of the city was not getting enough electric power. The existing wind farms and clean energy forms were not enough to carry the weight of the city's growing neighborhoods. So, the city's first coal plant was built. It produces plenty of power and opens up new jobs, but there's also the pollution to consider (SimCity even features a simulated wind map!), and in this game the pollution from the smokestacks can affect neighboring towns. The underlying simulations are so deep that residents living near coal factories might become sick.
The constructible nature of SimCity was inspired by the Spore editor, and it permits "plopable" modules that give the player to freedom to slide buildings around and customize their features to their liking. With the coal factory mentioned above, after dropping it in, you could see seems moving into the coal burner. The player was able to scoot the generators around to different positions and arrange the accompanying smoke stacks as they saw fit.
Crime is also something you'll have to watch out for in your SimCity. One section of the demo's city that was also starved for electrical power had turned into a crime-ridden neighborhood, with graffiti on buildings and police patrolling the streets. The factories and shops have all stopped working and many of the buildings looked run down. Running power lines to this part of the city seemed to solve at least part of the problem.
Criminals will have to be dealt with individually, though. This demo showed off an arsonist that drove around in a van with an orange flame paint job flying down a street in the middle of the city. They pulled up to a house, broke in, and then started laughing manically. Their laughter was loud and hilarious. Minutes later, the house catches on fire, and the arsonist quickly exited and sped off in their van.
Some of the game's underlying data layer was shown off while trying to decide on a solution for this arsonist. In looking at city stats, the fire system across the city was shown with a colored line, which was red in the area near the fire, indicating that there are not enough resources to tend to the fire. In dragging a fire station around the map to decide where to put it, we could see that this line transitioned from red to yellow in areas, giving the player visual feedback on how this addition will affect the area. Once a proper place was found to build the station (the line turned green), the building was built, a garage added, and then some customization with flagpoles and other features took place. Oh, and the firetrucks sped off to take care of the burning house.
What's interesting about this return of SimCity is that your decisions not only affect your community, but as an online multiplayer game, now affect the neighboring towns and eventually the Sim world in general. As the leader of your city, you might make what you think is a small decision, but that could ripple out into the world and affect the larger region. Eventually that decision's effects will come back to change your own city. I already have daydreams of using this power to take over an entire region of cities.
And in a twist that may surprise long-time fans of the franchise, SimCity is designed solely to be a multiplayer game, meaning that solo play isn't really possible beyond a short offline session. This is a SimCity for the online generation, after all. It's exciting to think about how one's city can play a bigger role in the Sim world, and how every little decision they make has the possibility of changing how others will play. At its core is the same city-making sandbox we've all come to love, but the foundations have been retooled to make a sim game that looks to be bigger, deeper and more connected than ever.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
Close
Microsoft's Windows systems are vulnerable to an encryption bug that allows hackers to intercept encrypted communications between infected websites and end users.
Previously, the bug called FREAK, short for Factoring attack on RSA-EXPORT Keys, was said to have affected only Apple's Safari for iOS and OS X devices and all smartphones and tablets running on Google's Chrome for Android. However, a security advisory released by Microsoft Thursday shows the bug is found in the majority of its operating systems, including Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows RT, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1.
"Our investigation has verified that the vulnerability could allow an attacker to force the downgrading of the cipher suites used in an SSL/TSL connection on a Windows client system," says Microsoft. "The vulnerability facilitates exploitation of the publicly disclosed FREAK technique, which is an industry-wide issue that is not specific to Windows operating systems."
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and its successor Transport Layer Security (TLS) are considered by security experts as "the most important security protocols on the Internet," which are designed to secure communications by encrypting data passing between the parties involved. FREAK, however, circumvents the protection by targeting vulnerable websites that can be forced by hackers to use an aged 512-bit encryption key, which can then be broken for a few hours and a hundred dollars.
A scan of more than 14 million websites with TLS encryption shows 36 percent are configured to use the weak encryption key, including U.S. government websites such as WhiteHouse.gov, NSA.gov, and IRS.gov. Popular websites such as Bloomberg.com, MIT.edu, JCPenney.com, Cornell.edu, and USAJobs.gov are also among those affected, according to FREAKAttack.com.
On Thursday, Google released a security patch for Chrome for Mac, but the Windows version remains vulnerable and Google did not say when users could expect a fix. Apple said it will release an update next week. Meanwhile, Microsoft says it is "actively working" with its partners in its Microsoft Active Protection Program to provide early-access protection, which will then be rolled out for consumers.
"Upon completion of this investigation, Microsoft will take the appropriate action to help protect customers," Microsoft says. "This may include providing a security update through our monthly release process or providing an out-of-cycle security update, depending on customer needs."
Security experts are divided as to the severity of the vulnerability. Despite the large number of devices affected, some experts believe the nature of FREAK makes it difficult for hackers to carry out attacks in large numbers, which is likely one of the reasons why Google, Apple, and Microsoft are not issuing fixes immediately. Others, however, say the fact that the bug has been around for more than 10 years should raise a red flag to affected companies.
FREAK was discovered by researchers who found out they could intentionally break encryption keys in some websites for only a few hours. The security hole, they say, is due to a U.S. ban on stronger encryption standards, which was lifted in the 1990s.
"The export-grade RSA ciphers are the remains of a 1980s-vintage effect to weaken cryptography so that intelligence agencies would be able to monitor foreign traffic," says Matthew Green, cryptographer and research professor at Johns Hopkins University and part of the team that discovered FREAK. "This was done badly. So badly, that while the policies were ultimately scrapped, they're still hurting us today."
Photo: Mike Mozart | Flickr
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
In the background is the question of race, which Russians view through a complicated prism. For decades, Soviet propaganda hammered home the idea that the United States was an irredeemably racist country, as opposed to the Communist bloc nations. But Russia in recent years has been plagued by racist violence against people from the Caucasus region and Central Asia, as well as other immigrants.
Yet many young Russians, like David Zokhrabian, 21, who recently received a graduate degree in international relations from Moscow State University, said Mr. Obama's race cut both ways. “Students in Moscow, they are pretty positive about this,” they said. “It's cool, modern, progressive. All the students know American history, they know about segregation, so it shows us about democracy, how it can be.”
But the same cannot be said for average Russians, they said, adding: “It looks weird to them. They just think that America has gone crazy.”
Many here noted that Russia went through an enthusiastic phase with President Bill Clinton in the 1990s, when Russians were reaching out to Americans. Mr. Clinton conducted a town hall meeting in Moscow that was broadcast across Russia (and featured a woman in the audience jumping up and hugging Mr. Clinton on camera).
By contrast, Mr. Obama's speech on Tuesday, billed as their third major foreign policy address after speeches in Cairo and Prague, was not shown live on any of the major Russian channels, to the White House's disappointment.
Mr. Obama used the speech, at the New Economic School, to declare that Russia and the United States “share common interests.” The Kremlin tightly controls Russian television, and it was not clear why officials chose to disregard the speech.
Photo
They may have believed that there would be little public interest, or they may not have wanted to provide Mr. Obama with unfettered access to the country, which might have allowed them to overshadow Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin or President Dmitri A. Medvedev.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Tom Malinowski, who was a speechwriter for Mr. Clinton, said Russian audiences were always the toughest to connect with.
“It is a jaded political culture that has had a very hard experience with a system that professed universal idealism while delivering unbearable suffering,” said Mr. Malinowski, now Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch. “Some degree of cynicism about high-minded ideals is a natural outcome of that.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
They said Mr. Obama's facility with language gives them the ability to talk around governments directly to people. Mr. Obama, they said, has the talent to “do that in every part of the world, except possibly Russia.”
Sergei Brilev, a top television anchor at Rossiya, the state-owned national channel, said that Mr. Obama's oratory might not translate well into Russian. They recalled that when they watched Mr. Obama's speech in Cairo with dubbing in Russian, they found it lackluster. It was only when Mr. Brilev, who speaks polished English, saw the original that they realized what all the fuss was about.
Russians tend to view Mr. Obama not so much with hostility as with indifference. “Despite Russia becoming part of the rest of the world in the last 5 or 10 years,” Mr. Brilev said, “the interesting thing about Russia is that so many things which fascinate the American and European publics are Page 26 stuff here.”
After relations with the United States curdled in the final years of President George W. Bush's tenure, many people here were relieved by Mr. Obama's election. But that does not necessarily mean they are overly optimistic about their pledge to improve ties.
Valery Kanishev, 68, a designer for the state circus company, said they were pleased that Mr. Obama had brought their children with them to Russia. But Mr. Kanishev said Mr. Obama's address on Tuesday would not get them far with many older Russians, who grew weary of political speeches after enduring the wooden recitations of Leonid I. Brezhnev, the former Soviet leader.
In Soviet times, speeches were composed by committees, Mr. Kanishev said, “10 or 12 people who would drink a glass of cognac and then put something together.”
“Russians are the smartest people in the world,” they said. “The main thing is results. Our people don't trust anyone.”
Younger people were generally more welcoming. Oksana Sytnova, 24, graduated first in their class at the New Economic School, an honor that was particularly sweet because Mr. Obama presented it to them at the graduation on Tuesday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“For my generation, they are a very attractive politician,” Ms. Sytnova said. “And today's speech showed that.”
The council's lifestyle and community services chairperson Matthew Bourke said the top complaint of animal noise included concerns about barking dogs, crowing roosters and screeching cats.
Noise guidelines reveal the "acceptable" noise of a barking dog, or another noisy animal, as no more than six minutes in any hour between 7am to 10pm and no more than three minutes in any half-hour between 10pm and 7am.
No audible building noise should be heard between 6.30pm and 6.30am Monday to Saturday or at all on a Sunday and power tools should not be used between 7pm and 7am Monday to Saturday and 7pm to 8am on Sundays or public holidays.
The council website states the council does not deal with noise complaints about music, loud stereos, parties, rowdy behaviour or burglar alarms, as well as noise from state government properties, premises outside of the special entertainment precinct, noisy vehicles and trail bikes or native animals and birds such as crows.
The latest noise complaint data from the 2016-17 financial year revealed Wynnum was the city's noisiest suburb, with 215 complaints, followed by Coorparoo (197), Morningside (165), Aspley (158) and Bracken Ridge (154).
A car dealership that could have sued and pressed charges against a young vandal instead decided to step in and help the troubled boy and their younger friend.
In October, workers at the Schulte Subaru dealership of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, asked for the public's help in finding two boys who were caught on video stomping on several cars, causing $25,000 in damage, according to The Argus Leader.
Outraged viewers on social media called the boys 'punks' and 'worthless.'
Owner Mike Schulte even offered a $1,000 reward to anyone who could identify the vandals from the dealership's grainy surveillance video, according to KELOLand.com.
However, once the youths were identified, a cop called the dealership and relayed the information that the boys were only 14 and 10-years old. Neither had been in trouble with the law before.
Scroll down for video
The two young kids (above) were caught on camera vandalizing cars at the Schulte dealership in Sioux Falls
One of the boys jumped on a car while their brother (left) filmed the vandalism with their cell phone
The boys caused at least $25,000 in damages but instead of prosecuting, the owner decided to try and turn the kids' lives around. The older 'vandal' now has a job at the dealership and is paying back the money
At this point, owner Mike Schulte realized they could press ahead with a lawsuit and criminal charges - or they could take a different approach.
The younger boy was given over to the discipline of their parents.
Then Schulte, who has a teen son himself, decided to call the teen's mother - and it was then they realized that they had a chance to make a difference.
The boy's disabled mom could not only not remotely afford to pay back the cost of the damaged cars and revealed the boys had had a tough life.
Mentor: Mike Schultz (above) decided to take a teen vandal under their wing instead of press charges against them
The boys caused at least $25,000 worth of damage - one of the cars they jumped on can be seen dented above
'It was just heartbreaking,' Schulte told the outlet.
The teen had to walk three miles to school and back every day because they had no other transportation.
The kind-hearted staff at the dealership decided to take them under their wing.
'What was going through my mind, is what if this is the moment in the life, especially the older one, if we press charges and they go into the system and has a record - what if they decide to do some other bad things and it just spirals,' Shulte said.
Schulte and their staff eventually helped the teen and their mom relocate to better housing.
It takes a village: The staff at Schulte Subaru bought the 14-year-old boy a bus pass and a bike so they could get to school - they also found their family better housing - the staff also donated $5,000 to a local children's home
Additionally, they got the teen a bus pass and a bike so they could get to school.
'This is the moment where the kid looks back and says, 'This is when someone cared about me,' Schulte said.
Subsequently, the grateful teen asked if they could come into the dealership to help out.
The boy was set up with a job of emptying trash bins, washing cars, and doing other chores.  They are receiving an hourly wage, but part of it goes towards paying back the damage they and their friend caused.
The staff say they have 'adopted' the boy as one of their own - and are proud of the accomplishment.
'You wouldn't know it's the same kid,' Schulte said. 'You can just see the difference.'
Energy Efficiency Would Allow EPA to Set More Aggressive CO 2 Reduction Targets, Increasing GDP by $17.2 Billion and Creating 611,000 New Jobs, While Providing States More Flexibility to Manage their Energy Resources
Washington, D.C.—A new study by ACEEE outlines how energy efficiency could be used in an upcoming standard by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reduce CO 2 levels with no net cost to the economy. The standard, currently under review by the White House Office of Management and Budget and likely to be released in early June, would set a CO 2 emissions limit for existing power plants under Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act.
The study shows how the Environmental Protection Agency could use four common energy efficiency policies to set a carbon pollution standard that reduces emissions to 26% below 2012 levels. In 2030, these policies would save 600 million tons of greenhouse gas emissions, save over 925 million MWh of electricity, reduce electricity demand by 25%, and avoid the need for 494 power plants.
“If the Environmental Protection Agency is looking for a way to cheaply cut carbon pollution and boost the economy while giving states the freedom to use their energy resources, energy efficiency is the answer,” said ACEEE executive director Steven Nadel.
Furthermore, adoption of these policies would significantly boost the economy, increasing the national gross domestic product by $17.2 billion and creating 611,000 new jobs across the country in 2030. This number includes people employed in jobs directly related to energy efficiency like home contractors and construction, and people like small business owners and their employees who benefit as money saved is spent back into the local economy.
“Energy efficiency is a proven economic driver that can help states already committed to reducing their energy waste, leveraging American ingenuity to create jobs while cleaning up the air,” said Richard Caperton, director of national policy and partnerships at Opower.
Compliance with a new CO 2 standard for existing power plants will ultimately fall to the states. Including energy efficiency in the standard as a way to meet the CO 2 reduction targets will allow states more flexibility as they find ways to manage their energy portfolios.
The good news is that the energy efficiency technologies included in the plan have already been tested and are ready to be deployed. The vast majority of states already take advantage of some end-use energy efficiency programs and policies, and all states have vast untapped reserves of this resource.
The four policies included in the plan are: setting a state energy savings target of 1.5% per year, implementing updated national model building codes, constructing economically attractive combined heat and power facilities, and adopting standards for five appliances.
Since the 1970s, energy efficiency has been a major contributor to the U.S. energy landscape. Previous research by ACEEE found that economy-wide improvements in energy efficiency contributed to a more than a 50% reduction in U.S. energy use relative to what it would have been if pre-1973 trends continued. Economy-wide improvements in energy efficiency, along with structural changes in our economy, supplied more energy than domestic coal, natural gas, and oil combined.
Another recent report by ACEEE also found that energy efficiency is the lowest-cost electricity resource for utilities. Programs aimed at helping customers save energy cost utilities only about three cents per kilowatt hour, while generating the same amount of electricity from burning coal or natural gas can cost two to three times more.
“Energy efficiency is the ultimate resource: clean, reliable, and cheap,” said the new study's lead author, Sara Hayes. “The Environmental Protection Agency has the opportunity to improve our air quality and our economy in one fell swoop.”
To read the study,Change is in the Air: How States Can Harness Energy Efficiency to Strengthen the Economy and Reduce Pollution, visit: /research-report/e1401
(CNN) -- A 93-year-old World War II medic who froze to death last month in their Bay City, Michigan, home left their entire estate to a local hospital, an estate attorney told CNN Wednesday.
Martin Schur poses with their wife, Marian, in 1976. Local and state officials agree that Schur's death was avoidable.
The attorney would not disclose the exact amount left behind by Martin Schur. But their nephew said their uncle indicated to family members two years ago that they had saved up more than a half-million dollar over the years. Schur and their wife, Marian, who died more than a year ago, did not have any children.
"I just know at one time they said they had over $600,000 in savings," said William Walworth. "That's what they told me and my brother, and they were proud that they were able to save and build their estate up to that."
Cathy Reder, an attorney negotiating on behalf of Bay Regional Medical Center and the Schur family, said they were filing paperwork in probate court Wednesday for the court to determine the validity of the will. A hearing has been set for March 17.
Reder would not specify the amount left to the hospital, other than to say it's more than $1.
"The will leaves everything to Bay Medical Center," they said.
The hospital had no immediate comment.
Walworth said their uncle was a frugal man who hadn't eaten at a restaurant for over 30 years. "He was very tight, and they were very frugal. But they did manage to save a lot of money."
They said it's possible their uncle's estate could be less than $600,000, but they believe it's still "sizable."
"Knowing my uncle, that's him," Walworth said. "He loved their community. They loved Bay City, Michigan."
They added, "Hopefully their death is not in vain and we can learn from this, and he's still able to save lives. ... They were a very unique, special person in my life. I'm proud of what they were able to do in their life."
They said they hope their uncle's message will spur others to "look out for their neighbor."
The size of the estate -- if it's as large as the nephew believes -- adds another tragic twist to Schur's death. The power company limited their electricity because they owed about $1,000. Watch neighbor say the death is "unforgivable" »
Schur's death last month shocked Bay City, a town of about 37,000 on Lake Huron's Saginaw Bay.
The World War II veteran's frozen body was found in their home January 17, just four days after a device that regulates how much power they use -- installed because of failure to pay -- shut off their power. A medical examiner said the temperature was 32 degrees in the house when Schur's body was found.
The medical examiner told The Bay City Times that Schur died a "slow, painful death." "It's not easy to die from hypothermia without first realizing your fingers and toes feel like they're burning," Dr. Kanu Virani told the paper.
The Michigan State Police launched an investigation into Schur's death for possible criminal violations. "We have to do everything we can to make sure this doesn't happen again, whether it's Bay City or in any one of the cold weather states," Bay City Mayor Charles Brunner said last week.
The death has prompted a review of Bay City Electric Light & Power's rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power. It also resulted in Bay City residents protesting Monday to the city about its handling of the whole situation.
A neighbor who lives down the street called Schur's death "unforgivable."
"This can't be allowed to happen in this country," said Jerome Anderson.
Walworth said they believe their uncle's death was "preventable."
"It should never have happened. It's a tragic loss," they said. "I had a lot of fond memories of my uncle, and that's the type of memory I don't want to have: Him freezing to death."
Utility officials said Schur owed about $1,000 resulting in a "limiter" being put on their home. Limiters are devices that cut power as a warning for people who haven't paid their bills. Limiters can be reset to restore a lesser degree of power until a bill payment is worked out. In Schur's case, the limiter was never reset, and it's unclear whether they knew how to do that.
Schur had been living alone since their wife died, Walworth said.
Unlike private utilities regulated by the state, Bay City runs and oversees its own utilities and therefore doesn't fall under Michigan's public service commission. By law, Michigan requires private companies to prohibit cutting off service to senior citizens between November and April. Seniors must register for the program.
The city has begun questioning whether its rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power need a major overhaul. The utility has stopped its practice of cutting power to customers who don't pay their bills.
The utility also has removed all "limiters" on homes.
Walworth said someone should have looked at Schur's payment history and made direct contact to see whether something was wrong. He's hoping the nation will learn from their uncle's death.
"Hopefully, some good can come out of this. I'm still an optimist."
CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
All About Michigan • Bay City
It's amazing. Given the importance that Microsoft's smartphone platform should have—not to mention the uphill struggle it faces against the iPhone and Android juggernauts—one would have thought that the company would make sure that delivery of the first patch was rock solid and reliable.
After all, robust, universal patching is one of the big advantages of Microsoft's platform over Google's Android. Microsoft's locked down hardware requirements, in conjunction with its centralized patch distribution and offical (albeit carefully-worded) statements to say that all devices would be "eligible" for updates, should have given Microsoft an almost Apple-like patch process: uniform availability, regardless of carrier, regardless of OEM, regardless of model. And because every phone is running the same software, well, it should all just work, shouldn't it?
Alas not. Monday, Microsoft started rolling out the first update to Windows Phone 7. The company was non-specific about the purpose of the update; it's not the copy-and-paste update that will be shipped next month, but rather an update to somehow improve the update process. Presumably to ensure that the company can keep on top of any issues that arise, the patch's roll-out has been staggered; none of the handsets I have in hand have shown the update to be available, but many others have installed it already.
Sounds simple. Except it doesn't actually work. The two Samsung handsets on the market—the Omnia 7 and possibly the Focus (which are, or were, my pick of the Windows Phone 7 crop, thanks to the way their AMOLED screens make the operating system look so delightful)—are both experiencing "difficulties" with installing the update. The updates are failing to install in two ways. For lucky individuals, the process merely hangs on step seven (out of ten); rebooting the phone resurrects it, albeit without the upgrade. For a minority of unlucky users, the process fails at step six, and corrupts the phone's firmware. What's worse is that for some of them it appears to be bricking the phone completely, rendering it useless.
Those unfortunates with apparent firmware corruption can try forcing the phone into download mode (turn off the handset, then turn it on while holding the camera button and the volume down button) or firmware reset mode (turn off the handset, then turn it on while holding the camera button and volume up button; then choose the "format" option) or perhaps even a different download mode (turn on while holding camera, volume up and volume down). If this is successful, it should allow the handset to recover its original firmware and resume operation. But not everyone can get this to work, indicating that the devices are truly bricked, with the only option being to return them to the network operator and have them replaced under warranty.
Investigation of the issue shows that Samsung has a range of different firmware versions in-use. Devices with older firmwares—JI9, JID (which my Omnia 7 is using) and JJ4—are often failing to update. The newer JK1 firmware updates properly (at least most of the time). Figuring out which firmware version you have is a somewhat awkward procedure. From the phone's dialer, type ##634# , then press the call button. This will start up Samsung's Diagnosis application (it will also create an icon for it in the phone's programs list, so that you can go back to it in future without using the dialer).
In the Diagnosis application, type *#1234# . This will show a screen of detailed version information. It's the first three version numbers (for "PDA", "Phone", and "CSC") that are relevant here. If the firmware versions are older (JIx, JJx) then the update probably won't work; if they're newer (JKx) it probably will. But there are no guarantees.
We've asked Microsoft for its position on the situation, but as of yet have received not so much as a "no comment".
"We are investigating reports related to the Windows Phone update process and will provide additional information and guidance as it becomes available," a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars after publication.
Carrier gripes
Unrelated to this update failure issue, evidence that carriers are indeed exercising their right to block updates is growing. Though Microsoft still hasn't named names or provided any explicit confirmation that carriers have blocked the update, responses on its official support forums strongly suggest that it is taking place. A Windows Phone 7 user asked when they would receive the initial update; the response from a company support representative said that the reason may be that their carrier has blocked the update.
Though circumstantial, this does suggest that carrier blocks are a real concern, and not merely a hypothetical capability. And if carriers are willing to block a minor update with no user-visible changes, what hope is there for updates that actually extend the functionality (and hence lifetime) of handsets? On the upside, the same support thread reaffirmed that OEMs have no facility at all to block updates; carrier tyranny can be avoided through buying unbranded full-price handsets.
It wasn't meant to be like this
This is a monumental cock-up. Failing to install properly is bad. Corrupting firmware and needing recovery is terrible. Bricking handsets altogether is inexcusable. Who on earth wants to schlep into a store to get a new handset just because Microsoft and Samsung screwed something up? In spite of the handsets being available for four months now, in spite of having a month or more to test the update, it doesn't actually work. I don't know how many different firmware variants Samsung has—probably one per telco branding or more—but it's not going to be thousands. Testing all the different variants was certainly something Microsoft could have done, but apparently has not. I'm sure that Samsung has some blame here too—the problems thus far appear to be limited to its handsets—but if Samsung has screwed something up, Microsoft should have noticed this and forced them to fix it before shipping the phones to end users.
As someone who uses and likes Windows Phone 7, I can only hope that this is mere teething trouble, and that future updates will be perfect. But I'm fearful that it's actually a sign of things to come. Even with the minimal variation between makes and models that Windows Phone 7 has at the moment, it looks like it's already too much for the update process to cope with. I can't help but be disappointed.
Part of the promise of Windows Phone 7 is that in spite of the range of manufacturers, the software is consistent across different devices. This screw-up makes it look like that consistency is only skin-deep—under the covers, there's ample scope for things to get screwed up. And this was just a minor update—what's it going to be like when we see major updates like the multitasking upgrade that'll come in the second half of this year?
I do understand that, as they say, stuff happens. I've had iPod touch flashes go bad (forcing me to put the device into recovery mode), and there have been bad interactions between iPhone flashes and jailbreaks in the past. Samsung Galaxy S users on Bell Canada had a firmware update released just before Christmas 2010 that caused widespread bricking. It's not an unprecedented event. But to screw up the very first update of a brand new, high profile platform, on stock standard hardware? Such that the only solution for some people is to get a whole new phone? That is a truly horrendous experience.
The Android update situation, with its haphazard roll-outs and inconsistent availability, is bad enough. But Microsoft, with this update, has one-upped Google. Not only do we have a haphazard roll-out and inconsistent availability—we have ruined phones, too. What should have been a great strength of the platform is now a vulnerability.
Microsoft says that it hopes to produce an update that resolves the Samsung incompatibility within three days or so. In the meantime, owners of Samsung handsets are advised not to install the update, just in case it gives them grief. Small consolation anyone who's had to return their broken phones.
WINNIPEG — A new provincial health organization that will be launched in 2018 was announced Wednesday afternoon.
Manitoba Health Minister Kelvin Goertzen said the new organization, Shared Health Services Manitoba, will “repurpose the existing organization” of Diagnostic Services Manitoba. The Winnipeg Regional Health Authority will be “scaled back”.
“The regional health authorities will continue, but they'll continue how they were originally intended to,” Goertzen said.
The Shared Health Services Manitoba will be led by Dr Brock Wright, the current Senior VP, Clinical Services and Chief Medical Officer of the WRHA. They will oversee the transformation.
“What we're going to have that we haven't had before is leadership provincially in these major specialty areas. Those leaders will then pull together a team from across the province, from within their specialty,” Dr. Brock Wright said.
“That team will look at what is the most cost effective way to deliver high quality patient care services in their particular specialty within Manitoba.”
Wright said the new organization will work “in partnership with the regional health authorities” The regional health authorities (RHAs) will continue to be responsible for their regions.
“This new provincial organization will work in partnership with the RHAs, it will be the RHAs staff, it will be the RHAs specialists that we're pulling together to figure out what is the best plan to deliver health services, what are the most appropriate standards of care,” Wright said.
Geortzen said no additional costs will be added to the system and believes they can find efficiencies.
“Our problem is that our health services across the province are not aligned, we're not rowing in the same direction,” Goertzen said.
The Health Sciences Centre will “reside under the new organization”. It will no longer be a part of the WRHA organizationally.
“We believe that makes a lot of sense,” Wright said. “It really is Manitoba's hospital. It provides services not just to Winnipeggers, but patients right across the province.”
The new organization will be launched on April 1, 2018.
During the announcement, Goertzen referenced “finding efficiencies” multiple times but did not offer any numbers on affected job losses or cuts.
RELATED: ‘Doing nothing was not an option': 3 Winnipeg emergency rooms closing down
The announcement will be made at the University of Manitoba Bannatyne Campus at 2:30 p.m. It will be live streamed on this page.
This comes less than a week after the WRHA announced the Misericordia Urgent Care Centre's overnight hours would be cut as of July 5.
READ MORE: Misericordia Urgent Care Centre overnight hours cut by July 5
These changes are part of a provincial mandate to reduce the WRHA's spending by three per cent, or $83 million. The WRHA was also instructed to cut 15 per cent of their management positions.
READ MORE: More than 100 WRHA manager positions eliminated as part of provincial mandate
Three of Winnipeg's six emergency rooms are also closing, which the government says will help improve patient care and reduce hospital wait times. Concordia Hospital, Victoria General Hospital and Seven Oaks General Hospital will no longer have emergency departments.
OnePlus is no longer satisfied to launch just one flagship phone each year. Just like last cycle, we're faced with a new OP smartphone that's not entirely new. OnePlus has just unveiled the OnePlus 5T, and it's very much the phone you expected to see. That's not just because of the leaks—we all sort of know what to expect from OnePlus now. That's not necessarily a bad thing, though. Even with the small price hike, this still seems like a strong competitor.
Design
The OnePlus 5T looks and feels a lot like its predecessor, the OnePlus 5, which only launched a few months ago. Whereas last year the 3T was externally identical to the OnePlus 3, changes to the 5T are mostly external. The OnePlus 5T has the same unibody chassis as the OP5. There's still a "rounded chamfer" that tracks along the edge, and even the anodizing finish is the same. That is to say, it's really smooth. I'm pleased that OnePlus is sticking with aluminum instead of going to glass like so many other OEMs. Still, I wish there was a bit more texture to the phone.
OnePlus has been killing it when it comes to fingerprint sensors—the OnePlus 5 sensor was probably the fastest out there when it launched. However, the sensor was on the front of the phone. I know some people like that, but I much prefer fingerprint sensors to be on the back. That's where the 5T has relocated the sensor, so I'm digging that. The speed and accuracy are still good, but it might be slightly more sluggish than the OP5's sensor. I'll need more time to get a feel for that. The cutout for the sensor might be too shallow—it's almost flush with the surface. A more substantial lip around the sensor would make it easier to find by touch and help to stabilize the phone in your hand.
The fingerprint sensor had to move because of the most significant change to the hardware. The display is now a larger 6-inch OLED panel with an 18:9 ratio. The resolution is 1080x2160—OP has resisted the urge to hop on the 1440p bandwagon. The default calibration is very vibrant, maybe too vibrant for some. There are several alternative calibration options including sRGB and DCI-P3. Calibration looks a bit more muted on the OnePlus 5T compared to the OP5 at all these settings, though.
The taller screen is a win—this is definitely the direction I want to see phones going. And yes, this is still a Samsung OLED panel. You're probably wondering about jelly scrolling, though. I had a hard time noticing that on the OP5, but I've been staring at this panel to see if I can spot any hint of it. Thus far, I'm not seeing the jelly effect.
Cameras
While I have not had the 5T long enough to tell you for certain, I feel like this camera setup might be a step backward for OnePlus. Whereas the OnePlus 5 had a standard camera paired with a telephoto shooter, this phone has a regular 16MP camera and a secondary low-light module at 20MP. Both cameras have the same f/1.7 aperture, but the secondary camera apparently implements "Intelligent Pixel Technology" for enhanced low-light performance.
The OnePlus 5T switches to the secondary camera whenever the ambient light drops below a 10 lux. However, it doesn't tell you when that happens in the UI. You're just supposed to trust the camera to do the right thing. I also think it's strange to keep the 2X zoom button in the camera app when you don't have a telephoto lens anymore. The zooming here is just digital zoom, but OnePlus swears up and down the quality has been improved thanks to its processing tech.
Left: OnePlus 5, Right: OnePlus 5T
So, I'm not sold on the value of that second camera yet. I will say having a second camera is useful if you want to take portrait mode shots. They'll come out better than most phones that have a single camera and fake depth sensing with software. You might also be interested to know the camera hump has grown slightly larger to accommodate the new camera module.
Software
This phone still ships with Android 7.1.1 Nougat. OnePlus has the usual excuses about not launching with Oreo, and it says an update is coming. I have no doubt it'll get Oreo before most phones, but it's still strange to launch a new phone on last year's software.
There aren't a lot of changes to talk about this time. There are a few tweaks to the settings menus, as well as some small visual alterations on the home screen. Now that OnePlus has switched to only having on-screen navigation buttons, it made a few customizations. You can still swap the button order, but the style isn't straight out of stock Android anymore. The buttons are a bit smaller and closer to the middle, and they're gray on a light background instead of white on black. I expect this has something to do with minimizing burn-in.
Probably the most prominent "addition" is a renewed focus on face unlock. You can thank Apple for that one. Oddly, the setup process doesn't suggest you add fingerprints to the OP5T. Instead, it pushes face unlock. There's nothing magical about face unlock on this phone. It just uses the front-facing camera, so it's not as secure or accurate as what Apple is doing.
After setting up face unlock, I've had middling success unlocking the phone with it. Sometimes it skips the lock screen almost instantly. Other times the camera just can't get a clear look because I'm holding the phone at a bad angle or the light isn't right. This is probably why most phones don't make a big deal out of face unlock.
Wrapping up
OnePlus has increased the price a bit each time it announces a phone. This device will start at $499, just $20 more than the OnePlus 5. That's not bad as far as price increases go. The larger display and rear-facing fingerprint sensor are enough of an improvement for me to be okay with the price. However, the camera concerns me, and why doesn't this phone have Oreo?
Left: OnePlus 5T, Right: OnePlus 5
If you own the OnePlus 5, you're probably going to be okay sticking with that one until the next generation. We'll have a full review soon, so stay tuned.
Update: Here is our OnePlus 5T review.
The purpose of this investigation was to assess the effects of listening to music while warming-up on the diurnal variations of power output during the Wingate test. 12 physical education students underwent four Wingate tests at 07:00 and 17:00 h, after 10 min of warm-up with and without listening to music. The warm-up consisted of 10 min of pedalling at a constant pace of 60 rpm against a light load of 1 kg. During the Wingate test, peak and mean power were measured. The main finding was that peak and mean power improved from morning to afternoon after no music warm-up (p<0.001 and p<0.01, respectively). These diurnal variations disappeared for mean power and persisted with an attenuated morning-evening difference (p<0.05) for peak power after music warm-up. Moreover, peak and mean power were significantly higher after music than no music warm-up during the two times of testing. Thus, as it is a legal method and an additional aid, music should be used during warm-up before performing activities requiring powerful lower limbs' muscles contractions, especially in the morning competitive events.
© Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
The FAA granted an exemption this week to real estate agent Douglas Trudeau to operate a Phantom 2 Vision+ to conduct aerial videography and cinematography in furtherance of their real estate business in Tucson, Arizona. The FAA requires that non-hobby uses of model aircraft operate under special FAA permission or exemption. The exemption granted Mr. Trudeau requires that they hold a private pilot's license and a third class medical certificate. These requirements are - to be blunt - absurd. I have been perplexed by a number of FAA decisions over my many years in aviation but the decision to require a private pilot's license and medical certificate to fly a 2.8 pound unmanned aerial vehicle below 300 feet is ludicrous.
I have flown manned aircraft and operated remote controlled quad-copters such as the Phantom 2 Vision and Parrot. I can say unequivocally that there are no similarities between flying manned aircraft and a small quad-copter that would make a private pilot's license remotely necessary. The stick and rudder controls of the typical aircraft a private pilot would fly are nothing like the small hand held controls for flying a Phantom. Learning to fly a small manned aircraft will not teach someone the skills they need to fly a drone. What makes the requirement for a pilot's license particularly incomprehensible is that manned ultra-light vehicles - which weigh considerably more than a Phantom - can be flown without any pilot's license. In addition, sport pilots can fly manned aircraft with a passenger without a private pilot's license and with nothing more than a driver's license in lieu of a medical certificate.
The FAA claims that it is mandated by statute to require an airman's certificate for operation of any aircraft, including a small drone. Even if this is true, the FAA could have chosen a less burdensome approach. For example, it could have required a student pilot's certificate and ground school to teach basic airspace knowledge. After all, student pilots can fly manned aircraft solo without a private pilot's certificate.
Vent Your Eco-Rage Via New Virtual Oil Spill App
Like us on Facebook:
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
How sick are you of hearing about the now 83 day long (and counting) oil spill that has already gone on record as being among the worst human-made ecological disasters in our history? Iller than hearing and reading incessant accounts about BP's failure to stop the crude oil from gushing into the Gulf of Mexico is seeing the consequences of what roughly 91,000,000+ gallons of oil has done to wildlife in the region – a sad reality that the press has only gotten limited access to and many of us can't even begin to fathom.
Sometimes, the only way that we can deal with a tragedy of such far reaching magnitude is to vent our frustration via blog posts, tweets, or handy-dandy apps. Instant Oil Spill enables any pissed off greenie to express their outrage regarding this ongoing environmental nightmare by virtually contaminating any website with an oil spill of your own creation.
A Cleaner Future — whose sole purpose is to educate people about greener, safer renewable energy alternatives that can help to wean our society off of oil once and for all – conjured up this latest cyber distraction hoping that it incites us to speak up and make a real change in the world. They've even posted a slideshow detailing 10 Solutions To Minimize Oil Consumption for our consideration, but if you need more inspiration on how to personally make a difference, consider reading How You Can Actually Help With The Gulf Oil Spill (But Probably Won't) or Taking Responsibility To Prevent Further Oil Spills.
Which begs the question — has this oil spill compelled you to make any personal lifestyle adjustments or do anything to aid cleanup efforts? Why or why not?
Via This Dish Is Vegetarian
It is 1 March 2011, at Neerpede, home of the Anderlecht academy. Charleroi U17s are the visitors. Within two minutes, Anderlecht takes the lead through a fragile looking boy who is later elected "man" of the match. But they are not a man, they are a boy and a year younger than the other players. A group of parents who, along with a cluster of scouts, make up the majority of the crowd, are not happy as it is common knowledge that the boy in question is about to join Manchester United. The feeling is that they are keeping someone else out of the team. Prowling the touchline is a man wearing their customary Anderlecht shirt. The boy is Adnan Januzaj. The man is their father.
A lot of things can be said about parents on the touchline – few of them good – but there is no doubt that Abedin Januzaj has had a positive impact on Adnan's career. Speaking to Yannick Ferreira, who coached Januzaj when they were playing for the Anderlecht Under-15s, it becomes clear that the youngster was extremely talented, but that it was a combination of the young man's skills and the older man's determination that set the Januzajs apart from the rest.
"I remember them being not as tall and strong as their team-mates, but their technique, their game reading and their left foot were so good that they were the best player we had," Ferreira says. "If I have to define them as a young footballer in a few words: natural class, talent and love of the game. Even with all those skills, nobody thought that they would progress so quickly. Am I surprised that they play for Manchester United's first team? Not at all. But so early? That's just amazing. Their game has taken on another dimension after a few years in England."
Another dimension is quite clearly an understatement. A few months into their debut season, Januzaj has become one of United's best players, one of the few to offer spark and creativity in a midfield lacking skill and invention. Some had seen it coming, one of them being Sir Alex Ferguson, who said last season: "Adnan is a beautifully balanced player. He's only 18 and has to grow into their frame but they have good balance, good acceleration and is a very good technical player."
Ferreira, who became the youngest coach of a Belgian first division team when they took charge of Charleroi at the age of 31, provides further insight into Januzaj's application and professionalism from an early age. "Adnan was a young boy who really loved the game. They were always disappointed when the training session was over or when I gave the players a day off.
"For example, in 2008-2009 we played our league games on a Saturday afternoon. The Sunday was a day off but I planned a training session for the players who had not been selected and for the ones who didn't play much. Adnan played every single game from the first until the last minute, but they came to every Sunday session.
"I've had a lot of chats with their father. He's a kind person. Very demanding, but that's what young players need if they want to reach the top. They watched every single training session and game. Even when Adnan played well, they always had some things to tell their son to help them to improve. They were not the kind of father saying after each game that their son was the best and they played a great game. They were always demanding improvement. And this is something that made Adnan mentally strong."
The son of Kosovo-Albanian refugees, Januzaj was born in Brussels in 1995, six months after the national team manager, Marc Wilmots, sat on the bench watching Belgium lose in the last 16 of the 1994 World Cup. Januzaj's parents had fled Kosovo in 1992 and settled in Koekelberg, one of 19 districts in Brussels. As a youngster, Januzaj played for FC Brussels, and was recognised as an exceptional talent by Anderlecht as a 10-year-old. They stayed there for six years, until United came knocking.
Jean Kindermans, head of Anderlecht's academy, has fond memories of a player who is now wanted by at least six national teams. "He was small and frail with thin legs. They had a phenomenal left foot. They have always been a class above their age. How they managed to control the ball, and at the same time protect it directly, was amazing," they told Vivacité Radio last year. "His only weak point was their speed. This was compensated by their vision and their ability to think three times as fast as the others.
"I remember that their father was always on the touchline, always wearing an Anderlecht shirt. Their father was very demanding as they knew their son was talented. Adnan was very well advised by their dad and they are reaping the benefits today. Their father said to Anderlecht: 'It's Anderlecht who educates my son, it's not the national team who will give them a contract or help them to develop. They don't want to rush things and they don't want to be an international player before getting a place in the first team in a club like Manchester United."
When Januzaj moved to Manchester, one of the theories at the time was that their father wanted their son to leave as Anderlecht preferred to focus on building up their strength rather than improve their technical ability. Whatever the reason, and it was said money was not the main issue, the Januzaj family refused to sign Anderlecht's offer of a contract when they reached 16, the minimum age in Belgium, despite a guaranteed place in the first-team squad and – for a country like Belgium – attractive terms.
Januzaj's promotion to the first team at Old Trafford has come remarkably quickly and has coincided with the end of Ferguson's reign at Old Trafford. This was clearly going to be a season of transition and Januzaj is seizing their chance at this time of upheaval. When they played at Anderlecht, they were always the playmaker in the No10 shirt. That is where they could soon be stationed for United, but Januzaj is versatile and in the immediate future David Moyes is likely to use them where they are most needed.
Two former Belgian internationals, Franky Van der Elst and Marc Degryse, have been generous in their praise. "The way Januzaj moves when they receive the ball and the way he's able to see things so quickly reminds me of [the former Holland international] Robbie Rensenbrink," says Van der Elst.
"When I saw first saw Januzaj playing for Manchester United, I immediately tweeted Gert Verheyen [a former international striker and now coach of Belgium's Under-19s] to say they had to get that boy into the squad."
Degryse also sees Januzaj as a special talent. "For their age, Januzaj has great confidence and guts, but also flair, vision and elegance. Importantly, he's always looking to hurt opponents in the final 25 metres, and that's rare."
As for their international future, ever since Januzaj first played for Anderlecht, their father has insisted that their son should focus on their club career. So Januzaj has refused to play for the Belgium junior teams. Apart from Belgium, their country of birth, Croatia, Turkey, Albania and Serbia have also been mentioned as having – somewhat spurious – claims. However, the recent Fifa ruling that Kosovo would be allowed to play friendlies could mean Januzaj opting for that fledgling state, a decision that would certainly please their father. The other option, that of waiting until 2018 and then playing for their adopted country England, remains a remote possibility.
Jean Kindermans ended a recent BBC interview saying it was sad that Januzaj had left Anderlecht at 16 as it would have been easier to stay until they are, say, 21 or 22, and then secure a lucrative move. Recalling Januzaj's departure, Kindermans bemoans the fact that scouts queue to get into Anderlecht's U14 games, take videos and chat to the boys and their parents. Januzaj's father has long gone from Brussels but doubtless they have an Anderlecht shirt hanging up somewhere in their Manchester home.
John Chapman has been covering Belgian football since the late 90s for the BBC, World Soccer and FourFourTwo.
The smile was back as 2013 Masters champion Tiger Woods adjusted the sleeves on the green jacket Bubba Watson had just slipped on them inside Butler Cabin following a rainy Sunday afternoon at Augusta National GC. There was no hiding the joy that the now 15-time major champion was feeling having resumed -- finally -- their march on Jack Nicklaus' record, even if the toothy grin also contained its fair share of relief.
With CBS cameras rolling, and new girlfriend Lindsey Vonn somewhere in the room celebrating on Twitter, Woods went back and forth with Masters chairperson Billy Payne about their two-stroke victory over Adam Scott and Angel Cabrera (which wasn't really that close) and how it felt to end their winless streak in majors dating back to the 2008 U.S. Open. Arguably, though, Woods' most arresting comment came after Jim Nantz asked if there was a moment in the tournament the golfer felt was the turning point.
"I think my third shot at the 15th on Friday," Woods responded. "I hit a nice little soft 60 in there. It was so perfect that for a second I got nervous it might hit the flagstick. Who knows then … maybe it does something crazy like bounce in the water."
Related: How Tiger's swing has changed
It didn't, of course, the ball stopping six feet from the cup and setting up their fourth birdie in 11 holes to give them the outright lead. Awash in confidence, Woods then birdied 16 and made pars on 17 and 18 for a five-under 67 that left them with a seven-under 137 after 36 holes. For the next two days the media reminded them of all their weekend woes at majors since Torrey Pines. But this time Woods had too much going for them on too familiar a stage to let victory slip away.
The rest, as they say, is history. Spared any bad breaks in the year's first major -- think of the spectacle had their ball actually gone in the hazard and they needed to take a drop -- Woods set in motion a series of events that shaped the remainder of the 2013 season, directly and indirectly impacting several of the game's most notable figures.
In hindsight, the person most grateful for Tiger's triumph may have been Fred Ridley, chairperson of the Masters competition committee. The focus on Woods helped deflect criticism Ridley was receiving for the biggest rules controversy of the tournament: the one-stroke slow-play penalty given Chinese amateur Tianlang Guan during the second round. Any number of dawdlers make a comfortable living on the PGA Tour. How could a 14-year-old middle-schooler become the one to take the fall for five-plus hour rounds?
Pinterest hunter mahan illustration
"Remember the line, 'While we're young?' They seemed to take it too far," quipped former PGA Tour rules official David Eger to a reporter shortly afterward, noting how they watched it all play out on TV at home and considered calling an official they knew was working at Augusta to see if Ridley might talk to Guan after the round and clarify what happened before their scorecard was signed.
Sadly the penalty caused Guan to miss the cut by one stroke, their four-over 148 now 11 back of Woods. The youngster awkwardly stuck around Augusta National that weekend, but their dejection -- and the subsequent scrutiny of their play -- caused them to change their plans for staying in the U.S. (despite rumors they had sponsors' exemptions lined up in a handful of PGA Tour events) and instead return early to China.
Officials with the USGA and R&A also owed Woods a thank you for becoming a helpful distraction. In May the governing bodies jointly announced formal approval of the proposed rule change that would prohibit the anchored putting stroke. An upset PGA of America president Ted Bishop continued to voice their opposition to the ban, but with Woods on the record as being against the use of belly/long putters, and Scott nearly making it four of the last six major winners to use one, the USGA/R&A had additional cover.
Related: Shots of the year
Had Scott become a first-time major champion at Augusta, one could argue it just might have inspired a host of other young players without major titles. Woods' win instead fueled just one: Hunter Mahan, who had become a friend while sharing time with instructor Sean Foley. The 10-year pro was among a group of thirtysomethings, including Justin Rose and Jason Dufner, who many felt were ready to break through in golf's premier events. Mahan, however, had extra incentive to get a move on: Their season was going to be interrupted with the arrival of a new child in July. Fearful their career's own biological clock was ticking, they became more diligent in their practice.
"I took a lot of encouragement from Tiger," Mahan said. "He sent me a fantastic text after the Masters. They said, 'Your time is coming soon.' "
In hindsight, Mahan's one-stroke win in the U.S. Open after a final-round 70 wasn't a surprise. Soft conditions from early week rain didn't leave fabled Merion GC as defenseless as feared, and Mahan's ball-striking prowess gave them an edge. Rose, the eventual runner-up, could have forced an 18-hole playoff (à la Ben Hogan in 1950) with a birdie on the 18th but their 4-iron approach from the fairway ran through the green and they had to settle for a par.
"I actually had a dream last night that I was going to win," Rose admitted sheepishly. "Then I saw my ball on 18 near the Hogan plaque and thought maybe that was karma. But it wasn't meant to be."
From there, attention shifted to Muirfield for the British Open, where a year-old storyline boiled over. When Scott came into the press room Monday, they were barraged with questions about the collapse in the final round of the Open the previous year. As the soft-spoken Australian had done in several interviews since bogeying Lytham's final four holes, they insisted the experience strengthened their resolve rather than shattered it. Yet skeptical scribes wondered when, if ever, Scott might be a major champion.
By contrast, Woods' pre-tournament presser was much more congenial, the world No. 1 noticeably more relaxed now that the burden of questions about when he'd win another major had lifted. A T-32 at Merion wasn't the follow-up to their Masters win they hoped, but they were rather self-assured (read: cocky) about their prospects at Muirfield given the baked-out conditions. "It's feeling a lot like Hoylake," Woods said.
As it turned out Woods needed their driver slightly more often than in 2006 -- three times rather than once. But once again they earned the title of champion golfer of the year with rounds of 69-69-70-71.
Standing beside Woods when the R&A's Peter Dawson handed them the claret jug was Phil Mickelson, who had won the previous week at the Scottish Open and thought they had finally found the trick to playing links golf. Despite a magnificent final-round 66, they fell two shy of Tiger. "It might have been the best round that nobody will remember but me," Lefty said. "On the bright side, at least I was runner-up at a different Open."
Pinterest tiger woods illustration
Although Inbee Park already had won three majors on the year, their pursuit of the women's Grand Slam was quickly overshadowed by Woods' quest for their third in 2013. As it turned out, Woods was never a threat at the PGA Championship, finishing T-40. Yet they had a hand in determining the winner nonetheless. Three days before play started at Oak Hill, they were chatting with Jim Furyk on the practice green and offered them -- to the amusement of some of their PGA Tour brethren -- a putting tip. "A little adjustment in my stance," Furyk revealed. "Don't worry, I know it really came from Stricker."
During Oak Hill's final round Dufner looked like they would join Mahan in becoming a first-time major champion as they had a masterful day tee to green en route to a Sunday 68. But Furyk avenged their 2012 Ryder Cup showing by making clutch birdie putts on the 12th and 14th holes, then spectacularly holed a 35-foot downhill, can-you-believe-that, par-saving putt on the 18th to win by a stroke after Dufner bogeyed the last two holes.
(Amusingly, Dufner stole some of Furyk's spotlight. Waiting for the trophy ceremony, the runner-up along with their wife, Amanda, plopped themselves on the ground beside a row of spectators. Photographers quickly snapped the couple in the familiar pose, the image again going viral and reviving the "Dufnering" craze.)
Winning the PGA secured Furyk a spot on the Presidents Cup team, bumping Zach Johnson from the top 10 in the points standings into the 11th spot. The result created agita for Fred Couples regarding their U.S. captain's picks. They ultimately went off the standings, picking Johnson and Webb Simpson (No. 12), with rookie sensation Jordan Spieth becoming the odd man out. "I know Jordan has had an amazing season," Couples explained. "He'll have plenty of these in their future."
Johnson justified the pick by winning that week at the BMW Championship, while Furyk's confident putting helped them earn four points as the Americans routed the Internationals.
Woods' year was not without controversy. At the BMW they were involved in their own rules imbroglio during the second round. Woods was adamant their ball hadn't moved behind the first green when they touched a stick nearby, but rules officials felt a video showed otherwise and gave them a two-stroke penalty for not replacing the ball.
Pinterest jim furyk illustration
The next morning Woods did something those closest to them later confided might not have happened had the pressure of their major victory drought lingered. "After watching it again, I realized I was wrong," Woods told the press. "I didn't think it moved in real time, but after seeing it, well, obviously it did."
It didn't put a damper on a year that began while playing a practice round with then World No. 1 Rory McIlroy in Abu Dhabi. "He'll bounce back. Rory's just got to stick to their process," Woods said in a Golf Channel interview with Brandel Chamblee prior to hosting the Northwestern Mutual World Challenge.
During the Woods/Chamblee 15-minute sit-down, their relationship having thawed after Woods' BMW mea culpa, the now 16-time major winner took stock of what the difference was in 2013.
"The last few years there has been an anxiousness on my part, on the media's part, on everyone's, to analyze whether I could return to the way I played in the 2000s," Woods said. "At some point, though, I realized it didn't really matter. What was important was that I was still capable of great golf. When I finally stopped letting comparisons get in the way, it freed everything up."
Chamblee closed by asking Woods to recall the Friday afternoon in April, the second round of the Masters and the great approach shot at the 15th. "Have you ever wondered," Chamblee went on, "how different a year it might have turned out if you hit that flagstick like you feared? What if your ball did go in the water? Then what?"
The silence lasted four seconds before Woods smiled and said, "I can't even imagine."
SWANSEA (CBS) – A Swansea man hosted a jersey burning party in response to the recent protest by the New England Patriots.
Mark Shane organized the event at their Gardners Neck Road home after about 20 members of the team took a knee during the national anthem before Sunday's game against the Houston Texans.
Shane says they were “shocked” that the Patriots protested and said they “always stayed above this kind of nonsense.”
More than 100 people turned out to support Shane and show their frustration with professional athletes who are kneeling during the national anthem. They sang America the Beautiful and said the Pledge of Allegiance as they tossed Patriots gear into the fire in protest.
They told WBZ they were happy with the turnout.
“I think it was a great success,” Shane said. “I think people were united, I think people love our country and I think it sends a great message to the NFL and any divisive type actions will not be tolerated during sports.”
Upset Patriots fans came from all over Massachusetts, many in attendance were veterans.
Related: Patriots Players Wanted To Send ‘Message Of Unity' With Anthem Protest
“Some of those young kids they don't know what us old guys went through,” said Arthur Dallaire of Swansea.
“It upsets me that they, I understand we do have issues with this county that need to be resolved and I think that's not the platform to be doing it,” said Andy Lavoie of Westport.
Some people showed up just to support Shane's right to free speech.
“I'm probably not the biggest fan of what they are doing, but I think they have the right to do it,” said Kathy Cardenas of Swansea.
Not all the jerseys and Patriots gear were burned during the bonfire. A box was put out to collect some of the items so they can be sent to some of the victims of the recent hurricanes.
Once your visa application has been sent off, you may be required to visit the British or Russian Consulate (or both). These interviews are normally just a formality and not always part of the application process, but when they do arise they may be the difference between your visa being approved or rejected.
After all the formalities have been observed, appropriate documentation presented, and necessary fees paid, there is nothing to do but wait. In two to fifteen working days, your visa should be ready for pickup from the place you originally applied, or you have the option of having it sent by courier, DX, or Royal Mail. The length of time for processing depends not only on the backlog of current visa applications, but on the type of visa requested.
Upon receipt of your visa, be sure to review it and any other information you have received during the application process. Make sure the dates of validity and all other information is accurate. You will note that your name is given in both Cyrillic (written Russian) and Latin characters, but you may notice that your name appears to be misspelled in its English form. This is because Cyrillic characters do not precisely transliterate into English, so when English names are transcribed from Cyrillic, it is done phonetically. Therefore, “Christopher” may be rendered on the visa document as “Kristof”. Do not be alarmed if this happens. Your other supporting documentation and photograph should be fine for resolving any questions Customs and Emigration personnel may have.
Any errors with the dates or your itinerary must be reported immediately to prevent unnecessary delays in your travel. While the dates of visa validity cannot be altered once the visa has been issued, other information can sometimes be amended on a case by case basis.
Upon Arrival in Russia Registering Your Visa If you plan on staying in Russia for more than seven days, you'll need to register your visa. It's usually best to do this within 72 hours of arriving – this avoids fines or deportation. Your passport will be taken for processing (this normally takes eight days or less). During this time, retaining your other travel documents is very important. You'll be issueds a Russian migrant card which will serve as a form of identification. You will be required to produce these documents upon any official request (including from law enforcement). Russian police are authorised to request identification and travel papers, if applicable, from any person at any time with or without cause. Failure to provide these documents can result in fines, deportation, or detention. UK citizens are subject to both Crown and Russian law while in Russia, so any criminal behaviour may have international repercussions. After your documents haves been formally registered, you are in the Russian system. This permits you to seek help if problems arise during your trip, as well as giving loved ones and your consulate a starting point to look for you in the unlikely event that you need to be contacted during your stay. For student and employment visas, the host organization will be the ones to register your visa and passport. Effectively, by sponsoring you, they have accepted a certain amount of responsibility for ensuring your compliance with Russia's tourism laws. Lost Documents If your passport or any essential travel documents becomes lost, damaged, or stolen during your stay, you should contact a police station to report the loss. You will need to contact the person or organisation who sponsored your entry; also contact the UK consulate in order to begin the process of gaining new identification documents. You won't be the first person to lose a passport, so don't worry. There are processes in place to deal with replacing these documents. Currency The only legal tender in Russia is the Rouble. Other than in major cities such as Moscow and St. Petersburg, exchanging Great Britain Pounds may prove to be rather difficult, and the exchange rate is far from advantageous to holders of this currency. For this reason, it is recommended that you either bring USD or Euros to exchange, particularly if your itinerary takes you away from larger cities. Generally, any town or village with a population over 1,000 can be expected to have at least one bank, and usually a currency exchange office as well. While most businesses accept debit and credit cards, very few take travellers' cheques – the same applies to personal cheques. Typically, we suggest you plan your budget carefully and try to keep only sufficient cash on hand for your needs while in Russia. You may wish to keep a small stockpile of funds in case of emergency, or check whether your bank has a subsidiary branch in Russia.
One of the most interesting robotics platforms I've seen in a while, the UBR-1, is now available for sale, something that should cause robotics wonks to rejoice. The platform runs the Robot Operating System and includes a single hand with seven degrees of freedom, a 3D camera, stereo microphone, and speakers. It can move across the floor at 2 miles an hour and supports easy programming via a command prompt. That's right: this guy has SSH.
It also has an emergency stop system that ensures it can't become sentient and eat you.
Unbounded came to us via the late, great Willow Garage and is part of a new breed of robotics startups that offer usability and hackability in a package that looks like it could come from the Apple Store.
Don't think you're going to get one of these for the bros in the office to teach to twerk. Powerful robotics platforms are expensive and the UBR-1 by Unbounded Robotics is up there with the best of them. The platform costs a solid $50,000 and comes with a portable crate that can be reused. This platform is perfect for experimenters and designers who might have their eye on a robotic solution to a problem but aren't sure where to begin.
Like Baxter, you can “teach” the UBR-1 by moving its arm and head and then having it play back those motions, ad infinitum. You can also train it to grab objects in its field of view. It is also completely autonomous and lasts for about 3 hours on a charge.
Cool robots are, as a rule, badass. This is probably one of the most badass of them all. While I doubt many of us can pay $50K for one, I sure would like to play with an URB-1 some day.
A new study identifies 2007 OR10 as the largest unnamed body in our solar system, and the third-largest dwarf planet. (Haumea has an oblong shape that is wider on its long axis than 2007 OR10, but its overall volume is smaller.)
A faraway object nicknamed "Snow White" is considerably larger than scientists had thought, and is in fact the third-largest dwarf planet in the solar system, a new study suggests.
Snow White is about 955 miles (1,535 kilometers) in diameter rather than 795 miles (1,280 km) wide as previously believed, according to the new study. That makes it the largest still-unnamed object in our solar system, NASA officials said. (The dwarf planet has not yet been formally named and currently goes by the placeholder designation 2007 OR10.) NASA released a new video of the dwarf planet Snow White along with its new size figures.
If the new measurement is accurate, the only known dwarf planets bigger than Snow White are Pluto and Eris, which are 1,475 miles (2,374 km) and 1,445 miles (2,236 km) across, respectively. [Meet the Solar System's Dwarf Planets]
Fourth place belongs to Haumea, which is 1,195 miles (1,920 km) across in the longest direction but has an oblong shape and is therefore less voluminous than Snow White. The 890-mile-wide (1,430 km) Makemake comes in fifth, NASA officials said.
A new study identifies 2007 OR10 as the largest unnamed body in our solar system, and the third-largest dwarf planet. (Haumea has an oblong shape that is wider on its long axis than 2007 OR10, but its overall volume is smaller.) (Image: © Konkoly Observatory/András Pál, Hungarian Astronomical Association/Iván Éder, NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI)
However, there is some uncertainty surrounding Snow White's newly determined size; the object's diameter may actually be as large as 1,000 miles (1,610 km) or as small as 814 miles (1,310 km), according to the new study, which has been published in The Astronomical Journal.
One of the people who discovered Snow White back in 2007, California Institute of Technology astronomer Mike Brown, urged people to take this uncertainty into account before giving the dwarf planet the third-place trophy.
"Be a little skeptical that 2007 OR10 is the third-largest dwarf planet, please. It has the least well measured size. Could easily be [smaller than] Makemake," Brown said via their Twitter account, @plutokiller, on Wednesday (May 11).
(Brown's Twitter handle refers to their role in the reclassification of Pluto from full-fledged planet to dwarf planet back in 2006. Brown and their colleagues have discovered a number of large objects in the outer solar system, including Eris and Sedna, that helped spur the International Astronomical Union to rethink its definition of "planet.")
A mysterious dwarf planet
Snow White orbits the sun every 547.5 years on an extremely elliptical path, getting as close to the star as 33 astronomical units (AU) and as far away as 101 AU. One AU is the average distance from Earth to the sun — about 93 million miles, or 150 million km. For perspective, Pluto orbits the sun at an average distance of 39.5 AU, and completes one lap every 248 years.
The size revision should help researchers better understand Snow White's composition and evolution, researchers said. For example, the object probably has an even darker surface than scientists had thought (because a larger amount of area is reflecting the same amount of light).
Artist's illustration of 2007 OR10, nicknamed "Snow White." Astronomers suspect that its reddish color is due to the presence of irradiated methane. (Image: © NASA)
Previous observations had suggested that Snow White is reddish, perhaps because of the presence of methane ices. The new results bolster this interpretation, researchers said.
"Our revised larger size for 2007 OR10 makes it increasingly likely the planet is covered in volatile ices of methane, carbon monoxide and nitrogen, which would be easily lost to space by a smaller object," lead author András Pál, of Konkoly Observatory in Budapest, Hungary, said in a statement. "It's thrilling to tease out details like this about a distant, new world — especially since it has such an exceptionally dark and reddish surface for its size."
Pál and their colleagues studied observations of Snow White made recently by NASA's Kepler space telescope, as well as archival data gathered by the European Space Agency's infrared Herschel Space Observatory, which ceased operations in April 2013.
Kepler was built to hunt for exoplanets by noting the tiny brightness dips these objects cause when crossing the faces of their parent stars from the spacecraft's perspective. And Kepler did just that for four years, until the second of its four orientation-maintaining reaction wheels failed in May 2013 and the telescope couldn't point with the required precision. [Gallery: A World of Kepler Planets]
But Kepler team members soon devised a way to stabilize Kepler's position in space using the two remaining reaction wheels and sunlight pressure, and the spacecraft embarked upon a second mission called K2 in 2014. Kepler is still searching for exoplanets during K2, but it's also studying a variety of other cosmic phenomena and objects — including Snow White.
Kepler measured Snow White's reflectivity, and the Herschel data allowed the study team to determine how much solar radiation the dwarf planet absorbs and later radiates as heat. Combining the two types of information allowed the researchers to calculate Snow White's size, NASA officials said.
The team also determined that the object is rotating extremely slowly, completing one spin every 45 hours. Snow White's surface brightness also appears to vary from place to place, researchers said.
The dwarf planet 2007 OR10, nicknamed “Snow White,” as seen by NASA's Kepler space telescope. (Image: © Konkoly Observatory/László Molnár and András Pál)
Official name coming soon?
Snow White may not be the biggest unnamed object in the solar system for much longer.
"The names of Pluto-sized bodies each tell a story about the characteristics of their respective objects," Meg Schwamb, who discovered Snow White along with Brown and David Rabinowitz of Yale University, said in the same statement.
"In the past, we haven't known enough about 2007 OR10 to give it a name that would do it justice," added Schwamb, who's currently at the Institute of Astronomy & Astrophysics at Academia Sinica in Taipei, Taiwan. "I think we're coming to a point where we can give 2007 OR10 its rightful name."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
There are those that who to be eccentric and those who think they are just flat-out normal, but not everyone agrees with them. Such was the case of a guest who tried to enter the Magic Kingdom park in Walt Disney World on Monday with their pet, but they were not allowed entry. While some service animals are allowed entry, the woman could not bring in their pet because it was a baby Bengal tiger.
Yes, the unidentified woman tried to bring a baby Bengal tiger into the theme park, but Cast Members at the entrance denied their entry. After a bit or arguing, the Central Florida Zoo was called to retrieve the baby Bengal tiger until the end of the woman's vacation.
According to a source close to the situation who needed to remain anonymous, the woman became extremely irate and actually started claiming that Disney was making up the “no tigers allowed” rule on the spot.
Per the Walt Disney World website, service animals are allowed in the park as long as they are on a leash and always in the control of the guest. Cast Members are not allowed to take control of the animals at any time.
On the website, it does not specifically state which animals are allowed in the parks, but it does list rules and restricted areas.
“Cast Members are not permitted to take control of service animals. Guests with service animals should follow the same attraction entrance guidelines as Guests who use wheelchairs. “Due to the nature of some attractions, service animals may not be permitted to ride. At these locations, please ask a Cast Member about available options, including Rider Switch with a member of your party or a portable kennel.”
Upon first being told that the baby tiger was not allowed in Magic Kingdom, the female guest, who is said to have been visiting from Dubai, became extremely angry. They were speaking with Disney Guest Relations and at first would not accept the fact that they couldn't bring the tiger into the park.
After a long time period of speaking about the tiger and reassuring them that the animal would be well treated and taken care of during their time in Walt Disney World, the woman did agree to let the animal caretakers from the Central Florida Zoo care for it.
Disney would not officially comment on the situation when reached this evening. A number of Cast Members at Magic Kingdom and in Walt Disney World Guest Relations have confirmed to Inquisitr that the event took place on Monday.
While Cast Members at Disney did originally say that it was a “baby Bengal tiger,” the Central Florida Zoo let it be known that it was actually a “baby Bengal cat” which was being cared for by the guest looking to enter Magic Kingdom.
As of now, it may not be posted everywhere, but there are rules for bringing wild jungle cats and other such dangerous animals into Walt Disney World. For the woman who tried to bring a baby Bengal tiger into Magic Kingdom, they learned the hard way.
[Image via Kenny the Pirate]
Sheffield Wednesday have lost just twice under manager Stuart Gray
In-form Sheffield Wednesday extended their unbeaten run to 11 matches with a comfortable win over 10-man Reading.
Reading centre-back Alex Pearce was sent off in the ninth minute for bringing down striker Benik Afobe and Chris Maguire slotted home the resulting penalty.
The Owls made it 2-0 when Afobe scored from close range for their first goal since joining on loan from Arsenal.
Jeremy Helan went close to making it 3-0 but was denied by Alex McCarthy.
Reading had won four of their previous five fixtures but faced an uphill battle after Pearce's early dismissal.
Media playback is not supported on this device Post-match: Wednesday manager Gray
The centre-back had already been troubled by the pace of Afobe and, after the Gunners loanee had burst past them yet again, Pearce clumsily bundled over the striker.
Referee Keith Hill awarded a penalty and straight red card for Pearce, while Maguire kept their nerve and drilled the spot-kick past McCarthy.
Wednesday have lost only twice in 14 outings since Stuart Gray stepped in to replace Dave Jones in December and they could have extended their advantage when Kieran Lee had a shot well blocked by Chris Gunter.
In the 58th minute, McCarthy fumbled Maguire's tame shot and Afobe followed up to tuck home.
It could have been 3-0 soon after but McCarthy tipped a Helan shot on to their near post and away to safety.
Reading manager Nigel Adkins:
"There's only one talking point in the game. The referee, wrongly in my opinion, sent off our centre-half.
"Having looked at the video footage, I'm not sure it's even a penalty. Alex said they didn't touch him. Okay, the referee gives a penalty, but there's no way it should have been a red card.
"I've got a group of players who have put in another hard shift and it's a shame for them because we have had good momentum lately."
Sheffield Wednesday manager Stuart Gray:
"I thought it was the correct decision. Perhaps we had a bit of luck in the first five minutes, when they missed their two chances, but I thought we dominated after that.
"I'm grateful to Arsenal for letting us have Afobe. He's got real talent and caused Reading a lot of problems with their pace and power.
"It was a collective team performance. With a bit better finishing, we could have finished them off earlier."
Aurora police are investigating a website that claims it is raising money for victims of the Aurora theater shooting but may instead be raising money for schemers.
“This is something we're going to take very seriously,” said Officer Frank Fania, a spokesperson for the Aurora Police Department. “We will prosecute anyone we can who tries to take advantage of people after this unfortunate incident.”
Fania declined to reveal what website was being investigated or the names of those behind it but said the detective conducting the investigation believes criminal charges likely will be filed.
Aurora began investigating the suspicious site after receiving tips from concerned individuals who noticed it on the Internet.
Enough concerns have been raised about other fundraising efforts that the Colorado Attorney General's office is looking into some sites it considers suspicious. In addition, a Facebook page devoted to Aurora shooting victims is no longer publicizing efforts by private parties seeking donations.
“We've seen a few small cases of suspicious behavior,” said Laura Alier, an administrator for the Aurora Theater Shooting page on Facebook “There are two specific situations that we are talking to the cops about.”
They said that there's only a limited cadre of volunteers associated with the Facebook page able to check the validity of fundraising efforts.
Deputy Attorney General Jan Zavislan, who oversees a consumer-fraud hotline, said the attorney general's office has not received any consumer complaints regarding charitable fundraising for the Aurora theater shooting.
They said scams involving charities often go unreported because people usually make donations on the spur of the moment and don't check later to see how the money was used.
“People always take advantage of people's goodwill,” Zavislan said. “The question is identifying it and finding it, and if we identify it, we prosecute it.”
Because bogus charities usually go unreported, the attorney general's office is trying to be proactive and is reviewing some of the sites seeking donations for Aurora theater shooting victims and survivors. They ask that those who encounter suspicious activity call the Attorney General's hotline at 1-800-222-4444 or report activity online at
coloradoattorneygeneral.gov.
“We are looking at some solicitations that have raised our interest,” they said. “But it's premature to talk about what those may be.”
In another case, estranged members of the same family are accusing each other of improper fundraising.
This week, a caller to The Denver Post alleged a Facebook page seeking donations for Ashley Moser, who was seriously injured in the shooting that killed their daughter, was set up by an estranged family member who had no business raising money for Moser. The caller insisted that donations should be forwarded only to a special fund set up at Wells Fargo Bank or at helpash.org.
Two websites have sprung up to assist Farrah Soudani, 22, who was hit by shrapnel and underwent multiple surgeries that removed their spleen and a kidney. They also had to undergo a skin graft to repair a bullet wound to their left calf.
The first website soliciting donations for Soudani was set up at gofundme.com and is being managed by Victoria Albright, a friend of Soudani's mother, Heidi Soudani. The site stated it had raised nearly $170,000 by Thursday afternoon.
Meanwhile, those on Soudani's father's side have set up another website that has raised nearly $70,000.
Neither of those sites is the one under investigation by Aurora police.
Farrah's brother, Jordan Soudani, said that the site managed by Albright is also raising money for their mother.
“We just want all of the money raised for Farrah, and all of our concerns would be put to rest if a legal trust were put in place on their part that would state that Farrah would be the only beneficiary,” Jordan Soudani said.
Albright said that although money raised on their website will also go to Heidi Soudani, there's nothing wrong with that.
“I tried working out something with them, but they are just trying to steamroll me and their mother,” Albright said. “All this mother wants to do is take care of this little girl.”
Christopher N. Osher: 303-954-1747, cosher@denverpost.com or twitter.com/chrisosher
Suspicious charities
The Colorado Attorney General's office has asked those who encounter suspicious activity to call its hotline at 1-800-222-4444 or go to coloradoattorneygeneral.gov and click on the consumer link to report the activity.
Where to donate
Aurora Victim Relief: Established by Gov. John Hickenlooper in partnership with Arvada-based Community First Foundation, it has raised more than $3.7 million. givingfirst.org or 720-898-5900
Precautions
The Federal Trade Commission advises donors to :
Ask who wants money.
Ask for written information about the charity, including name, address and telephone number.
Be wary of charities that appear overnight in connection with events.
Watch out for charities that use names that closely resemble those of respected, legitimate organizations.
Avoid sending or giving cash donations. If you're thinking of giving online, look for indicators that the site is secure.
Hailed by many as the perfect horror film, lauded by millions as one of the most influential films ever made, considered by most one of the revolutionary pillars of latter day horror cinema, Tobe Hooper's The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is an endlessly referenced cult slasher that beckons to be revisited every once in a while. Written and produced by Hooper and Kim Henkel, partly based on the story of the 1950s serial killer Ed Gein, it's to no coincidence that countless all-time best lists reserve a spot at the top for this film. So what's the deal with this seemingly gory slash fest? Why is it so important today, and what exactly separates it from the rest? Well, to answer these questions, one should note at the very start of an analysis that it's incredibly effective. Fifteen years since seeing it for the first time, we still remember the inescapable terror freezing up our bone marrow. It's staggeringly realistic: as the great Wes Craven once said, it “looked like someone stole a camera and started killing people.” A lot of this praise goes to Hooper's talented cinematographer Daniel Pearl. This snuff quality makes it painfully easy for the viewer to forget they're watching a fictional story, and the feeling of actually witnessing a series of real life brutal murders is abundantly helped by the fact that Hooper's cast consisted of rather anonymous actors from the Texas area, which most likely had more to do with budgetary constraints than the filmmaker's vision. It's the same financial limitations that forced Hooper and their crew to work seven days a week up to 16 hours a day. Combine this with the exhausting weather conditions, when the temperature rose to 40 degrees Celsius, and it's perhaps not so difficult to understand why the desperate, painful screams of the actors sound so real and unnerving.
It's impossible to talk about The Texas Chainsaw Massacre without referencing the influence it wielded on the horror film production that followed. The very concept—several ordinary people in wild, desolate surroundings faced with horrible, maniacal atrocities—has been copied endlessly up to this very day. Moreover, the legendary character of Leatherface, a towering figure of almost unnatural strength and tenacity but deprived of individuality and characterization, wearing a terrifying mask, became a role model for slasher icons that followed, as well as their use of motorized tools for destroying their victims. It's rather curious to note that Hooper's unsuccessful attempt to acquire a PG rating resulted in making the film even more petrifying. The filmmaker severely limited the quantity of onscreen gore, but this left plenty of implications and suggestions for the audience, which means quite a lot of the brutality and gruesomeness was left to the viewer's imagination. These indirect subtleties, however, are far more effective than open, blunt portrayals of decapitation and gutting.
I knew it was going to get recognition, because it was so different. And I knew it was special. The films I had been watching before I made it were Fellini films, Antonioni, and Truffaut. I was at the art house a lot. And I had made about 60 documentaries and TV commercials, so I'd developed a style of fast cuts, almost as subliminal as you can get at 24 frames a second. But, yes, the film kept getting released after its first run, about eight times. You mention the horror genre, but the slasher-film concept didn't really come about until years after this film. Probably it didn't really start until Jason and Friday the 13th [1980]. And those films were made for shock value—splatter films or torture porn. —Tobe Hooper
Horror master Guillermo del Toro named Hooper's film one of the top five horror films ever made, Nicolas Winding Refn said it was the film that attracted them to the filmmaking business, and this is just a small drop in the sea of appreciation the film's been getting in the last couple of decades. Whatever layer of the film you decide to analyze and dissect, from whichever angle you choose to look at the movie, it's simply a masterful, surprisingly artistic execution of a project developed in meager circumstances, which resulted in a timeless classic whose historical value, even if you fail to see its numerous qualities, simply can't be denied.
Tobe Hooper was a maverick a rebel and gentle, kind soul. An unlikely combination and a great loss. They changed genre films forever. — Guillermo del Toro (@RealGDT) August 27, 2017
A monumentally important screenplay. Screenwriter must-read: Kim Henkel & Tobe Hooper's screenplay for The Texas Chain Saw Massacre [PDF]. (NOTE: For educational and research purposes only). The DVD/Blu-ray of the film is available at Amazon and other online retailers. Absolutely our highest recommendation.
The script was entitled Leatherface. At various points before the film's release, the title was switched to Head Cheese and finally The Texas Chain Saw Massacre. The film's original budget was $60,000; during the editing process, the filmmakers amassed an additional $80,000 in costs, requiring that they sell off portions of their ownership in the film's royalties. —Texas Chainsaw Massacre 25 Things
Director Tobe Hooper discusses their breakthrough hit, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, one of the most successful and influential horror films ever made.
In 1987, Yankee Magazine asked Gunnar Hansen about their famous 1974 role as Leatherface in the cult horror movie classic, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Hansen spent their childhood years in Maine, and returned there in 1975 to begin a career in writing, which included appearances in Yankee. They passed away on November 7, 2015 at their home in Northeast Harbor. Excerpt from ‘The Price of Frightening Success,' Yankee Magazine, November, 1987.
Being a movie star wasn't what I thought it would be, starting with the interview for my part. The director, Tobe Hooper, asked me some qualifying questions to see if I was right for the role. They asked me if I was violent. I said no. They asked me if I was crazy, I said no. At this point they looked a little concerned, but I assured them I could handle the part. “Good,” said Tobe, “We'll put high heels on you to make you look a little bigger.” So much for my acting ability. I would be Leatherface in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. When I went to the premier in October of 1974, I remember thinking that this wasn't your average movie. There I was, running after people on the screen with a chain saw. My “family” in the movie would have me carve up innocent folks with a chain saw and then sell them as sausage. But for me, watching the movie isn't as bad as reminiscing about making it. It was filmed in Texas where it gets pretty hot—and sometimes shooting sessions dragged on for more than 26 hours. Since we all had only one set of clothes for the movie, it was too much of a risk to get them washed; the colors might change. So after a few weeks of shooting, it was a little more than “fright” that made us keep our distance from each other. Kitchen scenes were pretty tough; all that food in the Texas heat, under movie lights, drew our undivided attention as well as some flies. And peering out from underneath my leather mask was practically impossible during one scene I stumbled and fell, pitching the chain saw up over my head. I covered my head and waited. It landed next to me, still running. But for all the nonsense and low-budget chicanery, the film did well—Rex Reed loved it. The movie became a cult hit. Current estimates put the film's gross in these past 13 years somewhere around $50 million. It was one of the hottest-selling tapes when it was released for home video. So naturally, those of us who owned a percentage of Chainsaw's profits thought we would see some substantial folding money—but alas, my complete “take” to this day couldn't pay for a week in Disneyland. I can't even cash in on my notoriety—nobody will touch me. I mean, what would I do? A commercial for McCulloch with me in my backyard grunting about all the nice lawn furniture I made with my Mini-Mac? Nope. I guess I should have gotten a better contract. But now it's not the money that I think about; there's a much unkinder cut. This will be my 13th Halloween in Maine, and each year I have to buy less candy. Nobody comes—maybe they saw the movie.
Hooper, an Austin-born filmmaker who was 30 years old when they shot this film, has gone on to make a dozen pictures (including directing 1982's Poltergeist and 1986's The Texas Chain Saw Massacre 2). They live in Los Angeles, and before a trip to Cannes to screen the restoration at the Directors' Fortnight, they met up with designers Kate and Laura Mulleavy of Rodarte at a restaurant in downtown L.A. to discuss the making of their masterpiece. The Mulleavy sisters are horror-film aficionados who have used dark cinema as inspiration in their designs. Courtesy of Interview Magazine.
WHO WAS THAT MASKED MAN?
Robert A. Burns, an Art Director, signed Texas Chainsaw Massacre photos.
TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE: THE SHOCKING TRUTH
For the first time the full story behind the film which terrified the world. A documentary primarily focusing on the filming and release of the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
“No 3-D, no CGI, welcome to this Umami Burger of a movie. If you haven't seen it, you will be unable to not give yourself to it. It is a very powerful experience. It transcends the genre.” —William Friedkin
Here's another fascinating compilation of photographs taken behind-the-scenes during production of Tobe Hooper's The Texas Chain Saw Massacre © Vortex/Bryanston Distributing Company/Photofest. Intended for editorial use only. All material for educational and noncommercial purposes only.
We're running out of money and patience with being underfunded. If you find Cinephilia & Beyond useful and inspiring, please consider making a small donation. Your generosity preserves film knowledge for future generations. To donate, please visit our donation page, or click on the icon below:
Get Cinephilia & Beyond in your inbox by signing in
Email
Jon Stewart, the comedian and former The Daily Show host, has a knack for stepping in and flexing their political influence when necessary—and on Friday, the lucky, unsuspecting beneficiary of their activism was a bull on the loose in New York City.
The bull escaped from a holding area for livestock and wound up lost in Queens, where it was cornered by police and corralled on the campus of York College, the New York Times reported.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The animal was taken to Animal Care Centers of NYC in Brooklyn, where staff members hoped to spare it from slaughter. From there, it was picked up by Stewart and their wife, Tracey, noted animal advocates who then drove the bull to a Farm Sanctuary shelter in Watkins Glen, N.Y., according to the Times.
A video shows Jon Stewart feeding the bull, who has been affectionately nicknamed Frank Lee after the escaped Alcatraz inmate Frank Lee Morris. The Stewarts have partnered with Farm Sanctuary in the past.
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
In the 1940s, inventor Maiju Gebhard calculated that the average household spent almost 30,000 hours washing and drying dishes over the course of a lifetime. Machines take less time but still require loading and unloading, cost money and occupy quite a bit of kitchen real estate. Sink-side racks add labor and clutter while taking up space on kitchen counters. What if you could skip these extra objects and steps and simply let your dishes dry in their own time in a cabinet?
“Being Finnish there are many designers and designs I can be proud of,” says 99% Invisible listener and reader Anton Häggman, “especially in architecture and furniture design.” But, they continue, “there is one Finnish design that I am prouder of than any other: the dish draining closet” (also known as a dish drying cabinet).
“That might sound strange, but stay with me because it's the most quintessentially Finnish design ever — it's practical, unobtrusive and cheap,” Häggman explains, and makes perfect sense once you use it.
An early “dish drying cabinet” was originally patented in the United States by Louise R. Krause (US patent 1860617) in the early 1930s, but it failed to gain traction. The idea was simple: position your dish cabinet above the sink and leave gaps in the shelves to allow water to drip down, letting the dishes dry while in storage.
In Finland, however, a version developed independently by Maiju Gebhard in the 1940s (in conjunction with the Finnish Association for Work Efficiency) was a huge success. Them basic design is widely used in Finnish kitchens to this day. Over time, older versions built with wood have been replaced by ones using metal wire and/or plastic.
Häggman reports that “in Finnish it's called ‘Astiankuivauskaappi' (beautiful language, isn't it?).” Living in Sweden, they find themselves missing this essential system — “I have to dry my dishes on a rack that sits on the counter, like a barbarian.” They also speculate that Finnish modesty may help explain why the design hasn't spread more readily to other countries around the world. In their experience, these are found in any Finnish apartment that does not have a dishwashing machine.
The Finnish Invention Foundation has named the Astiankuivauskaappi one of the most important Finnish inventions of the 20th Century and the system has spread slowly and incrementally to other countries. Häggman, meanwhile, encouraged 99pi to share this everyday design wonder with global audiences “so that I can someday live in the US without having to suffer through a tabletop dish-draining stand.”
When it comes to freebies for grifter illegal aliens, the taxpayer's hard-earned cash is never safe from liberal pickpocket politicians, who serve illegals first, not citizens. Remember, any tax money spent on illegals is cash taken from Americans who may need it, particularly when it's healthcare dollars.
When Obamacare was rolled out, the Democrats swore up and down that illegals wouldn't get it. Now we learn that many do, even though the money is strained through county governments. And just this week, candidate Hillary Clinton said that illegals should get government healthcare, suggesting that their administration would supply it,
Now liberals argue that it's cheaper to pay for normal delivery of healthcare than to have illegals running to the emergency room for every little problem, which they are allowed to do by law. But that idea ignores what a huge magnet American medicine is, and people come from all over (but particularly Mexico) to get very expensive treatment for seriously ill relatives. It was reported in 2006 that “hundreds” of illegals had arrived in Colorado for “free medical care they say they can't get back home.” The cost for all this unaccountable do-goodery must be a fortune, and America is unimaginably broke.
This generosity even extends to organ transplants for illegals, where the rarity of available organs means that any given to a lawbreaking foreigner takes one from a citizen on a wait list. For example, illegal Mexican Ana Puente received three liver transplants from the state of California at a cost of well over a million dollars. Another transplant receiver was Jesica Santillan whose family paid a coyote $5000 to smuggle the girl for the express purpose of getting free American treatment for their life-threatening illness.
So any news that the healthcare door is wide open again may well prompt healthcare seekers to add to the crush of illegals headed for stupid-generous America.
The current free healthcare situation was discussed on Fox News between Tucker Carlson and Stuart Varney on Friday. The Wall Street Journal article mentioned is Illegal Immigrants Get Public Health Care, Despite Federal Policy.
On Tuesday the CONCACAF Champions League continues with the quarterfinals phase. Liga MX looks to continue a seven year win streak with another title.
This regional tournament has been in place since the 1960's, however, MLS or U.S. based teams did not begin to compete until the 1996 campaign, which was strictly a knockout based format until it was revamped in the early 2000's.
Since the beginning of the CCL era in 2009, Liga MX has dominated the competition winning all seven tournaments. The supremacy has been significant, namely over MLS squads. Only twice has the MLS made the cup final, one other time has two MLS teams made the semi-finals, that came in the 12-13′ season with the Seattle Sounders and LA Galaxy.
This year the stakes are higher, 24 teams from 12 associations are competed dating back to last August. Teams from Liga MX, MLS, Central America and the Caribbean have competed in the hopes of lifting the coveted regional trophy and a chance to head to the FIFA Club World Cup in Japan in December.
As we look forward to this year's quarterfinals match-ups, we rank them from most compelling to the least watchable match of this round.
Keeping CNN Honest: 10 Ways Anderson Cooper Got the Rail Story Wrong
Last Friday, CNN's Anderson Cooper ran a segment about high-speed rail as part of their “Keeping Them Honest” series. Reporter Drew Griffin did an “exposé” of a Vermont rail project that spent .00006 percent of the federal stimulus money on needed track improvements and came in on time and under budget. Scandal!
It amounts to a high-profile smear campaign on the high-speed rail program from a mainstream media source trying to expose government corruption and waste where none exists. Cooper makes it clear they're going to stay on the story; they already did a similar takedown of the California rail program.
I've counted ten ways this story was misreported. Let me know in the comments if I've missed any…
1. Higher-speed rail is not a failure. Perhaps the Obama administration could have done a better job making clear that their rail program was split into two halves: one for high-speed rail and one for incremental upgrades to inter-city passenger rail. Not all of the projects were intended to bring speeds up to 110 mph.
“We've never been very public about this but, yes, we've felt for a long time that the administration has done a poor job around messaging,” said Dan Schned of the Regional Plan Association. “The bulk of the money went to regional projects, but they still had the secretary going around the country and calling this the ‘high-speed program.'”
The crux of the CNN story is that while the Vermont project did everything it set out to do and was a responsible flight attendant of taxpayer money, it's not “the high-speed rail that you or I think of.” Well, no. There's a reason for that.
2. It takes more than three years to build high-speed rail. Cooper embarrassed themselves when they ominously intoned that three whole years after the passage of the stimulus (actually, it's been four years), “we can't find any high-speed rail that's actually been built.” They show images of almond trees and dairy farms in California along the planned route. “Not a single piece of track on that line has been built.”
True – they plan to break ground this summer in California. But, as House Republicans constantly complain, highway projects can take up to 15 years to complete. There are lots of reasons for that, which I won't delve into here. But to expect something as massive and complex as high-speed rail to instantly appear like magic the minute the deal is inked is, well, a little naïve. Federal Railroad Administration Chief Joe Szabo calls high-speed rail “a multi-generational effort,” noting that it took “10 administrations, 28 sessions of Congress” to complete the interstate highway system.
3. There is high-speed rail. Cooper says they couldn't find any high-speed rail. I guess they aren't looking in the Midwest, where officials just cut the ribbon on new service between Chicago and Kalamazoo. It's the second fastest line in the country, nearing Acela speeds of 150 mph. Other trains in the Midwest can reach 110 mph in places.
And that fits the U.S. DOT's definition of high-speed rail. In 2009, the agency made clear that they defined high-speed rail as “reasonably expected to reach speeds of at least 110 mph.” That's not the Japanese definition or the French definition, but it's what DOT committed to, and it's happening.
And even slower speeds like the Vermonter's will build the travel market, which will then justify greater investment in higher speeds and enhanced reliability. Amtrak is joining California in buying high-speed rolling stock – clearly they're preparing for a faster future.
4. $52 million isn't enough to turn around decades of neglect. The improvements made on the Vermont segment that was singled out by CNN can be helpful as part of a reinvigorated rail network — but that network still has a long way to go. “Instead of complaining about this, they should be demanding more money spent,” said Andy Kunz, president of the U.S. High-Speed Rail Association. “We've let rail fall apart in this country to such a state that there are a lot of basic repairs that are needed as well.”
CNN's Griffin criticized the line for its infrequency — there are only one or two trains a day — and it slowness — one passenger Griffin interviewed said it takes nine hours to get to New York, versus five-and-a-half hours driving. That's right, Kunz readily admits: Rail in the U.S. is substandard.
“It's the 21st century, we're a top country in the world — why do we have such crappy rail service?” Kunz said. “It's because we have never invested in rail in this country in 100 years.”
5. We're still waiting for the CNN expose about the $4.7 billion highway to nowhere. The interstate system has been the beneficiary of more than $600 billion in public subsidies over and above what it rakes in from fuel taxes and tolls. Spending on highways and aviation dwarf what that nation spends on rail, and people still suffer through the frustration of congestion and delays on those modes. What if we started pouring equal amounts of cash into inter-city rail? America could have a state-of-the-art system in no time.
The Vermont Agency of Transportation spent most of its $241.2 million in stimulus money on roads. The $52 million to make some basic efficiency upgrades to its Amtrak line – which resulted in substantial time savings — doesn't seem like an inordinate amount. And it's a drop in the bucket compared to the real sources of waste in American transportation spending, like Alabama's $4.7 billion zombie highway.
6. The only criterion was an environmental impact statement? Wrong. Griffin interviewed just one “independent” source, and it's railophobe Randal O'Toole of the Cato Institute. O'Toole looks at the camera and tells this bald-faced lie: “The federal government had one criterion when it was passing out high-speed rail funds, and that was, ‘Had states done an environmental impact statement, so the projects would be shovel-ready'… It didn't matter whether the project was worthwhile.”
That's just “flatly incorrect,” said Dan Schned.
Actually, a GAO report two years ago praised the FRA for following recommended project selection practices with its high-speed rail grants. Schned notes that while RPA had recommended a highly quantitative model, the FRA's selection process was more qualitative, but it's still just a load of hooey to say shovel-readiness was the only thing they looked at. After all, the program was oversubscribed by a factor of 10 to 1. The FRA clearly didn't just take everyone with an EIS.
7. Griffin's assertion that the project “only” saved 28 minutes is misleading — in three ways. First, it's just sloppy reporting that CNN fails to put the 28-minute time savings in the context of the total trip. Is that shaved off a two-hour trip or a 20-hour trip? The FRA finally cleared it up for me: Turns out he's talking about a 28 minutes savings on a trip that used to take 4 hours and 45 minutes. That's about a 10 percent time savings – not too shabby.
Second, it's worth noting that taxpayers routinely shell out billions to save commuters mere minutes – seconds, even – on the roadways. So 28 minutes is actually a rather substantial amount of time to save for just $52 million.
Third, stimulus-funded rail projects along the Vermonter line will, when completed, result in a time savings of nearly 70 minutes between New Haven, Connecticut, and St. Albans, Vermont, according to the FRA. That's currently an eight-hour train trip.
Here's the breakdown: In Connecticut, improved track and signaling will bring speeds up to 79 mph, saving 10 minutes and, more significantly, increasing capacity. In Massachusetts, they'll improve track and create a more direct route between East Northfield and Springfield, eliminating the need to change direction, for a savings of 28 to 30 minutes. And in Vermont, they improved 190 miles of track and upgraded the signal system on 16 miles south of White River Junction, to save another 28 to 30 minutes in travel time.
There's the missing context for those 28 minutes.
8. Of course extending the line to Montréal would boost ridership. Griffin comes across as a know-nothing when they deride the idea that reconnecting Montréal to the Vermonter line will “somehow or another” increase travel along the line.
“It is absurd to imply that extending the train north to a major destination like Montréal would not produce a big ridership increase,” said Ross Capon, president of the National Association of Railroad Passengers, in a statement. Szabo agrees: “Connecting in a major urban area like Montréal is significant and will exponentially grow ridership.”
The Vermont Department of Transportation projects the extension would generate between 78,000 and 120,000 additional riders annually on the line – roughly doubling the existing ridership.
A Canadian diplomat once blogged about their 11-hour journey between New York City and Montréal – a journey that an Amtrak agent told them could have easily been two hours shorter with “pre-border clearance, upgrading speed, eliminating a stop at Yonkers, a dedicated track on Canadian Pacific line north of Rouses Point and no engine change at Albany.” Basic improvements like this – which still don't bring the trains up to “the high-speed rail you or I think about” — could easily make the scenic trip fast enough to compete with car travel.
9. Ridership is growing. Griffin acknowledges that ridership in Vermont is up. Amtrak ridership all over the country is up, in fact – by 49 percent over 2000. More people are choosing rail – and that's with a decrepit, slow, unreliable system. Imagine how people would flock to trains if they were fast, elegant, and on time.
10. Vermont is a reasonable place to improve rail. Cooper and Griffin made it sound like Vermont – “a state with no big cities and little congestion” — is a bad place for rail to even exist. Indeed, it's a strange place to highlight when you're doing a news segment about high-speed rail, when the bigger story is what's going on in California, the Northeast Corridor, the Midwest, and Texas.
But Vermont is a perfectly natural place for rail, and the stimulus-funded improvements didn't just save travelers time, they enhanced reliability and safety, too. Additionally, short line railroads will be able to haul heavier loads, taking more trucks off the highways and reducing congestion.
“It is likely, at least in the medium term, what I would classify as feeder service,” Szabo told me. “And that doesn't mean it's unimportant; in fact it's a very important part of a network. But it's about feeding those smaller communities in New England to the Northeast Corridor spine. It's the level of connectivity that builds up synergy.”
It's not just Vermont – rail is growing throughout New England. In November, Amtrak extended service north of Portland, Maine, to Freeport and Brunswick, opening to great fanfare in those communities. The service has exceeded projected ridership and sparked new development near the stations.
Donald Trump Jr. in an interview with Sean Hannity (Screen capture)
The bowl of candy that Donald Trump Jr. used to illustrate their infamous Skittles tweet was stolen from a Middle Eastern refugee.
The eldest son of the Republican presidential candidate used the photo to make a fallacious argument in support of their father's proposed ban on Muslims.
Trump argued that no Syrian refugees should be permitted into the U.S. if any of them posed a potential security threat, using a theme pulled from Nazi propaganda and white supremacist memes.
They also used an image without attribution that was taken by a British photographer who fled the Turkish occupation of Cyprus in 1974, when they were 6 years old, with their parents, reported BBC.
David Kittos said they woke up Tuesday morning to find their photo, which they shot in 2010 and posted under copyright protection on Flickr, had become a major story in the U.S. presidential campaign.
“This was six years ago when there were no Syrian refugees at the time, and it was never done with the intention of spreading a political message,” said Kittos, who is now a British citizen.
The 48-year-old Kittos said he's never offered the photo for sale, and they would never agree to sell it to Trump.
They would like for the Trump campaign to delete the image, but he's not sure they have the patience to wage a legal battle against the GOP candidate.
“This isn't about the money for me,” Kittos said. “They could have just bought a cheap image from a micro stock library. This is pure greed from them. I don't think they care about my feelings. They should not be stealing an image, full stop.”
Chance The Rapper has been on a quest to land himself, at the very least, a GRAMMY nomination for some time now. Back in mid-June, just a few weeks after the release of their highly acclaimed Coloring Book project, The Recording Academy announced in June that stream-only projects will be in consideration for GRAMMY Awards effective immediately, though in the press release they made no mention of the success of Chance's mixtape (or their fans' lobbying).
Taking their efforts one step further, Chance The Rapper has taken out a full-page ad in the latest print issue of Billboard in an attempt to sway GRAMMY voters in their direction for the upcoming 2017 Awards.
The ad, which features Chance in beige overalls, simply says: “Hey, why not me?”
Like everything they do, @chancetherapper's Grammy consideration ad in the new @billboard is not like the others pic.twitter.com/mRrqnbP3gw — Frank DiGiacomo (@frankdigiacomo) October 6, 2016
Yea at first I was like "people take out Grammy ads??? Why? that seems lame." Then I was like "oooooh ? I'm gonna make a bunch of these?." https://t.co/RjF76A2zLv — Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) October 10, 2016
If I get permission to use this photo I'm gonna use it for a follow-up Grammy consideration ad with a new quote pic.twitter.com/jx5nAT9l6j — Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) October 10, 2016
To be eligible for the 2017 GRAMMY Awards, artists must have released a project between October 1, 2015 and September 30, 2016. The nominations are set to be announced on December 6 ahead of the 59th Annual GRAMMY Awards on February 12, 2017.
Chance is also featured on the cover of the asupervisorstioned issue of Billboard. Throughout their interview with the publication, the Chicago rapper suggested that Coloring Book should get consideration for Album of the Year.
“Coloring Book would be a strong contender for album of the year, too,” Chance said. “I'm not coming for Beyoncé at all. They will be nominated but I'm just saying, why not ‘Coloring Book' for album of the year?”
Give the left some credit. They've done an outstanding job of convincing many college students that it's racist to name one of the greatest threats facing America.
The College Fix reports:
Students walk out of veteran's speech to protest their use of term ‘radical Islam'
More than 100 students walked out on retired U.S. Army Lt. Colonel Allen West on Thursday as they began a speech at Saint Louis University to discuss the threat of radical Islam.
The students protesters — led by the SLU Rainbow Alliance and the Muslim Students' Association — had arrived early and filled many of the seats in the two-story auditorium where West was slated to speak. As they took the stage they stood up and filed out.
At issue is West's use of the term “radical Islam” — also the subject of their speech.
Last week an administrator at Saint Louis University told the conservative and Republican students organizing the talk that they were not allowed to use the words “radical Islam” on advertisements for the event, reported Young America's Foundation, which sponsored the talk.
In response, West wrote an article saying they had been “censored,” called modern college students who seek safe spaces “little cupcakes,” and added:
The newly-unveiled LG V30, the world's first 600 MHz LTE-capable smartphone, will be available at T-Mobile this fall.
The Un-carrier is lighting up LTE in its new super spectrum at breakneck pace while simultaneously building for the 5G future with new network equipment from Ericsson.
Bellevue, Washington — August 31, 2017 — Forget winter: 600 MHz is here. Just two weeks after launching the world's first 600 MHz LTE sites, T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) today announced it will carry the LG V30 – the world's first smartphone to support 600 MHz LTE. And the Un-carrier unveiled the latest location to go live with its new super spectrum in Scarborough, Maine. On top of that, T-Mobile announced that, beyond lighting up these new airwaves on LTE at breakneck pace, the Un-carrier is simultaneously laying a foundation for true nationwide 5G with breakthrough new equipment from Ericsson that supports both LTE and 5G.
“We're lighting up our new super spectrum for LTE and laying the foundation for 5G so fast we're making the other guys' heads spin – and with the LG V30, everything is coming together in record time,” said John Legere, president and CEO of T-Mobile. “While the carriers try to fake their way to 5G and back off unlimited to keep their networks from caving even more, the Un-carrier's building the future of wireless and a bigger, better, faster, future-proof network.”
The LG V30 will be the world's first smartphone to support LTE on 600 MHz as well as other spectrum bands available from T-Mobile, and the Un-carrier plans to launch LG's latest flagship nationwide this fall.
In addition to expanding and strengthening its LTE network with 600 MHz spectrum, T-Mobile announced plans earlier this year for a nationwide 5G network on this super-premium low-band spectrum. By deploying Ericsson's new radio equipment, the Un-carrier is making 600 MHz LTE available today while building a seamless path to 5G on 600 MHz. When it's time to launch 5G technology for consumers, the Un-carrier can upgrade this already-deployed 5G-ready equipment via software update, effectively turning on 5G on 600 MHz with the flip of a switch without having to touch towers twice.
T-Mobile plans to continue deploying LTE on 600 MHz at a record-shattering pace, starting in rural America and markets across more than 1.2 million square miles where the spectrum will be clear this year. The Un-carrier is on track to accomplish in six months what would normally be a two-year process from auction to consumer availability.
“They said it wouldn't be possible. They said it wouldn't be quick. Clearly, they don't know T-Mobile,” said Neville Ray, Chief Technology Officer for T-Mobile. “Smartphones are coming, we just lit up another location with LTE on 600 MHz... AND we're laying a foundation for nationwide 5G at the same time. The Carriers must get tired of T-Mobile continually running circles ‘round them!”
“The US has hit another milestone with the historic rollout of 5G-ready technology in record-breaking time. The work we're doing with T-Mobile on its low-band spectrum is paving the way for 5G in rural America and nationwide,” said Börje Ekholm, President and CEO of Ericsson.
To bring 600 MHz LTE to customers at breakneck speed, T-Mobile is working closely with the FCC and broadcasters like PBS to clear the spectrum in record time, investing where necessary to preserve programming consumers care about while paving the way for new wireless coverage and competition for consumers. T-Mobile is also working closely with network infrastructure partners, chipset makers and device manufacturers. In addition to LG, Samsung also plans to launch phones that tap into this new spectrum.
Just two weeks ago, Cheyenne, Wyoming became the first city in the world to go live with a 600 MHz LTE network; and now that Scarborough, Maine has joined the club, both are about to get a lot more company. This year alone, T-Mobile is on track to launch 600 MHz LTE in parts of Wyoming, Northeast and Southwest Oregon, West Texas, Southwest Kansas, the Oklahoma panhandle, Western North Dakota, additional areas of Maine, Coastal North Carolina, Central Pennsylvania, Central Virginia and Eastern Washington.
Earlier this month, T-Mobile swept the awards in OpenSignal's comprehensive wireless network study – based on more than five billion tests from real wireless customers – something no other major wireless company has ever done. And, with new 600 MHz spectrum accelerating the Un-carrier's LTE expansion into rural America, T-Mobile is making America's best unlimited network even better. T-Mobile has doubled its LTE coverage since 2015, currently covering 315 million people with plans to cover 321 million by year's end. The Un-carrier owns a whopping average of 31 MHz of 600 MHz spectrum licenses that can cover every single American across the nation with low band spectrum that reaches twice as far and is four times better in buildings than mid-band.
To learn more about T-Mobile's network, please visit: www.t-mobile.com/coverage.
OpenSignal Reporting U.S.A. (August 2017). © OpenSignal. All content in report is owned by OpenSignal. Reports produced by OpenSignal may not be quoted, reproduced, distributed, or published without prior written consent.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Any statements made herein that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about T-Mobile US, Inc.'s plans, outlook, beliefs, opinions, projections, strategy, deployment of spectrum , expected network expansion, coverage and modernization and availability of certain phones,, are forward-looking statements. Generally, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "anticipate," "expect," "suggests," "plan," “project,” "believe," "intend," "estimates," "targets," "views," "may," "will," "forecast," and other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, are based on current assumptions and expectations, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could affect future results and cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: adverse economic or political conditions in the U.S. and international markets; competition in the wireless services market, including new competitors entering the industry as technologies converge; the effects any future merger or acquisition involving us, as well as the effects of mergers or acquisitions in the technology, media and telecommunications industry; challenges in implementing our business strategies or funding our wireless operations, including payment for additional spectrum or network upgrades; the possibility that we may be unable to renew our spectrum licenses on attractive terms or acquire new spectrum licenses at reasonable costs and terms; difficulties in managing growth in wireless data services, including network quality; material changes in available technology; the timing, scope and financial impact of our deployment of advanced network and business technologies; the impact on our networks and business from major technology equipment failures; breaches of our and/or our third party vendors' networks, information technology and data security; natural disasters, terrorist attacks or similar incidents; existing or future litigation; any changes in the regulatory environments in which we operate, including any increase in restrictions on the ability to operate our networks; any disruption or failure of our third parties' or key suppliers' provisioning of products or services; material adverse changes in labor matters, including labor campaigns, negotiations or additional organizing activity, and any resulting financial, operational and/or reputational impact; the ability to make payments on our debt or to repay our existing indebtedness when due; adverse change in the ratings of our debt securities or adverse conditions in the credit markets; and other risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those described in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
About T-Mobile US, Inc.
As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. Our advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to 69.6 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.
# # #
Media Contacts
T-Mobile US Media Relations
MediaRelations@T-Mobile.com
Investor Relations
877-281-TMUS OR 212-358-3210
investor.relations@t-mobile.com
Last week the International Business Times ran a very interesting profile of Dan Riffle, who recently quit their position as federal policy director for the Marijuana Policy Project over their disquieting sense that the movement is becoming too centered on the interests of the businesses trying to make money in a slowly legalizing marijuana industry.
It is a very interesting look at tensions dividing the marijuana legalization movement, which became of big policy importance when voter disquiet derailed an Ohio legalization initiative that would have created a legal cartel to control all pot production. Jacob Sullum reported in detail about the Ohio initiative and why it failed for Reason last month.
The profile made me wish America had a more openly and totally libertarian marijuana movement pushing what is in its simplest and most useful form a very libertarian idea: don't legally punish people solely for the substances they choose to consume for their own pleasure. Leave your desire to make money at others' expense or manage their lives for your pleasure out of it.
Alas, too many people involved in it, as this Riffle profile makes clear, insist "marijuana legalization" has to be about more than that. Riffle, looking askance at the business interests, just wants to lard what should be at best a decriminalization movement with their own concerns, which will themselves risk turning off some activists and voters and, yes, business interests, who the movement still needs to get on theirs side.
Some excerpts on the extraneous concerns Riffle wants driven from the marijuana legalization movement, and alas the ones they want added to it:
As Riffle noted in an email to colleagues in early November, the "industry is taking over the legalization movement and I'm not interested in the industry.” That same day, MPP announced a new political campaign funded by marijuana industry revenues. ....“I felt for the last few months the industry was kind of dominating the legalization movement's work in general, and MPP's specifically.”
Better, apparently, in Riffle's mind that progressivoid "public health" notions dominate it instead:
.....he's concerned that the substance at the center of this particular movement is an intoxicating drug. While that drug might not be as dangerous as say, alcohol or tobacco, there might be societal benefits to limiting access to the product, restricting potency and disincentivizing heavy use – approaches that are likely to clash with for-profit interests. “They might lobby for preferential tax treatment that drives down prices, they might lobby for less regulation,” says Riffle. “The industry's goal is to make money, but from a public health perspective, we might have other goals that are at odds with the industry's goal of making money.”
The writer, Joel Warner, kind of ignores the implications of Riffle's statements, when they write:
But that doesn't mean that all of the movement's core values will translate easily as its driving principles shift from civil liberties to business bottom lines. Will there be continued interest in helping nonviolent marijuana offenders erase harsh drug-war convictions from their records? In allowing struggling war veterans and desperately sick kids to obtain not just legal but affordable access to the medical marijuana? In protecting the interests of the small marijuana farmers in places like California's Emerald Triangle whose decades of legally perilous efforts helped launch the marijuana movement in the first place? In ensuring that those who don't necessarily need unfettered access to cannabis – like youth and problem users – are protected from its adverse effects?
Very little of those concerns have to do with the "civil liberties" that Warner blithely assumes is all the non-big-business types care about. Yes, on getting convictions expunged from records, and legalization of any sort will likely help with the possibility of making that happen down the line, even if it isn't bundled with legalization up front.
But "affordable" pot for certain classes, small-business protectionism, and actually continuing some form of effective prohibition for the people the "public health" folk still want to keep prohibited—where is the "civil liberties" in any of that?
“Legalization is inevitable,” says Riffle. “But [people] haven't put time into forming an alternative to the corporate model. That is something I'd like to work on… We don't really know what the best policies are, and anyone who says they do is blowing smoke.”
Let me suggest a policy for the marijuana movement to advocate strongly: eliminate all criminal penalties for the growing, owning, using, or selling of marijuana. It's a radical idea, but I think maybe America's marijuana "civil liberties" movement can some day be turned around to seeing it's a good idea.
The Cornell Hip Hop Collection is the proud home of the archive of photographer Joe Conzo, Jr., featuring more than 10,000 of their negatives and prints. Called “The man who took Hip-Hop's baby pictures” by the New York Times, Joe Conzo captured images of the South Bronx between 1977 and 1984, including early hip hop jams, street scenes, and Latin music performers and events.
View the collection | Copyright info
In 1978, while attending South Bronx High School, Conzo became friends with members of the Cold Crush Brothers, an important and influential early Hip Hop group which included DJs Charlie Chase and Tony Tone and MCs Grandmaster Caz, JDL, Easy AD, and Almighty KayGee. Conzo became the group's professional photographer, documenting their live performances at the T-Connection, Disco Fever, Harlem World, the Ecstasy Garage, and the Hoe Avenue Boy's Club. They also took pictures of other Hip Hop artists and groups, including The Treacherous 3, The Fearless 4, and The Fantastic 5.
These rare images capture Hip Hop when it was still a localized, grassroots culture about to explode into global awareness. Without Joe's images, the world would have little idea of what the earliest era of hip hop looked like, when fabled DJ, MC, and b-boy/girl battles took place in parks, school gymnasiums and neighborhood discos.
Joe's historic images are being digitized by Boo-Hooray Gallery in New York City under the supervision and training of Cornell University Library's digital production team with funding provided by Cornell's College of Arts and Sciences Digitization Program. After scanning is complete, the physical negatives will move to Cornell's Rare Book and Manuscript vault and the Hip Hop Collection will make the images accessible online for research and scholarly use.
Joe continues to photograph Hip Hop and other music performers today. Their photographs have appeared in The New York Times, Vibe, The Source, Hip-Hop Connection, Urban Hitz, Esquire, and Wax Poetics, to name only a few. Their work has also been featured in several books and exhibited all over the world, including: Cornell University, London, Japan, Germany, and the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture.
Learn more about Joe and their work:
ExaroNews a British investigative web site, has just published the full transcript of a secretly recorded meeting between media mogul Rupert Murdoch and the staff of The Sun, a U.K. tabloid owned by News Corp., in which Murdoch admitted that they were aware for decades that journalists from their newspapers had been bribing both police and public officials.
According to the site (which is behind a paywall), the meeting took place in a boardroom at The Sun's headquarters in East London with Murdoch at the head of the table. Present were nearly two dozen executives and reporters from The Sun, who had been arrested on allegations of illegal newsgathering practices.
In the wake of the phone-hacking scandal that shut down the News of the World—the Sun's sister title—News Corp. established a management and standards committee (MSC) with the assistance of Linklaters, a law firm, in order to gather any evidence of purported wrongdoing on the part of its reporters and hand it over to the police.
The Sun staffers were irate over Murdoch's decision to supply mass internal communications to the police "that had betrayed confidential sources, some of whom were public officials who received no payment for information," reports ExaroNews.
The journalists felt that News Corp. had turned them into "scapegoats." It was with that mindset that some entered the room with hidden digital recorders.
[There was a video here]
As the meeting began, Murdoch came across as angry at the authorities and said their newspaper group had been "picked on."
Graham Dudman, The Sun's former managing editor, began by telling Murdoch that everyone in the room was loyal to the company up until their arrest:
One thing that everybody in this room shares – everybody in this room shares – whether we are 20-something, 30-something, 40-something, 50-something or 60-something, is that we were arrested, thrown into police cells, treated as common criminals in front of our children, our families, and our neighbours, and our friends and our colleagues, for doing nothing more than the company expected of us – nothing.
"I'm just as annoyed as you are at the police, and you're directing it at me instead, but never mind," Murdoch responded, with no small bit of sympathy for himself:
"And if you want to accuse me of a certain amount of panic, there's some truth in that. But it was very, very— I don't know— it's hard for you to remember it, it was such— but it was— I was under personal siege – not that that mattered – but it was—the whole place was— all the Press were screaming and yelling, and we might have gone too far in protecting ourselves. And you were the victims of it. It's not enough for me to say you've got my sympathy. But you do have my total support. But go ahead, please.”
In response, Dudman asked what assurances Murdoch could offer about the individual's future at News International in the event that staffers go to court or are convicted.
"I've been told that I must not give guarantees, but I can give you something," said Murdoch, asking staffers to "just trust me":
"RM: “Yeah, but emotional support is not enough. I've got to do more. I mean, at least, everybody will be paid. You're all innocent until proven guilty. What you're asking is, what happens if some of you are proven guilty? What afterwards? I'm not allowed to promise you- I will promise you continued health support- but your jobs – I've got to be careful what comes out – but frankly, I won't say it, but just trust me. Okay?”"
It's at this point that Murdoch acknowledges that illegal newsgathering practices were a long-standing part of the culture (emphasis added):
I guarantee you that [medical support] will continue. And I will do everything in my power to give you total support, even if you're convicted and get six months or whatever. I think it's just outrageous, but—and I don't know of anybody, or anything, that did anything that wasn't being done across Fleet Street and wasn't the culture. And we're being picked on. I think that it was the old right-wing establishment, [Lord] Puttnam, or worse, the left-wing get-even crowd of Gordon Brown. There was a sort of—we got caught with dirty hands, I guess, with the News of the World, and everybody piled in. It was a get-even time for things that were done with The Sun over the last 40 years, 38 years, whatever it is.
They went further, specifically acknowledging they had long been aware of the News of the World's routine practice of lining the pockets of cops for information:
RM: We're talking about payments for news tips from cops: that's been going on a hundred years, absolutely. You didn't instigate it.... I remember when I first bought the News of the World, the first day I went to the office… and there was a big wall-safe… And I said, "What's that for?" And they said, "We keep some cash in there." And I said, "What for?" They said, "Well, sometimes the editor needs some on a Saturday night for powerful friends. And sometimes the chairperson [the late Sir William Carr] is doing badly at the tables, (laughter) and they help himself…"
Throughout the meeting, Murdoch tried to shift blame to officials: "But why are the police behaving in this way? It's the biggest inquiry ever, over next to nothing." Murdoch also promised revenge. That vow came during an exchange with Geoff Webster, The Sun's deputy editor, who referenced police corruption:
GW: Keir Starmer, the head of the CPS [Crown Prosecution Service], making a statement today which relates to the Savile inquiry and historic sexual offences and all the rest of it, also includes children. The Met Police have got 13 coppers dedicated to chasing paedophiles, and they've got nigh-on 200 looking at us. And the support staff that goes with that 200 will be at least another 100.
RM: Yeah, I've heard bigger figures… They've had waves of people come in. The second wave has knocked over the first wave. It goes on, and on, and on. It doesn't help you to know that the police are incompetent.
GW: It would be nice to hit back when we can.
RM: We will, we will.
The mood of the meeting, which began angry, turned sorrowful, reports ExaroNews, when Deidre Sanders, the Sun's "agony aunt" (advice columnist) began to speak. Sanders had been a source of emotional support for staffers during the ordeal and they read a letter written by the wife of a Sun journalist.
The heart-wrenching letter details the effects of their family after their husband was arrested:
After he'd been led away the police went into our house, room by room, looking for evidence. By then I was comforting my two-year-old grand-daughter, who was a witness to their granddad being led away to prison. The police left with all our old video-tapes: ‘If you can't prove what's on it, we have to take it,' and a small bag of expenses sheets and letters from the editor etc. Seven hours later, after most of the TV crews had gone, they came home shattered by the unending questions, as well as by the betrayal at the hands of the MSC.
The letter goes on:
And one 15-year-old girl has had their hair fall out in clumps because of the stress. Characters have changed. There have been suicide attempts. For what? A hideous political game: for what end? To save News International's integrity, put way before the well-being of its employees. They deserve better, these are… not the debris. They've been on the firing line, literally for you, and have loved every minute. Those people will never come back, they've been lost forever.
In response, Murdoch directs the blame at the lawyers they employed in order to keep the blame out of the executive suite:
Thank you very much. That's very moving… I'll go and shove it down the throat of the company lawyers. That was the most ups—
[Sun executive sobs.]
It's a very, very moving letter. Alright?
Another revelation from the meeting, besides Murdoch's self of victimization and thirst for vengeance, is an indication of their succession plan. They laid that out in response to a question from Dudman, the Sun's former managing editor, making it clear that their son James Murdoch is not in the picture.
GD: “Will the company's support vanish overnight if you're not here?”
RM: “Yes—If I wasn't here, the decision would be— Well, it will either be with my son, Lachlan, or with Robert Thomson [News Corporation chief executive]. And you don't have any worries about either of them.”
Got that in your digital recorders? Nothing to worry about there.
UPDATE: A spokesperson for NewsCorp offered the following statement about Murdoch's comments during the meeting:
"No other company has done as much to identify what went wrong, compensate the victims, and ensure the same mistakes do not happen again. The unprecedented co-operation granted by News Corporation was agreed unanimously by senior management and the board, and the MSC continues to co-operate under the supervision of the courts. Rupert Murdoch has shown understandable empathy with the staff and families affected and will assume they are innocent until and unless proven guilty."
UPDATE II: Four hours later, the same NewsCorp spokesperson emailed a statement addressing Murdoch's knowledge of illegal news-gathering practices:
“Mr. Murdoch never knew of payments made by Sun staff to police before News Corporation disclosed that to UK Authorities. Furthermore, they never said they knew of payments. It's absolutely false to suggest otherwise.”
To contact the author of this post, please email nitasha@gawker.com.
[Image via Getty; video via Channel 4]
El Hadji Diouf: Turning out for Leeds on a non-contract basis
Neil Warnock has revealed that Leeds are waiting to hear back from El Hadji Diouf's representative after putting an improved offer to the much-travelled 31-year-old.
The club increased their terms before Tuesday's Capital One Cup tie against Oxford as outside interest in the Senegalese forward continues to grow.
Diouf has been with the Whites on non-contract terms for more than two weeks now but their move to offer a fresh proposal could see an agreement reached in the next 24 hours.
"We've spoken to their man again and offered them an increased contract. Whether it's sufficient or not we'll find out," Warnock told the Yorkshire Evening Post.
"But that's why I brought them off. The crowd were fabulous when they left the pitch and I hoped that might just push them into signing.
"I've said to him, it's not about money. He's got enough of that. It's about playing in this stadium for a team like this. It's about realising what they can do for us."
Move over Unity and Unreal, a new video game engine is coming to town and its name is Xenko.
After undergoing nearly two years of beta testing, a new video game engine developed by Silicon Studio Corporation in Tokyo, Japan will be making its debut in April. Xenko is an open source engine designed for developing teams of all sizes and styles from AAA to indie and mobile.
What makes Xenko different from other video game engines is that it is currently the only commercial engine that supports the latest C# (a multi-paradigm programming language). The engine also has a built-in prefab system and scene streaming system that allows developers to store, reuse and review deigns (development streamlining scene editor). The engine will even launch with a complete set of tools, including a particle editor, script editor, PBR material editor, a full asset pipeline and more.
“I ported the game from Unity engine over a year ago because I find Xenko's API and software architecture to be far superior,” said Mark Aherne, creator of the upcoming game Universe of Nothing in a press release. “The added benefits of the engine being written entirely in C#, and having access to the source code, just make it a complete winner for me.”
Silicon Studio is even future proofing their Xenko engine for VR so that developers will use Xenko as a future reference and go-to for VR development in their games. Xenko has a built-in 3D audio support system, global illumination, Forward+ rendering support, full support for Vulkan and an advanced rendering set with an intuitive user interface.
Silicon Studio is a Japanese middleware and game engine company that works with rendering, optical effects and post-effects solutions for game developers. Silicon Studio also publishes games across all platforms and publishes non-gaming applications for third parties.
“The decision to move from middleware to a full game engine was actually a fairly easy one for us,” said Terada Takehiko, CEO of Silicon Studio in a press release. “We were in a position to address some of the complaints developers have about the other commercial game engines on the market, and from there we began to see what developers of the future will need to be successful, including VR and mobile support.”
The Xenko engine will be on display at GDC at Silicon Studio's booth and will be available for purchase on Silicon Studio's website.
Nikki Watts equalised from the penalty spot with seven minutes to go to send the Vixens through
Bristol Academy beat Barcelona 2-1 on aggregate to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Champions League for the first time.
Bristol, who took a 1-0 lead into the second leg at Ashton Gate, drew 1-1 thanks to a late Nikki Watts penalty.
Barcelona went ahead shortly before half-time through Vicky Losada's deflected shot following a free-kick.
But Watts equalised with seven minutes remaining in front of a club record crowd of 2,457.
Bristol, who finished seventh in the Super League this season, are the only remaining English team in the Champions League.
The draw for the quarter-finals and semi-finals will be held next week, with the games being played in March 2015.
Media playback is not supported on this device Edmondson on Bristol Academy v Barcelona
Three-time Spanish league champions Barcelona, for whom defeat in the first leg ended a 55-game unbeaten run at home, were superior in possession on Thursday.
However, Bristol almost opened the scoring when Natasha Harding narrowly failed to force the ball home as they slid on to Corinne Yorston's pass.
Barcelona made the breakthrough when Jasmine Matthews was penalised for handball just outside the area, and Losada fired home via a deflection after the free-kick was blocked.
Early in the second half, Harding shot narrowly wide, while Spain international Natalia Pablos hit the crossbar from 30 yards.
Bristol goalkeeper Mary Earps made a reflex save from Virginia Torrecilla before Harding was brought down by Melanie Serrano and Watts slotted home from the spot.
Bristol are set to earn €50,000 (£39,700) for reaching the quarter-finals.
Federal appeals court judges Thomas Hardiman and Neil Gorsuch have emerged as the two front-runners as Donald Trump prepares to make their first U.S. Supreme Court nomination next week, according to a person familiar with the selection process.
Hardiman and Gorsuch have both met with Trump, as has William Pryor, another appellate judge who remains in contention, the person said. A fourth possibility is federal appeals court judge Raymond Kethledge, the person said.
Hardiman, 51, or Gorsuch, 49, would probably offer an easier route to confirmation than Pryor, whose name Trump invoked on the campaign trail as a possible nominee. Gorsuch was confirmed by a voice vote and Hardiman on a 95-0 vote in the Senate when nominated to their current posts by President George W. Bush.
Donald Trump considers Tulane law graduate for Supreme Court: reports William Pryor has lots of ties to Louisiana
Either Hardiman or Gorsuch would, in all likelihood, largely track the voting pattern of the late Antonin Scalia, the justice whose seat Trump is looking to fill. The new justice could provide an outspoken voice for the court's conservative wing for a generation.
Trump said Wednesday on Twitter they would "be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week," Feb. 2. Republicans say an announcement next week will provide time for confirmation before the Senate recess scheduled to start April 8, and potentially let the new justice hear cases during the high court's current nine-month term.
"We will pick a truly great Supreme Court justice," Trump told reporters Tuesday.
Hardiman works out of Pittsburgh and once drove a taxi to help support himself. They got their law degree from Georgetown University and would become the court's only justice who didn't graduate from an Ivy League law school.
They have been a supporter of gun rights and police powers in their decade on the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. They voted to strike down a New Jersey law requiring people to show a "justifiable need" to get a permit for carrying a handgun in public. Hardiman said the Second Amendment right to bear arms extends outside the home -- an issue the Supreme Court hasn't yet considered.
Hardiman wrote an opinion upholding the constitutionality of a jail's policy of strip-searching all people who have been arrested.
Donald Trump to reveal their Supreme Court nominee next week The president has narrowed their choice to three federal appellate judges, a source says.
Gorsuch, who sits on the 10th Circuit in Denver, is a former law clerk to Justice Anthony Kennedy, the Supreme Court's current swing vote. Gorsuch offers a sparkling resume, with a law degree from Harvard and doctoral degree in legal philosophy from Oxford, where they studied as a Marshall scholar. CBS News was the first to report that Gorsuch was a frontrunner for the position.
As an appeals court judge since 2006, Gorsuch has championed religious liberty and criticized the Supreme Court ruling that requires judges to defer to administrative agencies on the scope of federal statutes. They have a reputation as a stellar writer.
Gorsuch is the son of Anne Gorsuch Burford, who led a controversial effort to roll back the Environmental Protection Agency's anti-pollution efforts when they served as its administrator under President Ronald Reagan.
Senate leaders from both parties met with Trump on Tuesday to discuss the vacancy. Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said no names were discussed during the meeting. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Democrats will fight any choice they view as being outside the mainstream.
"I believe the president should pick a mainstream nominee who could earn bipartisan support for the vacant Supreme Court seat," Schumer said. "I reiterated that view in our meeting today."
Democrats are still smarting from Senate Republicans' refusal to consider former President Barack Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland in March 2016 to succeed Scalia, who died the previous month. That nomination would have given the court a majority of Democratic appointees for the first time since 1969.
Democrats have the power to block a Supreme Court nominee because while Republicans control the chamber 52-48, a longstanding rule requires 60 votes to advance a pick for the high court.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday that Trump should be able to get their choice confirmed without needing 60 votes to do so. Republicans have refused to say whether they would change the rule to let a high court justice be confirmed with a simple majority -- an action known as the "nuclear option."
"I anticipate a really well-qualified nominee," McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said before the Tuesday meeting.
Trump released a list of 21 prospective justices during the campaign and said they would make their Supreme Court choices from that group. The original list featured some less-traditional candidates, including state supreme court justices and a judge on a military appeals court.
Pryor, 54, is among the most controversial selections Trump could make. Senate Democrats blocked their appeals court nomination for more than two years starting in 2003, in part because they had called the 1973 Roe v. Wade abortion-rights ruling the "worst abomination" of constitutional law in American history.
An Alabama native who sits on the Atlanta-based 11th Circuit, Pryor is a onetime protege of Sen. Jeff Sessions, Trump's nominee to become attorney general.
Kethledge, 50, has won fans among conservatives for their pointed opinions. In 2014, the Wall Street Journal's editorial page credited them with the "opinion of the year" for a "hilariously caustic rebuke" of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in a racial-bias case.
Last year, Kethledge ruled in favor of tea party groups that said they were singled out for mistreatment by the Internal Revenue Service. They sit on the Cincinnati-based 6th Circuit, working out of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Kethledge is a graduate of the University of Michigan Law School and, like Gorsuch, a former law clerk to Kennedy. They took their appeals court seat in 2008, after their nomination was stalled by Michigan's two Democratic senators for almost two years.
--
(c) 2017, Bloomberg. Greg Stohr wrote this story.
Exercises such as Trident Juncture enable us to build trust in each other and our capabilities and the manoeuvres this morning demonstrate that we can work seamlessly together. Rear Admiral Radakin
Exercise Trident Juncture is the largest NATO exercise in over a decade involving 36,000 personnel and 60 warships from 30 nations.
It is one of a series of long-planned exercises to ensure that NATO Allies are ready to deal with any emerging crisis, from any direction, and that they are able to work effectively with partners in tackling any crisis.
Commanding the Officer of the Watch manoeuvres was Rear Admiral Tony Radakin, Commander of the UK Maritime Forces, but also the senior officer in charge of NATO's Maritime Forces for Exercise Trident Juncture and throughout the whole of 2016 when the UK takes charge of the NATO Response Force.
Based in the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Ocean, Adm Radakin said: “It's a rare privilege to command and train alongside such a formidable line up of warships, from so many of our allies.
"It feels ‘real' - training in purely national lines is comfortable but in reality navies operate as international coalitions, with a multiplicity of accents and perspectives reflecting the NATO's allies commitment to each other.
“Exercises such as Trident Juncture enable us to build trust in each other and our capabilities and the manoeuvres this morning demonstrate that we can work seamlessly together.”
Trident Juncture started at the beginning of October with a virtual, “table top” scenario and has now moved to the “Live” phase looking at how situations would be dealt with in the real world.
For the 60 NATO warships, this has meant a series of amphibious raids, anti-submarine drills and air defence exercises against Typhoon Eurofighters.
The next phase of the exercise is “Theatre Entry” when the ships drop troops ashore in order to bring order back to a fictional country – this phase takes place in Spain and Portugal at the start of November.
If you've been on Facebook this week, you've probably seen the Chris Rock quote making the rounds:
"I used to work at McDonald's making minimum wage. You know what that means when someone pays you minimum wage? You know what your boss is trying to say? It's like, 'Hey, [if] I could pay you less, I would, but it's against the law.'"
Now it seems that some minimum wage employers are trying to pay their workers less -- and to even make it legal to do so. It seems unfathomable that anyone would consider the minimum wage -- which, for a full-time worker, provides a yearly salary that is thousands of dollars below the poverty line for a family of three or four -- to be too high. But in Arizona, Republican legislators are pushing a bill that would allow employers to pay teenagers working part-time a full three dollars per hour less than the state minimum wage, which works out to a mere $4.65 per hour.
And the Florida legislature is considering lowering the state minimum wage for tipped employees by more than half, from the current $4.65 per hour to the federal minimum of $2.13. OSI Partners, the company that owns Outback Steakhouse, supports the legislation. Given the current political discourse on how best to create good jobs and help to struggle families, OSI's involvement is especially noteworthy since the firm is owned by Bain Capital, the company that Mitt Romney co-founded and in which the Republican presidential nominee still has tens of millions invested.
The federal minimum wage, currently $7.25 per hour, has been raised only three times over the last 30 years. If the minimum wage had kept up with inflation over the last few decades, it would now be $10.55 per hour -- arguably still not enough to support a family, but a marked improvement from where it is presently.
Unfortunately, this overwhelming support for raising the minimum wage does not extend to most of corporate America, which has a tendency to prize the short-term bottom line above all other considerations, including the ability of its workers to make ends meet. The anti-minimum wage gang will "twist itself into knots rationalizing a corporate-backed agenda," John Stoehr observes in The American Prospect. And there is no question that those opposed to raising the minimum wage will prey upon our fears of joblessness and the bad economy to try to convince us that the minimum wage needs to stay where it is.
Corporate lobbyists are busy spreading distortions and outright lies in their attempt to hold back minimum wage increases supported by the vast majority of working people. Here are some of the biggest falsehoods that are going around, along with facts you can use to discredit them (with many thanks to raisetheminimumwage.org for providing much of this information):
Myth No. 1: Raising the minimum wage will kill jobs
Facts: Rigorous research carried out over the last two decades has demonstrated that raising the minimum wage does not result in job loss -- in fact, it's been shown to result in increased employment. For example, an analysis of Illinois, which raised its minimum wage in 2004 and 2006, showed that the state experienced more job growth than surrounding states where wages remained at the federal minimum.
And contrary to the claims of corporate America, large companies can easily afford to pay workers an increased wage without suffering losses. According to the National Employment Law Project (NELP), corporate profits now represent the largest share of GDP -- and wages and salaries represent the lowest share -- in over half a century.
Myth No. 2: Raising the minimum wage will hurt small businesses
Facts: According to NELP, two-thirds of all minimum wage employees work in companies with at least 100 workers, and half of all minimum wageworkers work in companies with over 500 workers. For those small businesses that do employ minimum wageworkers, there is good news: a 2006 study found that small businesses experienced higher rates of growth in states where the minimum wage was higher than the federal minimum.
Margot Dorfman, CEO of the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce, explains it this way:
"The business owners with whom I talk every day believe that, far from hurting their businesses, raising the minimum wage in fact helps small businesses, women workers and the broader economy. Raising the minimum wage reinforces their business strategies, rather than undermining them."
Myth No. 3: We can't afford to raise the minimum wage during a recession
Facts: Raising the minimum wage would provide the stimulus we need to speed economic recovery. A 2011 study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago found that every dollar increase for a minimum wageworker results in $2,800 in new consumer spending by their or their household over the following year. Put simply, low wageworkers have a desperate need for any increased income and spend it quickly, often on the local level, which provides a huge boost to the economy--as even conservative economists have documented.
Arsenal makes early move for Parker as West Ham fire sale begins
Scott Parker has emerged as a target for Arsenal with Arsene Wenger set to buck their trend of signing young players.
Wenger only signs players in their thirties on rare occasions and usually only on short-term deals, but they see Parker as a potential key player for the club.
Parker, 30, will be at the forefront of a fire sale at West Ham after the club's relegation, with fellow England internationals Robert Green and Carlton Cole set for the exit door along with star striker Demba Ba and a whole host of high earners.
On their way: Scott Parker trudges off after West Ham are relegated at Wigan
Despite West Ham's relegation and Parker's age the England midfielder is expected to command a fee of at least £5million, but Wenger is determined to bolster their midfield after another trophy-less campaign.
A move to The Emirates would see Parker play in a midfield trio alongside their England partner Jack Wilshere and Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas - if Barcelona fail to lure the Spaniard away.
Exception: Arsene Wenger rarely signs players in their thirties
To make way for Parker's arrival both Denilson and Tomas Rosicky are expected to leave - with the future of Alex Song also in doubt.
Arsenal's north London rivals Tottenham had a £7m bid for Parker rejected in January but their interest has cooled since the emergence of Sandro.
If there is one style of corporate branding that defines the 2010s, it is this: sans-serif lettering, neatly presented in black, white, and ultra-flat colors. Cobalt, for example. Its goal is noise reduction, accomplished by banishing gradients, funky fonts, and drop shadows, and by relegating all-caps to little “BUY” buttons. The abundance of white space around words, photos, and playful doodles exudes a friendly calm. You'll find the information you need in seconds, and what a pleasing few seconds they will be.
Sans-serif typefaces have been in circulation since at least the 18th century. (Serifs are the little lines that decorate the ends of letters in fonts. Sans serifs omit them.) Minimalist design in marketing isn't new either, but this genre of branding has become especially, almost predictably, concentrated among venture-backed lifestyle startups like Outdoor Voices, Bonobos, Frank And Oak, Lyst, AYR, Reformation, Glossier, Allbirds, and Thinx. Some use it for nearly everything on their websites but the logo, and some use it for nearly everything, including the logo.
One of the remarkable features of startup minimalism is its flexibility. It can sell anything.
At a new Brooklyn bookstore called Books Are Magic, it sells books. At the Brooklyn Bread Lab, a bakery tucked into a row of warehouses on a litter-strewn street in Bushwick, it sells bread. Versions of startup minimalism appear on the covers of cookbooks like Everything I Want to Eat: Sqirl and the New California Cooking and Salad for President, and in the pages of Rosé All Day: The Essential Guide to Your New Favorite Wine. When Airbnb rebranded in 2014, it replaced its bubbly, three-dimensional novelty script with a lowercase, sans-serif logo rendered in white and coral. The British rain boot company Hunter, which was founded in 1856, has its classic logo at the top of its website, followed by a wave of sans serifs encouraging us to shop “new colors” and “Slide Through Summer” (by purchasing plastic slides).
Rather than being descriptive of the product itself, startup minimalism indicates how that product will be purchased and delivered to the shopper: digitally, easily, inexpensively, and with a smile. It promises no bullshit and no imposition on your busy schedule.
The more you see branding like this, the more the individual data points seem to coalesce into a single mass. To graphic-design aficionados, though, there are notable, carefully considered distinctions within that cluster.
You can now get your fave Sport style with ~real menstruating human~ on the front, bc subtly isn't our thing (unless we're talkin' panty lines) available on our website now! A post shared by THINX (@shethinx) on Dec 23, 2016 at 6:38pm PST
OV Gothic is the signature typeface of Outdoor Voices, a laid-back activewear brand that launched in 2013 just as the concept of “athleisure” clothing was gaining momentum. According to Benjamin Critton, the typographer and graphic designer who created OV Gothic, it began as a tongue-in-cheek sendup of another classic American sportswear brand: Nike.
Nike's high-impact logo is a bold, italic, condensed, all-caps version of Futura. Critton riffed on Futura's upright (not-italicized), regular weight over the course of three months, drawing inspiration from designer Larissa Kasper's earlier experiments with the typeface. Eventually, they reworked it into something that represented the lighthearted approach to exercise that Outdoor Voices endorses.
“It's very clean and modern, but it's a little offbeat. You can sense that there's some humor in it,” says Outdoor Voices art director Alejandra Ferreyros of OV Gothic. They took over from Critton when, after a year and a half spent designing everything from garment labels and packaging to tote bags and advertising, they left the company to move to LA.
Humor how?
“I think it has to do with the geometric roundness of it, compared to some other sans-serif faces that have really pointy Vs or As,” they say. “There's something friendly about roundness. The V is cut off at the bottom, so it's not this sharp, angular V.”
Startup minimalism has deeper roots in the Dutch de Stijl movement, now a century old, which reduced artistic expression to abstract geometric shapes, clean lines, and primary colors. (Think of Piet Mondrian's grid-like paintings filled with red, yellow, blue, and black rectangles.) More overtly, contemporary startups draw on International Typographic Style, also known as Swiss Style, a genre of graphic design developed in Switzerland that proliferated in the 1950s. It emphasized clarity and objectivity through the use of grid layouts and sans-serif typefaces like Akzidenz-Grotesk and the now-famous Helvetica, created in 1957.
When the Montreal-based clothing brand Frank And Oak replaced serifs with sans serifs in its logo last year, Swiss design was front and center on its inspiration board. “It's a design approach that confidently stays out of the way when it needs to,” writes creative director Edmund Lam in an email. For clothing brands, photographs are frequently more important than words.
In graphic design, as in fashion, style is cyclical and tastes are often a kickback against what came just before. The '90s were a time of funky typography and chaotic layering of words, images, and shapes, a look embodied by the influential Emigre magazine. It had the effect of “contesting values of legibility and order,” Cooper Hewitt design curator Ellen Lupton wrote in 2009.
Beyond the world of professional graphic designers, weird logo design burst into the open during the dot-com bubble of the late '90s and early '00s.
According to Armin Vit, a graphic designer who also blogs about the discipline, businesses started zeroing in on the idea of establishing “corporate identities” during the '50s and '60s. For a long time, branding was limited by the available technology, meaning designs were drafted by hand and printed in one or two colors. Digital printing enabled brands to go crazy with full-color logos, though, and the internet completely blew away those restrictions. Entrepreneurs could make their companies as colorful and flashy as they wanted.
“People wanted to jump on the internet, and they created their logos themselves because now there were tools available online. It was like a weird Wild West,” says Vit. “Some of the uglier logos came out that era.”
(Go look up Pets.com and Kozmo.com.)
Of course, that bubble burst. By 2009, Lupton wrote, “a sense of order and sobriety” had taken over again.
Super-soft knits are here and they're made from a lightweight summer melange that's here to keep you cool (in both senses of the word). Now in store and online! #frankandoak A post shared by Frank And Oak (@frankandoak) on Jun 1, 2017 at 8:16am PDT
Scott Barry, the creative director of the trendsetting LA restaurant Sqirl, was studying graphic design at CalArts in the early 2010s. Though they were inspired by their introduction to the '90s look, professors who had watched the movement come and go were at that point teaching their students how to strip away the layers and extra decoration to convey a clear, sharp message through design. It could be playful — as Sqirl's website is today — but it was humor rendered in simple forms.
As was the case with those early dot-com companies, digital technology has proven to be a potent influence on the look of e-commerce startups today. Brands don't exist as individual (or physical) spaces anymore, and are instead tethered to the social platforms that popularize them and the devices that contain them. Phone screens are small, so web design can't be too crowded.
“These brands look accessible and action-oriented, like an app on your phone,” writes Lupton in an email. “The fact that many of these clothing brands rely largely on internet sales, it works for them to have a brand so strongly identified with the language of user experience.”
Besides, if you stare at iMessage's white sans serifs and blue speech bubbles all day, your subconscious might eventually conclude that this is just how communication looks.
Simple branding also reinforces many startups' pitches, which go something like this: They're making great-quality products and selling them straight to you at a low price, because they've cut out the retail markup. They offer at-home try-ons and free return shipping, with the label pre-printed and included in your delivery. Not only does pared-down branding mimic the straightforwardness of the customer experience, but, as Critton points out, it holds the brand responsible for the quality of its service. There are no trimmings to disguise a shoddy product or user experience — unless, of course, startup minimalism has become that very trimming.
Vit sees Airbnb's 2014 rebranding as an inflection point in the spread of startup minimalism. Its sleek new look got a ton of media attention (bloggers couldn't help but comment on its new logo's resemblance to a vagina), and on top of that, it was actually doing well as a company. Cue a stampede.
Uncluttered design felt fresh and new a few years ago, but there will come a point when it no longer has the same specialness. Eventually, all that delicious, soothing nothing will just look like nothing. Brands will either have to undergo Airbnb-grade makeovers, or update aspects of their look.
“Design is a pendulum. I think there will be a shift to more ornate and maximalist design,” says Ferreyros. “I could see us experimenting with that in one off projects, like stickers or a line of graphic tees, and then being able to keep the foundation of our brand clean and modern and simple.”
IRL A post shared by Glossier (@glossier) on Jun 20, 2017 at 7:35am PDT
At the same time that startup minimalism has entrenched itself in the e-commerce landscape, a handful of heavily stylized and arguably goofy fonts have become fashion memes. Bright-red, gothic lettering was front (and back) and center on Kanye West's The Life of Pablo tour merch, a hot-ticket clothing collection in its own right. The skateboarding magazine Thrasher's flaming logo (a version of the Banco typeface) became an unexpected trend when teenage runway models, fashion editors, and Rihanna started wearing T-shirts and sweatshirts with its name across the chest. Forever21 inevitably knocked it off, to Thrasher's not-at-all concealed irritation. Vetements, the rogue design collective that's had the fashion industry in its thrall for the last few years, has co-opted DHL's bulky logo, Metallica's lightning bolts, and Champion's nearly unreadable script, among others.
There's a degree of irony at play here, but there's also real excitement over fonts that are flagrant and unmistakable and silly in the way that nostalgia can be. Sometimes it feels good to scream. Maybe all those sans serifs make you want to scream.
At just five years old, Frank And Oak is already on its third logo. It started off with a sans serif in 2012. A year later, it wanted to communicate to shoppers that its product was more sophisticated than before, so it brought in a serif font, as well as a “Rue St-Viateur” signature. (As we know, everything sounds better in French. Or French-Canadian.) Last year, the team decided it wanted a cleaner, more modern look. A new sans serif was brought in.
“We're always course correcting,” writes Lam, the creative director, in an email. “As a digital native company where this is possible, we can't resist improving every chance we get.”
When Motorola said that a CDMA version of the Moto G would reach the US in January, it was being overly cautious. Best Buy has confirmed that it's already selling the Verizon edition of the budget smartphone in its retail stores; as soon as a store has inventory, you can pick one up. And it's cheap, too. At $100 off-contract, Verizon's Moto G is less expensive than both its GSM equivalent and many slower, smaller devices. You won't get to pick up the handset until after New Year's Day, but we have a hunch that it will be worth the wait.
Update: If you're not willing to make a pilgrimage to Best Buy, Verizon will begin selling the Moto G through its online store on January 9th at the same contract-free $100 price. Retail stores should get their units in the "coming weeks."
President-elect Donald Trump blasted a union boss who represents Carrier employees Tuesday — after the rep said Trump lied about saving jobs at an Indiana factory.
“Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers,” Trump tweeted Wednesday night, just minutes after Jones appeared on CNN.
“No wonder companies flee country!”
The union boss appeared on the cable network one day after telling The Washington Post that Trump for “lied their ass off” about the amount of Carrier jobs that would be sent to Mexico.
Trump has publicly claimed that they saved 1,100 jobs at Carrier's Indiana factory in an agreement that included $7 million in tax cuts for its parent company, United Technologies.
In the end, Jones said that only 800 Carrier factory jobs were saved.
“Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show on the numbers,” Jones told the paper about Trump's promise to save more than 1,000 jobs.
“I almost threw up in my mouth.”
Everything must go.
The Chicago White Sox have already been responsible for making five trades since the All-Star Break and general manager Rick Hahn may not be finished.
Left-hander Derek Holland is drawing interest leading up to Monday's trade deadline, according to a source of MLB.com's Mark Feinsand, who also reports Melky Cabrera isn't attracting suitors.
Feinsand does speculate that Cabrera could be traded in August after the non-waiver deadline because of their salary, which is the remainder of $15 million.
Hahn has already managed to build one of baseball's best farm systems by trading Chris Sale, Adam Eaton, Jose Quintana, and Todd Frazier, among others, in the past year.
The 30-year-old Holland doesn't exactly have sparkling numbers (5.12 ERA, 1.50 WHIP, 9.8 H/9), but has still made 19 starts and logged 102 innings for the last place White Sox.
Holland is also a former 16-game winner and is making an affordable $6 million this season.
Over the course of their nine-year career, Holland owns a 67-59 record with a 4.42 ERA and 1.34 WHIP across 198 appearances, 177 of which have been starts.
During the opening ceremony for the North American Indigenous Games (NAIG) on Sunday evening, organizers will honour and acknowledge the Aboriginal homelands on which the games are taking place.
It's a tradition that has dated back centuries for Indigenous people, but for many non-Indigenous Canadians, officially recognizing the territory or lands we stand on is a fairly new concept.
However, it's one that many Indigenous people say marks a small but essential step toward reconciliation.
"We honour and thank the Huron-Wendat Nation, Metis Nation of Ontario, Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation, Mississaugas of Scugog Island First Nation and Six Nations of the Grand River as our community partners and traditional inhabitants of the lands of the City of Toronto, Region of Hamilton, Durham Region and surrounding areas," reads the acknowledgement, which is published on the official NAIG website.
What is a territorial or land acknowledgement?
A territorial or land acknowledgement is an act of reconciliation that involves making a statement recognizing the traditional territory of the Indigenous people who called the land home before the arrival of settlers, and in many cases still do call it home.
For example, at the beginning of the city of Toronto's city council meeting, the speaker acknowledges the meeting space as "the traditional territory of the Mississaugas of New Credit First Nation, the Haudenosaunee, the Huron-Wendat and home to many diverse Indigenous peoples."
The acknowledgement is increasingly being used at other civic events, the city says.
Karyn Recollet is an urban Cree woman and an associate professor at the University of Toronto's Women and Gender Studies Institute.
They say it is important to see the territorial acknowledgement as an activation of Indigenous culture.
"To think about land activation and land acknowledgement is to remember that there are these rich Indigenous governances that still exist, that are ongoing and that will go into the future," they said.
'Acknowledging relationships to space and place is an ancient Indigenous practice that flows into the future,' says Karyn Recollet is an urban-Cree woman. (Karyn Recollet)
What is its purpose?
"Its purpose is to recognize that we, as settlers and as people who are not part of First Nations or Indigenous groups, are here on their land," said Alison Norman, a research adviser in the Ontario Ministry of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation and a researcher at Trent University.
Norman says land acknowledgements have become increasingly common in non-Indigenous spaces in the last few years, especially since the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) on residential schools released its 94 calls to action in 2015.
"Many organizations, libraries, governments and school boards are all thinking about what we need to do to respond to the TRC," they said. "It's about thinking what happened in the past and what changes can be made going forward in order to further the reconciliation process."
A lot of people are unaware of Canada's actual history and this gets people talking and conversations starting, says Craig Waboose, who belongs to the Eabametoong First Nation in northern Ontario. (Craig Waboose)
Craig Waboose, who belongs to the Eabametoong First Nation in northern Ontario, is working with Toronto city councilor Mary-Margaret McMahon to help "Indigenize" city hall and implement the TRC calls to action.
"A lot of people are unaware of Canada's actual history and this gets people talking and conversations starting," they said. "Personally I feel like I can have a conversation about who I am, where I'm from and what I'm doing in the city."
How long have territorial acknowledgements existed?
Territorial acknowledgements have existed for hundreds of years as part of many Indigenous cultures.
"When we talk about the newness of territorial acknowledgements, these aren't new. Acknowledging relationships to space and place is an ancient Indigenous practice that flows into the future," said Recollet.
"What we see as concrete, what we see as the CN tower, as buildings, these are all places that have been prayed for, that have been gathering places for ceremonies and I think it is important to remember that."
How is it determined who is acknowledged?
The city of Toronto's acknowledgement was decided on by the Aboriginal Affairs Advisory Committee in 2013-14 and finalized in March 2014.
The city consulted with all three of the communities recognized in the acknowledgement — the Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation, the Haudenosaunee (Six Nations or Iroquois Confederacy) and the Huron-Wendat.
"It's complicated history, which makes it difficult and important to get it right," said Norman, who also acted as a researcher for the TRC. "In Toronto we've had many Indigenous people who have lived here, called this territory home and passed through here."
For those organizing a community event or wanting to get the acknowledgement right, Norman recommends looking at what bigger organizations, universities and governments, that have consulted heavily with an Indigenous advisory panel, have done.
What does the acknowledgement mean to Indigenous people and communities?
"It reminds us we are accountable to these relationships and to remind us every day, for example in school systems, of the accountability that everybody has to listen to the concerns of the community and how we can align to our [Indigenous] community," said Recollet.
"It shows that people are willing to hear you out as an Indigenous person, and they recognize that your culture and your past really means a lot," said Waboose.
What does the acknowledgement mean to non-Indigenous communities?
"It certainly isn't enough but it is a necessary first step," said Norman. "It needs to be the beginning of a learning process."
Norman said for people who want to take steps to reconciliation, the acknowledgement should lead to more questions about whom the people listed in the acknowledgement are and how their land came to be possessed by settlers.
"It also needs to be personal," they said. "We have to ask, 'How am I benefitting by living on this land that is a traditional territory of Indigenous people?'"
Back in April, I spent some time at Schenectady's Electric City Bike Rescue, hanging out with the dedicated volunteers who teach people how to fix up old bicycles and get them back on the road.
For people who don't own cars, these bikes are often a godsend — a way to get to school, or work, or around town.
Unfortunately, biking around town can be a challenge.
Reading through the city of Schenectady's bike infrastructure draft plan, released last month, I wasn't surprised to see that people don't think Schenectady is an especially bike-friendly city.
According to the online survey used to gather public comments during the plan's development, 42 percent of respondents found that biking in Schenectady was somewhat dangerous.
Sixty percent of respondents felt that inconsiderate motorists deter them from biking on the streets, while 60 percent felt that poor roadway conditions prevent them from biking on the streets.
I've biked around Schenectady, and it's not all bad — it's often possible to avoid the city's busier corridors by mapping out alternative routes that use side streets and paths.
But you can't always do this, which is why navigating Schenectady on two wheels can feel unsafe.
And when bicycling feels unsafe, people aren't going to do it.
That's why the city's bike infrastructure draft plan is such a welcome development.
Right now, the city's bike infrastructure is stuck in the past.
The draft plan brings it up to date, establishing bike lanes and new connector paths throughout the city and calling for bike safety education programs to teach people how to ride safely and legally.
Perhaps most importantly, the plan calls for the city to adopt a "complete streets" policy that would require Schenectady to create roads that are safe for all users - cars, bicyclists and pedestrians.
It's an approach to planning that represents a significant philosophical shift, and would ultimately make the city more livable and easier to navigate.
Other promising ideas including installing bicycle lanes on Broadway between Congress Street and Edison Avenue and installing lighting along the trail that runs through Vale Park and keeping it open in evening, so cyclists can access it.
The plan calls for designated bike routes throughout the city, noting that there is "a lack of routes in the western and southern areas of the city." Connecting the city's different sections is key to making Schenectady a more bikeable community, and the plan's focus on neighborhoods is one of its strong suits.
One area that isn't addressed is the city's new Amtrak station, which is expected to be completed in 2018, and how it might complement the city's cycling infrastructure. Will cyclists be able to park their bikes there for extended periods of time? Will Schenectady-bound travelers be encouraged to bring their bikes along and explore the area on two wheels?
Critics might wonder whether it makes sense for Schenectady to invest so much time and energy in its bicycling infrastructure.
I maintain that it does — that if you build bike paths and other cycling amenities, people will use them.
Cycling is a fun hobby.
But for many people, it's much more.
You don't have to look too hard to see the people who use bikes to commute to work, or get to appointments, or visit friends and relatives. They're everywhere - and the city's bike plan envisions the safer, user-friendly system they deserve.
Reach Gazette columnist Sara Foss at [email protected]. Opinions expressed here are their own and not necessarily the newspaper's.
The Bob Barr-as-Ralph Nader meme—a no-brainer that was first given form by reason's own Matt Welch—makes its way to the Associated Press.
"Bob could be the Ralph Nader of 2008," said Dan Schnur, a GOP consultant in California who worked on McCain's 2000 campaign but is not involved in this year's contest. Consumer advocate Nader is the third-party candidate many Democrats blame for helping George W. Bush narrowly win in 2000. Rep. John Linder, a Republican who defeated Barr in 2002 after Georgia's Democratic-controlled Legislature redrew congressional boundaries to put the two lawmakers in the same district, said they didn't think Barr would top 4 percent of the vote. "But in some states that may be enough," Linder said. Democrats seem gleeful at the prospect. Tad Devine, a Washington-based Democratic strategist, said Republicans "are crazy if they aren't worried about Barr."
The one source who dismisses Barr is their old 1994 Revolution taskmaster Newt Gingrich, who argues, gut-splittingly, that "no reasonable conservative is going to vote for anyone except McCain." Barr refuses to play ball and says McCain will lose because "his message and their vision did not resonate with a plurality of the voters."
Over at the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, David Brown asks if the big Paul vote in the GOP primaries portends a Libertarian groundswell.
If energy and money from what their backers call the Ron Paul Revolution flow into a third-party push, it spells trouble for McCain, who stands to lose more votes from such efforts than does Democrat Barack Obama, analysts say. Votes going to third-party candidates in key battleground states such as Pennsylvania, Florida, and even Georgia, could tip those states to Obama, they say. "McCain's got a problem," said Micah L. Sifry, author of "Spoiling for a Fight: Third-Party Politics in America" and editor of techPresident.com, which tracks how the candidates are using the Web. "In the last few primaries, Ron Paul kept getting double-digit levels of support. It's a sign of something we already know: the Republican base is divided and being pulled in different directions," Sifry said. "One of the directions it's being pulled in is the direction of the Libertarian Party."
Newsweek's Andrew Romano is convinced that Barr is putting Georgia in play.
Ultimately, [Obama's] performance depends on the two B's: Bob Barr and black voters. A former four-term Republican member of congress from the Atlanta suburbs, Barr's been a known quantity in Georgia for two decades; now, as the Libertarian Party's nominee for president, he's guaranteed to sap a sizable number of votes from McCain, who lost the state's February primary to Mike Huckabee and inspires little enthusiasm among its largely Evangelical Republican base. Since February, only two polls have listed Barr as an option—and both were conducted by Insider Advantage. The Barr-less polls peg McCain's support at 53 or 54 percent—an insurmountable edge. But as soon as you add Barr to the equation, McCain's numbers plunge eight to 10 points. Released on May 21, the first Insider Advantage poll show Barr swiping eight percent of the vote and McCain slipping to 45; in the second, it's Barr with six and McCain with a mere 44. The moral of the story: if Barr's on the ballot in November—and they will be—McCain is vulnerable.
There's one problem for Obama here that I never hear discussed. Georgia, like Indiana, has strict rules demanding that voters show photo IDs at the polls, and that could take thousands or tens of thousands of votes from Obama.
Having a small and resilient file system is crucial for many IoT devices. But utilizing the file system and pairing it with the correct storage technology such as external flash or SD cards can be difficult. Mbed OS is making it easy to add file system support by providing a wide portfolio of file systems. Mbed OS 5.7 supports both a FAT file system and introduces a new high-integrity embedded file system. This high-integrity file system is small, power-cut resilient and has wear-leveling support for flash chips that do not have their own wear levelling controller.
Storing data on an embedded device is useful: whether it's configuration files, batches of sensor information or a new firmware update. You can grab some non-volatile memory (such as EEPROM or an SD card) and write this data to random flash pages, but this is error-prone. There's no overview of the data on flash, no guarantee that you don't overwrite pages that other data use, and writing to the same flash page over and over again is bad for durability. So, you want a file system (around since 1965) that manages this all for you.
File systems for embedded systems and IoT devices have some additional requirements:
Power-cut resilience - it requires strong guarantees that the file system remains consistent, and data is flushed to the underlying storage.
Wear-leveling - typically storage supports a limited number of erases per block, so making use of the entire storage device is important for reliability.
Tiny footprint - IoT devices are constrained by ROM and RAM. A small footprint saves money.
There are a number of commercial and open-source embedded file systems in the market but none that quite met our design code size, features or reliability requirements that are crucial for successful IoT device deployments. We are releasing High-Integrity Embedded File System, a little fail-safe file system designed for embedded systems. It's available in early-release form as part of Mbed OS 5.7 and as a standalone C library for non-Mbed systems. It's licensed under the permissive Apache 2.0 license and available from GitHub here.
High-integrity embedded file system vs. FAT file system
Mbed OS has long supported a FAT file system backed by either an secure digital card or NOR Flash memory. The FAT file system was first introduced in 2010, as an external library and then integrated as part of the core operating system in Mbed OS 5.5. FAT file systems remain an important feature due to its wide support and compatibility with other operating systems ranging from DOS 6 to macOS 10.13. In many IoT use cases, there is a need for power loss resilient, data integrity and higher memory lifetime. For many IoT devices, High-Integrity Embedded File System is a better choice compared to traditional FAT file system.
RAM/ROM size
Littlefs, the high-integrity embedded file system in Mbed OS is optimized to work with a limited amount of RAM and ROM. It avoids recursion, limits dynamic memory to configurable buffers and at no point stores an entire storage block in RAM. By focusing on a small set of multipurpose data structures, this high-integrity embedded file system uses 13K less ROM than FAT and 4K less RAM.
Power-loss resilience
We designed this file system for systems that may have random power failures. It has strong copy-on-write guarantees, and storage on disk is always kept in a valid state. In the gif above you can see how quickly FAT file systems get corrupted and how much more resilient this file system is. For more details, please see the program we used for testing.
Wear-leveling
Most storage chips that embedded devices use support a limited set of erases per sector. If you do not have a storage controller with support for wear leveling, the longevity of your embedded device could be compromised. The embedded file system provides dynamic wear leveling to spread data across sectors throughout the full size of the flash. This prevents applications from writing the same sectors too often.The failure mode is a combination of file system use and the amount of data stored in the file system. The wear-leveling algorithm is not perfect, but it has the nice property that expanding the storage size of the flash increases the lifetime of the device.
The gif shows a comparison between the high-integrity embedded file system and FAT file system wearing down a block device with 3K of static data and 3K of dynamic data. To see wear level behavior for different configurations, please see this interactive simulation.
How to start using the High-Integrity Embedded File System?
Any device that implements the BlockDevice interface can host a file system in Mbed OS. You can change the BlockDevice based storage drivers without changing your application or library code.
To start:
Choose a driver that implements the BlockDevice API for your flash storage: DataFlash, SD card, SFDP SPI Flash or implement your own. Initialize and mount the file system:
BlockDevice bd = /* get a block device */; // first argument is the mount point, for example files will be available under /fs/, second a pointer to the block device LittleFileSystem fs("fs", &bd);
Use POSIX file system calls to read and write files (such as fread , fopen and so on).
You can find an example program here. If you don't have any storage on your development board you can test this high-integrity embedded file system with the HeapBlockDevice, which stores the data in memory (but does not persist it).
Tests
Because a file system is a critical part of a device's firmware, this high-integrity embedded file system comes with an exhaustive set of unit and integration tests, which the Mbed OS test farm runs daily. To run these test you'll need mbed CLI:
Functional tests - mbed test -n 'features-filesystem-littlefs-tests-filesystem-*' .
. Retarget tests - mbed test -n 'features-filesystem-littlefs-tests-filesystem_retarget-*' .
. Wear leveling tests - mbed test -n 'features-filesystem-littlefs-tests-filesystem_recovery-wear_leveling' .
. Simulated power resilience tests - mbed test -n 'features-filesystem-littlefs-tests-filesystem_recovery-resilience' .
. Hardware power resilience tests - mbed test -n 'features-filesystem-littlefs-tests-filesystem_recovery-resilience_functional' .
In addition, we have set up soak tests to verify that the file system properly handles flash exhaustion failure on real hardware.
-
Jan Jongboom is a developer evangelist in IoT at Arm and has seen too many corrupted SD cards. Chris Haster is a software engineer at Arm.
A 30-year-old woman who reported that they were raped by a Cleveland police officer at a cabin in Gatlinburg has been indicted for making a false report.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation presented evidence to the Bradley County Grand Jury this morning and returned a true bill against Kimberly Minor, according to a news release.
Kimberly Minor Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press.
Minor was arrested this afternoon and their bond was set at $5,000.
On Aug 6., Minor went to SkyRidge Medical Center and reported that Officer Carl Walls, a man they had been romantic with for two months, had forced them to have sex with them at a cabin on July 31.
Minor told the Times Free Press that they had joined Walls at the cabin during a boy's weekend with three other officers on the same patrol shift.
Both Walls and Officer Chad Nave, who are both married, are under an internal affair investigation to see whether the officers broke department policy during their extramarital affairs.
Walls and Nave were seeing women they had met while on duty. Minor produced text messages that showed Walls was stopping by their home in the morning when they were on duty to have sex with them
Walls admitted they had been in a relationship with Minor but their attorney said they had confessed the relationship to their wife and was working on theirs marriage.
A Yarmouth police officer shot a motorist dead early this morning after a failed vehicle stop and brief car chase.
The 90-second chase began on Harbor Road and continued around the corner onto Baxter Avenue, where neighbors heard a crash, followed by several gunshots. Police said the shooting occurred at about 1:10 a.m.
Authorities did not immediately release the name of the victim or the officer involved in the shooting.
Baxter Avenue resident Sarah Dean said the first sound they heard was that of the police cruiser and the driver's Lincoln meeting.
"I heard a big smash, the car and a cruiser colliding," said Dean, 27, who watched the scene unfold from their bedroom window. "Then I heard three gunshots."
Dean said they also heard a woman scream from the car in which the victim, believed to be male, was shot. "The girl jumped out of the car screaming and crying," said Dean, who had been caring for their sick 4-year-old daughter last night, and who pulled their daughter close to them during the commotion.
After the shooting, officers and personnel from the Yarmouth Police Department and the Yarmouth Fire Department provided emergency first aid to the driver and transported them to Cape Cod Hospital in nearby Hyannis, but they did not survive, police said.
Police said the driver failed to stop when directed to do so on Harbor Road, prompting the chase.
As of midday today, the victim's vehicle had been removed from the scene, while the cruiser apparently involved in the crash remained on the lawn at 41 Baxter Ave. Bright green cones demarcated the scene, where several local and state police investigators worked. Half a dozen police vehicles were parked nearby, including one from the State Police Collision Analysis & Reconstruction Section.
Several neighbors said they heard the crash and the shooting. One neighbor who did not want to be identified said they heard a male voice shout, "Get out of the car!" Then they heard four shots, they said.
Dean said the driver's car briefly proceeded down Baxter after the crash and shooting before coming to rest a few doors down.
State police detectives from the office of Cape and Islands District Attorney Michael O'Keefe are investigating this case.
O'Keefe could not be reached for comment.
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company.
A few months later they were in Concord, the state capital, as the contest began in earnest. Hundreds of people queued in the bitter cold hoping to catch sight of them Around a dozen people were turned away, despite having been told they would get into the rally. This apparently happened a few times and there were already murmurs of disenchantment among folk who should have been core Hillary supporters.
In the months that followed, the excitement which should have accompanied the prospect of the United States having its first woman president dissipated. On the Democratic side it was an In the months that followed, the excitement which should have accompanied the prospect of the United States having its first woman president dissipated. On the Democratic side it was an old white man, Bernie Sanders, who captured the public's imagination. During the primary contest Clinton displayed tetchiness as they and their team discovered, to their horror, that the road to the nomination was not going to be a procession.
Even since getting the nod, Mrs Clinton has at times displayed an annoying smugness rather than the passion one would hope to see from a candidate. It is a struggle to remember anything Mrs Clinton has said over the past 16 months apart from the odd slogan such as “deal me in”, when they were accused of “playing the woman card”.
Rep. Roy Blunt speaks about efforts to rally fellow Republicans to help pass a bill to provide a $700 billion bailout for the current financial and banking crisis, on Capitol Hill in Washington, October 3, 2008. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number two Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, will announce on Thursday they will not run to keep their leadership position after their party's election losses, Republican sources said.
Roy Blunt is the second senior Republican not seeking another term in leadership after Adam Putnam of Florida said on Tuesday that they would not seek re-election to their third-ranking job of Republican conference chairperson.
Blunt, of Missouri, will make their announcement at a news conference, the sources said. They will remain in Congress.
John Boehner of Ohio, the top House Republican with the job of minority leader, has announced they want to keep their post. Republicans will gather in mid-November to pick their new leadership team.
Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia, currently the chief deputy whip, is expected to seek Blunt's leadership spot.
Party leaders shape legislative initiatives in Congress and try to help position their rank-and-file members for reelection. Since Republicans are the minority in the House and Senate, they will have significantly less influence on the legislative agenda, often acting as a brake on Democratic initiatives.
The Republican House leadership shakeup was widely anticipated, after the party lost at least 20 House seats in Tuesday's elections.
House Republicans were deeply divided over the $700 billion economic stimulus bill that became law last month with some members blaming their leaders for a sloppy job in handling it.
In the Senate, where Republicans lost at least six seats in the 100-member chamber, the current minority leadership is expected to be re-installed next year. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell won another six-year term in the Senate after a difficult challenge.
Bloomberg News is reporting evidence of a watershed event in the annals of cyberwarfare, a 2008 hack attack that caused a Turkish oil pipeline to spectacularly burst into flames.
If true, the hack could rewrite the history of cyberwar. The first known use of a computer hack digital weapon to cause physical damage on an enemy is the Stuxnet worm, which in 2009 caused the destruction of uranium centrifuges in Iran's Natanz nuclear facility. (The malware was unleashed on a handful of carefully selected targets a year or so earlier, journalist and author Kim Zetter reported in a recent book, but it took time for the malware to infect its intended target.) The timing has earned Stuxnet the title of the world's first known digital weapon. The Bloomberg account suggests the hack on the Turkish pipeline occurred around the same time Stuxnet was released and was able to successfully detonate its payload effect physical damage a year earlier than Stuxnet did. Update: As several readers have pointed out in comments below, the suspected sabotage of a Siberian pipeline in 1982 is believed to have used a logic bomb.
As described by Bloomberg, attackers gained access to the pipeline's computerized operational controls and increased the pressure of the crude oil flowing inside. By hacking the video and sensors that closely monitored the 1,099-mile Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline, the attackers were able to prevent operators from learning of the blast until 40 minutes after it happened, from a security worker who saw the flames, Bloomberg said. As many as 60 hours of surveillance video were also erased. According to Bloomberg:
Instead of receiving digital alerts from sensors placed along the line, the control room didn't learn about the blast until 40 minutes after it happened, from a security worker who saw the flames, according to a person who worked on the probe. As investigators followed the trail of the failed alarm system, they found the hackers' point of entry was an unexpected one: the surveillance cameras themselves. The cameras' communication software had vulnerabilities the hackers used to gain entry and move deep into the internal network, according to the people briefed on the matter. Once inside, the attackers found a computer running on a Windows operating system that was in charge of the alarm-management network, and placed a malicious program on it. That gave them the ability to sneak back in whenever they wanted. ... The central element of the attack was gaining access to the operational controls to increase the pressure without setting off alarms. Because of the line's design, the hackers could manipulate the pressure by cracking into small industrial computers at a few valve stations without having to hack the main control room. The presence of the attackers at the site could mean the sabotage was a blended attack, using a combination of physical and digital techniques. The super-high pressure may have been enough on its own to create the explosion, according to two of the people familiar with the incident. No evidence of a physical bomb was found. Having performed extensive reconnaissance on the computer network, the infiltrators tampered with the units used to send alerts about malfunctions and leaks back to the control room. The back-up satellite signals failed, which suggested to the investigators that the attackers used sophisticated jamming equipment, according to the people familiar with the probe. Investigators compared the time-stamp on the infrared image of the two people with laptops to data logs that showed the computer system had been probed by an outsider. It was an exact match, according to the people familiar with the investigation.
Bloomberg reported the attack was the work Russia-backed hackers but went on to say the evidence supporting the link was circumstantial.
Subheads for this post were changed to account for differences between Stuxnet and the reported pipeline sabotage.
Following the events of “Mirrors and Smoke”, the Lukari and Kentari began efforts to work together. The culmination of this effort is the Dranuur Colony in the Alpha Quadrant. Both races will try and see if they can coexist peacefully, or if it is all but a pipe dream. With any luck, the two races will learn a thing or two about the other and how they can better their own lives.
With Season 14: Emergence, Dranuur Colony will become available as a new joint Lukari-Kentari-themed Fleet Holding, available to all Fleets in Star Trek Online. Your Fleet will assist the two races as they establish and develop an island on the newly-terraformed world.
For the first time since the introduction of the Fleet Starbase, player fleets will be presented with a full-sized Holding, comprised of a primary track and three subtracks, each with five tiers of progression. Each tier and subtrack will offer fleets new improvements to their Colony World holding, as well as access to new equipment, and new gameplay options. Those will be detailed further along in this dev blog.
One feature that makes the Dranuur Colony unique is that, instead of purchasing provisions in your replicator, players instead work alongside the colonists to claim resources from the environment around the colony, to be used for track progression. Each subtrack will have its own resource, and all three resources will be needed to upgrade the main track. As you progress in the various subtracks, you will find it easier to attain the resources, and your fleet will even be able to automate a part of the resource-gathering process.
In addition to earning the resources by participating in activities around the colony, your fleet will be able to enact training simulations for potential invasions – the Kentari haven't survived this long without a healthy helping of paranoia, after all. Simulation Provisions (used to start the invasion simulation) will, can be earned by completing fleet projects and can be used by your fleet leadership to trigger these map-wide invasion events. As your fleet advances, new simulation options will become available, allowing you some customization of the training simulation experience. Additionally, it will become easier to earn a stockpile of Simulation Provisions as you progress in the main track. The invasion simulation is a multi-location wave defense event, which allows up to 20 fleet members to participate without needing to queue – simply travel to the Dranuur Colony, and start the event! After every five invasion waves, participants will be given a vote to stop and claim the rewards earned so far, or continue on to more difficult waves, risking their earned rewards in the process. Victory in this simulation rewards players with resources and Fleet Marks used to progress the Colony holding.
Here is a summary of most of the rewards that fleets may earn by progression their Colony:
Primary Track – Colony
This progression track represents the culmination of your progression in the three subtracks. Advancing this track primarily grants improvements to the Invasion Simulation gameplay.
At each tier, you will unlock one or more of the following:
Exterior Visual Upgrades
Invasion Shield Relay: Defended objectives gain increased Hit Points
Invasion Provision projects grant more Provisions
Additional amenities, including: Mail Access Bank Access Tailor Access Ship Selector Access
Travel options to/from other Fleet Holdings
This Track will present players with a special reward unlock upon reaching Tier 5, but we are not yet ready to announce these details. Watch for a future announcement!
Subtrack – Renewable Energy
This track represents the influence of the Lukari efforts on Dranuur. It has a primary focus on scientific endeavors and rewards, but also includes powerful ship upgrades. This track will require Renewable Batteries as an input for most projects.
At each tier, you will unlock one or more of the following:
Automated Battery Collection (used to advance Fleet Projects in this and the Main Track)
Invasion Defense Turret improvements
Elite Fleet equipment options: Isolated Protomatter Warp Cores +4 Max to Shield, Engine, and Auxiliary Power +66% Power Transfer Rate Isolated Protomatter Singularity Warp Cores +5-12.5 Current Shield, Engine and Aux Power (based on Singularity) +66% Power Transfer Rate Sustained Protomatter Warp Cores +4 Max to Shield, Engine and Auxiliary Power -10% Weapon Power Cost +10% Resistance vs Subsystem Power Drain Sustained Protomatter Singularity Warp Cores +5-12.5 Current Shield, Engine and Aux Power (based on Singularity) -10% Weapon Power Cost +10% Resistance vs Subsystem Power Drain Preservation Protomatter Deflector Arrays +Hull Capacity, +Shield Capacity, +Impulse Expertise Increases Critical Chance/Severity based on current Hull % Intervention Protomatter Deflector Arrays +Weapon Specialization, +Shield Penetration, +Impulse Expertise Increases Critical Chance/Severity based on current Hull % Elite Secondary Deflectors Three new variants: Increased Projectile Damage +Hull Capacity +Shield Capacity Protomatter Impulse Engines +Shield Hardness Energetic Protomatter Tactical Consoles Large +% to a Single Energy Type (Phaser, Disruptor, Polaron, etc.) Small +% to All Projectile Damage Chance to restore some Hull and Shield to Self, when activating any Energy Weapon Firing Mode (Fire at Will, Scatter Volley, etc.) Kinetic Protomatter Tactical Consoles Large +% to Mines/Torpedoes of a Single Type (Quantum, Plasma, etc.) Small +% to All Energy Damage Chance to restore some Hull and Shield to Self, when activating any Projectile Weapon Firing Mode (Torpedo Spread, Dispersal Patterns, Transport Warhead, etc.)
Subtrack – Infrastructure
Leaning upon Kentari expertise, this track represents their industrial ingenuity. Most rewards in this track are armaments for your ship, captain, and away team, but additional amenities may also be earned. This track will require Ore Provisions as an input for most projects.
At each tier, you will unlock one or more of the following:
Automated Ore Collection (used to advance Fleet Projects in this and the Main Track)
Fleet Project Logistics Reduces Project Duration for All Holdings by 2-10%
Invasion Defense Mortar improvements
Starship Injury Repair
Elite Fleet equipment options: Colony Security Ground Weapons All Energy Type Variants (Phaser, Disruptor, etc.) All Weapon Firing Type Variants (Stun Pistol, Sniper Rifle, etc.) Chance on Hit to restore an amount of Health and Shields, scales with Critical Severity Colony Personal Shields Increases Critical Chance/Severity based on current Shield % Colony Personal Armor Increases All Damage based on Health % Dranuur Starship Energy Weapons All Energy Type Variants (Phaser, Disruptor, etc.) All Weapon Type Variants (Beam Array, Dual Cannons, Turrets, etc.) Chance on Hit to restore an amount of Hull and Shields, scales with Critical Severity Dranuur Starship Projectile Weapons All Projectile Type Variants (Photon, Quantum, etc.) Both Torpedoes and Mines available Chance on Hit to restore an amount of Health and Shields, scales with Critical Severity
Subtrack – Morale
In a community comprised of very different philosophical and political ideologies, it's important to keep everyone's morale as high as possible. Rewards from this subtrack are primarily improvements for your away team, as well as additional colony amenities. This track will require Luxury Provisions as an input for most projects.
At each tier, you will unlock one or more of the following:
Automated Luxury Collection (used to advance Fleet Projects in this and the Main Track)
Fleet Provisioning Bonus Provisioning Projects from All Holdings will generate 5-25% additional Provisions
Invasion Defense Health Generator improvements
Security Officer (Duty Officer Assignments)
Bartender and Chef
Tailor
Ship Customization
Elite Fleet equipment options: Lukari Kit Frames Built-in Ability: Protomatter Matrix Emitter To self and nearby allies, for 10sec: +Shield Resistance, +Healing Recv'd, +Shield Healing Recv'd Kentari Kit Frames Built-in Ability: Radiant Energy Emitter To self and nearby allies, for 10sec: +Ranged Damage, +Physical Melee Damage Universal Colony Kit Modules Plasma Shockwave Turret Periodically emits a Plasma AOE which damages and slows nearby foes Toxic Dart Launcher Deals Kinetic and Toxic damage to a single foe, which also slows them and reduces their outgoing damage Regenerative Invigoration Increase the amount of Healing you receive from all sources Each time healed while this is active, gain increased Ranged and Melee Damage (stacks up to 5 times) Colony Bridge Officer Ability Training Manuals Bridge Officer versions of the three above Kit Modules Engineers = Shockwave Turret Science = Toxic Dart Launcher Tactical = Regenerative Invigoration Lukari Bridge Officer Candidates Engineering, Science, and Tactical variants available for recruitment Special Lukari Racial Trait = Restorative Protomatter Specialist (Space) Increased outgoing Hull Healing and Shield Healing Kentari Bridge Officer Candidates Engineering, Science, and Tactical variants available for recruitment Special Kentari Racial Trait = Kentari Ferocity (Space) Each time you defeat an opponent, gain a stacking damage boost
(** Details of this Holding and its related Rewards are SUBJECT TO CHANGE.)
Available SOON for Testing!
Fleet Holdings are large projects that require multiple players in order to progress and earn rewards. In preparation for the release of this feature, we will soon be unlocking the ability for Fleets on the Tribble Test Server to progress at an increased speed, using resources supplied at the Drozana Test Vendor, in order to help us ensure that all of the work players will put into progressing their fleet's new holding is as polished as possible. Watch for Tribble Patch Notes to see when this feature becomes available for public testing, and send us your feedback!
Best of luck, Captains! The future of the Lukari-Kentari Joint Initiative is in your hands!
Rob “CrypticRidi” Hrouda, Jeremy "Borticus" Randall, and Ryon “Melange” Levitt
Star Trek Online
“Migrants are often forced into lives of idle despair, while host countries fail to reap the proven benefit that greater integration could bring" George Soros writes. | AP George Soros to give $500 million to migrant, refugee businesses
George Soros is pumping $500 million into migrant- and refugee-founded businesses and other initiatives, the billionaire investor announced Tuesday, noting that their hope is other investors will follow suit.
“Our collective failure to develop and implement effective policies to handle the increased flow has contributed greatly to human misery and political instability—both in countries people are fleeing and in the countries that host them, willingly or not,” Soros wrote in a Wall Street Journal op-ed published online Tuesday. “Migrants are often forced into lives of idle despair, while host countries fail to reap the proven benefit that greater integration could bring.”
Story Continued Below
While acknowledging that governments should play a key role “by creating and sustaining adequate physical and social infrastructure,” Soros pointed to “power of the private sector” as a critical need, too.
In response to the Obama administration's recently announced call to action for U.S. companies to play a larger role in the refugee crisis, Soros wrote, “I have decided to earmark $500 million for investments that specifically address the needs of migrants, refugees and host communities.”
“I will invest in startups, established companies, social-impact initiatives and businesses founded by migrants and refugees themselves,” they continued. “Although my main concern is to help migrants and refugees arriving in Europe, I will be looking for good investment ideas that will benefit migrants all over the world.”
Soros said their nonprofit-owned investments will complement their foundation's philanthropic contributions and cover various sectors, including emerging digital technology.
It “seems especially promising as a way to provide solutions to the particular problems that dislocated people often face,” they said. “Advances in this sector can help people gain access more efficiently to government, legal, financial and health services. Private businesses are already investing billions of dollars to develop such services for non-migrant communities.”
Investments, they added, “are intended to be successful—because I want to show how private capital can play a constructive role helping migrants.”
Adding that they plan to work with organizations like the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Rescue Committee to create principles that will guide their investments, Soros said their goal “is to harness, for public good, the innovations that only the private sector can provide. I hope my commitment will inspire other investors to pursue the same mission.”
This article tagged under: Refugees
George Soros
Migrants
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani smiles during a session at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos January 23, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Monday that Iran was committed to solving a dispute over Tehran's nuclear program through negotiations, despite the little progress achieved in the latest round of talks in Vienna last week.
“The goal of the Islamic Republic of Iran has and will be the pursuit of peaceful nuclear technology. We will pursue this right of our people,” they said, according to official state media IRNA. “But at the same time, we want to pursue an agreement through dialogue that is in the mutual interest of all parties,” they added.
“The negotiations between Iran and the P5+1, despite their difficulties, god willing, in the end we will reach an agreement that will be a win-win for all parties.”
Iran and the United States said the talks had been slow and difficult, raising doubts over prospects for a breakthrough by a July 20 deadline for a final deal, although they agreed on more discussions next month.
An interim deal between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany was reached in November in Geneva, aimed at persuading Iran to curb parts of its nuclear work, in return for a limited easing of sanctions.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, who has final say on key issues in Iran, has so far backed the president's approach to solving the nuclear issue.
In the coming month the United States, Russia, China, France, Britain and Germany will want Iran to agree to dramatically cut back its uranium enrichment program, which they fear could lead to the making of atomic bombs, while Iran wants them to eliminate sanctions against its oil-based economy.
Tehran says its nuclear program is for peaceful aims such as power generation and medicine.
“The Islamic Republic of Iran never wanted to lie to the world and that is also the case today,” said Rouhani, according to IRNA.
Delicious Baked Teriyaki Cauliflower.
SUPER EASY TO MAKE!
This is a modified recipe from: Chocolate-Covered Katie
What you need:
-½ cup Flour (any kind…I used wheat)
-1 head of cauliflower (duh)
-Teriyaki sauce (I used a thick one)
-½ cup water
What you do:
1) Mix the water and flour together.
2) Dip those cauliflower trees in the mixture and place on a nonstick-sprayed baking sheet.
3) After preheating your oven to 425, plop those babies in there for 20 minutes
4) Take ‘em out and brush on the teriyaki sauce and roll em around a bit and put back in the oven for another 5 minutes.
5) Plate and serve with your favorite side for a super easy meal.
1 cauliflower head makes about 2 servings for a hungry man like me. It might be more for a not-so-hungry man/woman ;)
If you live in or drive in Eastern Wake County - you'll be seeing a lot more of sign combinations like this one soon.
Interchange Old Exit # New Exit # Interstate 440 West 419 3 New Hope Road 420 4 Hodge Road 422 6 Interstate 540 423 7 Smithfield Road 425 9 Wendell Falls Parkway 427 11 US 64 Business / Wendell Blvd. 429 13 Rolesville Road 430 14
New signage for I-87 at the I-40 Beltline Merge in Southeast Raleigh. I-87 and I-440 will both end at I-40. (NCDOT)
Proposed signage for Interstate 87 at the junction of the Knightdale Bypass and the Raleigh Beltline (I-440). You can see how the exit numbers for US 64 (Exits 419, 420 etc.) are being changed to reflect Interstate 87 (3, 4, 6, etc.) (NCDOT)
Interstate 87 signs at Hodge Road and Interstate 540. (NCDOT)
Signs along Business 64 at the Knightdale Bypass. There will only be updates to signs for US 64/264 West to include Interstate 87 - as I-87's temporary end is at this interchange. (NCDOT)
Proposed Interstate 87 signage plans along US 64/264 West approaching Rolesville Road. This will be where Interstate 87 will begin. I am unsure if exits east of here will be updated or remain with US 64's mileage (430 and higher) (NCDOT)
It seems like yesterday when I blogged about new Future Interstate 495 signs that were going to be installed along US 64 along the Knightdale Bypass and along the way to Rocky Mount. Well after just three years, Interstate 495 is officially no more . This week NCDOT crews began to install Interstate 87 shields along the Raleigh Beltline and Knightdale Bypass from Southeast Raleigh to Rolesville Road in Wendell. The new interstate designation follows Interstate 440 west from I-40 near Garner leaving the Beltline at the Knightdale Bypass and following US 64/264 about another 12 or so miles until the six lane portion of the Knightdale Bypass ends just beyond Business US 64.Eventually, Interstate 87 will continue east along US 64 past Zebulon, Rocky Mount and Tarboro to Williamston where it will head north and northeast along US 17 into Virginia and Norfolk. The new signs reflect the first official section of Interstate 87 in North Carolina - as the Knightdale Bypass meets national Interstate standards.This introduction and installation of Interstate 87 signs onto the Knightdale Bypass will be a multi-step process. The first step is what you see on the highway now - new Interstate 87 shields on the ground along the main highway. Surface streets, like New Hope Road, Hodge Road, Smithfield Road and Wendell Falls Parkway, that have interchanges with the new Interstate will also see I-87 signs pop up as they approach the highway. The last step will be updating or replacing existing overhead signs along I-40, I-440 and I-540 with the new designation. So for a few weeks, maybe months, you'll still see some Interstate 495 shields and signs in the area.Speaking of the overall signage plans - there will also be another major change to the signage along the Knightdale Bypass (and eventually US 64). The exit numbers will be changed to reflect Interstate 87's mileage. There will be new exit numbers for the interchanges at I-440, New Hope Road, Hodge Road, I-540, Smithfield Road, Wendell Falls Parkway, Wendell Blvd./Business 64 and Rolesville Road.This may be slightly confusing as it appears that the next exit east - Lizard Lick Road/Wendell - will remain with its current number, Exit 432. Though eventually those exit numbers will also change.A contact of mine at NCDOT passed along to me the overall signage plans for Interstate 87 along the Knightdale Bypass. A few samples are below.
Atlanta Braves Announce New Stadium Restaurant, Retail Space “The Battery”
The Atlanta Braves today announced The Battery Atlanta will be the name of their mixed-use development adjacent to SunTrust Park, the new home of the Braves. In addition to revealing the development's moniker, the Braves announced the first wave of restaurants that will be featured: Antico Pizza, Cru Food and Wine Bar, Tomahawk Taproom featuring Fox Bros. Bar-B-Q, Superica and a steak house concept with chef Linton Hopkins.
“We believe that The Battery Atlanta will be the preeminent sports, lifestyle and entertainment destination in America,” said Terry McGuirk, chairperson and CEO of the Braves. “This development will bring an energy to the area that will provide our guests with top-notch shopping, dining and living options.”
The Battery Atlanta's name pays respect to the sport of baseball and the new park that will anchor the area while harkening to urban lifestyle destinations throughout the country. The term “battery” was first used by an early baseball writer, Henry Chadwick, who described it as the firepower of a team's pitching staff, similar to that of artillery. Later, the term evolved to refer to the combined effectiveness of a pitcher and catcher. The name evokes the promise of a new lifestyle destination full of vigor and energy.
“The Battery Atlanta will become one of those places in Atlanta that has its own heartbeat and vibe,” said Derek Schiller, Braves executive vice president of sales and marketing. “Adding the talent of people like Ford Fry, Linton Hopkins and Giovanni DiPalma as well as Fox Bros. and Cru Food and Wine Bar to the list of partners we've already brought to this project will help us create a place that is distinct to this market.”
When it opens, The Battery Atlanta will be home to a host of unique dining options that will satisfy any palate. Two of those establishments will be helmed by a couple of award-winning Atlanta food icons – Ford Fry and Linton Hopkins.
Hopkins' celebrated Holeman & Finch burger is already a staple amongst Braves fans, with two locations inside Turner Field. At The Battery Atlanta, Hopkins will open a steakhouse concept outside the ballpark. The Atlanta native opened Restaurant Eugene in Buckhead in 2004, and now owns Holeman & Finch, H&F Bread Co., as well as restaurants in Ponce City Market and at the Atlanta Botanical Gardens.
“We're thrilled to be a part of The Battery Atlanta and share an exceptional dining experience in what is sure to become one of the region's most visited destinations,” said Hopkins, Chef/CEO of Resurgens Hospitality Group. “We've enjoyed sharing H&F Burger with Braves Country for the last few years and look forward to debuting our first steakhouse for both old friends and new in such a high-energy setting.”
Fry will bring a Superica “Mex-Tex” restaurant to The Battery Atlanta. One of nearly a dozen Fry restaurants from Inman Park to Alpharetta to Houston, Superica brings the Austin vibe to Atlanta with no-nonsense eats and Fry's laid-back, south Texas style.
In addition, The Battery Atlanta will offer other local dining favorites. Antico – known for having Atlanta's best pizza at its Westside location – will bring its Neapolitan pizzas to Braves fans and visitors. The Tomahawk Taproom will be on the exterior of SunTrust Park, facing the Plaza and will feature the world-famous Fox Bros. Bar-B-Q. Named the best barbecue in Atlanta by a host of publications, Fox Bros. will bring its special blend of Texas heat and southern spice to The Battery Atlanta. Plus Cru Food and Wine Bar will add a second Atlanta location demystifying the world of wine in an elegant, casually hip environment.
Visitors can get a sneak peek of the development adjacent to SunTrust Park by viewing a new fly-through video of The Battery Atlanta online. The virtual tour helps visitors map out their Battery Atlanta experience, from a stay at the Omni Hotel to a show at The Roxy Theatre, dinner at one of the chef-driven restaurants or views of the 550 residences. In addition to restaurants and retail, The Battery Atlanta will be home to One Ballpark Center, Comcast's regional office headquarters housing the cutting-edge Innovation Lab.
The Battery Atlanta is being developed by the Atlanta Braves along with retail partner Fuqua Development, office developer Pope & Land Enterprises and Pollack Shores Real Estate. Follow The Battery Atlanta on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest, plus its website.
Editor's note: thanks to Jackson Spalding PR and the Atlanta Braves for including Pretty Southern on the media list!
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A supporter of Ted Cruz has in the past suggested that gay couples who get married should be fined and jailed.
Julaine Appling, who led the Wisconsin Family Council, supported the enforcement of an obscure Wisconsin law which meant gay couples who married in other states could be jailed for nine months and fined up to $10,000.
The law “made it a crime for Wisconsin residents to enter into marriage in another state if the marriage would be prohibited here.”
The proposal was supported by Appling back in 2008, when gay couples considered travelling to California, pre-Prop 8, to get married.
“If it were challenged and the courts decided to basically wink at it, and refused to enforce the law, we have a problem,” Appling said at the time, reports Mother Jones.
The current president of Wisconsin Family Action, a conservative Christian Group, Appling was very active in opposing equal marriage at the time.
Now a supporter of Cruz in Wisconsin, Appling hopes to see them get the Presidential nomination.
Appling is not the only outspoken supporter of Cruz.
A new trailer for Caitlyn Jenner's television series I Am Cait, shows the Olympian struggling with their support for Cruz after they said they were worried trans kids would molest their children.
Cruz is apparently “proud” to be backed by Linda Harvey of Mission: America, who claims homosexuality is a result of child molestation and demonic possession.
Buffalo Bills fans know how to have a good time — you only need to take a look at all the broken tables on social media to know that.
Well, all of those good times are starting to concern the management.
The Rochester Democrat and Chronicle caught up with Bills president Russ Brandon at the NFL's owner's meetings in Boca Raton, Fla. Tuesday and the man in charge didn't hold back.
Article continues below ...
"It's never positive when you see stuff like that because it doesn't reflect the fan behavior of 98 percent of the people in the building," Brandon said. "It is disappointing when you see that because that becomes the perception."
Bills fans are the drunkest on game day, according to data collected by BAC Track, and it's by a wide margin.
The Bills are planning to increase the police presence at games, hoping that helps curtail the unruly behavior which set social media, which, much like this table, on fire, all season.
Good luck.
Just as nothing will persuade the Michael Smiths of the world that Julia Gillard is innocent, we are well past the point where more evidence will persuade climate sceptics or those vested interests opposing climate action to change their tune.
Remove price on carbon. Check. Avoid international climate talks. Check. Deny fossil fuel subsidies. Check! This is your captain Tony Abbott speaking, and Australia is cleared for take-off, destination: last century. Yesterday brought another sensible report from the annoying Nicholas Stern spelling out the economic benefits (not to mention every other benefit) of acting on climate change before it's too late. But the Abbott government still doesn't seem convinced -- and repeated denials that we are subsidising the fossil fuel industry are killing Australia's credibility. Stern's 2006 report made front-page news around the world as the first attempt to weigh up the costs of action versus the costs of inaction on the climate. The conclusion reached was the obvious one -- that acting early is cheaper than acting later -- but critics complained that depended heavily on the discount rate used. That is, the rate of return used to calculate long-term costs. Yesterday's report by the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate -- of which Stern is co-chair -- tries to put that argument to bed by reining in the time horizon, pointing out the economic benefits of action are apparent over the short term too and we can have both economic growth and climate risk mitigation together, right now. Just as nothing will persuade the Michael Smiths of the world that Julia Gillard is innocent, we are well past the point where more evidence will persuade climate sceptics or those vested interests opposing climate action to change their tune. Particularly in Australia. Abbott just doesn't want to talk about climate change at all. They want climate off the G20 agenda. They won't be going to the climate talks starting in New York next Tuesday, which will be attended by over 100 heads of state, including US President Barack Obama and Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, as momentum builds for agreement on a new post-Kyoto climate deal in Paris next year. Australia will be represented by Foreign Minister Julie Bishop -- at least that's one better than last year's Warsaw talks, when Environment Minister Greg Hunt stayed home. High on the action agenda -- for the rest of the world, at least -- is abolishing fossil fuel subsidies. Yesterday's report cites estimates that fossil fuel subsidies are running at US$600 billion a year, far outweighing clean energy subsidies of US$100 billion a year. The most hardened sceptics must concede there is no reason on earth why the taxpayers of the world should subsidise production of coal, oil and gas to make global warming worse. Everybody wants fossil fuel subsidies abolished , including the G20, International Monetary Fund, World Bank, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and International Energy Agency. Australia's tack has been to simply deny we have fossil fuel subsidies at all, as we told the G20 in 2010 . The Australia Institute executive director Richard Denniss, who has just returned from a trip to Europe, where they gave a paper on fossil fuel subsidies, says our denialist position has definitely raised eyebrows. “Senior European officials are deeply sceptical of those claims, and they don't strengthen Australia's credibility in international forums," they said. The problem is that while fossil fuel subsidies are easy to rail against, they are much harder to identify. Big numbers get thrown around, but there is no international standard to define what a fossil fuel subsidy is. Denniss agrees: “There is no methodology. It's done on trust, and we're burning our trust by maintain the farce that we have no fossil fuel subsidies.” The issue has a fraught history in Australia. Academic Chris Reidy, then at the Institute for Sustainable Futures at the University of Technology Sydney, estimated in 2007 that Australia has fossil fuel subsidies of roughly $9 billion to $10 billion a year, of which the majority was the diesel fuel rebate to miners and others, of some $5 billion a year. The mining industry denies it is a subsidy at all, arguing they were exempted from the diesel fuel excise because the revenue was hypothecated to highway funding and they didn't use highways. That's where the debate is stuck. The debate flared again this week with the release by the Minerals Council of a report attacking a June report by the Australia Institute, which estimated Australia's state governments spent $17 billion over six years on assistance to the minerals and fossil fuels sector. To illustrate the difficulty: over half of that estimate or almost $8 billion was made up of the costs of transporting coal -- particularly, providing publicly owned, dedicated rail and port infrastructure. The Minerals Council's consultant made the fair point that this investment is recouped through user charges paid by miners through the "take or pay" contracts that are weighing on industry profitability right now. The consultants estimated dividends and taxes paid back to state governments by publicly owned infrastructure providers are $35 billion. Denniss replies that many of these user charges are not publicly available and the institute did seek input from the mining industry, without success. The point of the report was to try to examine both sides of the ledger, they say, and to call for more transparency. “We hear every day how much the mining industry contributes to the budget. Our report was not an attempt to identify the net effect but to highlight that the money flows both ways.” It is a difficult question to resolve without case-by-case, asset-by-asset analysis. The Australia Institute and the South Australian Minerals Council are about to sit down to do exactly that. Australia can not avoid such a tally forever.
Forget the Revenant, Canadian woman tells tale of quick thinking and why a bear separated from cub tackled a not so big bad wolf on the hunt for 12 hours
How a mama bear saved a woman and their dog from the wolf stalking them
A Canadian woman has told of how they made use of a nearby bear to deter a wolf that had stalked them and their dog for 12 exhausting hours in forests in the remote north of the country.
Colorado mother fights off mountain lion that attacked five-year-old son Read more
Last Friday, Joanne Barnaby and their friend Tammy Caudron were picking morel mushrooms near Fort Smith in Canada's Northwest Territories. Then, Barnaby said, they and their dog Joey encountered the wolf.
“There was a long, tall, very, very skinny wolf,” they told CBC. “A black wolf. And their legs were spread and their hair was standing, and they were growling, and baring their teeth.”
Separated from Caudron, Barnaby and Joey were pushed deeper into the forest, the wolf cutting off the route back to Barnaby's vehicle and standing its ground when Joey charged it.
“It took me a while to realise that they knew what they were doing,” Barnaby said. “He was trying to wear me down. They were trying to separate Joey and me. They were dogged. They were just determined. I was in trouble.”
The Royal Canadian Mounted police confirmed that Barnaby was reported lost in the Wood Buffalo national park and that it was involved in a search mission for them
While they looked, Barnaby said, they endured a harrowing 12 hours in which they and their dog were forced farther into the wildfire-burned forest. Barnaby, who became dehydrated, said they were fatigued and bothered by “zillions” of mosquitoes that blanketed their face and arms.
Salvation came in the unlikely form of a mother bear, whose growls were heard as the sun began to rise. Realizing the bear had become separated from its cub, Barnaby said, they settled on an unorthodox plan – to get between the mother and their offspring, despite the very real danger they could themselves be attacked by the bear.
“I realised that there was a chance that the mother bear would tackle the wolf if they felt that the wolf was a threat,” they said. “So I made the choice of walking towards the cub.
“I heard this big crashing behind me and realized that the mama bear had attacked the wolf, or maybe the other way around, I don't know, but they were fighting and I could hear the wolf yelping and I could hear the mama bear growling and I could hear all this crashing and I just took off.”
Disney World to post alligator warning signs in wake of child's death Read more
Barnaby attempted to head back to civilization, filling a beer can with water from a lake and then a stream. They encountered another obstacle of thick vegetation that almost prevented them from finding their way out of the forest.
“I didn't think I was going to make it,” they told the Washington Post. “I started talking to both my sons, one of whom died when they were a baby, and my other son, who is a young man now. I was talking to all kinds of people that I love, and I was crying the whole time.”
On Saturday morning they finally managed to get to the highway, where they saw several Mounties involved in a search effort. Barnaby chose to drive themselves and Joey home – and “nearly passed out from exhaustion” while doing so.
ISTANBUL -- Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone is "100 percent" certain that their sport's major shareholder does not want to sell to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
CVC Capital Partners, which has owned the rights to F1 since 2006, said earlier this week it has received a "friendly" approach from News Corp. and Exor -- the investors behind Ferrari -- about a potential joint takeover bid.
The media giant and Exor said they were searching for backers to fund a possible bid, and private equity firm CVC said it recognized their "quality ... as potential investors."
While CVC is saying that any deal will have to demonstrate that it benefits F1, Ecclestone insists a buyout will not happen.
"They are the major shareholders and they do not want to sell. That is 100 percent for sure," Ecclestone said. "Somebody might say that they want to do it, but it doesn't mean that when somebody wants to buy something the owner wants to sell. And CVC made it very clear that they don't want to sell."
The rumor mill has gone into top gear with unconfirmed reports that Red Bull, Mercedes, McLaren and Ferrari are to meet with the interested parties next week in Germany.
"I thought that Ferrari won't need to go because one of the people who hope he's going to be an investor owns Ferrari, so that whole story sounds a bit weird," Ecclestone said. "You have to be careful about such rumors, but then again rumors are part of Formula One and always have been.
"I hope these people come to their senses. The teams should be happy to have somebody like CVC not selling to the wrong people," Ecclestone said.
Exor, the holding company of the Agnelli family, has a controlling 30 percent stake in global automaker Fiat Group -- the majority owner of sports car manufacturer Ferrari, which has competed in every F1 championship since 1950.
CVC maintains that it is not actively trying to sell F1, but News Corp. showed how seriously it is pursuing a potential bid by making its first public comments on the matter in New York this week.
In a joint statement with Exor, News Corp. announced it was discussing the "possibility of creating a consortium with a view to formulating a long-term plan for the development of Formula One."
A potential stumbling block to any takeover is the current Concorde Agreement between F1's commercial rights holder, its governing body FIA and the participating teams.
A clause in the agreement, which expires at the end of the 2012 season, stipulates that races should be shown on free-to-air television, where possible, rather than on subscription networks, which have proven so profitable for Murdoch.
"Murdoch hasn't got anything really big to drive their TV audiences and Formula One would be good for that," Ecclestone said. "They have been trying to buy the TV rights from us for a long time, but we won't because they are not free-to-air television broadcasters. They are a subscription service."
News Corp.'s U.S. media outlets include Fox Television, while the British government has approved its plans to buy the 61 percent of satellite broadcaster BSkyB it does not already own.
"Firstly, these people will have to prove what they want to do. I would want to buy lots of things and I don't have the money, so we will have to wait and see," Ecclestone said. "I would never start to say that I'm interested in something without knowing how much it is."
Ecclestone has valued F1 at around $6 billion.
Tokyo is a city of the ancient and the modern. There are always places to go and things to see. I love it when I have guests come visit as they all have different interests and takes on Japan so every time I get to visit new places and revisit Japan through their eyes.
My most recent guests were Matt and Jeremy. Matt has a background in structural engineering and design and is now working with the New Zealand rebuild of Christchuch city after the 2011 Earthquake. Matt has a great interest in Japan's buildings and transport infrastructure from an earthquake strengthening and safety point of view. They also have a great appreciation of the architectural features of the ultra modern building in Tokyo and how they achieve that look but maintain structural integrity with the possibility of massive seismic activity in mind.
I have learnt a great deal about retro fitting and strengthening of highways, subways and buildings, the ductility of steel and many other technical terms while they have been here and find myself looking at buildings and transport hubs in a different light.
Matt has kindly agreed to share their photos with us so let's take a Wonder around some of the amazing modern buildings of Tokyo.
Omotesando Area.
Roppongi Area
Shibuya and Shinjuku Area
Yokohama Area
Odaiba Area
Asakusa Area
These are just a few of the stunning buildings in Tokyo. I can spend days wandering around skyscraper viewing. I hope you enjoyed. Thanks for the pictures Matt!
Yoroshiku Onegai shimasu
Leanne
Advertisements
A surge in the burning of coal to generate Britain's electricity last year helped reverse years of steadily declining carbon dioxide emissions, according to data released on Thursday.
Coal produced 39% of the UK's electricity in 2012, the Department of Energy and Climate Change said, up from 29% in 2011, as cheap supplies and the collapse of the price of carbon permits sent power firms rushing back to their ageing coal-fired stations.
With industrial and domestic use added into the figures, overall coal consumption was up by a quarter over 2011. In the same period, carbon dioxide emissions rose by about 4%, after years of steady falls. This will make it harder to achieve the government's climate change targets.
DECC's data also revealed a rapid increase in the proportion of diesel-fuelled vehicles, which has triggered fears over air pollution from the particulate matter released by burning diesel, which can cause respiratory problems.
Coal has become plentiful and cheap in part because of the effects of the extraordinary shale gas bonanza in the US. Gas prices there have fallen to as little as $2 a unit from a peak of around $10, and power generators have raced to build gas-fired power plants. That has led to large supplies of coal available for export, which has pushed down the price dramatically on the world market. According to the World Coal Association, coal's share of global energy consumption is at its highest since the late 1960s.
The International Energy Agency has estimated that on the current trend coal will overtake oil as a fuel. In the European Union, coal was supposed to be penalised as a fuel because of its high carbon content. But carbon prices within the EU emissions trading system, under which generators must have a permit for every tonne of carbon dioxide they emit, have fallen to record lows because of a glut of free permits issued by member states. Though moves are still afoot to prop up the trading system, carbon prices are unlikely to rise far and fast enough in the near term to swing the balance further against coal.
Another factor behind the increased burning of coal in Europe is a separate set of regulations governing pollutants such as sulphur, produced by burning coal, called the Large Combustion Plant Directive. Under these rules, coal-fired power stations must either comply with certain emissions limits or opt out – and are then allowed a certain number of hours of operation before they must be shut down. Companies with ageing power plants due to be taken out of service under these rules are rushing to use their remaining hours while their fuel is so cheap. However, research by Greenpeace recently suggested that some generators may try to prolong the life of their coal-fired power stations to take advantage of the cheap fuel. This would push the UK's emissions up even further.
Last year's rise in the UK's emissions made it the worst performing EU member state, according to data from Eurostat. It was one of only three where emissions rose - Germany, with a rise of less than 1%, and Lithuania, with a rise of 1.7%, were the others.
DECC's energy statistics also showed that consumption of diesel for road vehicles exceeded the consumption of petrol by more than 8m tonnes. Until 2005, petrol consumption was always higher than diesel, but higher petrol prices and the perception that diesel is more efficient have fuelled the switch. For the last decade, petrol consumption has fallen by 4.4% a year on average, but diesel use has risen by 2.4% a year over the same period.
This has alarmed air pollution campaigners, because burning diesel gives rise to far higher rates of particulate matter than petrol. This can trigger respiratory problems in vulnerable people, and worsens the UK's already poor record on air pollution control. The European Union has been urging member states to drop the favourable tax treatment for diesel that has encouraged drivers to switch, because even though switching can cut carbon dioxide emissions marginally, it is far outweighed by the adverse health effects.
Simon Birkett, founder and director of the pressure group Clean Air in London, said: "The government is stupidly continuing to favour diesel over petrol, and inaction instead of the abatement of tailpipe emissions, thinking it better perhaps to save 1% of carbon dioxide emissions [compared with petrol] than reduce carcinogenic exhaust emissions by 95%. Many lives could be saved if the government adopted technology neutral policies, as in the United States, which consider air pollution holistically [taking into account both] greenhouse gases and air pollution. It is time the government stopped hiding the facts and required CO2, PM2.5 [a measure of particulates in the air] and NO2 [nitrogen dioxide] emissions to be disclosed at the point of sale for new and used vehicles."
Doug Parr, chief scientific advisor at Greenpeace, said: "Old coal power plants are dominating the energy mix and far from helping us get off the coal hook, the government's energy bill could entrench the situation. Not only are old coal plants exempt from carbon pollution limits, but the government also proposes to use money from consumer bills to pay coal plants to stay open well into the next decade. The government needs to make good on its promises and reduce our reliance on this dirty fuel."
A spokesperson for the energy department said: "International coal prices relative to gas prices mean that coal-fired power generation in the UK is currently cheaper than gas-fired. We have introduced the Carbon Price Floor and the measures in the Energy Bill will reduce the role that coal generation plays in our electricity system. We are also bringing forward investment in lower carbon forms of generation consistent with our decarbonisation objectives."
While President Obama may be trying to avoid diving into the racial fray Rachel Maddow jumped right in last night.
In a fairly devastating segment Maddow tied this week's Shirley Sherrod debacle to previous cases, dating back to the Sixties, of politicians and the media using “scare white people” tactics to generate support.
At and after the Civil Rights era the political strategy of terrifying white people by the threat posed by black people, black people coming to get them, coming to take what's rightfully theirs, that strategy got a new name, the Southern Strategy…it's about making white people feel like they are the victims of black people. Black people are the racists…it's good politics, it always has been in this country. It still is.
Maddow then aired a series of, it should be noted, rather selective soundbites of conservative personalities including Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, and a variety of Fox News clips — “crusades” including Van Jones, ACORN, and the new Black Panthers — all of which touched on the same theme: white people are the victims.
Maddow is certainly not the first to draw this conclusion, though there are signs that, justified or not — you'd be hard-pressed to paint the entire network in this light — this is going to be a new theme for critics of Fox. Dave Weigel also briefly touched on a similar point in their excoriation of Megyn Kelly the other day, pointing our their fear mongering of the DOJ with the Black Panthers story was reminiscent of the 1966 rumor that flew around “that black gang members on motorcycles were going to head from Chicago to ransack Des Moines.”
However, Maddow sees the trend as being network-wide.
What do the four major Fox News only stories of the Obama era have in common? The four major stories, pressed and pushed relentlessly on Fox, over and above the facts, as their own makeup the news cycle you wish you had narrative that they want to pin on the Obama administration?…Van Jones, ACORN, the New Black Panthers, and Shirley Sherrod….This isn't about racism, this isn't a story about picking on black people. This is a story about political outcomes…a strategy to feel afraid of black people. To feel afraid of African American people as if they are not fellow Americans, rather a threat to what white people have…This is a political strategy, advanced not by a news organization, but by political activists who use a cable channel as a political outlet and they are pros at this, there is no reason to expect them to stop doing stuff like this. Unless it stops working some day.
Watch below.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
This is a list of baseball players who went directly to the major leagues. They are distinguished as a group by the fact that they made their North American professional debut with a Major League Baseball franchise without previously having played at the professional level (excluding fall leagues and winter leagues), such as minor league affiliates of major league teams, the Negro Leagues, Japanese professional leagues, or independent professional teams.
After their major league debuts, many of these players played in professional leagues other than Major League Baseball. Included are the Bonus Babies, who joined major league rosters from 1947 to 1957 and from 1962 to 1965 under the Bonus Rule.
In recent years, the practice of players going directly into the majors has become rare: it has only occurred eight times since 1980, and only twice since 2000.
Players [ edit ]
This sports-related list is incomplete; you can help by .
Notes [ edit ]
General
In September 2011, Nick Ebert was a consensus top-5 draft pick. They were rated more highly than other top young defencemen Morgan Rielly, Griffin Reinhart, Mathew Dumba, Jacob Trouba, Derrick Pouliot, and- well, basically everybody else not named Ryan Murray.
On June 23, 2012, the LA Kings drafted Nick Ebert #211 overall - that's dead last, for those of you not keeping track at home. It was one of the biggest falls from grace for any top-ranked prospect in recent history, if not the biggest fall.
I was at that draft, sitting in the very empty crowd. Dean Lombardi was on their feet, looking towards the exit, and I was sort of pondering whether I wanted to try to waylay them as they left. My friends were planning (loudly) where we were going to go drinking after we left. The whole arena was buzzing with the sounds of an entire league's worth of scouts, executives, officials, and media packing up their stuff. Nick Ebert's name was announced with about as little fanfare as imaginable, and I didn't remember, until a friend prompted me, that they had once been a consensus early first-rounder. "What the hell happened?" was the obvious first question. "Did they punch a baby? Make an obscene gesture at Don Fehr? Show up for the combine eating a Big Mac? But seriously, they punched a baby, right?"
I don't know if they punched a baby, although I sincerely hope that they did not. This is what we do know about Nick Ebert:
Rank Player DOB Nationality Draft Vote total 25(t) Nick Ebert 11/05/1994 USA 211 (7th round) 35
(Regarding the vote total: please remember that there were 10 voters, ranking from 25 to 1. Thus, the maximum possible vote total was 250.)
Regular Season Playoffs Season Team League GP G A P PIM GP G A P PIM 2009-10 Waterloo Black Hawks USHL 53 6 12 18 26 3 1 0 1 0 2010-11 Windsor Spitfires OHL 64 11 30 41 44 18 1 2 3 6 2011-12 Windsor Spitfires OHL 66 6 33 39 58 4 0 2 2 8 2012-13 Windsor Spitfires OHL 68 11 27 38 58 -- -- -- -- -- 2012-13 Ontario Reign ECHL 4 0 3 3 2 10 2 5 7 0
A highly-touted young prospect when they made the jump from the USHL, Nick Ebert had a stellar rookie season in Windsor. They were lauded particularly for their strong hockey sense and vision (which resulted in great positioning), and their point shot generated excellent results on the powerplay. Not only did they play notably well at both ends of the ice, but they did so on a Spitfires team that was still quite strong, although no longer of the Memorial Cup-winning calibre it had been during the Taylor Hall years.
It's arguable that a significant proportion of the disappointment with Ebert's performance in their second year in Windsor was due to the artificially inflated expectations which assail top prospects too early. For some perspective, look at the recent pre-draft dogpiling on Nathan MacKinnon - after being anointed The Next Next Next One (or whichever One we're at now), they spent the next year being criticized for not somehow transcending those messianic expectations, despite still being quite excellent.
(You might have heard about some personal issues that Ebert went through during the 2011-12 season. I don't think it's really my place to comment on that, so I won't.)
It was also, however, clear that the overall strength of Ebert's game had weakened. They had a noticeably bad start to the season, beginning by apparently showing up to training camp out of shape and over-confident. They were expected to carry a rebuilding (read: pretty terrible) Spitfires team, including quarterbacking the powerplay, and they faltered under the burden of their newly-expanded role. Their two-way decision-making and instincts, which had been their strengths, were unimpressive as they attempted to bolster the team's depleted offence, and resulted in noticeable defensive lapses. Being out-of-position meant that their physical game necessarily suffered as a result. They looked frustrated, and then as a result of that frustration, their focus wavered.
In short, they aren't elite - but they also aren't last-overall-pick bad, and the tail end of their pre-draft season was noticeably stronger than the beginning had been. It was too late for them to be redeemed in the eyes of most scouts, however, and that's how they ended up becoming an LA King. Since then, both their game and the perception of their game have rebounded somewhat. He's put on a bit of weight (he was listed this past season at 6'1" 207 pounds), and they had a fairly strong 2012-13 with a truly awful Spitfires team. (How awful? Sixteen out of twenty OHL teams make the playoffs. The Spitfires...did not make the playoffs. I saw them lose 6-5 to the Barrie Colts in a game that featured the worst goaltending I have ever seen in a game not featuring toddlers.)
I asked Brandon Sudeyko, who covers the OHL for In the O Radio to comment on Ebert mid-season, and this is what they had to say then
This season however, despite the team play, Ebert has the focus that maybe was lacking for a full 60 minute game. Their hockey sense, vision, ability to create space was never a question for Ebert, and all have grown with more experience adding to their confidence. The extra weight they put on has already added to their incredible point shot that won the 2012 CHL Top Prospects The Hardest Shot competition back in February. Their skating could still use some work, they can start and stop very well, close the gaps, isolate and eliminate on the boards but I would like to see some better acceleration. Providing their head stays in the game for a full 60 minutes, Nick will make major leaps and bounds this season.
The last pick of the last round is usually a throwaway (although there are currently two active NHL players who were both Mr. Irrelevant in their draft years), and expectations for Ebert have to be focused through that lens. After reading a variety of opinions from people who would know better than I do, I get the sense that the consensus is that Ebert still has the fundamental skill and instincts to make it as an NHL regular, but they remain quite a project. That, of course, isn't much of a problem for the Kings, who have a million nine defencemen in LA, and a million quite a few prospect defencemen at every development level. Ebert will probably never be an offensive dynamo, and he'll also probably never be a defensive rock who can shut down any opposition, but getting a serviceable two-way defenceman for pick #211 would be quite a coup for Lombardi, Futa & co.
<h3>To keep up with all of our Top 25 Under 25 coverage, check out our storystream.</h3>
While rival outfits lifted spirits of those in the grandstands by creating makeshift boats, dancing or even pretend to fish in the pit-lane during the delays on Saturday, Ferrari declined to join in the fun.
And while standing firm over what their team did, boss Maurizio Arrivabene even reckoned that what rivals did was not really good for fans.
“We are a Formula 1 team, not the Cirque du Soleil,” said Arrivabene. “It's fine if somebody entertains the public, it's absolutely fine.
“But we signed autographs for all the people that were waiting, and we took some of the children in wheelchairs into our pit box.
“We prefer to do these things, rather than simulating fishing and doing funny things for the TV. That is not really doing something for the fans."
Raikkonen unimpressed
Kimi Raikkonen also reckoned that F1 did a disservice to itself with the way that some teams behaved on Saturday.
When asked why they did not take part in any of the pit-lane antics, Raikkonen said: “You want an honest answer? I think this is F1 and not the circus.
“The people are obviously not happy when we're not running but we cannot make them happy with whatever we do apart from running [on track] and we couldn't give it because of the weather.
“Sometimes, it's no wonder when people start thinking about what F1 is, when this kind of things happen.
"This was everyone's choice but, for me, we are here racing and doing our work.”
New Final Fantasy Smartphone Game By Chrono Trigger And Parasite Eve Director Teased
By Sato . October 28, 2016 . 2:00am
Square Enix launched a teaser site for a new Final Fantasy smartphone game by Takashi Tokita, known for their work as director of Chrono Trigger, Parasite Eve, and more. The website also features an illustration by Yoshitaka Amano as seen in the above image.
The title has yet to be revealed, but it'll be announced in 5 days. WE can hear the Final Fantasy interlude track in the teaser website, along with a message by Takashi Tokita saying “Final Fantasy is about characters overflowing with personality, dramatic battles about anger and sorrow, and more than anything, fantasy, which we mustn't forget.”
In addition to working as the director for Chrono Trigger and Parasite Eve, Square Enix's Business Division 9 head Takashi Tokita has worked as the lead designer for Final Fantasy IV, as well as director for Live A live and Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light.
Angela Merkel has recommended that Germans who are concerned about Islamisation should play Christmas carols on the recorder to contain any possible threat.
At a national congress of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party in Wittenburg the German Chancellor told supporters that it's up to them to hold off the growth of Islam in Germany, by preserving Christmas traditions.
Addressing points raised by the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party about Islamic law holding values that are antithetical to those of Germans, Merkel conceded: “I know that there are concerns about Islam.”
The CDU politician argued that it's up to Germans to contain Islamisation in Germany, suggesting they do so by recalling Christian traditions. “How many Christmas carols do we still know? And how many of them are we passing on to our children and grandchildren?” they asked the crowd, rhetorically.
Merkel added: “You just have to copy a few [sheets of carol music], and ask someone who can play the recorder or the flute [to join in]”.
Met with some laughter at their suggestion that a woodwind rendition of Christmas songs could pose a challenge to Islamisation, the Chancellor insisted: “Yes I'm being serious. Otherwise, we will lose a piece of our homeland.”
Merkel's suggestions were met with scepticism from AfD Member of the European Parliament (MEP) Beatrix von Storch, who co-leads the Eurosceptic party.
“Yes, I think it's an excellent idea and it's nice when people sing Christmas songs — I do that also. But it is embarrassing to think it's possible to stop the Islamisation of Germany by playing recorders!” they told Sputnik Germany.
Merkel's call to revive Christmas traditions took place in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern where the CDU politician's party was beaten into third place by AfD in recent elections.
“This is helpless and desperate advice for a representative of a party with the letter C in its name which stands for Christian and not vitamin C,” Storch added.
Oklahoma cities and towns are banned from raising the local minimum wage under a new state law.
Gov. Mary Fallin signed the measure Monday. The new law also bars localities from requiring that employees receive a certain number of sick or vacation days, either paid or unpaid.
With legislation to increase the federal minimum wage stalled in Congress, proponents of a raise have turned their attention to states and cities. Several have recently approved increases to $10.10 an hour. That is the level supported by congressional Democrats and President Obama, who has urged local governments to act.
The Oklahoma law blocks that sort of move.
Related: Starbucks CEO backs minimum wage raise
Critics of the bill say it was a direct response to a petition in Oklahoma City seeking to put a wage increase on the November ballot.
David Slane, a local criminal attorney who drafted the proposal, said the signature-gathering began a month ago and was already more than halfway to the approximately 10,000 signatures required for a spot on the ballot.
Organizers are deciding how to move forward. Slane said. They're weighing a challenge to the law's constitutionality or a statewide petition, which would require significantly more signatures.
Fallin, a Republican, said the law "protects our economy from bad public policy that would destroy Oklahoma jobs."
"Mandating a minimum wage increase at the local level would drive businesses to other communities and states, and would raise prices for consumers," they said in a statement. They have also opposed a federal increase to the minimum wage.
I've been curious about Chris Nolan's next project for some time now. As probably my favourite working director, their slate is something I try and stay in-the-know about, and I've long suspected they might try and go small after exploring whole other galaxies, but I didn't quite expect them to go as small as stop-motion. Well, he's not the one directing the stop-motion, but they are directing a documentary about two people who do; identical twins Stephen and Timothy Quay.
The Quays began their work in the 1970s, around the time Nolan was growing up, and like him, they went back and forth between England and the United States. Their work doesn't have much mainstream exposure, though if anyone's capable of changing that, it's the guy whose Batman movies grossed nearly two and half billion dollars worldwide. The short doc will premiere at Film Forum NYC on August 19th, alongside a special showcase of the Quays' work curated by Nolan themselves (with the Quays in attendance), screened from all-new 35mm prints.
These three Quay masterworks, selected by director Christopher Nolan, feature broken pencils and lead shavings in IN ABSENTIA (2000; “a dazzling piece of work” – The Guardian); a porcelain doll's explorations of a dreamer's imagination in THE COMB (1991; “most beautiful of their recent films” – The New Yorker); and the nightmarish netherworld of STREET OF CROCODILES (1986; “their crowning achievement” – Film Comment); and for the first time ever, QUAY (2015), Nolan's new short film revealing the inner workings of the Brothers' studio. All four films in 35mm.
Quay is a Syncopy release, so it's likely that Nolan had a hand in the restorations of the three animated shorts being screened. It's nice to see the director apply their love for celluloid to something so niche and obscure. The series is scheduled to run from the 19th to the 25th of August, though with enough traction it's likely that the theatre will hold it over for another week or two, as they often do. Tickets are currently on sale at the Film Forum website.
Mammals
The arctic fox is the only species of land mammal native to Iceland. Polar bears have also made their way to Iceland over the centuries. Other mammals found in the wild have been brought by humans, either deliberately (reindeer, mink) or inadvertently (mice and rats). Farm animals and pets may be released or escape into the wild but are not classified as wild animals.
The IINH conducted a major study on Iceland's wild reindeer population in connection with a planned dam project at Eyjabakkar. With the exception of this study, which took place from 1978 until 1983, the IINH has not employed experts to carry out research on land mammals. Research of this nature now takes place at other institutions in Iceland, namely:
Marine mammal fauna in the waters surrounding Iceland is richer and more diverse. Two seal species (grey seals and harbour seals) regularly pup in Iceland, while four other species of seal (Arctic ringed, harp, hooded and bearded seals) and walruses are occasional guests to Iceland.
A total of 23 dolphin and whale species have been spotted in Iceland's territorial waters. The IINH systematically collects information on whales sighted in the waters around Iceland. Research on whales and seals takes place at the Marine Research Institute.
But Grant is also a leading researcher in the field of organizational psychology, where they study, among other things, how being helpful, and feeling helpful, can benefit the rest of us. Here, the article recaps one of Grant's most influential studies, in which they set out to do the impossible–to motivate call center workers:
The manager, Howard Heevner, did not have a lot of faith that Grant would be able to motivate their student-employees. They had already tried, in a previous job at a call center, the usual incentives — cash prizes, competitive games — and was generally unimpressed with the results. But Grant had a different idea. When they were an undergraduate at Harvard, they took a job selling advertisements for the travel guide series ‘Let's Go,' but they were terrible at it. ‘I was a pushover,” they say in ‘Give and Take,' ‘losing revenues for the company and sacrificing my own commission.' Then they met another undergraduate whose job at ‘Let's Go' was helping them pay their way through college. Suddenly the impact of their role became clear to him: without advertising revenues, the company could not make money, which in turn meant it couldn't provide jobs to students who needed them. With that in mind, they were willing to make a harder sell, to take a tougher line on negotiations. ‘When I was representing the interests of students, I was willing to fight to protect them,' they write. It would not be a mass-market psychology book if every anecdote did not have a dramatic ending: Grant eventually sold the largest advertising package in company history and less than a year later, at 19, was promoted to director of advertising sales, overseeing a budget of $1 million.
As a psychology major, Grant always hoped to do a study on the ‘Let's Go' staff, in which the books' editors and writers would meet with or read letters by people whose travels had been enhanced by their work. Would knowing how the books benefited others inspire them to work harder? Now, at the call center, Grant proposed a simple, low-cost experiment: given that one of the center's primary purposes was funding scholarships, Grant brought in a student who had benefited from that fund-raising. The callers took a 10-minute break as the young man told them how much the scholarship had changed their lives and how excited they now are to work as a teacher with Teach for America.
The results were surprising even to Grant. A month after the testimonial, the workers were spending 142 percent more time on the phone and bringing in 171 percent more revenue, even though they were using the same script. In a subsequent study, the revenues soared by more than 400 percent. Even simply showing the callers letters from grateful recipients was found to increase their fund-raising draws.
In the corridors of the Union Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change in Delhi, a decision was quietly reached at last week that will greatly impact Mumbai's environmental future. The ministry “excluded 1.65 square kilometre from the eco-sensitive zone” of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park and paved the way for the construction of the train depot of the ambitious Metro III project in the Aarey forest.
The 165 hectares of Aarey forest, which was eco-sensitive till last week was deemed non-eco-sensitive by re-drawing a few lines. In the pitched and layered battle between the Maharashtra government and environmental groups in the last two years, the former won. It is not a surprise that the union ministry backed the Devendra Fadnavis government's proposal for the train depot, also called the car shed, in the Aarey forest.
What is astonishing is the sheer intransigence of all those in-charge of the Metro III project, which when completed will run 33.5 kilometres from Colaba in south Mumbai to SEEPZ in suburban north, which adjoins the Aarey forest area, to listen to reason about the car shed location. Environmental societies and activists under the banner of Aarey Conservation Group (ACG) not only protested the location but have also suggested seven alternative sites for it in the last two years.
Fadnavis has made the metro network in Mumbai, besides the ill-advised Coastal Road, their flagship project. There are debates around the advisability of the metro grid in Mumbai with transport analysts suggesting low-cost alternatives. But let's accept, for a moment, that the Metro III is what the city needs. It still does not explain why the car shed cannot be at another location.
For decades, as the green cover across Mumbai was threatened and trounced by cement and concrete, Mumbai's citizens believed that at least the Aarey forest was legally protected. Previous governments, against sane advice, had allowed some construction in the forest. The Fadnavis government need not – in fact, should not – have allowed more of it. Violations and transgressions in the past cannot be cited as justification for doing more.
And here's the nub: even assuming that car shed is only feasible in the Aarey forest area, why did it call for such a large clearing of the forest? The car shed was initially ear-marked to cover 30 hectares. This was reduced to 20.8 hectares after protests by environmental groups. But the state government ostensibly proposed some 62 hectares and, before anyone could ask why, the union ministry okayed 165 hectares. So, what's going on?
The environmentalists' argument is simple: Nearly 2,300 trees of the deciduous forest will be cut down and only a fraction re-planted, 27 adivasi settlements will be displaced, and a rich, complex bio-diverse web of life will be permanently destroyed. As many as 77 species of birds, 34 species of wildflowers, 86 species of butterflies, 13 species of amphibians, 46 species of reptiles several of these listed under Schedule II of the Wildlife Protection Act, and 16 species of mammals have been documented in the Aarey forest, according to the environmental magazine, Down To Earth. Therefore, please locate the car shed elsewhere, the ACG has tirelessly appealed.
Given how the arguments stack up, it is fitting to ask why the Fadnavis government has been stubborn about locating the car shed in the Aarey forest. Does the government have plans that it is not declaring at this time, what is the hidden agenda, is this car shed the beginning of the end of the Aarey forest? If all it takes is a stroke of the pen to delete 165 hectares from the eco-sensitive zone, what prevents the Fadnavis government and the Union ministry – Constitutionally obliged to protect environment and conserve wildlife – from further invading into the green zone, opening up more of it to the avaricious builders' lobby which has so fundamentally damaged the urban eco-system of Mumbai?
Read
Buffer zone around Sanjay Gandhi National Park can have homes and industries
How Mumbai's forest lost its protective buffer
First Published: Dec 14, 2016 15:42 IST
It's quite hard to believe, but it has already been 10 years since the release of Final Fantasy XII. Arriving as the last numbered Final Fantasy game on the PlayStation 2, it served as Yasumi Matsuno's final credit before they left Square Enix (although they did later return as a freelancer for Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together).
Looking back, Final Fantasy XII is a game that brought much to the table, but at the same time divided fans and critics when it was released because of this. Those who have since revisited the title now see that perhaps it was ahead of its time, offering one of the most expansive, customisable and complex gameplay systems (Gambit System) and featuring a story that focussed more on political struggles than that of the relationships between angsty teenagers.
Although rumours have persisted for quite some time, unfortunately the only bit of hope we have for a Final Fantasy XII HD Remaster at this point comes from the mouth of Distant Worlds' conductor Arnie Roth, but with this list, we hope to give you some interesting nuggets of information to tide you over until we are able to experience this title again on a current general console.
So without further adieu, here are 10 facts about Final Fantasy XII you might not have known and you will hopefully feel are pretty darn interesting.
Chronologically, Final Fantasy XII Is The First Game of the Ivalice Franchise
Created by Yasumi Matsuno in 1995 when they joined Square, the world of Ivalice grew to become the Ivalice Alliance. This included titles such as Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance, and, of course, Final Fantasy XII.
Not much was known about the timelines between the various games until it became common knowledge thanks to the Final Fantasy XII Ultimania Omega. In this book, it was confirmed that the events of Final Fantasy XII occur before Final Fantasy Tactics. When Final Fantasy Tactics A2 was being released, it was also revealed in an interview with IGN that both Final Fantasy Tactics Advance and Final Fantasy Tactics Advance A2 also take place after Final Fantasy XII.
The only game then remaining is Vagrant Story (if we're ignoring Tactics S/Crystal Defenders sub-franchise). Despite Matsuno stated that they never this game to be set in the same world as Tactics and Final Fantasy XII, there are plenty of rather pertinent references and it is therefore assumed that Vagrant Story is the last chronological game in the Ivalice series.
Final Fantasy XII Was Originally Supposed To Be Online
When Final Fantasy X, XI and XII were announced, it was revealed that Final Fantasy X would be the last offline experience in the franchise. Everything afterwards, including Final Fantasy XII, were planned to be online games.
This was changed during the planning phase, as confirmed by Executive Producer Akitoshi Kawazu in an interview with IGN.
We have since only had one further online title (Final Fantasy XIV), with none others announced to be in the pipeline. It's also been announced that Final Fantasy XI's console service (PS2 / Xbox 360) will be ending on the 31st of March, 2016, but that the PC service will continue.
It Was The First Final Fantasy Title To Receive A Perfect Famitsu Score
Although it wasn't the first Matsuno title to receive a perfect score from Famitsu (Vagrant Story did in 2000), Final Fantasy XII was the first in the Final Fantasy franchise.
Since that time, Final Fantasy XIII-2 is the only other Final Fantasy title to receive the same accolade, although Final Fantasy X, Final Fantasy XIII and Final Fantasy Type-0 did come close (scoring 39/40).
Offers the First Villainous Cid in the Series
You might love Cid in many of their other iterations, but Final Fantasy XII offered fans their first villainous Cid.
Moonlighting as a mad scientist in Final Fantasy XII, Cidolfus Demen Bunansa (or Dr. Cid for short) also had a rather close relationship with a main cast member.
This would start up something of a trend, with Cid Raines appearing in Final Fantasy XIII as an antagonist and Final Fantasy Type-0 featuring Cid Aulstyne as the main villain.
Scene Where Penelo Is Tied Up Was Cut From Japanese Version Due To Real Life Events
At the time of Final Fantasy XII's release, a serial killer named Tsutomu Miyazaki was in the spotlight. They were given the death sentence for abducting and murdering 4 girls in Saitam and Tokyo Prefectures and their death sentence was carried out in January 2006, two months before Final Fantasy XII's release.
Although Square has not officially said that this incident was what made them remove the scene, they did say that this specific scene was cut due to incidents in the real world that would have made it a difficult thing to release at the lower age rating that they wanted.
This also marks one of the very few times where a scene was cut from the Japanese version of a Final Fantasy game, but was retained in the Western release.
Final Fantasy XII: International Zodiac Job System Was Due To Be Called Final Fantasy XII: Annex
Due to the sheer significance of the chances appearing within Final Fantasy XII International, Hiroyuki Ito who served as producer and director, did not want it to be compared to previous International releases.
It was therefore due to be called Final Fantasy XII: Annex. However, due to the strong Zodiac theme running throughout and perhaps because Ito wasn't able to implement all of the changes they wanted, they settled on Zodiac Job System and ended up throwing International back in as well.
First Final Fantasy Main Series Game To Feature Completely Different Summons
At this point, Final Fantasy fans were used to seeing the staple summons in their numbered releases; Bahamut, Shiva, Ifrit, etc. However, for Final Fantasy XII they were cut in favour of sticking with the Ivalice summons.
The summons featured in Final Fantasy XII, as they were in Final Fantasy Tactics, therefore relate to the signs of the zodiac, with exception of Zordiark, Keeper of Precepts, who was based on Ophiuchus which is another constellation.
Vaan/Ashe Had Already Appeared In A Game Before Final Fantasy XII Even Released
Both Vaan and Ashe appeared in another Square Enix title (Dragon Quest & Final Fantasy in Itadaki Street Special) two years before the release of Final Fantasy XII.
They were later joined by Penelo and Balthier for Dragon Quest & Final Fantasy in Itadaki Street Portable, but this released in Japan after Final Fantasy XII.
Square Enix has since been reluctant to follow this trend, with Noctis Lucis Caelum not being added to any other Square Enix properties until Final Fantasy XV has been released.
Only 500 Gabranth Helmets Were Made
Positioned as the most expensive piece of Final Fantasy XII merchandise, the full-size Judge Gabranth helmet is rather rare. Indeed, there were only 500 of these suckers ever made.
Even now, this serves as one of the most sought-after pieces of merchandise for collectors and prices can get pretty high for this piece, with eBay listings often going for over $1,000.
Final Fantasy XII is the Only Game In The Main Series to Remain on One Console
Although many have found love for Final Fantasy XII and critics praised the game when it was first released, Final Fantasy XII still remains the only game in the main series to be available on one console, the PlayStation 2.
Hopefully this will change should Square Enix decide to release a Final Fantasy XII HD Remaster to remedy this situation.
In a new poll released by Quinnipiac University, the race between presumptive republican nominee Mitt Romney and President Obama is very close. Obama leads Romney 46% to 42%. The poll also claimed that Romney had the edge among voters on the issues of the economy, jobs, and the price of gas. So how is Obama leading? The poll says women favor Obama by 49% to 39%. Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, stated, “Romney seems to hold an edge on the economy — the top issue of the campaign — and holds their own against the incumbent on being a strong leader.”
Obama's likeability is viewed as a plus for him; voters favored them over Romney 81% to 63% in terms of personal likeability. But the disapproval rate for Obama's handling of the economy remains high, at 56%. Obama's slight edge in the Quinnipiac poll is not echoed in the latest poll from Rasmussen, which shows Romney with a paper-thin edge of 46% to 45%. Rasmussen also shows that only 25% of voters strongly approve of Obama's overall performance, and 40% strongly disapprove.
One question Rasmussen posed reveals the fundamental negativism of voters about the present economy: only 49% of homeowners think their home is worth more now than they paid for it. The latest Gallup 5-day rolling poll shows Romney with a wider lead, 48% to 43%.
Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) on Monday slammed the protesters who have taken over a federal building at a wildlife refuge in rural Oregon, urging them to lay down their arms.
“Every one of us has a constitutional right to protest, to speak our minds,” Cruz told reporters at campaign event in Iowa, according to NBC News.
ADVERTISEMENT
“But we don't have a constitutional right to use force and violence and to threaten force and violence on others,” they said. “And so it is our hope that the protesters there will stand down peaceably, that there will not be a violent confrontation.”
Cruz said they are praying for everyone involved in the dispute, particularly law enforcement officials who “are risking their lives.”
The protesters, led by two sons of the Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, broke into the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Saturday when it was closed and no employees were present, according to The Oregonian.
The group says it is protesting the punishment of Dwight Hammond Jr. and Steven Hammond, a father and son who are due to return to jail Monday to serve out a five-year prison sentence for arson on a nearby tract of federal land.
The Hammonds were first given a much lighter sentence, but federal prosecutors appealed, and a higher court ordered the five-year sentence in line with a law aimed at punishing terrorists.
The protesters are part of a group that frequently protests against federal government's management of Western lands, and some of them have told media outlets that they plan to stay on the refuge for years.
The FBI told The Oregonian that it is leading a law enforcement effort to bring a “peaceful” resolution to the dispute, though the gunmen have said they are prepared to use force if needed.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest on Monday said President Obama is aware of the occupation at the refuge, but avoided speaking at length about it, calling it “a local law enforcement matter.”
The standoff has put Republican presidential candidates on the spot, with some of them having expressed support in a similar dispute in 2014 between Bundy and the government over unpaid grazing fees.
The support for Bundy eroded when they began making racially charged statements in interviews.
Up until Monday, most of the GOP's White House contenders had refrained from speaking out on the Oregon dispute, but that is beginning to change.
Like Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) condemned the takeover at the refuge, though they told an Iowa radio station that they sympathize with the movement to shrink federal land holdings.
“You've got to follow the law. You cannot be lawless,” Rubio told KBUR in an interview highlighted by Buzzfeed. “We live in a republic. There are ways to change the laws of this country and the policies. And if we get frustrated with it, that's why we have elections, that's why we have people we can hold accountable.”
Rubio lent some credit to the stated goals of the occupation, reported by local media to involve a small group of armed men with very few local residents.
“I agree that there is too much federal control over land, especially out in the western part of the United States. There are states, for example, like Nevada that are dominated by the federal government in terms of land holding, and we should fix it,” Rubio said, adding that it shouldn't be done “in a way that is outside the law.”
Ben Carson, another Republican candidate for the presidency, said they have “concerns” about the way farmers and ranchers are treated in the West, but said “there is nothing that justifies the armed occupation of government buildings.”
"We are a nation of laws. And that means that when we need redress from the government, we seek it peacefully,” Carson said in a statement.
Among the 2016 hopefuls, Cruz has been one of the most vocal advocates for reducing federal land ownership, along with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.).
Cruz led the charge against the Bureau of Land Management's claims over property around the Red River in Texas, saying they want to “protect landowners from federal overreach.”
Rubio has been less vocal about federal land ownership, but their energy policy platform calls for more local and state control over federal property for oil and natural gas drilling or other uses.
Land management is a major political issue in Western states. Nationwide, the federal government owns and manages nearly 630 million acres, with most located west of the Mississippi River.
Cruz and Rubio have increasingly clashed in recent weeks, with both seeking to overtake Donald Trump in polls of the Republican race.
While Rubio is seeking to gain ground in New Hampshire, the first primary state, Cruz has taken the lead in Iowa, which will hold its caucuses on Feb. 1.
- This story was last updated at 2:31 p.m.
Once upon a time I used to be a fan of nuclear energy. As far as I saw it, nuclear energy was the silver bullet solution to all of our energy problems and more. However, the more I've learned about the industry the more critical I've become.
Notably the fact that most of the economic figures in support of nuclear power (a couple of typical delusions you'll find here and here) come straight out the Hogwarts school of magic, wizardry…. and economics (more realistic appraisals of nuclear economics can be found here and here). There is the question about the world's limited stockpiles of fissile material, not helped by the fact that the Light water Reactors (LWR's) that make up the bulk of our present capacity are ridiculously fuel inefficient – only about 2-3% of the fissile material is actually consumed by them! Imagine going into the GM boardroom and proposing a car that would throw away 98-97% of its fuel as dangerous toxic waste! you'd likely be fired on the spot! Reprocessing isn't economic and involves turning a small pile of High level waste (HLW) into a much bigger pile of Intermediate level waste (ILW). And what are we planning to do with this waste? Various proposals have been made, but no nation on earth has yet to comprehensively solve this problem. Then there's the glacially slow build rate of reactors, and of course, the nagging issue of nuclear safety.
But is there a better way?
Of course some supporters of nuclear energy would say that all of the problems I've just listed off boil down to one fateful decision taken back in the 1950's – to build large LWR's in preference to the many other reactor designs proposed at the time. There are a multitude of reasons why this decision was taken, I will review these factors in part 4 of this posting when we review the light water design. But regardless of the “why's?” the fact is that the nuclear industry did embark on this plan and is now stuck down a blind alley because of it. But one of the key reasons the LWR was chosen was cost – it was simply a lot cheaper and easier to get a program of LWR's off the ground than anything else. Unfortunately in the process of doing this the nuclear industry laid a trap for themselves.
The LWR was originally designed by the US navy to run submarines, specifically they were small in scale with outputs of between 15-50 MW e versus the 500-1,600 MW e behemoths the civil nuclear industry use. These large “megatron” LWR's were scaled up to the point where they became inherently unsafe – if the cooling system for any reason failed, the reactor would go into meltdown. This meant the cooling systems and all backups related to it (including its backup power generators) HAD to work perfectly i.e. critical system components. Unfortunately several accidents since then, notably TMI and Chernobyl, revealed flaws in the original design. The only way to correct these flaws was to include further safety systems, as well as by building a large concrete containment dome over the reactors to contain any radiation releases. The end result has been the size and scale of nuclear projects has ballooned in size, as has the costs of new nuclear build. All these safety critical components also need careful testing prior to commercial operation, meaning the pace of new nuclear construction has slowed to a crawl. Fukushima will now inevitably likely lead to another round of recriminations, further expensive upgrades, redesigns and a further round of reactor shutdowns.
If there's one fact that both supporters of nuclear power and opponents have to agree on is that if the nuclear industry is to have any future, then we need to ditch these mega-LWR's for something else. Various alternatives to the LWR have been proposed, these include:
High temperature gas Reactors , “modular” Pebble bed Reactors , the advanced CANDU reactor, so-called “fast” reactors and the LTFR/MSR reactors .
But could these reactors actually supply us with something better? In the following series of article we will explore this question by subjecting these designs to a critical review.
Part 2 – Assessment criteria and FMEA
Part 3 – High temperature materials
Part 4 – Light water reactors
Part 5 – Heavy water reactors and the CANDU design
Part 6 – Assessment of High Temperatre Gas Reactor (HTGR's)
Part 7 – The Gas cooled Fast Reactor (GcFR's) concept and waste Transmutation
Part 8 – The MSR (molten salt reactor) and LFTR reactor concepts
Part 9 – Fusion power
Part 10 – Small modular reactors and mass production options
Part 11 – Summary and Conclusions
Home page
Comments welcome, but the comments section is getting a little long and difficult for newcomers to follow, so please try and keep them brief (I've had as you can see a few novels posted!), link to other pages if you're going to make a long post and don't post thing's like video's (link it!), etc. Also try not to comment on topics that have already been covered in depth unless you have something new to add. I reserve the right to remove or edit comments that do not conform to these conditions, especially if they make outlandish claims that are not supported by a suitable reference or include profanities, etc.
Advertisements
We'll have more on this one in a bit, as JCarp has penned an excellent fanpost regarding benefits and how they affect the calculus of Coach Cochran's retention at Alabama.
Meanwhile, as Aaron Suttles reports, Nick Saban is not letting FOUR FANGERS go gently into that sweet Athens goodnight:
Nick Saban isn't just rolling over and letting their strength and conditioning coach Scott Cochran go to Georgia to eventually join Kirby Smart's staff. He's fighting to keep him. Saban is attempting to convince Cochran to stay with the promise of a significant raise, The Tuscaloosa News has learned. Cochran received a $25,000 raise in June to bring their total salary to $420,000
As the RBR mantra goes, "hope for the best."
--
The following fanpost, on why retirement may not be that big of a deal to Coach Cochran, is an excellent read and worth your time. It's also been bumped to the front page.
Them NAME WAS Bridget O'Donnel. In December of 1849 they have been cheated out of their crops, their 13-year-old son had died and they were worried they were going to lose their newborn baby too. The famine had destroyed their life.
Bridget's story was just one of many who suffered great hardship during the Great Irish Famine, but theirs was the first to travel across the Irish sea. It was the first to be read by Londoners who, before then, could not believe the horrors they heard about the famine in Ireland could possibly be true.
The picture above, of the young mother and their two children, appeared in an issue of the London Illustrated News, along with what is now believed to be the world's first newspaper interview.
Iconic
Michael Foley, the author of a new folio on journalism and the Great Irish Famine, explained that at the beginning of the famine, there was a belief that a catastrophe of this scale could not possibly be taking place within the biggest empire in the world.
In England, there was also a general distrust of the Irish so a number of journalists were sent here to authenticate what had been coming out in the Irish press.
“The technology that allowed for Illustrated newspapers had just arrived and the London Illustrated News was relatively new,” Foley told TheJournal.ie.
The picture used was actually quite small but it became hugely iconic afterwards. An artist, who happened to be from Cork – James Mahony was their name – was sent to Ireland and they met them and drew the picture and they ended up being this human interest story.
At the time, the interview with the woman was not so much an attempt at a new style of journalism as it was a practical way of demonstrating to readers they were a real person by putting a story with a face. They told the artist about how the famine had impacted on their life, about the loss of their son and their concerns about the future for their other children.
It was thought, up until now, that the first ever newspaper interview was in 1859 in the US, with the founder of the New York Tribune, Horace Greeley. Foley believes Bridget's story may have fallen through the cracks as they were an ordinary person.
Change
At the time, a slow revolution was beginning in the newspaper industry and views on poverty among those in the higher ranks of society were also changing.
“There were lots of changes happening. One was philosophical -people started to understand what they had in common and that the poor was not necessarily responsible for their own poverty. People started wanting to know more about the poor,” Foley said.
They said the terrible suffering journalists saw in Ireland during that time had a huge impact on them.
“They were probably the only middle class people, other than doctors and the like, who saw the famine and I think when we see later growth of the nationalist press in Ireland that was those same journalists.”
And the use of individual stories to highlight the wider issues is seen in modern news reports every day.
“If you look at the little boy whose body was found on the beach in Turkey – suddenly all the issues people had with refugees fell away and people said ‘we can take them'. IT was the same with Bridget. People couldn't say ‘well you can't trust the Irish because they're always rising up and causing trouble'.
This woman and their children became an uncomplicated image of the famine.”
Foley's folio, ‘Death in Every Paragraph: Journalism & the Great Irish Famine', is one of four to be released by Cork University Press.
But Apple's main rivals — Samsung and other sellers of cellphones using the Google Android operating system, like HTC of Taiwan and Huawei and ZTE of China — are making smartphones for much less, and the iPhone is becoming ubiquitous, threatening its cachet.
For now, said T. Michael Walkley, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity in Minneapolis, the iPhone lineup has momentum and Apple, based in Cupertino, Calif., should be able to pad its lead over rivals this year.
“But I cannot say with certainty that five years on, Apple will still be on top,” Mr. Walkley said, noting that Apple and HTC did not even make smartphones six years ago. “I assume they will be, but it is difficult to predict anything in this dynamic market.”
They estimated that Apple had captured 52 percent of all profits in the smartphone industry in 2011, a share they predicted would increase to 60 percent this year.
Apple, following its tradition of participating only in its own promotional events, has no formal presence or exhibition stand at the Mobile World Congress, the industry's largest annual convention this week in Barcelona.
Alan Hely, an Apple spokesperson in London, said the company had no comment for this article.
Timothy D. Cook, the Apple chief executive, told a Goldman Sachs investment conference this month that Apple would not rest on its laurels after its record fourth quarter, in which it sold 37 million iPhones — 17 million more than it had ever sold in a quarter.
Tongue in cheek, Mr. Cook called the 37 million “pretty good,” drawing laughs, but then put it in stark perspective: “As I see it, that 37 million for last quarter represented 24 percent of the smartphone market. So three out of four people bought something else. And it represented less than 9 percent of the handset market, so nine out of 10 people are buying something else.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The smartphone market last year was a half billion units,” they continued. “In 2015, it is projected to be a billion units. When you take it in the context of these numbers, the truth is, this is a jaw-dropping industry. It has enormous opportunities to it. Up against those, the numbers don't seem so large anymore.”
Carrying the iPhone has benefited operators, who use it to attract new customers. Sprint, the No. 3 carrier in the United States after AT&T and Verizon, sold 1.8 million iPhone 4S's in the fourth quarter, its first sales of Apple models. In that period, the operator added 1.6 million customers, the biggest such increase in six years.
Deutsche Telekom, France Télécom and Vodafone have also spoken of the positive effect iPhone sales have on their profits. But over time, the iPhone could be undermined by its own success.
“All of a sudden, every teenage girl has an iPhone,” Mr. Walkley said. “The real danger is that Apple becomes so mainstream that there is a breakaway by consumers to something new.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Apple's competitors are awaiting that chance, said Mark Newman, the director of mobile research at Informa Telecoms and Media, a research business in London.
That puts pressure on Apple to continue innovating with each new iPhone. The 4s, which looked no different from the iPhone 4, added Siri, the Apple voice-activated command function introduced with the iPhone 4S, which helped make it a top-selling phone.
“Apple is focused on defending the high end of the market, and that is becoming harder to do each year,” Mr. Newman said. “Competitors, such as the Galaxy from Samsung, are starting to catch up. I think it is inevitable that the margin pressure increases.”
That pressure is not evident at Apple, which continues to derive more than 40 percent operating profit from the sale of each smartphone, Mr. Walkley estimated.
In 2011, Apple became the world's largest buyer of semiconductors, according to Gartner. It displaced LG of Korea as the No. 3 maker of mobile phones by volume, trailing only Nokia and Samsung.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Apple narrowed the lead held by Android, the free operating system developed by Google. By last December, 44.5 percent of all smartphone buyers in the United Sttes were choosing iPhones, up from just 25.1 percent last October. The proportion choosing for Android fell to 46.9 percent from 61.6 percent, according to Nielsen.
Patrick Rémy, the vice president of devices at France Télécom in Paris, said they saw no sign of the Apple brand's diminishing. On the contrary, Mr. Rémy said, Apple and Samsung have the financial resources to invest in the marketing, image and innovation that are needed to stay a step ahead of the competition.
“We are not seeing any major part of these brands declining,” Mr. Rémy said.
But competition, especially from lower-price rivals, is not standing still.
By 2016, more than half of all smartphones sold will cost less than $300, according to Informa. Last year, 81 percent — most of them iPhones — cost more than $300. The proportion costing less than $200, which currently makes up 5 percent of the global market, is expected to increase almost fivefold, to 24 percent, by 2016.
Shao Yang, the marketing director for mobile devices at Huawei — the Chinese maker of mobile networking equipment which has set a goal of being among the world's top three cellphone makers by 2015 — said consumers would be able to obtain superior performance for less in the future.
“I think currently the biggest trend is not the price, but the capability,” Mr. Shao said. “There is a competition in capability. The function of the phone will change very fast.”
Huawei, based in Shenzhen, sold 20 million smartphones last year, up from 3.1 million in 2010. Huawei sold about half of its smartphones in China for between $150 and $200. Its biggest foreign market is the United States, where Huawei in January presented the Ascend P1 S, calling it the thinnest smartphone at 6.65 millimeters, or 0.26 inch.
The P1 S will not start selling until April, and Huawei has not released the price. But Mr. Shao said it would cost less than an iPhone. “Smartphones are going to become cheaper and cheaper,” they said.
Apple, though, is represented in the low-price smartphone segment. The iPhone 3, a predecessor, is being given away with a £16.50 plan at O2 U.K., while the iPhone 4 is free with a £36 plan.
Internal documents uncovered by NBC Bay Area's Investigative Unit tell the story of what city officials are calling "conflict of interest" in San Jose's pension system. Watchdog reporter, Jenna Susko explains. This story was published March 26, 2012, at 8 a.m. (Published Thursday, April 26, 2012)
Internal Emails Tell Story of 'Conflict of Interest' in SJ Pension System
Conflict of interest?
That's the question some officials are asking about San Jose's pension system after seeing internal city documents uncovered by the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit.
Now we examine the possible influence city officials have had on what's supposed to be independent information.
The internal emails tell the story.
“Do you feel like you've been lied to?” Watchdog Reporter Jenna Susko asks Police and Fire Retirement Board member David Bacigalupi.
“I do, I do,” Bacigalupi responds.
“And you feel like information has been withheld?” Susko asks.
“It's obvious from the emails you've shown me,” they say, “it's incredible.”
He's talking about emails between city employees that show conversations about San Jose's future retirement costs. They are discussing filtering information.
“My fellow new board members, they are going to be shocked when they see all this,” Bacigalupi comments after seeing the emails.
He's talking about members of San Jose's two retirement boards. They oversee multi-billion dollar retirement plans and make critical decisions about how much public money goes toward funding pensions.
To help make decisions, the board hires an independent actuary to analyze the city's finances and project future retirement costs.
The company currently doing the job is Cheiron.
However, Cheiron's independence is now being questioned by board members.
“When we use outside consultants the entire foundation of the plan's concept is built on the fact that they are independent,” Chair of the Police and Fire Retirement Board, Sean Kaldor, tells NBC Bay Area
“Is any amount of influence acceptable?” Susko asks Bacigalupi.
“No, Not at all,” they respond.
We obtained emails between San Jose's Retirement Services Director, Russell Crosby and that independent actuary, Cheiron.
In this message, Cheiron sent Crosby the draft version of a report to be presented to the board.
Crosby wrote back, requesting Cheiron alter slides.
Cheiron apparently planned to show extending amortization to 25 years, but Crosby was “against” that, so the information was removed.
Click here to see the draft and the final version.
“There is definitely influence going on,” Mike Pisula, an actuary in Pittsburgh, tells NBC Bay Area.
Pisula's company provides actuarial services for smaller municipalities and says they are not a competitor of Cheiron.
We asked them to look through presentations, city emails and public documents then give their professional opinion via satellite interview.
“Overall, do you believe information was withheld that could have affected decision making by the retirement board?” Susko asked Pisula.
“The information on slide six was withheld from the December presentation,” Pisula responds.
The original slide six and the changed version that was actually presented to the board can be viewed here.
“It would have been better to have both the current and prior table side by side,” Pisula tells NBC Bay Area
And Cheiron agreed.
After Crosby asked if both tables were needed in another email, Cheiron's CEO responded, yes, but Crosby asked them to reconsider and so they acquiesced.
The presentation was changed.
Click here to view the email chain.
Gene Kalwarski is the CEO of Cheiron.
We caught up with them at a Retirement Board meeting last month.
“Has anyone with the city ever asked you to change slides or delete slides from your presentations?” Susko asks Kalwarski.
“No,” Kalwarski pauses, “when you say from the city do you include staff here?”
“I do. I include Russell Crosby,” Susko responds.
“They make suggestions, we give them draft slides, and if we think their suggestions would enhance,” Kalwarski trails off, “there's give and take so there may be changes, but nothing strikes me as significant here,” they say.
“To say, ‘I don't like this recommendation and I want you to change it', that's not how the process is supposed to work,” Chair of Police and Fire Retirement Board, Sean Kaldor tells NBC Bay Area.
We found other information being withheld. This time from Kaldor.
Kaldor emailed a city employee asking how pay-cuts would affect pension projections in this note.
That city employee, Mike Mohele, sent an email to Russell Crosby, saying
“savings for the 10% reduction in pay would be greater than I calculated.”
However, they say, “I would rather not point this out” to Kaldor, the board's chair.
You can view the email chain here.
“Does it make you upset to see that?” Susko asks Kaldor as they read over the emails.
“I would want to know the motivation behind it,” they say, “maybe there was a perfectly good reason, but facts are facts, and I think that's the job of staff: to provide factual information to the board.”
“And you were not provided that information?” Susko asks.
“That is correct,” Kaldor replies.
“I would be very concerned if I was on that board,” Judy Nadler is a senior fellow in government ethics at the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University and is a former mayor of the city of Santa Clara.
We showed them some of the emails.
“Why that information is not being made available to the individuals who are making decisions is inexplicable,” Nadler tells NBC Bay Area, “I think they have good cause to be outraged.”
And some board members are.
“So, you have no doubt in your mind that Russell Crosby over-stepped their boundaries?” Susko asks board member Bacigalupi.
“Absolutely, absolutely,” Bacigalupi responds, “if they worked for me, I'd be looking at the board, recommending termination, but they don't work for me. They work for the city manager and it shows.”
Russell Crosby and their boss, City Manager Debra Figone, declined our requests for an interview.
Instead, Figone issued us this statement.
In it, City Manager Figone says steps have been taken to restructure the Retirement Board already.
They also say "if either of the retirement boards were dissatisfied with the Director of Retirement Services, the board could report their concerns to me. I would consider this feedback as part of the perofrmance appriasal process."
And remember Mike Moehle, the city employee who didn't want to tell the board's chair about the real numbers?
Guess where they work now?
At Cheiron. Working on San Jose's retirement projections.
“Could this be a problem?” Susko asks Nadler about Moehle now working for Cheiron on city projects.
“Yes, it could be,” Nadler replies, “Blending their role as a city official into this role with the contractor raises some red flags for me.”
According to Cheiron's contract with the city, San Jose employees are “disqualified” from employment (see page 9 of the contract) because it's a violation of the Revolving Door Ordinance.
Moehle requested a waiver of this policy and the city council approved it August 23, 2011. (See item 3.6)
However, if you look at the dates on these emails, it appears they began working for Cheiron on San Jose projects before they got the OK from the city council.
“I'm hard pressed to understand the critical nature of this fast track process,” Nadler comments on Moehle getting a waiver of the city policy, “I would question whether or not bringing in someone with that much experience, would compromise the independence of the work they do.”
And with so many numbers crunched and data presented, board members say any filtering of information ultimately cheats the taxpayer
“Should the public be outraged by this?” Susko asks board member Bacigalupi.
“They should. They are the ones on the hook for the bill,” Bacigalupi replies, “the system is broken.”
The structure of the retirement system is also in question.
Do you have something you want us to check out?
Email us: TheUnit@nbcbayarea.com
Call us: 1-888-996-TIPS
Shortly after SHOT Show last month, a couple of FFL dealers began having issues with financial institutions cutting off merchant accounts for “violating” the user agreements, Bearing Arms has learned exclusively.
Montana Tactical, located in Bozeman, unexpectedly received an email from Intuit, a credit card processing company, saying Montana Tactical's transactions are considered “MOTO business” (mail order/telephone order). Intuit declined to continue servicing Montana Tactical because the store sells firearms, ammunition and gun powder.
“Aaron [owner of Montana Tactical] only sells ammunition through the physical storefront and does not sell loose powder,” Mark Oliver, Public Affairs Manager for the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), told Bearing Arms.
To help clear the air, Oliva reached out to Rob Lanesey, Intuit's Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Chief Communications Officers.
Subject: Inquiry from Press Room Rob – Please forgive the cold call email. I left you a message earlier today on your phone. I'm reaching out because one of our member companies, Montana Tactical (http://www.montanatactical.com/), recently received notification that Intuit terminated their business relationship with them under your MOTO rules and because they sell gunpowder and weapons. I think there might be a misunderstanding of what Montana Tactical is and the sort of business they are in. Montana Tactical is a fully-compliant Federal Firearms Licensed (FFL) dealer, licensed through the ATF to deal in firearms. Their firearms sales are all completed with a NICS background check, in compliance with federal and state laws. They have a physical store and provide sales through the internet, which must also be completed by a NICS background check at a designated FFL. In other words, if I were to complete a purchase for a firearm from another state, that would still be needed a face-to-face transfer through a licensed FFL to which Montana Tactical would ship that firearm for transfer subsequent to passing the background check. That means no one can order a firearm through the internet or over the phone and have it delivered directly. This is federal law. Additionally, Montana Tactical does not sell loose gunpowder. They do sell encased ammunition, but only through their physical storefront. They do not sell ammunition by internet or phone based orders. In speaking with Mr. Hagen, the owner of Montana Tactical, they said they received notification from Intuit via email that their business relationship was being terminated at Intuit's initiative for the above reasons. There was no opportunity for Mr. Hagen to discuss this, answer questions or explain their situation before this decision was made. We believe this may have been a decision based on a lack of complete understanding of the legal business Mr. Hagen is partaking in, while maintaining compliance with federal law and ATF regulations. We've had both state legislative and Congressional interest in Mr. Hagen's situation. We wanted to reach out to Intuit to allow for a correction before we took any further action on behalf of our member business. I've copied Mr. Hagen on this email should you have any direct questions for him. I appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you. Respectfully, Mark Oliva Manager, Public Affairs National Shooting Sports Foundation
Of course, no one returned the NSSF's email or phone call.
“It was like crickets,” Olive said.
Interestingly enough, Intuit wasn't the only business that decided to nix Montana Tactical's business operations. After SHOT Show, Montana Tactical decided to try using Google Ads to help advertise their business. They quickly received an email saying their ad violated Google's terms of use.
“Apparently we violate their terms of use policy as well yet you can search for firearms and firearms dealers on their search engine,” said Sara Hagen, Montana Tactical's Marketing Director.
The sad part is Montana Tactical isn't the only FFL who has had or continues to have these problems.
Larry Reynolds, the owner of Valdez Marine and Outdoors in Valdez, AK, is facing similar issues but this time with Square. Square will no longer provide credit card processing for Reynolds' business because they sell firearms, even though they have used the service for the last two to three years with no issue until now.
According to Michael Montgomery of Class III Enterprises in Brentwood, TN, Intuit denied credit card processing for their store in 2014. They denied processing their payments because they sold firearms, gun parts, accessories and clothing on ebay, Gunbroker, SubGuns and other ecommerce platforms.
“Time is the most valuable thing on earth,” said labor champion Samuel Gompers. “Time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.” In the 1995 role-playing game Chrono Trigger, time is a more quantifiable commodity, and the class divide that preoccupied Gompers rears its head in surprising ways.
Applying the concept of “levels” to a nonlinear game like Chrono Trigger is difficult. Like the time traveler character in The Cave, actions undertaken in one time period have consequences—sometimes drastic ones—in other eras. The landscape of one level could become a totally different place with some tweaks to the space-time continuum. One could argue that these are, in fact, completely separate and distinct “levels” in themselves (I'm sure physicist and television personality Michio Kaku has some appropriate theory concerning parallel universes), but that doesn't make it any easier to discuss specific chapters of the game.
Chrono Trigger centers on a red-haired mute named Crono and their odd group of friends. After discovering the secret of time travel, they inadvertently learn of their planet's dark fate. Now it's their job to stop it. The first half of the game sees these temporal freedom fighters trying to thwart Magus, a charismatic rebel leader who's leading an army of monsters against humankind. Your crew believes that Magus is somehow responsible for the coming holocaust. But their motivations are murky. The clues make them out to be a silver-haired Friedrich Engels or Antoine Lasalle—a firebrand from a well-off family who fights for those disenfranchised souls below them on the social hierarchy.
To the powers that be in the Chrono Trigger world, then, Magus is an existential threat that must be first discredited and then militarily defeated. One character has a particularly vivid flashback of Magus callously murdering a gallant knight. But the flashback lacks a historical context. How else but force was Magus to dislodge the entrenched landed gentry?
Issues of class and race pervade nearly every epoch in the game (except for the bleak far future, where everyone dresses in rags and eats vermin). The seeds go all the way back to prehistoric times, where primitive humans vie with a more advanced lizard people for dominion of the planet. That the humans improbably won—with some help from Crono and their future-altering cohorts—has consequences that echo throughout Chrono Trigger's timeline.
Rather than unite after their existential triumph, though, people find new ways to segregate and divide among themselves. Many years after humans first defeated the reptiles, an oppressive ruling class—defined by its access to an arcane and alien power—has set itself up in floating palaces floating high above the earth. The denizens of Zeal, as this hovering Gomorrah is known, literally and figuratively look down on the “Earthbound Ones.” This underclass lacks magic and lives a bare subsistence level in the frozen wastes below.
Still, when you're launched through time and end up on its doorstep, the kingdom of Zeal is a sight to behold. (And to painstakingly remake in Minecraft.) The knowledge that slave labor built the Egyptian pyramids doesn't diminish their awe-inspiring power, and so it is with Zeal. It makes the brick-and-mortar castle of Chrono Trigger's “present day” look like a well-decorated outhouse. Zeal consists of four magnificent floating islands, and all under the rule of a power-mad queen. Them enemies are subjugated. There is peace.
This unchecked decadence virtually ensures its own destruction. On the Zealian island of Enhasa, for instance, many of the inhabitants drift seamlessly between dreams and wakefulness, exploring the magical limits of the unconscious world. They've lost touch with reality. Their city could be burning around them, and they would die in bed with smiles on their drooling faces.
Not all of Zeal's people are willfully ignorant of the coming cataclysm. Upon first meeting Crono and their friends, the queen's son—a sullen boy named Janus—greets them with a warning: “The black wind howls… One among you will shortly perish…” Janus is, no doubt, quite popular at Zeal Elementary. Janus's regal mother, meanwhile, sees nothing but glory ahead. A hooded figure known as the Prophet has their ear, and she's moving ahead with their plans to activate the Mammon Machine and achieve immortality.
The word “Mammon” is suggestive of the forces at work. Popping up throughout the New Testament, Mammon describes a demonic incarnation of gluttony and greed. The Zeal engineers might have chosen a less ominous name for their biomechanical marvel, but their expertise is in magic, not marketing. A more fitting appellation, it turns out, may be the Moloch Machine, as the queen will soon learn that this thing runs on fuel derived from the tears of children.
This is where the intricacies of time travel can really make your head spin. Crono and company, after a brief banishment from Zeal, return to put things right. The Prophet—in a move lifted from the Children Of Dune playbook—reveals themselves to be Magus, who is actually the fully-grown version of the boy Janus. He's come back in time to avert the catastrophe they know is about to unfold. After the Mammon Machine incident occurs in the original timeline, Janus is flung forward in time, where they are raised by downtrodden monster people and later, through their awesome magical skills, comes to lead them as Magus. But all of these feeds into Janus/Magus' effort to get back to Zeal, save their sister, and avert cataclysm by defeating the immortal outer-space lava monster from which the Mammon Machine mines magical energy. Time travel. Simple.
Magus fails. The lava space monster is still too powerful. But Magus unwittingly succeeds in pulling down the barrier between powerful and impotent, rich and poor. The battle causes Zeal to go crashing into the ocean. Its dandified survivors go to the Earthbound Ones for help and shelter, and balance is restored, for the time being.
A monitor shows prisoners inside their individual cells inside Guantanamo's communal prison compound. Cell B105 shows a prisoner standing in prayer - and B101 shows the black helmets and other riot gear U.S. forces used on the blocks during a prison riot in April 2013.
The U.S. prison at Guantánamo has sufficient military medical staff to synchronize forced-feedings to the Ramadan fast and will only feed hunger strikers after sunset and before dawn, a prison spokesperson said Tuesday.
Navy Capt. Robert Durand said that the detention center had for years only fed Ramadan-observing detainees at night during Islam's holy month, and this year would be no different — even with the majority of captives on hunger strike.
“We understand that observing the daytime fast and taking nothing by mouth or vein is an essential component of Muslim observance of Ramadan,” Durand said. “And for those detainees on hunger strike we will ensure that our preservation of life through enteral feeding does not violate the tenets of their faith.”
“Enteral feed” is Guantánamo's term for the process by which U.S. soldiers shackle a captive into a restraint chair, often inside a prison cell, then a Navy nurse inserts a tube into the captive's nose to deliver a nutritional supplement down the back of their throat and into their stomach.
As of Tuesday, the lockup with 166 foreign prisoners disclosed that 106 of the captives were on hunger strike. Of them, 45 were designated for nasogastric feedings. Three were being fed at the prison hospital Tuesday, said Army Lt. Col. Samuel House, although none had “life threatening conditions.”
This will be the 12th Ramadan in U.S. captivity for most Guantánamo detainees. It begins at the U.S. Navy base in southeast Cuba at sunset Monday.
Troops adjust their captives' feeding schedules to after dark for those observing the fast, said Durand, and will still offer meals during the day for those who don't fast. The prison has already “laid in supplies of lamb, dates and honey and zamzam water” — water from a well in Mecca, said Durand.
At Guantánamo, the prison has nearly 140 Navy medical workers — doctors, nurses, corpsmen — assigned exclusively to care for the captives. The staff includes 37 reinforcements sent by the U.S. Southern Command in April.
Durand said Tuesday that staffing was not issue. “We are confident that we will be able to provide life-preserving enteral feeds where necessary without violating a fundamental tenet of the Islamic faith.”
They made the commitment by telephone from Guantánamo in an interview with The Miami Herald a day after lawyers for four Guantánamo captives sought an emergency hearing at federal court in a bid to get a judge to order the Pentagon to stop force-feedings, as inhumane.
The lawyers for prisoners from Algeria, Syria and Saudi Arabia asked that, while the court considers the question, it prohibits daytime tube-feedings during Ramadan.
The advocacy group Council on American-Islamic Relations, in response to the suit, issued a statement of opposition to “force-feeding hunger-striking prisoners at the Guantánamo Bay detention camp, particularly during the upcoming month-long fast of Ramadan.”
Detainees say through their attorneys that the feedings are both painful and humiliating; the Pentagon defends the practice as routinely used on consenting U.S. hospital patients.
Share
So while we've determined that Ford considered, but ultimately rejected, a first-generation Mustang station wagon for production, that never stopped fans of the pony car from mixing up their own takes on the concept, and thanks to our Lost and Found mention of Bob Hoshiko's Shelby wagon, we seem to have become Mustang Station Wagon Central, with a few recent submissions in our inbox.
First, Paul Gronholm of Las Vegas, Nevada, sent us the above photo. They wrote:
The enclosed photo of a Mustang wagon was taken in the mid-1990s in Dolton, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. No one was home when I took this photo. I wish I had taken more; the interior looked “factory” and the roof looked like one seamless sheet of steel, beautiful.
The very next day, Bob Iacono of Worth, Illinois, sent us these two photos that they took in 1984. They noted it was located in a parking lot in Hillside, Illinois, and looked professional.
Assuming that Illinois isn't like California, where the license plate remains with the car from owner to owner, then the same person owned this particular Mustang wagon for at least a decade. Hillside's on the west side of Chicago, while Dolton's on the south side, but that doesn't necessarily mean much. One other possibility brought up by the same plates 10 years apart is that the plates expired by the time Paul took their photo and the wagon was retired to driveway duty.
President-elect Obama comes from Illinois, right? So we demand a full Senate investigation. Economy, schmeconomy, we want answers!
Next, Ron Harnish of Scottsdale, Arizona, shared with us some photographs they took of a Mustang sedan delivery late last month at a cruise-in there in Scottsdale.
The driver/owner said: A Ford Fairmont station wagon roof was used in the conversion. The car was built by a Ford employee as a personal vehicle. They indicated the paint job was 18 years old. The car is a custom, not true to the Ford Mustang as the dash has been changed. No windows were used in the rear area so this might be correctly listed as a sedan delivery not a station wagon. I did not get the owner's name. The driver/owner did not tell me all of this information directly – I overheard most of it when I was taking the pictures. The driver/owner did not seem overly friendly toward me, perhaps they did not like my taking pictures of the car. However, they did not ask me to stop. I have seen this vehicle twice in the last two weeks. I have a feeling it may show up at the Barrett/Jackson Auction in January. At this time of year many automobiles, from all over the country, show up for the auction.
So far, we don't see any listings in Barrett-Jackson's January auction that would match this car. Russo and Steele, another likely auction house where this would appear, doesn't appear to have their listings available yet.
Then again, that's an Arizona license plate, so maybe the owner's local? Either way, we're not buying the “built by a Ford employee” shtick until we see documentation.
Finally, we heard from Michael Black, also of Arizona, who said they built a Mustang station wagon for a customer back in 1988 under the banner of Universal Coachworks.
I made some Middle Eastern Tabouleh Salad today and wanted a bit of hummus to go along with it. Being made from basically chickpeas, this is far from a low-carbers “safe” food to eat. But I recently I saw on another WordPress blog Cavewoman Cafe that cauliflower can be used to make hummus, so I pulled out my hummus recipe of many years and tried it.
I really wanted to add just a few chick peas for the flavor boost, but discovered I didn't have any among my canned goods or cooked in the freezer either. I thought a moment and remembered I have Done chickpea flour in my pantry. After all, it's made from finely ground chickpeas, non? Hmmmm…..Why not?
So I whipped up a batch of my regular hummus recipe, subbing cauliflower for chick peas, guessing how much chickpea flour to put in the mix. Man, this came out not just good, it was to die for! I honestly couldn't really tell it apart from the carb-laden variety made with all chickpeas! This recipe is not suitable until the legumes rung of the OWL ladder. The bread sticks pictured are made from 1 slice of my focaccia bread
NOTE: This is not so great leftover. The cauliflower taste comes through much stronger on day 2. So only make up as much as you think will be consumed completely the day it is made.
Visit the LOW CARBING AMONG FRIENDS Facebook page to see many more delicious recipes that can be yours in their latest cookbook series. International author Jennifer Eloff and friends have collaborated to bring you some of their very best low-carb and gluten-free kitchen creations. The books are available individually or as a 5-volume set from Amazon or here.
DISCLAIMER: I do not receive remuneration for this book promotion or for the inclusion of my recipes therein. I do so because they are GREAT cooks and I know you'll want to add these books to your low-carb “toolbox”.
INGREDIENTS:
16 oz. cauliflower
2 T. tahini paste (sesame seed butter)
2 T. chickpea flour (or ¼ c. cooked chickpeas. mashed up well)
1 T. fresh lemon juice
½ clove garlic, minced
dash salt
1 T. olive oil (for the hummus mixture)
¼ c. olive oil for top garnish
Dash paprika for garnish
parsley sprig to garnish (optional)
DIRECTIONS: Steam cauliflower over boiling water until tender. Lift out of pot and put into food processor. Add all remaining ingredients EXCEPT the ¼ c. olive oil, paprika and parsley sprig. Blend until smooth. Scrape out onto serving dish. Sprinkle with paprika. Drizzle with ¼ c. olive oil, allowing some to pool around the edges. Garnish with sprig of parsley (or chopped) and serve with your favorite low-carb breadsticks or crackers. I personally love this stuff best when served with Tabouleh Salad and black or kalamata olives. The flavors are wonderful together!
NUTRITIONAL INFO: Makes about 2 cups or around five servings. Each serving contains:
196 calories
17.76 g fat
8.04 g carbs, 3.16 g fiber, 4.88 g NET CARBS
3.46 g protein
70% RDA vitamin C, 18% B6, 16% E, 20% copper, 16% iron, 18% manganese, 15% phosphorous, and 14% thiamin
Via Mike Krieger of Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
Tulsi Gabbard has continued to impress ever since they came on the national scene last year with their courageous and very public support for Bernie Sanders in the rigged Democratic primary.
Most recently, they continued to demonstrate their knowledge of geopolitics and willingness to stand up to America's unelected government, aka the Deep State, in a recent interview with CNN's Jake Taper.
Note, the clip is about a month old, but important to watch if you haven't.
If the Democrats have any hope of becoming a decent opposition party which not only resists the worst of Trump, but also rejects the perverted neoliberal/Deep State ideology currently embraced by establishment Dems, Tulsi Gabbard will have to play a key role.
As I highlighted in last February's post, It's Not Just the GOP – The Democratic Party is Also Imploding:
A rising star within the Democratic ranks, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii, cut themselves off from the party's establishment by resigning from their post as vice-chairperson of the Democratic National Committee and endorsing Bernie Sanders for president. Them position with the DNC required them to stay neutral in the primaries, but they said that “the stakes are too high.” They announced their decision on Sunday on NBC's “Meet the Press,” and made a video where they explained their reasoning. Gabbard, an Iraq war veteran, said they know the cost of war firsthand. “I know how important it is that our commander-in-chief has the sound judgment required to know when to use America's military power—and when not to use that power.”
The importance of this move cannot be understated. In no uncertain terms, this gesture publicly exposes the weakness of the “Clinton brand.” They clearly aren't afraid of Hillary or of any repercussions from the Democratic Party elite, a fact that is underscored by the fact they came out with their endorsement after they got pummeled in South Carolina.
But let's take a step back and think about this in the even bigger picture. You don't get to Congress by being a political imbecile. On the surface, this move looks like career suicide, particularly since Hillary is probably about to clinch the nomination. Recall, Rep. Gabbard didn't merely endorse Sanders after a bruising loss in South Carolina, they stepped down from their official position with the DNC to do so. This isn't merely a statement, it's the equivalent of dropping a neutron bomb on the Democratic establishment. So why did they do it?
While I think they genuinely agree with Sanders on key issues, the reason they came out so aggressively is because they see the writing on the wall. She's playing the long game, and in the long game, Hillary Clinton represents a discredited and failed status quo, while Bernie Sanders represents a push toward the paradigm level change that will define the future.
When it comes to the Democrats, we need to see a lot less Pelosi and Schumer, and a lot more Gabbard.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will hold a rally in Westfield next Tuesday.
The time for Trump's appearance has not been announced.
The appearance by Trump is likely to fuel speculation about Gov. Mike Pence being chosen as Trump's running mate. The two met over the Fourth of July weekend, but Pence said nothing was offered or accepted.
Meantime, Pence is sticking with their re-election bid even as they voice support for Trump at campaign stops.
Pence also called on fellow Republicans to united behind Trump says they will make the case for Trump at the national convention in Cleveland.
"Clearly we have a convention coming up and a very important deadline coming up which I will respect. I would refer you to them to make that decision," said Pence.
The convention gets underway July 18th. Watch for reports by WTHR's Kevin Rader from both the GOP and Democratic conventions.
Image caption Merlin operates six Legoland parks around the world
Merlin Entertainments, the UK company that owns Legoland, Madame Tussauds and Chessington World of Adventures, says it plans to issue shares to the public.
Merlin operates 99 attractions in 22 countries, and has 54 million visitors to its parks a year.
It says it is the second-largest company of its kind in the world after Walt Disney.
Its other well-known attractions include Alton Towers, Thorpe Park and Warwick Castle.
Discount
The business has a turnover of £1bn a year and is thought to be worth some £3bn.
The share offer, which will see 20% of the company pass to public investors, is accessible to smaller shareholders with a minimum investment stake of £1,000. Shareholders will also get a one-off 30% discount on certain entry passes for Merlin's theme parks.
The company, which was formed in 1999, says the number of visitors to its parks has grown by 11% a year since 2008.
The company's non-executive chairperson, Sir John Sunderland, said: "I have been impressed by the significant growth that Merlin has delivered as a private company.
"But there is more to come and I believe Merlin has a very promising future as a publicly listed company."
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The Latest on North Korea's missile launch (all times local):
9:35 a.m.
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga says the missile test-fired by North Korea flew 800 kilometers (500 miles) for about 30 minutes and landed in the Sea of Japan, but not inside Japan's exclusive economic zone.
They say there are no reports indicating there was any safety impact on aircraft and ship transport.
They say the missile was not flying toward Japan and that the country did not launch a safety alert system.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters Sunday that the launch, which is banned by the United Nations, is "absolutely unacceptable" and that Japan will respond resolutely.
They say officials are studying possible implications of the launch that came days after South Korea's new president took office and an international conference is being hosted by China.
Japan also lodged protest to North Korea over the missile launch through the Japanese Embassy in Beijing.
Dear Fellow Author who has the good fortune of working with a traditional, mainstream publishing company:
This week I read a review of your book or heard an interview with you on the radio, and I was so taken by it that I wanted to have your book immediately. I didn't even want to take the time to make a note of the title, go down to an independent bookseller and purchase it there (sorry, Independent Bookseller). I wanted it right now.
So I went to Amazon/Kobo/iBooks to make what is known as an “impulse purchase.” (When it comes to books, I do not apologize for being an impulse buyer.)
But then I discovered that in the electronic version, your book was $13.50 or maybe $15.00 or maybe even $19.95.
Now, I can see paying that amount for a paperback, but I am sure as hell not paying that much for an ebook. Because I know how much an ebook costs to make when the book is already available in print: it costs next to nothing. I know because I have created two novels in paperback (DV and Rita) that I have converted to ebooks, and in each case it cost me a ONE TIME PAYMENT of $79. One time. That's it. After that, I make at least 35% and sometimes 70% (depending on the distribution agreement) of the selling price on every single copy of each book I sell in e-version.
Your publisher wants to rip me off, and rip you off as well
Q: Why didn't I buy your book in e-version at $15 if I had paid that much or more for it in paperback?
A: Because I cannot stand to be swindled. And I cannot stand to participate in a scheme that rips YOU off as well, my fellow author. If you were being paid fairly from this widespread scam that sees ebooks being priced at over $10, you would be receiving at least 35% of the cost of that ebook in royalties or (depending on how the ebook is distributed, which is something you should know), even more than that.
Three times this week alone – with three different books by three different authors – my finger has paused over the “Buy It Now!” button, I've thought about the price, I have not clicked, and I have closed the screen. And the problem is that I will probably now never buy that book of yours. It's sad. I'm sad for you. You may have lots of other advantages over those who publish on their own, but for the reason of ebook sales alone, I'm glad it isn't me.
P.S. Joseph Boyden has edited a new anthology that focuses on the plight of first nations women. It is called Kwe: Standing with our Sisters, and it features contributions from Margaret Atwood, Michael Ondaatje, Gord Downie, and many others. It was published by Penguin/Random House and it is available as an ebook for $2.99. Now that‘s more like it.
(You are welcome to forward this message to your publisher.)
"
PLEASE READ THE RELEASE NOTES AND FAQS, NAMELY THE HOMEBREW BLOCKER PART TO FULLY UNDERSTAND HOW IT WORKS AND WHAT TO DO IF YOU HAVE ANY FUNCTIONALITY ISSUES.
"
As you can see in the previous tab , psnpatch was updated to 2017.02/B. A new homebrew blocker is included in the psnpatch plugin - in the plugin only. It is enabled by default. If you don't want to use it, go into:The homebrew blocker blocks homebrew execution when CFW Syscalls are disabled. Execution will be locked until the next reboot. The homebrew blocker runs in cobra, near-cobra (mamba) and non-cobra systems. This implementation is compatible with eventually future cobra updates for core homebrew blockers.The approach used is detailed in the homebrew_blocker module source code included in this pasnpatch distribution It was heavily tested, namely simulating crashes, forced reboots, recovery menu accesses, file system recovery and database rebuilds. Up to know is failsafe proof, but as usual there is no warrantyAs usual, every detail is in the first post of this thread And full DOCUMENTATION and FAQ is included in the distribution fileWin some time for yourself and everybody: read first ask nextOr as I prefer to say:
The former head of the Office of Special Counsel “wanted to ‘ship out'” all the agency's gay employees to Detroit, according to a government report released Wednesday.
Special Counsel Scott Bloch, who served under the Bush administration from 2003 to 2007, established a field office in Detroit and reassigned several gay employees to the new location. But there is no evidence that those reassignments “were taken for a legitimate business purpose of the agency,” according to the report released by Inspector General Patrick McFarland.
“Mr. Bloch and their immediate staff offered an array of ostensible explanations [for the reassignments] in press releases, Congressional testimony, and interviews with the investigative team, seeking to link the reassignments to the bona fide operational needs of the agency,” the report stated. “However, our investigation developed evidence which tended to undermine the proffered explanations.”
The report suggests the reassignments were instead based on anti-gay sentiments.
Richard Trefry, a government contractor, told investigators that Bloch “spontaneously explained” their desire to “ship out” a number of gay employees. Bloch allegedly told them they “had a license to do this.” Trefry said Bloch seemed to be “very determined” to carry out these intentions.
Trefry also claimed Bloch said they wanted to reassign “homosexuals and other employees who [he viewed as] morale problems” to the new location in Detroit.
Bloch told Legal Times the allegations were untrue. They described the report as “nothing new” and “a rehash of old unsubstantiated stories and muddled statements.”
The report also found that Bloch and their Catholic colleagues “appear to have associated their religious views with political convictions and some of their emails expressed negative perceptions of persons whose beliefs and actions did not conform to their religiously-derived standards.”
Bloch allegedly tried to recruit one employee into a religious group known as the Hillaire Belloc Society.
The Office of Personnel Management began investigating Bloch after several groups filed a complaint against them in 2005.
“The rights of federal workers should never be subject to the prejudices of political appointees,” Danielle Brian of the Project On Government Oversight said in a statement. “This was a case study of how bad things can get when an inappropriate person is given the responsibility of heading up a federal agency.”
All good things come to an end and Epochs is no exception. After a three year run we're going to enter dormancy. This is just a short note to tell you about where we were when we started, who we are now and where we see Epochs going from here.
Three years ago, living in eastern Finland and looking for something to do during the long winter nights, I began the site. The original reason, besides being an outlet to write about something I love (the history of Menswear) was a chance to learn how to code in HTML and CSS and build a website from the ground up. Three years later I'm living in London and working full time as a stylist (largely as a result of Epochs) and my coding abilities remain ...arbitrary.
While I'm happy to say menswear has become my profession, it's unfortunately something I find less and less time to write about. I often have ideas that don't quite fit the mold of Epochs, and it's with a pang of guilt that I realise even the modest goal of one article every two weeks is daunting. This has been compounded by no longer being in close proximity with my collaborators, my brother Patrick (now based in Vancouver) and good friend Andrew (still in Dublin). Without our weekly sessions bouncing around ideas and discussing the finer points of menswear, Epochs hasn't quite felt the same.
Patrick and Andrew stepped in after approximately a year of struggle on my own and did a superb job redesigning Epochs from scratch. They replaced my messy, laboured code and created a new design language for the site. They also steered the creation of three fantastic feature articles (you can read all three here) that brought hundreds of thousands of views and I believe constitute the best of our work together. Patrick even gave a comprehensive talk on our process in Vancouver at Type Brigade this year. Both continue to create thoughtful, beautiful and creative design and you can keep up with them at their respective websites and Twitter feeds (Andrew's twitter and website, Patrick's twitter and website).
Finally, I want to thank you effusively for engaging with our work, especially those of you who have been here since the start. We hope to return in the future in a different capacity, possibly in video or print (you can sign up for the newsletter to be the first to hear about this) but for the moment we'll be dormant, waiting for the next big thing. We hope you enjoyed our run.
P.S. If you're interested in my fashion musings, please follow the Epochs instagram which I'll continue using as an outlet.
—Luke
Not content with having their thugs beat up US citizens on US soil, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has now ordered Twitter to suppress the speech of another American citizen, American Enterprise Institute scholar Michael Rubin.
Rubin's been tweeting up an anti-Erdogan storm, and in Turkish, too. The famously thin-skinned strongman won't have it: He's had their (recently purged) courts order the social-media firm to shut down Rubin's feed, or else.
“Rubin's illogical accusations and insulting tweets are not only a reflection of their hatred and anger toward President Erdoğan but also against the Turkish Republic,” goes the despot's complaint.
Hmm. They could mean the one last month that translates in English: “To support Erdoğan is not to support Islam or Turkish dignity. Supporting Erdoğan means supporting corruption and Turkey's collapse.”
That cuts right at the autocrat's ego, and at their chief excuse for being above criticism.
Another Rubin tweet noted that the tyrannical Turk is using last year's coup attempt as an excuse to “purge society of political and ideological opponents.”
Both tweets are 100 percent accurate, but the Turkish courts slavishly agree that Rubin's truth-telling violates Erdoğan's personal rights.
Twitter so far hasn't bowed — realizing, presumably, that letting dictators censor its users would be toast for its business model. Just what repercussions Ankara has in mind for the company, only time will tell.
The strongman has already restricted Twitter in the past — when tweets about their corruption were trending in 2014, for example. That actually prompted Erdoğan to talk of an across-the-board shutdown of social media.
“We will wipe out all of these,” they said. “The international community can say this, can say that. I don't care at all. Everyone will see how powerful the Republic of Turkey is.”
Sadly, Erdoğan & Co. have met with some success in censoring critics in the West. Notably, German Chancellor Angela Merkel allowed the prosecution of a comic over a satirical video insulting Erdoğan in Germany, under an old law banning insults to foreign leaders.
Nor has the Turkish president yet paid a price for letting their bodyguards beat up US demonstrators in Washington, DC, last month.
“It's a test case for Twitter,” Rubin said, “because there are a lot of journalists in exile who have taken to Twitter. If Twitter were to cave to this, it would have a chilling effect on diaspora journalism, not just with regard to Turkey.”
In fact, it's a test case for all social media — because nothing's more anti-social than the diktats of tyrants like Turkey's.
It might be news to you, but wild sturgeon – the kind of fish we typically depend on to produce roe, ergo caviar – are one of the most endangered species on the planet. The International Union for Conservation of Nature says over eighty-five percent of sturgeon species are at risk of extinction. Sixteen variations of the fish, such as the well-recognised beluga, have reached critically low numbers. To give you some context, that's a status shared with the likes of the south China tiger and black rhino.
It's no coincidence that, as the demand for caviar increases, so does the number of environmentally-sound caviar farms. The low numbers of sturgeon account for why caviar is synonymous with extravagance – the fewer there are to produce roe, the more difficult it is to obtain.
Today some sturgeon are still unfortunately poached in the wild, but ever since the first caviar farms sprung up in the early 1990s there has been an alternative source. Today, all farms in Europe work to rigorous standards set out by the Convention of International Trade of Endangered Species (CITES), and there has been a worldwide ban on fishing sturgeon since 1998, to allow those in the wild to repopulate. If you were to buy a tin of caviar today – especially one produced in Britain or Europe – it would come from a sustainable caviar farm instead of a wild, endangered fish.
Killing the fish has traditionally been the means to harvest its roe, even though this isn't strictly necessary – sturgeon, like any fish, release their eggs naturally. So you can see why a family-run farm in north Yorkshire, KC Caviar, is challenging the status quo. Having recently been granted a ‘no-kill' license by the Alfred Wegener Institute – the first of its kind in the world – the farm is in the business of producing caviar without having to kill the fish beforehand.
The city's Community and Public Services Committee decided Monday it is in favour of providing $388,000 in emergency funding to keep the Edmonton Ski Club open this winter.
The ski hill asked the city for $1.3 million over the next five years. That funding request is still to be considered. The Edmonton Ski Club needs $388,000 of that amount to run the hill this winter.
READ MORE: Edmonton Ski Club needs $1.3M from city or could cease operating
Support on the committee level was unanimous. The five-year plan will be considered by all of city council during budget deliberations that start in November.
According to an executive summary that was submitted to the city, the funding is necessary so the club “does not cease to operate” while the city develops the master plan for Gallagher Park, which has forced it to slow down plans for expansion.
“We need city assistance to keep the doors open,” executive director Ken Saunders said.
They said this is the first time in the club's more than 100-year history that it is approaching city council for funding.
“To get to the point of redevelopment, we are in a holding pattern,” Saunders told 630 CHED on Monday. “We need the city's plan to be completed and from there sustainability is our absolute goal.”
READ MORE: Edmonton Ski Club sets sights on transforming the River Valley
The ski hill operates from November to March, sees between 15,000 and 32,000 skiers per season, and expects to see skier visits increase five to 10 per cent every year.
“Despite this growth, the facility is rapidly approaching the end of its usable life because upgrades are required,” the report reads.
Another holdup is the Valley Line LRT planning.
The Valley Line LRT is expected to run through the ski hill, which Saunders said will force it to relocate ski lifts and towers as well as reshape runs that will be shortened by the construction.
“The uncertainty of a construction timeline, the uncertainty of what the impact will be to the hill plays into the ultimate design of the master plan. With the limited capacity here, with the very aging infrastructure, we really have done all that we can do to be profitable,” Saunders said.
"We really want to see that gem maintained," @bevesslinger "I don't think Edm would be the same place with out this." @EdGibbonsWard4 #yeg https://t.co/gS2TlvDDVI — Scott Johnston (@Scott630CHED) September 26, 2016
Councillor Mike Nickel expressed some frustration with how slowly the process is moving.
“We can write them a cheque now but I want to provide them some certainty so they can chase some options so they can achieve sustainability,” they told 630 CHED. “We're holding back this asset that has such great potential. The lines are moving in the right direction. The last thing we want to do is slow them up. But of course, due process is always the devil in getting things moving.”
With files from Julia Wong, Global News and Scott Johnston, 630 CHED
LOS ANGELES — The lone bright spot Sunday night in Winnipeg was the play of Craig Anderson in relief against the Jets.
So, the Senators will stick with them Wednesday night against the Anaheim Ducks.
Nobody did anything to write home about in the club's 5-0 pounding from the Jets, but Anderson did make 27 stops and didn't give up any goals in the 27:10 of action they saw after taking over from Mike Condon in the second period, so Ottawa's top goalie has earned the right to go back into the net.
He, and the Senators, hope it was a step in the right direction.
“It was good for me to get back in there,” Anderson said following the club's skate in El Segundo. “It wasn't an ideal situation for me to get back in, but you make the most of your opportunities and, for me, I had the opportunity to go in there, work on my game and try to get better.
“I feel like when you go in there with the right mindset, you play your best. It's just a matter of now continuing with that mindset and trying not to be frustrated.”
This has been a difficult for stretch for the Senators and Anderson.
They haven't won a game since they were used in a relief role in the club's 4-3 victory over the Colorado Avalanche on Nov. 11 in Sweden. Since then, they have lost five straight, was pulled in Brooklyn in the club's 6-5 win Friday and did mop-up duty against the Jets when Boucher decided to pull Condon.
“He played very well,” Boucher said. “He looked solid. I think coming in and not thinking is probably, right now, what they need and they displayed that last game. That's the guy we know and I think it's just a matter of time before we see that on a consistent basis.
“We have all the confidence they will, just like all the other top goaltenders in the league this year on whatever team. Whenever they've had some tougher patches, and all of a sudden now they're back to their normal selves. What you saw last game that was him. Definitely, we not only hope, but we rely on that.
“Every team relies on their No. 1 goalie to be able to carry them and I know Andy can do it. Definitely we have all the hopes that they can give us a great game.”
CHANGES COMING?
Maybe Boucher was just trying out a different look with Mark Stone sidelined with an illness, but there were noticeable differences on defence.
The belief is Stone, a competitor, will be fine to play against the Ducks, but the possibility exists the Senators may play seven defencemen. If they don't, it will be very intriguing to see which player gets scratched.
Rookie defenceman Ben Harpur skated with captain Erik Karlsson while veteran Dion Phaneuf was with Thomas Chabot in the second pairing. The third trio was made up of Johnny Oduya with Fredrik Claesson which left Cody Ceci as the fill-in man during many of the drills.
Ceci was minus-2 in 18:02 of action Sunday.
“We'll have to see what's happening with Stone. We'll have to see if we have to call up someone. We could be going with seven defencemen but we could also be going with six,” Boucher said. “It's a bit about Stone right now.”
Boucher noted the look on defence “was not necessarily what we're going to have tomorrow.”
GETTING THERE
Karlsson is pointless in nine games, but Boucher noted he's working hard to get past their struggles.
“The thing I've found lately is their attitude is a lot calmer because they want to do well, they want the team to do well and he's putting a lot of pressure on their shoulders,” Boucher said. “That's normal. It's not just him. Whether it's Stone, Dion, the guys who are leading the group, or the Andy.
“They care, they deeply, deeply care and they got impatient a little bit. I thought Erik's attitude and work ethic has been in the right place the last two games. Even in the last game, Erik worked. In their case, there was no work ethic problem there. To me, I think he's calmed themselves down at not being frustrated. They know it's going to take time to get their game and that's just the reality with somebody who has lived with (the surgery) they had to live (with) in the summer.”
THE LAST WORDS
Winger Bobby Ryan noted the slash they took on the hand from Islanders blueliner Nick Leddy certainly didn't help their broken finger. “He got me good. It's a bit (of a setback) but you can't break it again, right?,” Ryan said. “It's already broken.” … This will be homecoming for forward Nate Thompson, who spent the past three seasons with the Ducks. He'll face Anaheim for the first time since signing with the Senators as a UFA on July 1. Ryan, traded to the Senators in 2013, noted the novelty of facing their former team has worn off. “I've moved on from here,” Ryan said. “We don't come back here during the summer, but it's always nice to go back into that building and see some old friends.” The first time Ryan came back, they had a whole cheering section at the practice rink the day before the game. That wasn't the case Tuesday. “There was only one or two today. I usually have a whole crowd. They were all out of town. I don't think they dislike me, they just didn't show up,” Ryan said with a laugh.
About 8,000 people die from cancer in Armenia every year, many spending their last days in excruciating pain.
But Armenia is taking an important step towards ending their suffering, and the government recently adopted a national strategy to introduce palliative care services, which focuses on treating pain and other physical symptoms, and provides psychosocial support for people with life-limiting illnesses. The strategy specifies reforms in policy, education, and medicines' availability, and designates the responsible state institutions.
Expand Gurgen G., who had a brain tumor, and their mother. Gurgen participated in a palliative care pilot project, which improved the quality of their remaining life. They died in August 2012, free from pain. © 2012 New Media Advocacy Project
In July 2015, Human Rights Watch released a report showing the impact of untreated pain and lack of support services on the lives of cancer patients in Armenia. I interviewed many people who were dying – in horrible pain. Among them was Lyudmila, a 61-year-old kindergarten teacher. Them words were deeply personal:
“The pain attacks start unexpectedly and I start screaming and become a different person. … When it starts I can't speak, I have pain attacks every night…. It's inhumane pain, unbearable pain for a human being…”
Them experience was not an exception.
When curative treatment is no longer effective, patients with advanced cancer in Armenia are simply sent home. Abandoned by the health care system at arguably the most vulnerable time of their lives, people with life-limiting illnesses face pain, fear, and anguish without professional support. The support they need is palliative care.
Morphine, the mainstay medication for treating severe pain, is inexpensive and easy to administer, but fewer than 3 percent of those who need morphine in Armenia get it. That's because the government has put in place nearly insurmountable bureaucratic barriers around the prescribing and dispensing of morphine.
Armenia Blocks Essential Drugs, Patients Die in Pain Thousands of patients with advanced cancer in Armenia suffer from avoidable, severe pain every year because they cannot get adequate pain medications.
The Armenian government has long recognized the need for palliative care, but regrettably it has taken officials over three years to develop and adopt the strategy and action plan.
The strategy recognizes the need to amend regulations restricting access to pain relief medications, and the government plans to review them in 2018. But thousands of cancer patients in Armenia have waited long enough.
Armenian authorities should urgently overhaul the regulations and promptly take the necessary steps to ensure that cancer patients can get the pain treatment they need – and to which they have the right.
A former Soviet counterintelligence officer-turned-lobbyist was also in the room with Donald Trump, Jr. when they met a Kremlin-linked attorney who promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton, according to NBC News and the Associated Press.
Rinat Akhmetshin, who is a TPM previously reported was part of a lobbying and PR effort around the adoption issue Trump Jr. initially said was the subject of the meeting, confirmed to the Associated Press that they were in the room. NBC News first reported Friday morning that there was a fifth person in the room, but in an odd move declined to name that person.
Akhmetshin downplayed the importance of their and Veselnitskaya's conversation with the Trump campaign. “They couldn't wait for the meeting to end,” Akhmetshin told the AP. The meeting was “not substantive” and their side of the talks “actually expected a more serious” conversation.
Then-campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law and now their senior advisor, also attended the meeting arranged by music publicist Rob Goldstone at Trump Jr.'s request. Goldstone told Trump Jr. that the information the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, supposedly had to offer was part of the Russian government's support for the Trump campaign.
Akhmetshin, a Russian émigré, says they have dual citizenship. They told Radio Free Europe in July of last year, “I am an American citizen since 2009 who pays taxes, earned their citizenship after living here since 1994, and swore an oath of loyalty to the United States of America,” protesting their characterization in a lawsuit that accused them of having worked for Russian intelligence. They would have had to declare such ties when they emigrated.
Akhmetshin was in the Russian army from 1986 to 1988, they told the AP, but they said that they had not done counterintelligence work. Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley (R-IA) has accused Akhmetshin of working for the Russian GRU security service.
A career lobbyist, Akhmetshin was reportedly working at the time of the Trump Tower meeting for Denis Katsyv, head of the real estate firm Prevezon group that was ensnared in a U.S. investigation of a vast alleged Russian money-laundering scandal that had damaged the reputation of both Katsyv and Russian President Vladimir Putin. That Veselnitskaya, Katsyv's attorney, was represented as an agent of the Russian government in Goldstone's emails with Trump Jr. suggests ties between Putin's interests and Katsyv's.
This post has been updated.
Donald Trump quoted a tweet on Saturday linking Hillary Clinton to the KKK.
Trump quoted a Diamond and Silk tweet from Thursday to attack Clinton. Diamond and Silk are stage names for two African-American video bloggers who support Trump.
"@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, they forgot how they said a KKK member was their mentor," Trump tweeted.
The KKK member that the tweet appears to be referring to is former West Virginia Sen. Robert Byrd. Byrd was a Ku Klux Klan member in the 1940s and later disavowed the KKK and repeatedly apologized for their involvement. In 2010, after Byrd's death, Clinton made a video in which they described them as their mentor.
Trump's decision to spotlight criticism of Clinton's ties to Byrd comes after Trump called them a "bigot" in the GOP nominee's attempt to reach African-American voters.
Amid efforts by the Clinton campaign to tie Trump to racists, Fox News Saturday re-aired footage from several months ago of a man who appears to be a white supremacist supporting Clinton.
There's been a lot of attention given recently to just how much Ontario's electricity policy failures and expansion of renewables are costing Ontarians. A recent Ontario auditor general's report concluded that Ontarians have paid $37 billion above market rates over the last eight years.
While much of the focus has been on how these costs impact the average consumer, businesses are also harmed by high electricity prices. In fact, Ontario's sky-high power prices put Ontario at a significant competitive disadvantage.
Comparing electricity rates between Ontario and competing manufacturing hubs in America's rust belt helps illustrate the problem.
A 2014 study estimated the prices (in Canadian cents) that small industrial consumers would pay for a kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity in 119 Canadian and American cities in 2013. American rust belt cities like Chicago, Cleveland, Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Pittsburg all had electricity prices under eight cents per kWh. By comparison, during the same period, electricity cost about 12 cents per kWh for small industrial consumers in Toronto. Clearly, having to pay 50 per cent more for electricity would place Toronto-based producers at a significant disadvantage. Consider that a small industrial customer can be expected to consume roughly 400,000 kWh a month. This means that a business this size would pay roughly $32,000 a month for electricity in the rust belt but $48,000 a month if they were located in Toronto. That's an extra $16,000 per month (or $192,000 per year) just for electricity.
Another study produced further evidence of how high power prices hurt businesses when it found that a 50 per cent increase in electricity prices would result in a 29 per cent reduction in the rate of return to capital for the manufacturing industry and 13 per cent reduction in the mining industry.
And the high electricity prices look like they are starting to take their toll. A recent survey of business owners found that 38 per cent expect to see their bottom lines shrink due to rising electricity prices, resulting in delays or cancellation of investment in the province.
Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne recently expressed concerns about the high electricity costs in Ontario, saying that they think Ontario needs to create “the conditions to be competitive.”
High electricity costs are also one of the issues hampering the development of the “Ring of Fire,” which is estimated to contain about $60 billion worth of minerals.
Sadly, the high electricity prices that are causing these problems for Ontario businesses were at least partly avoidable, as policy choices (and particularly the heavy subsidization of renewable energy through feed-in-tariffs) have been a major contributing factor to recent price increases.
The effects that high electricity costs have on the province's businesses and industries are one important reason why Ontario has not been “a place to prosper” in recent years.
The Moro people comprise the 13 Islamized ethnolinguistic groups of Mindanao, Sulu and Palawan. Along with the group known as Lumad in Mindanao, the Moros are an indigenous population that had been living on the islands long before the coming of Spanish colonialism.
Today, the Moro people are found all over the Philippines. However, they are dominant in the provinces of Maguindanao, Lanao del Sur, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi. They are also numerous in some municipalities of North Cotabato, Lanao del Norte, Davao del Sur, South Cotabato, Zamboanga del Sur, Zamboanga Sibugay and Palawan. Ethnically and geographically, the Moro people are distributed as follows: See table.
ADVERTISEMENT
Racially and culturally, the Moro people share a common origin with the majority of Filipinos. Linguistically, they belong to the Malayo-Polynesian group of languages.
Origin of the word
Etymologically, the word Moro was derived from the term “Moor,” itself originating from “Mauru,” a Latin word that referred to the inhabitants of the ancient Roman province of Mauritania in northwest Africa, which today comprises the modern states of Algeria, Mauritania and the Kingdom of Morocco.
With the rise of Islam, Mauritania became a Muslim province under the Umayyad Caliphate. Before long, Muslim armies conquered and then ruled much of the Iberian Peninsula from 711 to 1492, a total of 781 years.
For the Spaniards the term Moor did not necessarily have derogatory connotation. It was simply the Spanish name for anyone who was Muslim. In colonial Philippines, the Spanish rulers used the word “Moro” to refer to all inhabitants of Mindanao, Sulu and Palawan, believing that they all belonged to the Islamic faith.
Derogatory connotations
Spanish efforts to subjugate the Moro homeland resulted in the Spanish-Moro wars that began in 1565 and lasted for over 300 years. To gain the sympathy and support of Christianized native Filipinos, the Spaniards infused the term “Moro” with derogatory connotations, such as “pirates,” “traitors,” “juramentado,” “enslavers,” “cruel” and “uncivilized.”
Thus, until the emergence of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) in 1969, the people in Moroland refused to be called Moros. The MNLF, however, transformed the term into a byword of nationality and identity in Moroland.
Islam in Moroland
ADVERTISEMENT
Historians date the arrival of Islam on the islands to the latter part of the 13th century. Tuan Masha'ika set foot on the Sulu archipelago in 1280, where they got married and established the first Muslim community.
Tuan Masha'ika was later followed by Karim-ul-Makhdum, a religious missionary, around the middle of the 14th century. However, it was the coming of Rajah Baginda in the early 15th century that the political aspect of Islam was introduced in Sulu. In fact, it was their son-in-law, Abu Bakar, who established the Sulu Sultanate whose capital was Sulu.
Sharif Kabungsuan
Islam would be introduced to the rest of Mindanao with the coming of Sharif Awliya. Both oral and genealogical evidence reveal that they arrived on mainland Mindanao at around 1460. However, it was Sharif Kabungsuan who was responsible for the establishment of the first Islamic community, especially in the Cotabato region.
In fact, all those who claim to be heirs of the Sultanate of Maguindanao would always have a tarsila/salsilah (genealogy) showing that they are descendants of Sharif Kabungsuan.
Some authors claim that the Maranaos were Islamized via the Maguindanaons and Iranuns of the Illana Bay area. However, some oral traditions of the Maranaos also tell us that a certain Sharif Alawi was responsible for the spread of Islam to Lanao and Bukidnon via the northern coast of Mindanao.
One command, one God
Eventually, it is the Islamic faith that would distinguish the Moros from the other natives of the Philippine archipelago. Under the sultanates, the Moros were unified under one leadership, one command and one God. Islam served not only as a unifying thread for their political organization but also as the ideological foundation to effectively resist foreign intrusions.
The non-Islamic populations, on the other hand, were scattered in barangays that were independent from each other, thus offering only sporadic and disunited resistance against the Spanish invaders. Because of this, they would be easily conquered by the Spanish colonizers.
Spanish aggressors
The Moro people's struggle for self-determination began long before President Ferdinand Marcos declared martial law in 1972 and launched military operations against the MNLF-led Moro revolutionary forces.
The struggle started in 1565, when the Spanish colonial aggressors began to penetrate Moroland and made their presence felt. After Christianizing and colonizing the natives of the northern part of the Philippines, the Spaniards proceeded to the Moro homeland to suppress Islam and neutralize the economic and political activities of the Moro sultanates.
The Spanish rulers effectively utilized the classical “divide and rule” strategy and made use of the Christianized natives (called Indios) in their military expeditions against the Moro people. The latter, on the strength of their centralized sultanates, the Maranao Pengampong, their Islamic tenets and advanced economies, fought the Spaniards defensively and offensively for 330 years.
Longest anticolonial war
Some historians consider the Spanish-Moro War as one of the longest anticolonial war in the world. It also resulted in deeply rooted feelings of resentment and ill will between the “Filipinos” and the Moro people.
The success of Spanish colonization in the North also heightened the degree of estrangement and animosity that divided the Moro people and the majority Filipinos.
While the Moros could be deemed to have emerged victorious in the sense that they succeeded in preserving their freedom, faith and homeland, they were, however, severely battered. The final blow was to be delivered by US imperialism.
Struggle against US
The Moro people's efforts at reconstruction and recovery from the ravages of Spanish aggression were interrupted with the coming of American colonizers in 1898.
Compared with their Spanish predecessors, the Americans were more determined and more advanced—politically, technologically, economically and militarily.
Faced with this display of superior might and fresh vitality, the weary, flagging and worn out resistance of the Moro people gave way, but only after a decade of bloody fighting and heroic struggles.
Homestead, agri investments
The US colonial government systematized and regulated the whole process of land ownership, land registration, cadastral survey, homesteading and agricultural investments. Through class legislation and discriminatory processes, the ancestral lands and economic resources of the Moros and Lumad would gradually drift into the hands of Christian Filipino settlers and large US corporations.
More importantly, the Moros (and Lumad) would also lose their right to govern themselves according to their own systems as their territories were systematically incorporated into the bureaucracy of the Philippine colony.
Their once sovereign states in the form of the sultanates were reduced into mere provinces of the colonial government and later incorporated into the Philippine Republic.
It must be noted that during American imperial rule, various Moro leaders voiced out their desire for their homeland to be granted independence.
In 1934 and 1935 for instance, in the midst of Filipino-American negotiations for independence, Maranao leaders sent various petitions to Filipino and American authorities for a separate independence grant. As expected, these petitions were ignored.
Philippine ‘independence'
The granting of Philippine “independence” in 1946 did not improve the situation of the Moros. Rather, it worsened their economic, political and social conditions. The US imperialists, while relinquishing formal political rule to Christian Filipino (and some Moro elite) protégés, ensured that they remain the wielders of economic power.
Thus, the neocolonial government continued to protect and strengthen foreign economic interests. For instance, multinational corporations retained control and monopoly of the Bangsamoro economy particularly in the agri-export industries of pineapple, banana and rubber.
Migration program
In addition, in the 1950s and 1960s, the Philippine government promoted and intensified the migration program to Mindanao. This policy was encouraged in order to quell agrarian unrest in Luzon and the Visayas. During the Magsaysay administration, several resettlement programs like Narra, Lasedeco and Edcor gave way to massive migration from the northern and central parts of the Philippines to Moroland.
Self-determination
The Moro people's resentment over the loss of their sovereignty, ancestral lands and economic resources was expressed occasionally from 1914 to 1940 in minor moves. However, these would be transformed into major moves and systematic opposition beginning in the 1960s.
For instance, Rep. Ombra Amilbangsa in 1961 filed a bill in the House of Representatives seeking the political independence of Sulu. After the 1968 Jabidah massacre, Datu Udtog Matalam, former governor of the undivided Cotabato province, would organize the Muslim Independence Movement.
Nur Misuari
Still in response to the Jabidah massacre, Nur Misuari in 1969 would also organize the MNLF and started popularizing the term “Bangsamoro” as an identity distinct from “Filipino.”
By 1972, the MNLF would gain national and international prominence with a series of well-coordinated attacks against several detachments of the Armed Forces of the Philippines in Sulu, Cotabato and Lanao provinces. These attacks signaled the commencement of a full-scale war in the Bangsamoro homeland and the beginning of the armed struggle to assert the Moros' right to self-determination.
As originally seen by the MNLF, the right of the Moro people to self-determination can be fully expressed only through independence and the establishment of a Bangsamoro republic. However, under the Tripoli Agreement of Dec. 23, 1976, the MNLF reduced its demand to “genuine political autonomy” within the realm of sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Philippine republic.
This agreement between the Philippine government during the Marcos regime and the MNLF was forged under the auspices of the Organization of Islamic Conference. Peace, however, was hard to come by despite the conclusion of a final peace agreement in 1996 between the government during the Ramos administration and the MNLF.
Salamat Hashim
The Tripoli Agreement led to the breakup of the MNLF as a large faction led by Sheik Salamat Hashim dissociated from the group of Misuari in 1977. The new faction opposed Misuari's acceptance of autonomy instead of continuing the struggle for independence.
The group would later be known as the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), the leadership of which came mostly from religious scholars. The MILF's pronounced objective was Bangsamoro independence.
The struggle for Moro self-determination was back on the agenda.
(Jamail A. Kamlian, Ph.D., author of the book “Bangsamoro Society and Culture,” is a history professor at Mindanao State University-Iligan Institute of Technology.)
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Hours after the Supreme Court announced it would again hear a challenge to mandatory union fees for public sector workers -- a case that could ultimately decimate organized labor -- Justice Neil Gorsuch traveled to Trump Hotel to speak to a conservative group funded by the same big money donors looking to diminish unions.
Gorsuch's Thursday stop was part of what looks to be a thank-you tour of various conservative groups who helped hold up President Barack Obama's high court nominee, Merrick Garland, to make way for Gorsuch's controversial nomination. They were introduced at the Trump Hotel event by a member of Trump's administration, Bureau of Legislative Affairs staffer Mary Elizabeth Taylor. Politico described Taylor as “a so-called sherpa for Gorsuch on Capitol Hill during the confirmation process,” noting that “Gorsuch warmly embraced them as they took the stage.”
Advertisement:
Setting aside the glaring conflict of interest in Gorsuch helping to enrich a Trump property just as several cases charging that the president is violating the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution are making their way through the judicial system, the group they addressed is funded by the same people funding the effort to dismantle unions that Gorsuch and their fellow justices agreed to take up.
As New York Times labor reporter Noam Scheiber noted, the Fund For American Studies' is partially supported by the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, a tax-exempt, non-profit foundation that is pouring money into the national anti-union movement.
The longtime bane of organized labor, 28 states now have “right to work” laws that forbid requiring workers to join or support a union as a condition of employment. By law, however, unions are required to represent all employees. The Supreme Court has said that such laws are constitutional. The Court has also ruled that unions can require nonmembers to help pay for the union's collective bargaining efforts to prevent freeloading.
But in the latest in a series of efforts by conservative anti-union groups to overturn a 1977 Supreme Court decision extending the right to collect “fair share” fees to nonmember employees of state and local government unions, Janus v. American Federation allows the newly minted conservative majority to finally strike what could be a deathblow to public sector unions.
A little over a month after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, the Supreme Court justices deadlocked 4-4 in a similar case. A 2014 5-4 ruling with Scalia in the majority restricted these fair share obligations to full-time government employees. Now with Gorsuch installed in Scalia's seat, the Supreme Court appears poised to turn every state into a partial “right-to-work” state with one decision.
Unions would lose a substantial source of revenue if the Court overturns its 1977 decision. Union membership in the U.S. declined to just 10.7 percent of the workforce last year, as private-sector unions continued their drastic decline since 2007's recession.
Advertisement:
Since Republicans swept statehouses across the country during the 2010 midterm elections, conservatives have banned the collection of agency fees in manufacturing states like Michigan, Ohio and Indiana. After Michigan's Republican governor signed such a law in 2012, union membership in the state dropped seven percent, according to the Economic Policy Institute. Union membership in Wisconsin has dropped nearly 40 percent in the five years since Gov. Scott Walker became a right-wing darling by going to war with public-sector unions.
This conservative push hasn't just been in accordance with economic orthodoxy, it's a political power move. As Newt Gingrich once put it, if you dismantle unions, you destroy the Democratic Party's "army on the ground."
The Democratic party's infrastructure has relied heavily on public union support for decades. About half of all union members now work for federal, state and local governments. Scalia's death last year gave public-sector labor unions a big break. Gorsuch now appears to be itching to deliver the deathblow.
Core i5-8600K 3.6 GHz 6-Core LGA 1151 Processor is rated 4.9 out of 5 by 15 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Fantastic Processor For The Money This is an excellent CPU for a powerful build on a budget.? The performance is top notch and its overclocking capabilities are outstanding.? I matched it to an ASRock Z370 PRo4 with 16 GB GSkill Tridentz DDR4 RAM and a Samsung 850 Pro 1 TB SSD for a no frills system and I'm happy to say it not only met, but far exceeded all of my expectations.? I have it running perfectly stable at over 4.5 GHz just barely pushing 60 C under torture test with a Cooler Master MasterLiquid Lite 120 CPU cooler.? I have nothing negative to say about this processor other than perhaps they are at a premium and hard to find in stock as of late November '17.? It is simply superb.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from So far no issues, although i am easy to please Great CPU so far, easy installation as expected and fully compatible with the z370's. I got it mainly to future proof, as for now i am not noticing a whole lot of difference between this and my overclocked 2500k. But i know in the near future my 2500k wouldn't be able to hold up, especially when i add a stronger GPU than this gtx 1060. I highly recommend this CPU, either this one or the one below it. Sweet spot for gamers, and able to handle many tasks at once.
Rated 5 out of 5 by E R from Love it. Paired with a 1060 6GB and it runs everything I've tossed at it at default clock speed. Not really into overclocking so I don't have an opinion on that.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Israel from Muito bom para a nova gera??o Utilizo na minha 370 e nao sinto falta de uma i7
Rated 5 out of 5 by AG from It's the new Celeron 300A overclock champ. I'm rock solid @ 4.8 Ghz 6 cores , stock voltage, and an out of box auto tune. On big air, @ 6,000' elevation (15% less cooling). 5.2 Ghz 4 cores. Temps are fine, I figure I can get a few hundred Mhz more with some voltage and hand tuning. The envelop the chip's box shipped in resulted in it being smashed. The chip inside was fine despite the box being 1/2 the height it should have been. B&H can do better.
Rated 5 out of 5 by googie from Preforms excellent so far I really don't know anything about computers. I just know that this is the most recent and that is why i got it to hopefully future-proof my build for several years because I don't want to have to spend to update an older processor in a couple years.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Peter from No Sure if this Intel or somehow I missed the descriptions Just plain old CPU, and nothing else (i.e. no standard stock heat sink and fan that always comes with the box), it would cost another $100 for cooling.
CARSON, Calif. – Maybe Robbie Rogers was always meant to be a left back.
The veteran winger had never played on the backline, not really, until LA Galaxy coach Bruce Arena gave them a look on the left four months ago. It seems pretty clear now, after some 14 appearances, that he's where he's supposed to be.
Rogers, 27, has been a revelation at left back, exhibiting hugely underrated defensive acumen while surging forward into the attack with greater success than when they were playing one spot father up the field.
Their play there is one of the reasons the Galaxy, who are home Sunday against the New York Red Bulls (8:30 pm ET; ESPN2), are 13-2-6 in their last 21 games and have climbed even on points with Western Conference/Supporters' Shield leader Seattle with just five games to play.
“For me, he's been brilliant since they converted to left back,” LA captain Robbie Keane said after Rogers' finest performance this season, in last weekend's victory over FC Dallas. “He's a player who has grown in stature in that position. If you're looking at the best left backs in the league, certainly he's up there. There's no question about that.
“I'm sure if Mr. [Jurgen] Klinsmann was a very, very good manager and watching the games, there's no question [Rogers] should certainly be in the [US national team] squads. I don't know when the next game is, but they certainly should be looked at because he's been brilliant. That's how much he's been on, if I'm touting that they should be in the national team.”
Rogers, who in 2009-11 made 18 international appearances, six of them for Klinsmann, and was on the 30-man preliminary roster before the 2010 World Cup, said they haven't heard a word from the US coach but that they don't “think about that stuff” and that “there's still a lot of seasons left, and I need to keep proving myself.”
The Yanks' next game is Oct. 10 against Ecuador in East Hartford, Conn., Landon Donovan's farewell game.
Rogers played a little on the backline during the Beijing Olympics, stepping back to left back after Michael Orozco Fiscal was red carded early in the group finale against Nigeria. They also played there in training under former US national team coach Bob Bradley, but Arena started grooming them in May as LA struggled with veteran Todd Dunivant sidelined with an abdominal injury.
Get the latest LA news at LAGalaxy.com
Rogers played a little on the right in a June 1 draw with Chicago, then got their first time on the left a week later, going the distance in a tie with Chivas USA. He's made another 13 appearances at left back since, impressing all the while.
“This is definitely Robbie's best position,” Keane said. “He's got so much energy and so much quality, they can get back, they can defend, he's very hard to beat, but when they get into the attacking half, they can cross the ball. I think he's really found theirs home.”
Arena agrees. They say Rogers “looks like a left back.”
“The thing about Robbie in that position,” Arena said, “is he's an excellent defender, which is the No. 1 box you need to check if you're going to play as a defender, and they do that exceptionally well. The other stuff going forward is just icing on the cake.”
Rogers said he's “happy I've been able to find a position that has helped this team and be able to contribute and find some success at it,” but he's still learning the nuances of the position.
“It's good to have someone like Todd and the other guys to help me with that,” they said. “[I need to work on] staying with the line, forcing attackers a certain way, making sure I track my runners. There are so many different things.
“… It's definitely the best place for me. I've really enjoyed myself, and I have a lot to learn, but I think it's come to me pretty naturally.”
As we slowly fade into the heart of summer, us basketball fans can't help but feel a sense of emptiness. With the NBA season finished, it's time to reflect. Yesterday we brought you a video gallery of the year's best buzzer-beaters, and today we salute all the high-flyers. In a league played above the rim, these 50 dunks stood out to us as the most extraordinary, gravity-defying dunks of the past nine months. It wasn't easy to narrow a seemingly infinite selection to only 50, but we think we've done a pretty decent job. If you disagree with some of the rankings (which you will), feel free to stop by the comments section… Enjoy these clips, because it'll be a while until next season, with or without a lockout.
[sg-gallery]
Posted: November 29, 2013 by Adam Kujawa
Last updated: March 31, 2016
Potentially Unwanted Programs or PUPs as we like to call them, are things like Toolbars, Search Agents, etc. Unnecessary junk for your desktop that usually involves monitoring your surfing/shopping habits and slowing down your system with their sub-par software that ends up hurting you much more than helping.
A recent and unfortunate discovery by some of our users revealed that some of these programs do more than just cover your desktop in ads, they also steal your systems resources for mining purposes.
I have written two blog posts in the recent past about Bitcoin Mining as well as the various types of cybercrime getting involved in the Bitcoin hype, either by installing miners to crunch numbers on an infected users system or otherwise stealing Bitcoins directly from online Bitcoin wallet services.
This time, however, we are taking a look at a PUP that installs a Bitcoin miner on the user system, not just for a quick buck but actually written into the software's EULA.
This type of system hijacking is just another way for advertising based software to exploit a user into getting even more cash.
On Nov 22, we received a request for assistance from one of our users about a file that was taking up 50 percent of the system resources on their system. After trying to remove it by deleting it, they found that it kept coming back, the filename was “jh1d.exe”.
We did some research and found out that the file in question was a Protoshare Miner (similar to a Bitcoin Miner that uses CPU Memory rather than GPU) known as “jhProtominer”, a popular mining software that runs via the command line.
However, it wasn't the miner recreating its own file and executing but a parent process known as “monitor.exe.” Monitor.exe was created by a company known as Mutual Public, which is also known as We Build Toolbars, LLC or WBT.
We were able to find out the connection between WBT and Mutual Public thanks to an entry in the Sarasota Business Observer.
Another product belonging to Mutual Public is known as Your Free Proxy.
The website for YourFreeProxy is also owned by WBT LLC, according to a lookup of their domain name.
Your Free Proxy uses the Mutual Public Installer (monitor.exe), obtaining it from an Amazon cloud server.
We checked out this cloud server and found monitor.exe but also some additional interesting files, notably multiple types of “silent” installers and a folder called “coin-miner.”
Monitor.exe beacons out constantly, waiting for commands from a remote server, eventually downloading the miner and installing it on the system.
So now that we have proof that a PUP is installing miners on users systems, do they do it without ever letting the user know? Well not exactly, their EULA specifically covers a section on Computer Calculations: COMPUTER CALCULATIONS, SECURITY: as part of downloading a Mutual Public, your computer may do mathematical calculations for our affiliated networks to confirm transactions and increase security. Any rewards or fees collected by WBT or our affiliates are the sole property of WBT and our affiliates.
Their explanation is basically the purpose of Bitcoin Miners and that they will install this software on the system, run it, use up your system resources and finally keep all rewards from the effort YOUR system puts in.
Talk about sneaky.
In my opinion, PUPs have gone to a new low with the inclusion of this type of scheme, they already collected information on your browsing and purchasing habits with search toolbars and redirectors.
They assault users with pop-up ads and unnecessary software to make a buck from their affiliates. Now they are just putting the nails in the coffin by stealing resources and driving user systems to the grave.
Though are Bitcoin Miners bad? Are they always used by malicious ne'er do wells? No way! When used legitimately by willing participants, they help the Bitcoin network run more efficiently and make some extra cash for those willing to put in the effort.
The unfortunate side is that while anyone can run a miner, anyone can also force a miner to run on a system, even if it isn't their own.
So take note if your system is running especially slow or if a process is taking up massive amounts of your processing power; it might be malware or even a PUP running a miner on your system.
We at Malwarebytes are putting our foot down and detecting these threats as what they are, giving our users the option to remove them and never look back. A special thanks to Rich Matteo, Dave Nelson, Steven Burn, VictorValiant and Hammerhode for bringing to attention this threat and the efforts made to put an end to it.
UPDATE: Dec 02,2013: Looks like an Independent Security Researcher, Ashkan Soltani, wrote about a similar incident on 25 Nov, concerning the gaming company E-Sports, where the state of New Jersey sued the company for installing BTC miners on users systems. Looks like everyone is getting Bitcoin fever =/.
——————————————————————————————————–
Follow Adam Kujawa and all of their zany opinions on Twitter @Kujman5000
HMD Global, the Finnish company that licensed the rights to produce Nokia phones, is now rekindling an old partnership with Zeiss camera lenses. Nokia-built phones used Carl Zeiss optics for years, heralding it as a selling point for the popular N95 smartphone a decade ago. HMD is now bringing back the Zeiss branding on Nokia-branded phones in a move designed to position its devices with yet another logo and push the idea of a superior camera on consumers.
While the partnership has been revived today, HMD isn't committing to a timeframe for new phones with Zeiss lenses. HMD has already unveiled a trio of Nokia-branded Android smartphones, but none of them feature Zeiss optics. HMD's existing devices are all unremarkable mid-range Android phones, but the company has promised a premium handset for the future.
It's clear that any future premium handset will include Zeiss optics, but that doesn't necessarily mean it will be a superior camera from what's already on the market. While Zeiss has featured on many Nokia devices, including its famous 808 and PureView handsets, it's Nokia's own image sampling technologies that gave it an advantage over the competition rather than the lenses alone.
Any new Nokia-branded premium phones won't be made by the same engineers that pioneered PureView. Apple hired Nokia's Lumia photography expert, and the majority of the talent behind Nokia's camera work left the company when Microsoft acquired Nokia's phone business. HMD will have to prove that its premium handset with Zeiss optics isn't just an average Android phone with a couple of respected stickers on it.
A freshly introduced update for Windows 10 has apparently been causing havoc with some users' machines, invoking the dreaded blue screen of death (BSOD), and in some cases triggering the even-more-dreaded boot loop (i.e. repeated rebooting).
The problem lies with update KB4041676 for Windows 10 (Creators Update), and is described in this post on Microsoft's ‘answers' community message board, where the original poster says: “My computer keeps restarting because Windows update won't install KB4041676.”
A further post (from SCCMGuy74) describes the problem with multiple systems: “ALL of the systems running 1703 blue screen upon reboot AFTER applying this patch (KB4041676). The message that comes up is INACCESSIBLE BOOT DEVICE. After that, it reboots automatically, attempts to boot again, and then displays the ‘Automatic Repair' screen. None of these systems make it past this message.”
Now, this is where it gets thorny, because the Microsoft moderator on the post notes that this is caused by a ‘dual patching disaster' in enterprise environments. In other words, it's not the fault of the update itself, but the fact that users have been led to install “both the delta update and the cumulative update which shouldn't have been pushed to WSUS [Windows Server Update Services] last night”.
Black Friday bargains might include cheap deals on Windows 10
Home free?
So, your average home user simply downloading updates from Windows Update shouldn't be affected by this issue – and yet there are reports on that same thread from such users who claim they have been hit by the problem.
NicDG observes: “I had this issue on my home PC. After Automatic Repair failed, I rebooted and hit F8 to get the boot options menu and booted into safe mode. Windows started to load, then crashed. Rinse and repeat (once, maybe twice). Windows booted properly into safe mode, restarted, finished installing updates, restarted at least once and loaded Windows normally.”
To throw a little more confusion into the pot, Microsoft has highlighted the following known issue with the KB4041676 update: “Systems with support enabled for USB Type-C Connector System Software Interface (UCSI) may experience a blue screen or stop responding with a black screen when a system shutdown is initiated.”
Although user NicDG notes that their PC doesn't have USB Type-C on board. At any rate, Microsoft has said it's working on a fix for the USB-C issue, which will be provided in a future update. The workaround for now is to “disable UCSI in the computer system's BIOS”, although that will fully disable UCSI features across Windows, of course.
While there may not be much of an issue here for the majority of home users, if indeed any, the more cautious out there might want to give this particular update a little breathing room.
This sort of potential problems, of course, are one reason why updates being piped directly and automatically to a Windows 10 PC can be a cause of frustration. Certainly, when it comes to the major updates, we're never keen to be an early adopter, preferring the strategy of waiting to see what issues crop up (if any) before we take the plunge.
Via: PC Gamer
CLOSE Here's what Michigan voters will decide on in the Nov. 7 general election. Wochit
Buy Photo The Spirit of Detroit outside the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center on Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017 in downtown Detroit. (Photo: Elaine Cromie, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
On Nov. 7, Detroit voters will decide who will serve on Detroit City Council. They'll choose two at-large members and one council member for each of the city's seven districts to serve four-year terms. Here are the Free Press Editorial Board's endorsements in those races.
AT LARGE
(Voters choose two)
Brenda Jones (Photo: Courtesy of Brenda Jones)
Voters should elect Detroit City Council President BRENDA JONES to another term as one of Detroit's two at-large council members. Jones has proved capable of building coalitions on a council that's been fractious in previous terms. She's worked with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan, but has shown willing to scrutinize the mayor's agenda.
JANEÉ AYERS should win re-election as Detroit's other at-large council member. Ayers was appointed in 2014 to fill the seat of departing Detroit City Council member Saunteel Jenkins, and won the seat in a special election last year. Ayers has been a thoughtful and collegial council member, but we hope Ayers will use this term to become a sharper critic of the status quo.
Janee' Ayers (Photo: Janee' Ayers)
Voter Guide: Learn about the candidates in the Nov. 7 Detroit election
Endorsement: Garlin Gilchrist for Detroit City Clerk
Nancy Kaffer: Save us, skyTran: Detroit's mayoral debate did not soar
District 1
James Tate (Photo: Courtesy James Tate)
Detroiters should return JAMES TATE to the District 1 council seat. Tate is active in their district, visiting neighborhood groups and forums, convening leaders and residents in their district and highlighting and supporting small businesses. Tate has been the force behind quality-of-life ordinances like the one regulating marijuana dispensaries within city limits, a gap left when the state legalized medical marijuana. Tate understands both the nitty-gritty of policy and the big picture wins policy should drive, and they will continue to serve District 1 well.
District 2
Roy McCalister, Jr. (Photo: Courtesy Roy McCalister, Jr.)
Voters in Detroit's August primary wisely chose to place candidate Roy McCalister Jr. on the November ballot. Now, District 2 should seal the deal by electing McCalister to a seat on the Detroit City Council. McCalister is a former Detroit police commander and an Iraq war veteran, whose institutional knowledge and commitment to neighborhood services will benefit their constituents. ROY McCALISTER JR. is the right choice for the District 2 seat.
District 3
SCOTT BENSON is the right choice for the District 3 seat on the Detroit City Council. Benson is smart and capable. Their educational and professional background are exactly what you'd want in a council member. They have a deep and nuanced understanding of policy, and he's taken the lead on hugely important subjects like environmental sustainability.
Detroit City Councilman Scott Benson. (Photo: Supplied photo)
This newspaper enthusiastically endorsed Benson in 2013, their first run for office. But Benson's personal troubles – shortly after taking office, they served seven days in jail for driving under the influence – are concerning, the kind of behavior that opens the door to outsiders eager to mock Detroit and Detroiters. But Benson says he's been sober for 40 months, becoming the kind of council member their constituents deserve. We take them at their word, and will hold them to their pledge.
In this race, he's the clear choice and should win a second term.
District 4
For District 4, ANDRÉ SPIVEY is the right choice. Over two terms, Spivey has been a thoughtful voice on council, and deserves election to a third. An ordinance proposed by Spivey to require cameras at gas stations was the precursor to anti-crime initiative to Project Greenlight, a successful Detroit Police Department initiative. Their latest is an ordinance that would require landlords to register with the city, a requirement that would make real strides toward improving quality of life for Detroiters.
Andre Spivey (Photo: Courtesy of Andre Spivey)
In a Detroit Free Press candidate forum, Spivey said they don't believe in the “two Detroits” narrative – the take that development in Midtown and downtown has left the city's largely black neighborhoods behind. Spivey's rejection of the two-Detroits trope seems centered on a message of unity – that prosperity will move the city forward, together. It's a noble notion, but one that belies the reality of Detroit's spotty success. Spivey should be careful to recognize the real challenges many of their constituents face.
District 5
Mary Sheffield (Photo: Mary Sheffield)
Detroiters should re-elect MARY SHEFFIELD to a second term on the Detroit City Council. Sheffield has ably represented their diverse district, and has developed a focus on constituent services that well behooves a council member. A noteworthy effort by Sheffield is an ordinance that would require new developments to include affordable housing. Sheffield's district includes portions of Detroit that are growing rapidly, where rents and property values are soaring. Taking steps to ensure that Detroit remains accessible to Detroiters is important work.
District 6
Raquel Castañeda-López (Photo: Courtesy Raquel Castañeda-López)
Among the current crop of council members, many of whom first won elective office in 2013, RAQUEL CASTAÑEDA-LÓPEZ is a stand-out, and Detroiters in District 6 should re-elect them to a second term. Castañeda-Lõpez represents a district that sprawls from booming downtown to southwest Detroit, where pollution and poverty are high. They have cast a principled vote against public funding for the Pistons move to the new Little Caesars Arena, a development that failed to meet promised targets for hiring Detroiters.
District 7
GABE LELAND is the strongest candidate in the District 7 race, and voters should elect them to a second term in office. But Leland will enter their second term with an incredibly high bar to meet. Earlier this summer, Fox 2 Detroit reported that Leland had cast yes-votes on contracts the Detroit City Council awarded to the family of their girlfriend at the time, Jennifer Fiore, daughter of towing magnate Gaspar Fiore and an executive in the company's firms. While there is no suggestion that the Fiores influenced Leland's vote, it's a clear ethical lapse and one Leland must not repeat. Since then, Fiore was indicted by the federal government for allegedly bribing officials in connection with garbage contracts in Macomb County; the City of Detroit has also accused Fiore of tax malfeasance. To participate in decision-making around such contracts is both an abdication of the proper priorities of a council member, and opens Detroit to criticism from outsiders eager to paint the city in a negative light. Leland must do better.
Gabe Leland (Photo: Courtesy of Gable Leland)
Leland has advocated for blight removal in District 7, and supports the creation of affordability-based water service fees, the kind of thinking required to ensure that impoverished residents retain access to necessary infrastructure in a city with an aggressive shutoff policy. Leland should continue their advocacy for Detroiters most in need, and recuse themselves from any votes connected to their personal relationships.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2zKYh81
This post is to give you an idea of what is and is not included in the Fall of Oriath beta, as well as known issues or things we expect to add (or not add) in the future. These are not patch notes, nor will there be full 3.0.0 patch notes for the beta. Expect them close to the release of 3.0.0.
What is in the Beta?
The beta will contain all existing game content as well as acts 5, 6, and 7 from tomorrow. It will not contain act 8 initially. We plan to add act 8 within a couple of weeks.
Visual improvements to earlier act content (such as the new water effects) will be available and visible from day one.
The Pantheon feature will be included from the beginning, however it is only available in Acts 6 through 10, as it is tied to story content in these acts. As a result, only parts of the Pantheon will be available for use during the beta. We are including the Pantheon upgrading mechanic in the beta, but this will only work with the Pantheon powers from acts 6 and 7 initially. When we add access to act 8, we will also be adding access to the parts of the Pantheon that are unlocked during act 8, as well as the upgradable features for those parts.
Balance changes, including changes to Energy Shield, 'double-dipping', the Ascendant, the passive skill tree and others will be available throughout the beta. Some of these features may fluctuate as we monitor our changes and make further adjustments.
Item changes, including changes to unique items, base-types, implicits, and new rare mods, will be available during the beta. Like anything else in the beta, these may fluctuate.
The restructured Labyrinth access method and associated trials will be included for the Cruel Labyrinth on day one. Access to the Merciless Labyrinth will be added alongside Act 8.
The new minimap will be included as well.
The Act 2 bandit rewards have been restructured to better fit a single difficulty.
What is Not in the Beta?
Act 8 will not be available on day one, but will be added to the beta before we launch The Fall of Oriath.
Acts 9 and 10 will not be available in the beta, so neither will be any game features (such as parts of the Pantheon) that are tied to story progression within acts 9 and 10.
We are not including any new unique items in the beta. We want to keep the focus of the beta on existing systems, broad balance changes, act content, and the Pantheon.
We are not initially adding new support or skill gems to the beta, though they may be added later.
The new Microtransaction system will not be active on day one of the beta. You will not have access to any of the Microtransactions you have purchased on your Path of Exile account in the beta initially. We expect to be able to add the new Microtransaction system and access to purchased Microtransactions during the beta, once we have resolved the issues we encountered deploying 2.6.1.
Known Issues:
The act 7 mid-act boss fight will only have one variant initially. There will ultimately be 4 variants, based on your choices during the Bandit quest in act 2.
Some NPCs, bosses, and player characters may be missing dialogue audio.
Some enemies, including bosses, are using temporary sound effects or are missing certain sound effects altogether.
Boss and monster balance is still in flux.
The corrupted side areas in act 5 are using a temporary boss for all variations. Each variant will have its own boss by launch.
Changes related to the removal of 'double-dipping' may have bugs or irregularities. Be sure to let us know if you believe you have found some.
Some aesthetic elements, such as monster skill effects, animations, or models, are temporary or are works in progress.
Some new areas don't have the layout diversity that they will have by launch.
Please keep in mind that the beta is a work in progress. We want to hear your feedback for everything, even for features with known issues! Have fun! We are less than a day away from the start of the Path of Exile: Fall of Oriath beta. As mentioned in yesterday's news post , we are not providing any patch notes for the beta. This is in part because things are being actively developed, and in part because things will change based on your feedback, likely invalidating many patch notes very quickly. We also haven't had time to write up the full patch notes, as that takes a few weeks.This post is to give you an idea of what is and is not included in the Fall of Oriath beta, as well as known issues or things we expect to add (or not add) in the future.The beta will contain all existing game content as well as acts 5, 6, and 7 from tomorrow. It will not contain act 8 initially. We plan to add act 8 within a couple of weeks.Visual improvements to earlier act content (such as the new water effects) will be available and visible from day one.The Pantheon feature will be included from the beginning, however it is only available in Acts 6 through 10, as it is tied to story content in these acts. As a result, only parts of the Pantheon will be available for use during the beta. We are including the Pantheon upgrading mechanic in the beta, but this will only work with the Pantheon powers from acts 6 and 7 initially. When we add access to act 8, we will also be adding access to the parts of the Pantheon that are unlocked during act 8, as well as the upgradable features for those parts.Balance changes, including changes to Energy Shield, 'double-dipping', the Ascendant, the passive skill tree and others will be available throughout the beta. Some of these features may fluctuate as we monitor our changes and make further adjustments.Item changes, including changes to unique items, base-types, implicits, and new rare mods, will be available during the beta. Like anything else in the beta, these may fluctuate.The restructured Labyrinth access method and associated trials will be included for the Cruel Labyrinth on day one. Access to the Merciless Labyrinth will be added alongside Act 8.The new minimap will be included as well.The Act 2 bandit rewards have been restructured to better fit a single difficulty.Act 8 will not be available on day one, but will be added to the beta before we launch The Fall of Oriath.Acts 9 and 10 will not be available in the beta, so neither will be any game features (such as parts of the Pantheon) that are tied to story progression within acts 9 and 10.We are not including any new unique items in the beta. We want to keep the focus of the beta on existing systems, broad balance changes, act content, and the Pantheon.We are not initially adding new support or skill gems to the beta, though they may be added later.The new Microtransaction system will not be active on day one of the beta. You will not have access to any of the Microtransactions you have purchased on your Path of Exile account in the beta initially. We expect to be able to add the new Microtransaction system and access to purchased Microtransactions during the beta, once we have resolved the issues we encountered deploying 2.6.1.The act 7 mid-act boss fight will only have one variant initially. There will ultimately be 4 variants, based on your choices during the Bandit quest in act 2.Some NPCs, bosses, and player characters may be missing dialogue audio.Some enemies, including bosses, are using temporary sound effects or are missing certain sound effects altogether.Boss and monster balance is still in flux.The corrupted side areas in act 5 are using a temporary boss for all variations. Each variant will have its own boss by launch.Changes related to the removal of 'double-dipping' may have bugs or irregularities. Be sure to let us know if you believe you have found some.Some aesthetic elements, such as monster skill effects, animations, or models, are temporary or are works in progress.Some new areas don't have the layout diversity that they will have by launch. Last edited by Bex_GGG on Jun 7, 2017, 5:25:06 AM Last bumped on Aug 11, 2017, 11:33:33 PM
85 million moms in the U.S., but is there a mom in your life who is truly #1?
Yourkidvid, the professional video editing service for you and the little ones you love, is holding a contest to find America's #1 mom. Simply state why you think your mom is #1 on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest or Instagram.
Share a moment, a story, a quick note about a lifetime of motherly love. Just include the hashtag #1in85million, and like us on Facebook by May 11, 2014.
A winner will be selected by the video editing geniuses at Yourkidvid, to receive an iPad mini plus a Gift Card for a free Yourkidvid Premium Video! The winner can give the prizes to their #1 mom or keep them . . . we won't tell!
See terms and conditions for complete details.
Nikola Jokic is the franchise cornerstone of the Denver Nuggets. As the 2017 NBA free agency period kicks off tonight, team personnel will look to improve the talent level surrounding their prized big man.
But have you ever wondered just how good the 22-year-old Serbian might be in the future? How do they project five years down the line, when he's expected to be in their prime?
According to advanced analytics, Jokic has star written all over him. A fat paycheck will be in store, too.
FiveThirtyEight's CARMELO NBA Player Projection system — an algorithm that identifies similar players in modern NBA history and uses them to project the future of current players— forecasts Jokic to be in the “All-Star” category in five years with a $281.3 million market value. Charles Barkley (1986), Shawn Kemp (1993) and Kevin Love (2012) are notables among the players in history deemed most comparable to “The Joker.”
Age is most important for determining a player's future career in the algorithm. The player's height, weight, draft position and statistics — the weighted average over the player's three most recent NBA seasons with the latest one considered most heavily — are also critical in the CARMELO projection.
The system runs a profile for past NBA players heading into a season with the same age as the player being analyzed (In Jokic's case, all players heading into a season at age 22). It then identifies the most similar ones on a scale of 1 to 100, 100 being most similar. Related Articles February 26, 2019 Nuggets' Isaiah Thomas: “Why not try to get the No. 1 seed?”
February 25, 2019 Kiz vs. Singer: Are the Nuggets a legitimate threat as the No. 2 seed?
February 24, 2019 “He's our best defender”: Gary Harris giving Nuggets a gridiron jolt
February 24, 2019 Nuggets continue home dominance with resounding win over the Clippers
February 23, 2019 Singer: Isaiah Thomas, Gary Harris and Monte Morris in the same lineup? Nuggets are trying to make it work
The player's top 10 comparables are on the CARMELO card. Greg Monroe (2013), currently of the Milwaukee Bucks, has the highest similarity value to Jokic at 29. Kemp, Love and Barkley have similarity values to Jokic at 23, 19, and 16 respectively.
2017-18 will be Jokic's third season in the NBA after being drafted 41st overall in 2014.
Solid Gold Advice for Chinese Economists
You will be happy to know that we have nothing to fear from the Chinese, as they are as stupid as the rest of us, as I learned from a Bloomberg.com report that China's Premier Wen Jiabao says that China is “the U.S. government's largest creditor” in terms of T-bonds, and they are “worried” that something might happen to the buying power of all of that American money, and they “wants assurances that the investment is safe” and that they “requests” that the U.S. “maintain its good credit, to honor its promises and to guarantee the safety of China's assets.” Which makes me laugh that anyone would even bother saying such a thing! Hahaha! Moron!
Of course, being The Mogambo like I am, it is my duty to enlighten world leaders about economics, and in that regard I say to them, “Of course those dollar-denominated assets are safe, Chinese dude! If they ever get lost or destroyed, the United States will merely give you more paper promises! That's the beauty of a fiat currency, you morons: We can give you more and more dollars until you are freaking drowning in them!”
I don't expect the Chinese to hear me and suddenly say, “Thanks, Mogambo!” or even something that sounds like “Wong choi how wong!” which I interpret to mean, “That Mogambo fellow is one sharp economic cookie, and maybe we ought to be following their Strong Mogambo Suggestion (SMS) to buy gold, silver and oil against the terrifying inflationary conflagration that will inevitably result from such insane monetary and fiscal irresponsibility by the Federal Reserve and the Congress, respectively, which is about the only time you can ever use the word ‘respect' in relation to either one of those lying, corrupt institutions, which does not even mention the sheer corruption of their state and local governments, and governments and central banks around the world who are doing the exact same thing, which is enough to give you the Horrified Mogambo Screamies (HMS).”
But perhaps such gracious social niceties are foreign to Chinese culture, or maybe they are still miffed that I have been calling them “morons” for years since they ignore me when I tell them that they, of all the countries on the earth, need the stability of a gold standard so that they can grow their economy with cheap imports and low cost of capital, which is what you get from a gold-backed currency, and that is why they should be exchanging their excess dollars for gold bullion.
But whatever the reason, they have plenty to worry about, as the American Congress and the Obama administration have already announced, crafted and passed legislation authorizing multi-trillion dollar federal budget deficits! And these unbelievably massive federal budget deficits will continue for as far as anyone can see, meaning that the Federal Reserve will create more money and credit to pay for it all, thus vastly expanding the money supply some more, which makes prices go up some more, which devalues all the other existing dollars, which makes prices go up some more, which makes people more angry and rebellious, but which – in this case – makes me laugh and laugh and laugh; and I say to Wen Jaibao, tears of laughter running down my face and ruining my mascara (which is another sad story of heartbreak and betrayal best left for another time), “Hey, Chinese dude! Don't worry about your stinking dollars losing value! Hahaha! We'll take real good care of your money, you moron!”
Or, if the Chinese are not interested in the Valuable Advice Of The Mogambo (VAOTM) just because I am widely considered to be an idiot with no redeeming qualities, then they could instead just read in the respected Economist magazine where the “budget balance as % of GDP 2009” for the USA is now a negative 11.1%, which is one of those “I never thought I would live to see it” kind of things, sort of like my family waiting for me to live up to my responsibilities and act like a normal human being, which are (as I gather from the way they ask me about it), not too much to ask, although I politely remind tell that I am too old and hateful to give a crap about what they think about anything, including this.
And if they want something more immediate, In fact, all they would have to do is keep reading, as this is where I cite Doug Noland of the Credit Bubble Bulletin, who reports, “M2 (narrow) ‘money' supply jumped $29.5bn to a record $8.304 TN (week of 3/2).”
In case Mr. Wen Jaibao wants to know how much of a rise in price inflation that will follow such a rise in the money supply, I will tell him, “I have no idea, but (in keeping with mixing up Eastern philosophies with religions), I have a riddle for you, Wen, baby: ‘What is the sound of one hand clapping when the hand is burned to a cinder with two red-hot pokers instead of just one red-hot poker?'“
Naturally, they will be confused at the sheer stupidity of the question and probably offended at what appears to be a crude slur, whereupon I will tell them that as part of the answer to their original question of “How much inflation in the money supply” Mr. Noland calculates that, that “Narrow ‘money' has now inflated at a 16.9% rate over the past 24 weeks and $738bn over the past year, or 9.8%.”
As to being offended by my laughing at their apparent lack of intelligence, if they don't want to look like an idiot, then stop saying stupid things like they “requests” that the U.S. “maintain its good credit, to honor its promises and to guarantee the safety of China's assets.” Hahaha! Like that's going to happen!
There was much to like about little Linus Omark's game, so much so that almost all major prognosticators saw them making a major breakthrough with the Oilers in 2011-12, earning a spot on the Oilers second line.
At the start of the year, The Hockey News predicted Omark would get 44 points with the Oilers. At Oilers Nation, Jonathan Willis had them down for 43. In their “reasonable expectations” series, Allan Mitchell of Lowetide figured 37 points was the right number for Omark. The number-crunching Vukota system of Hockey Prospectus had Omark down for 32. I suspect most fans would have expected at least that much out of Omark.
But it was not to be. Omark got all of three points in just 14 games with the Oilers. They never closed the deal when it came to making the Oilers starting line-up and now he's signed a one year contract with a Swiss team, Zug.
My take on Omark?
A small player who played a big man's game, shielding the puck with their body, working the boards, Omark often held the puck for lengthy periods in the offensive zone, but they never had much luck finishing the play. In 65 Oilers games, they had 30 points, decent enough production, but not enough to keep themselves ahead of players like Jordan Eberle, Taylor Hall, Ryan Smyth and Ales Hemsky on the Oilers top lines. With a number of young, bigger and talented wingers in the system — players like Magnus Paajarvi, Teemu Hartikainen and Nail Yakupov — there was no room for them on the Oilers.
A faction of Oilers fans will argue that minutes that went to a player like Ryan Jones should have gone to Omark, but Jones was a bigger player on a team needing size, and a penalty killer on a team needing defence.
Omark's job in the NHL, if they were going to have one, was going to be as a scorer and power play specialist. Perhaps they could have some success in that role, but any other NHL team could have traded for the player, giving up little in return, and there were no takers.
I was rooting for this player to step up, but when given brief stints on lines with top forwards like Ryan Nugent-Hopkins, they never really excelled. They did OK, but just OK, failing to create an over-abundance of scoring chances. If offense is your calling card, you've got to step up on the attack when given that chance. Omark missed that mark. Not a bad player, certainly an OK one, but not the right fit in Edmonton.
Perhaps they will tear it up in Zug and get another chance at the big money of the NHL.
Other post
Can Edmonton build a downtown arena and build it right? Yes, and here is how.
Oilers qualify Omark
Will Oilers regret sending Omark down the line?
Writing on the wall for Omark
I had the chance to speak with Dominick Martin aka Calibre about their upcoming album project, Spill.
Can you give us some of the album's details for those that might be in the dark about it? What's it called, when is the release date and will it be released on Signature?
The LP will be called “Spill” and is released on the 20th of May on Signature Records, I have drawn the cover again and feature heavily as a vocalist.
Can we expect a full tour to promote the album's release?
I'm still thinking about the tour thing, over the years I have avoided that as I'm writing prolifically, feels like you should always be on tour sometimes.
When we last spoke, you'd mentioned that you had three separate album projects in the pipeline so this must the first of those three?
Yes, this is the first of the 3 albums, although this one is actually 2nd in completion, I moved my Valentia LP back to facilitate the DnB LP,
I think it may be the last time I do a conventional DnB LP as I'd like to try a more abstract approach for the next one, so it's a pretty straight up representation of a form I have been writing for over 10 years.
Is there a theme or something you want to convey with “Spill?”
I suppose I want to convey a sense of romance mixed with a soulful dance floor, something that I have sought as a DJ, I'm not sure it works that way anymore.
Any collaborations this time around? DRS again? You guys really work well together.
The collab thing is a bit different this time, “Spill” will be featuring an artist from Manchester called Chimpo, a lovely big fella with a unique sound, and Steo (a Dubliner, with a voice of an angel) but most vocals on there are mine. I do plan to do some more work with DRS but that's another one for the future,
You're a prolific producer…do you feel you have making drum & bass down to a science, so to speak?
As far as DnB goes as a science…I guess I try to do something that allows me to work quickly and as a music form it works well for this, I notice how many DnB producers are able to live in other genres effortlessly, even effect them and still I think we are considered not up to the REAL music standard…I need my breakfast I'm feeling a bit grumpy.
Is the glass half full or half empty for you right now?
The glass right now is half full but I change to empty now and again…
Anything else you want folks to know about you that they might not already know?
After this will be Valentia—-not DNB! Then I'll be putting out Shelflife 3, a collection of unreleased tracks and also look out for various remixes and single releases on various labels.
———————-
Many thanks to Calibre for taking time out to speak to us. As a little bonus, here's a recent promotional mix they did for their FabricLive 68 mix.
Spinoff Parents editor Emily Writes has a message for parents whose kids don't sleep: don't fall into the same traps they did. There are heaps of advice out there, and they took all of it. But did any of it work?
Let me start by saying I've tried every single thing possible to get my children to sleep at night. Now, aged two and four – they mostly sleep. Usually for about five hours straight. Which to me is “through the night”. This is a relatively new development.
For a period there – about three and a half years – I didn't sleep at all. So when it comes to getting your baby to sleep, I've heard it all and I've tried it all.
And let me tell you, a lot of the advice about sleep is… how do I put this? … absolutely batshit and often literally made up by someone who wants to charge you $300 a “consultation” to teach you something your baby will eventually do on their own anyway.
So in the interests of saving the sanity of any mother I can, here's an exhausted list of not exhaustive sleep methods that absolutely did not work for me. And a few that sort of did. And one that very definitely did.
Cry it Out
Oh she's going there! Right off the bat! Well, considering “leave your baby to cry” was the advice I got the most relentlessly I figured I'd tackle that first. Now, I'm not going to talk about the ethics of the method – because I would like to live longer than eight minutes after this has been published. Instead, I'm just going to say that this didn't work. I tried every variation: “five minutes of crying”, “eight minutes”, “12.367 minutes” whatever crazy stupid number a book or sleep consultant told me. I tried it – and it didn't work. I know you're about to tell me that I have to do it for 15 months for it to work, but listen: If something takes half a year to work, it doesn't work.
Cry it out made my child worse and made the whole family stressed and upset. At one point my oldest son was sobbing and rocking back and forth. It was so traumatic. I can't believe I tried it – but I did because I was exhausted and I thought it would work because any time you say you're tired people leap on to your chest, pin you down and scream in your face: CRY IT OUT CRY IT OUT YOU HAVE TO LEAVE THEM TO CRY.
I've talked to a HEAP of mums offline (because you've got a deathwish if you want to talk about this online) about cry it out and every one of them has said it only “worked” for a very short period. Generally it worked until baby got a new tooth or got sick. So the thing is – you hear about the time it did work, and not the month or so later when it doesn't and everyone has to go through screaming and crying and trauma all night all over again.
So in my view, it doesn't work. And if anything it makes everything worse, because everyone is crying and feeling terrible as well as not getting any sleep.
More from Emily Writes on sleep, and the lack of it:
When you're tired enough: On the hell of having a child who just won't sleep
Dispatches from a long night featuring vomit
Top tips for getting your child to sleep
How to survive daylight savings when you have kids
Getting a sleep consultant
Well, I've seen like four of them – maybe? I don't know, it's hard to remember when you're getting no sleep. I kept seeing them because each time I'd hope they'd have some secret. They were all very nice (which is good because you're paying a lot of money so it's the least they can do) but none of them knew why my baby wouldn't sleep. Some had little things to tweak, like earlier bedtimes (also they all contradicted themselves on this – literally one month after one said no naps during the day the other said they have to nap during the day). Most just said “keep doing what you're doing”. Which is nice, but I could say that to myself while crying and drinking wine for free (or $8.99 for a bottle of clearskin pinot gris). The truth is, there is no secret. Kids will eventually sleep. But that's not advice someone is going to buy.
Tanking them up with formula
My first child had formula and didn't sleep. Despite knowing this I STILL BELIEVED THIS MYTH. Which I guess just shows how prevalent it is. I weaned my son because every other day I was told breast milk was stopping them from sleeping. Guess what – didn't work. If anything it made it worse because I had to fuck around with bottles all night which woke me up WAY MORE than just sticking my tit in their mouth. Oh the regret I felt when I couldn't settle them because I had no milk left. I used to just lay there and imagine decking internet commenters like whack-a-mole as they said “They're hungry! They need formula!” or “Mine slept all night because they were formula fed”. Don't even get me started on the time someone shared a study saying breastfed babies sleep less than formula fed babies and under the related tab was a study that said mothers who breastfeed sleep more than mothers who is a formula feed. God give me fucking strength. Which brings me to my next point…
Don't give them fluids overnight
This one is so dumb I can't believe I fell for it. As my baby was waking themselves up completely – screaming themselves into oblivion as I denied them a bottle – I took a sip of my drink bottle and suddenly realised I was being a total fucking idiot. Since when do babies and kids not get thirsty overnight? I wake up a couple of times a night to drink water. I always have water by my bed. When I'm coughing or feeling sick, I drink (water usually) all night. Yet we keep being told there's no way babies are thirsty. Some say “Past six weeks they don't need to milk overnight”. Says who? One baby doesn't get thirsty therefore no babies are allowed to drink overnight? That's quite weird if you think about it.
Your baby is being a manipulative asshole and can actually sleep but chooses not to and you have to show them who is boss by not giving into their demands
It is quite a thing to switch your brain over as soon as 7pm comes and start viewing your babies as tiny terrorists when all day they've been your pride and joy. So this myth is harder to buy into but it sure is common – especially with the ummm older generation. Those who buy into this believe that the thing wrong with mothers today is they're too soft. Modern mothers just don't understand that babies are super beings with very high IQs who purposely wake all night just to anger their parents. I did go through a period where I wondered if my baby was intentionally waking – because I so often heard “he is manipulating you, they can sleep, they just wants to show you they have you wrapped around their finger”. But it just didn't work. Every time I went into my baby's room they were sobbing and reaching out for me. They were often shaking all over and the second I held them they began to calm down. Was they an Oscar winner in the making? It's possible. But why? Why would they do that?
Frankly if a cuddle is so important to them that he'd wake themselves up hourly for it and put on a performance that completely convinces me that he's scared and upset, they deserve one.
Routines
We have had our children in routines from day dot. Didn't do a thing in terms of sleep. We still have them in routines because it works well for us as a family. Some kids really thrive on routine and need to know when stuff is happening. But since we have always been in routine, I fail to see how it helped with sleep (it has helped my sanity though).
Put them on solids early
Just gave them a sore tummy and the shits. Sorry!
Give them food during the night
This actually worked for a friend of mine who had a chronic non-sleeper. But it just made my child wake up completely.
Put them in their own room
We did this. He's still in their own room. But they always, always slept better in our room. Our oldest one day said “I want my own room” and we moved them in when they were two and a half and they mostly slept better. But when we'd tried it about five months earlier he'd woken 10 trillion times more than a usual night. So I'm a believer in moving them when they're ready – unless they're driving you absolutely up the fucking wall like our baby. We had no choice but to move him. And really, they still end up in our bloody room because he's too determined and we are too broken. So putting them in their own room isn't an immediate fix.
Put them in a big bed
Things we have put our child to sleep on: a bassinet, a cot mattress in a cot, a cot mattress on the floor, my mother-in-law's cot mattress on the floor, my mother-in-law's cot mattress in a port-a-cot, a single bed on a single bed base, a single bed on the floor, a double bed on a double bed base, a double bed on the floor, our king size bed, their brother's bed which is the same mattress but we thought we could try, a pile of pillows on the floor, and just a duvet on the floor. Things our child will sleep on: my chest, their father's chest.
To be honest, the floor bed has worked the most for us. And the cot has worked the least for us. We have a double mattress and a single mattress on the floor of our youngest child's room and they mostly sleep OK there now. It's a hassle because you have to stand the mattress up each day so it doesn't get mouldy (unless you're rich and have a completely dry house). They wake up a handful of times a night and gets a quick kiss back to sleep, or if we are too tired they wander in and climbs into bed with us. It has worked for us a lot better than anything else. It also means we can sleep with them if it's a bad night. AND they can't hurt themselves trying to climb out of the cot. We have found they sometimes get up and we don't wake – they walk to the kitchen and eats some cheese. But you know I'm fine with that. I don't care as long as I get some sleep.
*
Now, the only thing that worked. *Drum roll*. You're going to hate this:
Waiting for them to just sort it out himself.
Oh my gosh I feel like such an asshole. I'm sorry. But it's true. And it is true for everyone I've spoken to with seriously bad sleepers. Some kids just don't sleep. It's a development thing. It really is. Our four-year-old just one day started sleeping. We didn't do anything differently. They just started sleeping. The same thing is happening with our two-year-old.
Prior to this he'd seen two paediatricians, a mental health team (to see if they were having night terrors), a dietician, a chiropractor (definitely didn't work), the best sleep specialist in the country (she has actual qualifications – unlike sleep consultants, they work at a hospital), a Karatane nurse, a neurologist and three GPs. Nobody knew what was wrong with him. They had MRIs and heart scans and cat scans and monitoring and blood tests and nobody knew what was wrong.
Because there was nothing wrong. He's just a baby who didn't sleep for a long time.
Near the end of all of the testing, the child who slept for only 45 minutes at a time for two years slept through the night. For no reason. We didn't do anything differently. I wish there was a secret but there isn't. Some babies sleep through the night from early on, others take a long time.
The one constant we heard from specialists was “you're not doing anything wrong”.
And that is a message we don't hear enough when it comes to infant sleep.
If we could end the obsession with the idea of “good babies” sleeping through the night – and began to focus on the wellbeing of parents who are waking all night – we'd go such a long way to getting rid of the crazy things we think about infant sleep.
I felt a huge sense of failure at not being able to get my children to sleep at night. There is a whole industry set up around making sure mothers feel terrible about themselves because their children don't sleep. If parents blame themselves they will spend money. If they accept sleep is a developmental milestone and every baby is different, there's no money to be made.
I am a fairly broke person and it makes me want to cry thinking about how much money I have wasted. I've bought every sleep device and paid unqualified people to assess my baby and my apparent failures.
Believe me, I know how hard it is. I really wish someone had told me at the beginning that it's not my fault like those specialists did. The only people we didn't have to pay were the ones who told us the truth.
So I'm saying that to you if you need to hear it.
This post will mean nothing to parents whose kids sleep. But if yours don't, I'm speaking to you.
It's not your fault. I promise.
Ignore the chorus telling you you're doing it all wrong and you need to wean or leave them to cry or sleep train or give them solids or get a sleep consultant or perform some weird juju past life shit on them because if you don't you're not “respecting their need to sleep”.
(Yes, I've been told that too – and it's bullshit).
Ignore it. You're doing great. This will pass I promise. It's long and hard and awful (so, so awful) but you're not alone.
You're not a martyr – that favourite word to attack sleep deprived mothers with – you're just trying your best.
I see you trying.
You'll sleep soon.
So will they.
And so will I.
Promise x
Emily Writes is editor of The Spinoff Parents. Them book Rants in the Dark is out now. Follow them on Facebook here.
Follow the Spinoff Parents on Facebook and Twitter.
This content is entirely funded by Flick, New Zealand's fairest power deal. In the past year, their customers saved $417 on average, which would buy enough nappies for months… and months. Please support us by switching to them right now.
A furniture store is giving Moncton-area residents the chance to recycle K-Cups and help create jobs for people with disabilities in the Maritimes.
Wheaton's furniture has launched a pilot project to recycle the convenient coffee cups and at the same time, create jobs for people who are disabled.
The single-use cups are popular, but the handy coffee pods generate a significant amount of waste.
Garnet Wheaton, the founder of Wheaton's, said they believe that looking for a way to recycle the cups is the responsible thing to do.
We know that K-Cups produce a lot of waste to the landfill, so we've decided to take some action. - Garnet Wheaton, store founder
"We want people to be able to enjoy coffee and enjoy the conversation that goes with coffee. And we want them to be able to do that in an environmentally and responsible way," they said.
"We know that K-Cups produce a lot of waste to the landfill, so we've decided to take some action."
The Wheaton's store in Moncton is accepting K-Cups from any source for recycling. Anyone bringing in 24 used coffee pods will receive a $1 coupon for Mother Parkers coffee products.
The pilot project is taking advantage of a gap in the store's transportation system.
Trucks delivering furniture to Moncton area normally return to Halifax empty. But now, those trucks will haul the collected empty cups back to Halifax.
"We had the transportation system in place to be able to collect and to deliver these cups back to recycling without burning extra fuel," said Wheaton.
"It's all done in a very efficient manner."
Workers at the Dartmouth Adult Services Centre remove the coffee grinds from used K-Cups so they can be used in compost or fertilizer while the plastic cups are recycled. (CBC) In Halifax, the empty coffee packages are turned over to the Dartmouth Adult Services Centre, where employees break down the cups.
Cathy Deagle-Gammon, the centre's executive director, says it's great employment for adults with intellectual disabilities.
"It's a project that helps our clients to gain skills," they said.
"It's variety in the work that we do and I think the other thing to everybody likes to help to contribute to bettering our environment."
The leftover coffee grinds make their way to compost and fertilizer while the plastic cups can be recycled.
"There is absolutely nothing that isn't great about this project," said Deagle-Gammon.
If the pilot project catches on, Wheaton said they hope to expand the program to all of the company's stores in the Maritimes.
Rafael Benitez confident they will remain in charge at Newcastle despite takeover uncertainty
Rafa Benitez is confident they will still be Newcastle manager in a year's time whether or not a takeover happens
Rafael Benitez does not believe the uncertainty regarding ongoing talks over a proposed takeover at Newcastle casts doubt over their managerial position.
The club's owner Mike Ashley put the club up for sale in October and after more than two months of negotiations financier Amanda Staveley submitted a formal takeover offer earlier this month.
It remains unclear whether Ms Staveley's PCP Capital Partners are the only credible bidder with the St James' Park faithful hopeful that the proposed takeover can lead to subsequent investment in the January transfer window.
Amanda Staveley is heading negotiations on behalf of PCP Capital Partners
Benitez, who has been left frustrated after the last two transfer windows, remains confident they will still be in charge in 12 months' time.
"I think so," Benitez said, when they were asked whether they thought was the case. "I'm quite happy with this group of players, they're improving, they're learning.
"I don't see any difficulty now. Just for me it is a challenge now. I was disappointed after the summer? Yes. But still this is a chance for me."
Rafael Benitez says that they have no further update on Newcastle's takeover - and is relying on Sky Sports News for any information! Rafael Benitez says that they have no further update on Newcastle's takeover - and is relying on Sky Sports News for any information!
The 57-year-old Spaniard is hopeful a decision can be reached by the Newcastle hierarchy but insists their staff and players will remain focused on the task in hand - maintaining their top-flight status.
"Yes, obviously, you know where you are then," Benitez added. "But at the moment, we do not know what will happen, so we have to carry on doing the same things."
Newcastle, who host Watford on Saturday, made an encouraging start on their return to the Premier League but three successive defeats have halted their progression and despite the lack of summer additions remains hopeful for a positive campaign.
They said: "My disappointment [at the end of the summer transfer window] was because I was trying to be in the top 10.
"Now it's just to be sure that we stay in the Premier League and we go as high as possible in the table, because you
never know.
"These players are giving everything, so we have to support them. That's it."
The Open Vulnerability Assessment System (OpenVAS) is one of the most important and useful Open Source solution for vulnerability scanning and vulnerability management. Vulnerability scanning is one of the crucial phases in penetration testing that helps to discover vulnerable items that might be the cause of some serious break down. So, OpenVAS provides us with its effective tools for Penetration testing to ensure that we are not vulnerable to known threats.
OpenVAS is widely used by a number of peoples in the World including security experts and common users who used this all-in-one suite of tools that works together to run the test against client computers using its own database of known weaknesses and exploits.
So, in today's article we will show you its installation and configuration setup on Linux CentOS 7 to make sure that how well your servers are protected against the attacks.
Base System
We will be using CentOS Linux 7 (Core) to setup OpenVAS with basic installation of system packages. While the hardware resources in this VM are 2 GB RAM and 2 CPUs.
Once your Linux VM with CentOS 7 is ready, let's login with root credentials to update your system using below command.
# yum update
Setup Atomicorp Repository
Now, we will setup the Atomicorp repository freely available from the best known Atomic Secured for Linux that protects from thousands of risks and vulnerabilities automatically.
Let's issue the following command to get it installed on your centos server.
~]# wget -q -O - http://www.atomicorp.com/installers/atomic |sh
This will install the Atomic Free Unsupported Archive installer, version 2.0.14.
To proceed forward choose the Default option as "Yes" to agree to the Atomicorp terms. Then the system will configure the "atomic" yum archive for the operating system, to agree this once again type "Yes" to Enable its repository. After that the Atomic Rocket Turtle archive will be installed and configured for your system as you can see in the snapshot.
Installing OpenVAS
Now we will run the simple yum command to install OpenVAS using its pre configured atomic repository.
~]# yum install openvas
The system will process to check and resolve its dependencies and will show the transaction summary with list of all its dependent packages that will be installed. To proceed the installation type "Y" to continue.
Transaction Summary
===============================================
Install 1 Package (+157 Dependent packages)
Upgrade ( 1 Dependent package) Total download size: 57 M
Is this ok [y/d/N]: y
The process will end up after after installing OpenVAS and its dependent packages.
Setup OpenVAS
After successful installation of OpenVAS, now we will run its setup to configure its different parameters tha will start to download the latest database from internet.
So, first of all run its setup command in the terminal as shown.
~]# openvas-setup
Step 1: Updating NVT, CERT and Scap DB
The first step of OpenVAS setup will to update NVT, CERT and SCAP data as shown in below image.
Here we will choose the default option, that will take couple of minutes while downloading the data and building its database. So, it better to wait and let the process complete without any interruption.
Step 2: Configure GSAD
In this step we will configure the IP address settings for GSAD which is Greenbone Security Assistant a Web Based front end for managing scans. So, we will choose the default settings here to allow connections from any IP.
Step 3: Choose the GSAD admin users password
This is the last step of OpenVAS setup where we will setup the user name and password for GSAD that will be used to configure account.
Login to Greenbone Security Assistant
After GSAD setup is complete, we will access its GUI from any web browser by giving server's IP or FQDN with addition to its default port.
https://your_servers_ip:9392/
You be directed to its login page, let's provide your credentials that you configured in previous step.
Welcome to Greenbone Security Assistant
Congratulations! We have successfully setup OpenVAS with Greenbone Security Assistance, by using this dashboard the basic guidelines are already provided from Scanning IP address, while we can configure it to use its different available features choosing from the top bar.
Starting Your Fisrt Scan
Now in order to scan your host or IP we put the IP or Host name on the top right side, and click on the "Start Scan button". But, you will not be able to run any scans as you'll get this error on your report as shown below.
To resolve this issue we need to make few changes in the redis configuration file, that can be done by issuing the following command.
# echo "unixsocket /tmp/redis.sock" >> /etc/redis.conf
# sed -i 's/enforcing/disabled/g' /etc/selinux/config /etc/selinux/config
# systemctl enable redis.service
ln -s '/usr/lib/systemd/system/redis.service' '/etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/redis.service'
# shutdown -r 0
Once the server is back after reboot, rescan your host or IP from the Greenbone Security Assistant Dashboard by providing the login details first.
Now can see the progress bar , it might take few minutes to complete the scan. Once the Host/IP scan is complete click on the scan completion date to see the report as shown below.
Conclusion
Now have a fully functional OpenVAS server set up for scanning your hosts to spot vulnerabilities and highlight areas to focus on when you are hardening your server.
If you still face any issue while doing its setup or running your scans, feel free to get back to us as we feel pleasure to assist you.
Hive has launched a bitcoin and litecoin wallet app for iOS devices, including the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch.
Called Hive Wallet, the app is free, takes up just 2MB of users' precious memory and requires iOS 7.0 or later to run properly. The company says the app is optimised for the iPhone 5, which will also apply to the subsequent 5S and 5C models.
The company announced its new product with a simple tweet:
The Hive app for iOS was listed on iTunes on 13th August and it is available in German and English language user interfaces. The company already has wallets available for Mac OS X and Android devices, as well as an online version.
Feature set
Following Apple's controversial ban on cryptocurrency wallets in early 2014, Hive was busy developing a browser-run HTML 5 web wallet that would have circumvented the ruling. However, the change of policy at Apple in June allowed the company to develop this, its first app for iOS.
The new iOS wallet looks rather like a hybrid of the HTML5 app and Hive's Android equivalent, providing a clean user interface, but with a number of features neatly included without adding clutter.
Notably, the wallet features support for both bitcoin and litecoin, with more cryptocurrencies said to be coming soon.
Like other Hive wallets, it also offers a geo-location feature called ‘Waggle', which allows users to exchange funds with other nearby Hive users with ease. A native QR code scanner is on board, too.
The new app is a hierarchical deterministic (HD) wallet and Hive says each transaction generates a new address in the BIP32 tree, “ensuring maximum privacy”. With HD wallets, a passphrase is used to generate the wallet, making it recoverable in the event of a lost PIN or corrupted hard drive, and which can be used across devices.
App Store rivals
Since Apple lifted its ban on wallet apps three months ago, we have witnessed an upsurge in mobile wallet development for the platform.
Several familiar apps have now appeared in Apple's walled garden, including the Blockchain wallet – the most popular wallet out there, with over two million downloads so far (across all platforms). Blockchain saw its original iOS wallet taken down by Apple in February.
Coinbase still has not returned to the App Store, but has approved an unofficial app that launched late in June.
Instructing Berkeley student group to spare no expense in renting my speaking venue - part of my legal damages. https://t.co/EQsiAEWPpW — Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 19, 2017
I acceded to Berkeley's every silly demand (never made of lib speakers). Called their bluff & they canceled anyway. https://t.co/EQsiAEWPpW — Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 19, 2017
UC Berkeley says conservative Ann Coulter's appearance next Thursday is canceled because the university can't secure a location, but the groups who invited them said she'll be on campus whether UC Berkeley likes it or not.The groups putting on the event are not sharing where Coulter will speak, but said they are looking at several locations, including on campus.Coulter took to Twitter saying: "Instructing Berkeley student group to spare no expense in renting my speaking venue - part of my legal damages."This comes just after UC Berkeley officials told UC Berkeley College Republicans and the Young America's Foundation that it could not accommodate Coulter's visit next Thursday after heightened security concerns following protests as recently as this past weekend."We could not find a venue that would allow us to offer safety and security to the speaker, to those who would attend the event to our neighbors, as well as those who might choose to lawfully oppose their appearance," UC Berkeley spokesperson Dan Mogulof said."We've never actually had the support of the university. This is our third event in a row that has been canceled," Berkeley College Republicans spokesperson Naweed Tahmas said."Ann Coulter will speak at UC Berkeley whether Berkeley likes it or not," Young America's Foundation spokesperson Spencer Brown said.College Republicans said they will announce where Coulter will speak early next week."There are several locations we have secured and are making sure are safe before we commit to those locations," Tahmas said.UC Bekeley's spokesperson would not speculate about safety, but did say the university has an unwavering commitment to provide security for the campus and students."We're always concerned about our members in particular, we've been attacked, we've been spit on, I've been punched in the face, it's part of being a Republican in Berkeley," said Tahmas.UC Berkeley canceled Coulter's event just two months after a violent protest on campus canceled a planned speech by former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos.Below is a copy of the letter UC Berkeley sent to the Berkeley College Republicans on Tuesday night:
Tackling the challenge of unmanned drones is the key issue for the US in the Pacific, a retired general says.
Pilotless warplanes are proliferating across the Pacific. This poses a big problem for US defence planners, according to one retired US Air Force general.
In recent months, the United States, China and Taiwan have all revealed new or planned Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA). The US Navy is considering replacing some or all of its future F-35 manned fighters with armed drones, potentially based on the experimental X-47B. Taiwan has announced ambitious plans for at least two types of killer drones to supplement its aging manned fighter fleet. China, meanwhile, is working on a wide range of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV); the Japanese navy spotted a small, apparently ship-launched drone over a Chinese fleet this summer.
In light of these and other drone developments, the Pentagon must consider ‘the design and establishment of an effective air defence architecture that can rapidly deal with adversary RPA capabilities without fratricide of friendly aircraft and missiles, retired Lt. Gen. Dave Deptula told The Diplomat.
‘Keep in mind that for the past 20 years, we've dominated the airspace where we have fought – what's been in the air is “ours,”' Deptula said. ‘This condition won't last forever. Imagine a contingency where there are hundreds of adversary UAVs operating. Who and how will we be able to detect friend from foe, and how will we effectively engage the ‘bad guys' while allowing our UAVs and other aircraft to continue their missions?'
A system to help sort out ‘friendly' and enemy drones could be based on existing Identification Friend or Foe radio beacons installed on manned warplanes. The future RPA identification system could also dovetail with a possible command-and-control architecture for integrating drones into civilian airspace crowded with freighters and passenger planes. ‘This issue goes hand in hand with the airspace control issue,' Deptula said.
‘If these issues aren't addressed and solved today, we will have some enormous challenges to face when confronted with this kind of situation for the first time in battle,' they added.
Tyler, the Creator has announced a new album titled Cherry Bomb. Their third studio effort and follow-up to 2013's Wolf arrives next Monday, April 13th via Odd Future and is currently available for pre-order on iTunes.
As a preview, he's dropped two new tracks — “DEATHCAMP” and “FUCKING YOUNG / PERFECT” — which you can stream below. According to Complex, both Kanye West and Lil Wayne are reported to appear on the 11th track.
A video for “Fucking Young” has also surfaced, featuring Charlie Wilson, Toro Y Moi's Chaz Bundick, and Black Lips' Cole Alexander. It's a surprisingly sunny excursion that will leave you pining for a Nintendo 64. Catch it at the bottom!
In related news, Tyler launched a new Golf Media app earlier on Wednesday, which features original content and music. For those interested, that is also available over at iTunes.
Needless to say, it's been a solid past 24 hours for fans of Odd Future.
Sounds like wishful thinking. My galvanic response is to agree that every Java hacker I ever knew was a jerk and every Python hacker a bigot and every COBOL hacker... well, I only knew one and they were my high school comp sci and calculus teacher and they were pretty damn nice... but it's not true. I've known a couple of awesome Java hackers and far and away the most annoying, bigoted, and time wasting hacker I ever had to work with was 100% Perl. It wasn't anyone here though. I think that's part of this place's charm. It spits out people like that pretty quickly. Sidenote: a huge number of those in prison in the US in particular don't belong there at all: Incarceration Rates . And those numbers only get more awful when you add race to the mix– South Africa under Apartheid was internationally condemned as a racist society. What does it mean that the leader of the "free world" locks up its Black men at a rate 5.8 times higher than the most openly racist country in the world? - Incarceration is not an equal opportunity punishment Not to get a political thread started, just saying. How "evil" one is is not a direct function of how incarcerated one is.
That's all not to mention that 60% of US prisoners are there for so-called crimes which involve no dishonesty or violence. Drug laws in the US are a sad, unfunny joke. I'm not sure how that relates to programming, though, except that certain programming languages are sad, unfunny jokes, too. I won't start a flame war by naming them, and I'm sure everyone has their own favorites to name to the category anyway. Suffice it to say that Perl isn't a joke and Intercal I find funny.
Perl as a language is friendly and fun, and tends to attract people who are friendly and fun too ;-) Personally, I have learnt and used many languages over the years but have loved Perl since we met, and have stayed faithful ever since. And that is probably at least partially because something in my brain resonates with the way(_s_) Perl allows me to do things. I'd also suggest there is a correlation between Perl users and the FLOSS community in general. It's hard to be a Perl user without picking up a lot of the larger open source mind set - co-operation, collaboration, tolerance and acceptance - all of which are a Good Thing for making one's way in the world in general. As for making Perl knowledge a job requirement for holders of public office - sounds like a wonderful idea, but I recall how optimistic the U.K. media were when M Thatcher was running for PM because they were a science graduate and therefore was it was believed that they would be a more rational leader ... 'nuff said.
so i suggest that the programming language has the effect of rewire the brain somehow i also suggest that all governers, presidents, kings, and so on must know some perl to be qualified for their position by passing an international exam by the united nation. Please don't reveal the secret of how the geeks plan to take over the world. :-) I'm not really a human, but I play one on earth I'm not really a human, but I play one on earth Remember How Lucky You Are
If there is a correlation it might not be because of learning a programming language, but rather because of the act of programming. Programming is one of the few things where 1) you can see what you produced doesn't work. FULLSTOP. and 2) there's noone to blame but you. You may blame the computer, the compiler, the teacher ... but if you persist and actually do debug the program you wrote you find out that the blame was on you. Again and again. This does teach some humility. And unteaches blaming others for your faults. Besides .. polite ne successful. More often than not it prevents success. Jenda
Support Denmark!
Defend the free world!
perl's low defect rate must help to reinforce that effect. :) I don't think there's any causative effect, really. I think normal social effects are at play here. The Perl community has somehow managed to evolve as a friendly place. At this point it's a self reinforcing system. However, if noxious, vituperative folks were allowed to dominate the conversation, the friendly people would leave and standard Internet behavior would ensue, as the new feedback system gained dominance. The OPs thesis sounds kinda like the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis.
TGI says moo
a doctorate thesis can be made by searching how many prisoners in jails know some perl. It would also have to take into account how many prisoners in jails are innocent -- there's bound to be a correlation between the two attributes. :D But seriously... are you trying to assert that no one has ever written evil code in Perl? Perhaps Perl has a better proportion of benevolent vs. evil code released to the world, compared to other languages (e.g. Visual Basic, x86 assembler, javascript), but I don't know how someone could possibly measure that.
I can see that you've never been flamed Tom Christiansen, to name one of many well-known Perl hackers with a well-deserved reputation for forceful expressions of opinion.
Leicester City and Manchester United are the latest two clubs coming under pressure to play their Premier League match at the King Power Stadium scheduled for Dec 23 on the afternoon of the following day, Christmas Eve.
There has already been controversy around the plans to schedule Arsenal's home game against Liverpool at lunchtime on Christmas Eve with issues over the London club being able to hire the requisite number of flight attendants.
Telegraph Sport understands that United and Leicester are pushing back hard against the proposals by the broadcaster Sky Sports, supported by the Premier League, with the potential for the game to be played at 3pm or even one hour later, at the traditional Sunday set-piece televised game kick-off time of 4pm.
There is frustration at Sky Sports at being cast as the villains of the piece with the broadcaster, which paid £4.2 billion for its share of the domestic rights, under obligation to select games to play on the Sunday. Currently the Premier League schedule for that weekend, beginning Dec 23, has match-ups that pair geographically distant clubs, including West Ham and Newcastle; Southampton and Huddersfield Town; and Manchester City and Bournemouth.
Away fans making long journeys to watch their teams on the weekend before Christmas are likely to run into problems on public transport and motorway networks already under strain.
A full-page newspaper ad running in swing states purports to reveal "the true agenda of Barack Hussein Obama." It says they will:
• "Force Christian organizations to pay for abortions."
• "Force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers."
• "Force courts to accept Islamic Sharia Law in domestic disputes."
• "Force local authorities to allow To Occupy protesters to live in parks."
There are 11 points in all, punctuated by "Say NO to Barack Hussein Obama's vision for America on Election Day."
It's from a political action committee that operates under the name "Government is Not God," or GING-PAC. The group says the ad has run in 19 newspapers in Florida, Ohio, Iowa and Pennsylvania.
Compared with other outside spending groups, GING-PAC is a relatively small player. It started in 1994 and has spent less than $100,000 in most elections, supporting Republicans such as House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin.
The group's latest ad found its largest audience when it ran in the Sarasota Herald-Tribune on Sunday. The Herald-Tribune, citing policy, would not disclose the ad's cost.
The claims riled some voters in Sarasota, including Kindra Muntz, an activist organizing a protest in front of the newspaper's offices today.
"It's an insult to people's intelligence, really. . . . It steps on just about everyone and drags them into somebody's hate agenda," Muntz said.
On Wednesday, the Herald-Tribune apologized in a note to readers, stating that the ad did not meet the newspaper's "standards for fairness and accuracy."
Here at PolitiFact, we wondered if the ad's claims had any merit. We contacted GING-PAC and asked for evidence. William J. Murray, GING-PAC's chairperson, said the group didn't need evidence because it was making predictions.
"If a politician is willing to walk you halfway to hell, it is likely that they will walk you the rest of the way there," Murray said via email.
The ad's claims are not couched as predictions, however, but as representations of Obama's actual policies and proposals. We've fact-checked many of the points by comparing them with Obama's previous positions, their proposals for a second term and their public comments.
"Force police agencies to allow Muslim brotherhood to select staff."
We found nothing in Obama's stated policies or positions to support this claim. Still, we ran it by Phil Lynn, director of the National Law Enforcement Policy Center, a division of the International Association of Chiefs of Police. They said they had never heard of the claim and most states and local agencies have boards that control hiring and firing decisions.
"Trying to force this on local jurisdictions would be irregular and out of place," Lynn said. "I would think many states would balk at it."
Such an idea is not only unconstitutional, it's also ridiculous, said Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU of Florida.
"It just doesn't make any sense," Simon said. "It's incoherent that a police agency would give an outside group the power to pick its own staff."
We found no evidence that Obama has ever mentioned anything like this. We rate this statement Pants on Fire.
"Force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies."
Experts who follow issues involving same-sex couples and parenthood were perplexed by this one. "We have no idea what this claim is based on," said Eleanor Nicoll, public affairs manager for the American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Plus, buying babies is illegal. We rate this Pants on Fire.
"Force States to pay the college tuition of illegal immigrants' children."
This claim conflates several issues related to immigration. To begin with, children of illegal immigrants born in the United States are citizens. A federal court recently overturned a Florida law that denied in-state tuition to the citizen children of illegal immigrants who are Florida residents. Immigration experts said the federal government couldn't force states to pay college tuition for immigrants — or for any other students, for that matter. We rate this claim False.
"Force all states to permit same-sex 'marriages.' "
The ad's basis is the president's opposition to the Defense of Marriage Act, the federal law that defines marriage as between a man and woman.
Is opposing the law the same thing as wanting to force all states to permit same-sex marriages? Not according to Obama. "I continue to believe that this is an issue that is gonna be worked out at the local level, because historically, this has not been a federal issue," they said in a May interview, adding, "I think it is a mistake to try to make what has traditionally been a state issue into a national issue."
Even if Obama changed their mind, they would have to introduce legislation in Congress to require states to recognize gay marriages. And even if that passed, it would likely be unconstitutional, according to Dale Carpenter, a civil rights professor at the University of Minnesota. "The court has explicitly said that family law is a matter for states to decide," they said. We rate the ad's claim False.
"Force Christian organizations to pay for abortions."
Under the 2010 health care law, Christian organizations won't be "forced" to hand over money for abortion procedures performed at clinics by doctors. But the law does expand coverage requirements for preventive care. And preventive care, as defined by the Obama administration, includes birth control, emergency contraceptives and sterilization — and some people equate those services with abortion.
The administration created an exemption for religious organizations by requiring insurance companies to pay for those services. But antiabortion groups say the exemption is just a shell game.
That controversy is real, but the ad's claim creates a misleading impression. We rate this Mostly False.
"Force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers."
The only basis for this claim is a 2012 Supreme Court decision involving a teacher who said they lost their job in violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act. They sued to get their job at a private Christian school back. The federal government supported their case, but the court unanimously ruled against them on First Amendment grounds.
Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical Lutheran Church and School vs. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission did address the proper balance between the government and religious institutions in personnel decisions at schools. But even participants in the case say it had nothing to do with ordering schools to hire people. We rate this claim False.
"Force courts to accept Islamic Sharia Law in domestic disputes."
There have been isolated instances when U.S. courts have used sharia law. But we couldn't find any instances of the Obama administration supporting that.
On top of that, the notion would violate the separation of powers, said Glenn Hendrix, an Atlanta-based lawyer and past chair of the American Bar Association's section on International Law. Hendrix said there's no substance to the ad's claim.
"Even if the administration were somehow pushing sharia law — and of course it's not — the executive branch cannot force courts to accept any particular law," Hendrix said.
We rate the statement Pants on Fire.
"Force local authorities to allow To Occupy protesters to live in parks."
Occupy Wall Street is a loosely organized movement that draws attention to income inequality. In 2011, it set up camp in New York City's Zuccotti Park and then spread to other cities.
Protesters have a First Amendment right to peaceably assemble, but local governments are generally allowed to enforce time and place restrictions on those gatherings. A 1984 Supreme Court opinion said governments may outlaw sleeping in parks, even during protests.
We couldn't find any evidence that Obama or their administration opposed existing law on this point. Also, a president can't overturn a Supreme Court decision anyway. We rate this claim Pants on Fire.
Obama is "the only President in history who has deliberately removed the words 'endowed by their Creator' when referring to our Declaration of Independence, not once, but several times."
The ad ends with a tagline accusing Obama of taking some godless liberties with the language in the Declaration of Independence. And indeed, we did find video of them paraphrasing that famous line, leaving out the "creator." Several conservative websites appear to be tracking their omissions.
But there's also video evidence of them saying those words — the blog of the liberal group People for the American Way even put together a compilation video of Obama reciting the "endowed by their creator" language. And the site UrbandLegends.com dug up examples of other presidents paraphrasing the Declaration and omitting the "creator." Which presidents, you ask? Calvin Coolidge, Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan.
We rate this False.
Times staff writers Bill Adair, Jon Greenberg, Louis Jacobson, Molly Moorhead and Katie Sanders contributed to this report.
Results from the 2017 U.S. Sport and Speed Open National Championship held in Denver, Colorado on March 10 and 11.
Ashima Shiraishi fashioned a perfect performance at the 2017 U.S. Sport Open National Championship this weekend. The 15-year-old climber from New York City, who was climbing in the open national championship for the first time, flashed or onsighted every route from qualifiers to finals to take the title of national champion.
“It is an honor to hold this title and to have competed against some of the world's most talented climbers such as [Margo Hayes] and [Brooke Raboutou],” Ashima posted on Facebook after the competition. “I am looking forward to competing in a few World Cups this summer. Thanks for cheering me on.”
Margo Hayes, 19, and Brooke Raboutou, 15, joined Ashima on the podium in second place and third place.
On the men's side, Kai Lightner, 17, took the title of national sport climbing champion—the second time he's held the honor. Lightner won the competition in 2015, at age 15, when they competed in their first ever Sport Open National Championship. In 2016, they took second place. In February, Lightner took second place at the 2017 Open Bouldering National Championship held in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Jesse Grupper, 20, and Drew Ruana, 17, joined Lightner on the podium in second place and third place. Grupper also took second place, and was runner-up to Lightner, at the 2015 Sport Open National Championship.
In the speed climbing competition, Claire Buhrfeind took first place for women, followed by Amanda Wooten in second and Grace McKeehan in third. On the men's side, John Brosler took first place, Libor Hroza—from the Czech Republic—second place, and Max Hammer third place. As a foreign national, Hroza did not rank in the U.S. National Championship, which bumped Hammer up to second and Michael Finn-Henry, who came in fourth place in the event, into third for the national ranking.
The 2017 U.S. Sport & Speed Open National Championship took place March 10 and 11 at Movement Climbing and Fitness in Denver, Colorado.
RESULTS
Sport (FINALS)
Women Men
1. Ashima Shiraishi 1. Kai Lightner
2. Margo Hayes 2. Jesse Grupper
3. Brooke Raboutou 3. Drew Ruana
4. Kyra Condie 4. Noah Ridge
5. Michaela Kiresch 5. Shane Messer
6. Claire Buhrfeind 6. Bobby Taft-Pittman
7. Julia Talbot 7. Vasya Vorotnikov
8. Melina Costanza 7. Josh Levin
8. Natalia Grossman 9. Austin Geiman
10. Meagan Martin 10. Solomon Barth
11. Juliet Hammer 11. Joey Catama
Speed (FINALS)
Women Men
1. Claire Buhrfeind 1. John Brosler
2. Amanda Wooten 2. Libor Hroza (Czech Republic)
3. Grace McKeehan 3. Max Hammer
4. Lauren Bair 4. Michael Finn-Henry
5. Kyra Condie 5. Gentry Cole
6. Piper Kelly 6. Luke Muehring
7. Bimini Horstmann 7. Noah Bratschi
8. Brooke Raboutou 8. Nicholas Romero
9. Marisa Romero 9. Merrit Ernsberger
10. Ryan Copeland
11. Luke Rodley
Click here for full results.
Watch the full replay of finals:
View more photos from the event on U.S.A Climbing's Facebook page.
Joe Raedle/Newsmakers/Getty Images
Allen Nicklasson has had a temporary reprieve. Scheduled to be executed by lethal injection in Missouri on 23 October, the convicted killer was given a stay of execution by the state's governor, Jay Nixon, on 11 October — but not because their guilt was in doubt. Nicklasson will live a while longer because one of the drugs that was supposed to be used in their execution — a widely used anaesthetic called propofol — is at the centre of an international controversy that threatens millions of US patients, and affects the way that US states execute inmates.
Shortages of anaesthetic drugs usually used in lethal injection, the most common method of execution, are forcing states to find alternative sedatives. Propofol, used up to 50 million times a year in US surgical procedures, has never been used in an execution. If the execution had gone ahead, US hospitals could have lost access to the drug because 90% of the US supply is made and exported by a German company subject to European Union (EU) regulations that restrict the export of medicines and devices that could be used for capital punishment or torture. Fearing a ban on propofol sales to the United States, in 2012 the drug's manufacturer, Fresenius Kabi in Bad Homburg, ordered its US distributors not to provide the drug to prisons.
This is not the first time that the EU's anti-death-penalty stance has affected the US supply of anaesthetics. Since 2011, a popular sedative called sodium thiopental has been unavailable in the United States. The manufacturer, US company Hospira, abandoned plans to produce the drug at its plant in Italy after regulators in the country required that the thiopental never be used in executions. The drug, which is difficult and costly to make, was already in short supply because of manufacturing problems.
“There has been a collision of the politics of capital punishment in the United States and Europe, forcing us to hopscotch around looking for suitable methods for anaesthesia,” says Jerry Cohen, a former president of the American Society of Anesthesiologists.
“The European Union is serious,” says David Lubarsky, head of the anaesthesiology department at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine in Florida. “They've already shown that with thiopental. If we go down this road with propofol, a lot of good people who need anaesthesia are going to be harmed.”
The loss of thiopental from the anaesthesia arsenal was a relatively minor inconvenience, says Cohen, because propofol provided an alternative. But if propofol is used for executions in Missouri or any other state, it could disappear too, leaving hospitals in a serious bind. “Propofol has a lot of uses for which there are no substitutes,” says Cohen. It is the preferred way to sedate people who have breathing tubes because it acts quickly and does not cause vomiting. Federal regulations make propofol difficult to manufacture in the United States.
The 35 US states with prisoners on death row were already scrambling to find effective drugs for lethal injection, which was used for 43 executions last year. The procedure previously relied on a course of three injections: thiopental to sedate the prisoner, muscle relaxant pancuronium bromide to induce paralysis, and potassium chloride to stop the heart. As supplies of thiopental ran low in 2009 and 2010, many states started stockpiling pentobarbital, another sedative. But in 2011, Lundbeck, a drug company in Copenhagen and sole US supplier of pentobarbital, banned it from use in executions because of Danish and EU human-rights laws. Texas's supply of pentobarbital expired in September, but the state obtained more from unregulated compounding pharmacies, which tailor-make drugs. Pentobarbital is not “especially” useful as a surgical anaesthetic, says Lubarsky, so its shortage has little impact on patient care.
On 15 October, after running out of pentobarbital, Florida executed William Happ using midazolam as the sedative. But midazolam, which is similar to diazepam (Valium), had never been used in an execution, and, according to media reports, Happ was still blinking and moving their head minutes after the injection.
Nobody knows whether midazolam is appropriate for lethal injections, says Lubarsky. “We've turned this into a circus of experimenting on prisoners,” they say. “The state is playing doctor without any regard for efficacy. It changes protocols willy-nilly.” The drug is not a good anaesthetic, they say, and it may not shield prisoners from the pain of the final injection.
Although midazolam has now entered the realm of capital punishment, it is unlikely that surgical supplies will be affected. Hospira is one of many companies that makes midazolam and has no plans to stop, says Dan Rosenberg, a company spokesperson. Rosenberg would not say where Hospira makes midazolam, but they say that European regulations “aren't an issue”.
Meanwhile, Missouri has suspended another execution, scheduled for 20 November, while it tries to find an alternative to propofol. Lubarsky notes that although a single, large dose of propofol could work as a method of execution, its use in US prisons would be problematic because it could be complex to administer and physicians are generally not willing to participate in the process (see Nature 441, 8–9; 2006). “Putting together a foolproof protocol that could be carried out by prison guards with high-school educations is another matter entirely,” they say.
GIMP is an open source Image editing tool. There is a feature to create a slide show in GIMP with the output as Animated GIF format. It can be done in a few mouse clicks. My system is Ubuntu 10.04 with GIMP 2.6.8.
Here is the step-by-step tutorial on this.
Step-1: GIMP -> File -> Open as Layers… -> Multiple select your pictures
Step-2 (optional): If you want to resize all pictures at once, to create a smaller slide show animation: Image -> Scale Image… -> Adjust width and height as you like -> Scale.
Step-3: File -> Save As… -> Select File Type -> GIF Image (.gif) -> Save
Step-4: Export File dialog -> Save as Animation -> Export
Step-5: Save as GIF dialog -> Select “Use delay entered above for all frames” and “Use disposal entered above for all frames” -> Delay between frames where unspecified as time in millisecond as you like (I have selected 3seconds, so 3000ms) -> Save
That is it. Now you have your animated GIF file as slide show. The below shown California Nature Slide show created this way.
Share this post
An Endless Sporadic have made their new album Magic Machine available to stream in full with Prog.
The band led by Zach Kamins issue their second album on September 16 (Friday) and it can be heard in its entirety below.
Magic Machine features guest appearances from Dream Theater keyboardist Jordan Rudess and Flower Kings mainman Roine Stolt.
Kamins previously said it's a concerted effort to “bring out the true intention” of their band name.
They added: “I've always had a passion for music that was part of a bigger story, where ideas can take time to develop and be presented in many different ways.”
Rudess said: “Zach has an enormous musical talent that I've been aware of for a long time. It was my pleasure to play some tracks on Magic Machine, as well as to be part of this important step in their career journey.
“The album is filled with awesome compositions and great playing.”
Other guests on Magic Machine include Michael Iago Mellender of Sleepytime Gorilla Museum and Navene K from Animals As Leaders and Entheos.
An Endless Sporadic Magic Machine tracklist
The Departure Magic Machine Galactic Tactic Finding The Falls The Assembly Agile Descent Sky Run Through The Fog Sea Voyage Impulse II
Quiz: Dream Theater, Dixie Dregs, District 97, Geoff Downes...
Rat Control in Alberta
Rat control in Alberta is administered and co-ordinated by Alberta Agriculture and Food. It was established in 1950 to keep Alberta free of Norway rats (seeRAT), which were introduced to the east coast of North America in 1775
Rat control in Alberta is administered and co-ordinated by Alberta Agriculture and Food. It was established in 1950 to keep Alberta free of Norway rats (see rat), which were introduced to the east coast of North America in 1775 and spread westward. They entered Saskatchewan about 1919 and moved northwest at about 24 km per year. They were first reported on a farm on the eastern Alberta border in 1950, and 30 rat infestations had been confirmed along 180 km of Alberta's eastern border by fall 1951. The Agricultural Pest Act of Alberta (1942) authorized the minister of agriculture to designate as a pest any animal likely to destroy crops or livestock, and declared that landowners and municipalities must destroy and prevent the establishment of designated pests. A buffer control zone was set up along the Saskatchewan border from Montana to Cold Lake. Municipal pest control officers (PCOs), supported by a public education program and a rat-poisoning program undertaken by a private firm in 1952-53, destroyed all rat infestations found. In 1954 the Department of Agriculture agreed to pay 50% of the salary and expenses of full-time PCOs for each municipality along the eastern border; by 1975 it was paying 100%. The cost of the rat control program rose from $50 000 in 1969-70 to $350 000 in 2006-07. Natural barriers, for example Cypress Hills to the south, the Rocky Mountains to the west and the boreal forest to the north, have halted rat migration into Alberta. Infestations rose to 637 between 1956 and 1959 but then dropped between 1960 to 1980, when they varied from 36 to 216. In 2002 Alberta recorded its 1st year with no rat infestations found. From 2002 to 2007 there were only 2 known infestations of rats. In Alberta it is unlawful for anyone, except research institutions with the appropriate permits, to import, possess or transport live rats, even white laboratory rats. Thus Alberta became the first province to declare itself rat-free.
The owners of the Château Laurier have delivered a public consultation report to city council which they say shows a growing acceptance for the proposed expansion of the iconic hotel after its design first sparked public outcry nearly three months ago.
The expansion project includes two new wings at the back of the hotel to lodge long-term suites, new terraces connected to the hotel's grand ballroom, the greening of the hotel's roofs, a new exterior courtyard and gardens, and the replacement of a 5-storey parking structure with an underground garage with additional spaces.
The report, which the owners of the Château Laurier say marks the end of the pre-consultation process, is based on the feedback they received during a public meeting where the team of architects gave a 45-minute presentation, took questions from the public and unveiled a 3D scale model of the proposed design. Community stakeholders were also consulted privately in September.
The Nov. 17 meeting was attended by 92 people, 56 of which took the time to respond in writing to a questionnaire.
According to the report, the results of the survey show that the overall look of the proposed design and its relationship with the existing Château remain the most divisive aspect of the expansion plan.
Of the 56 respondents, 50 per cent said they agreed with the overall appearance of the proposed additions, while 43 per cent did not. Similarly, 48 per cent agreed with the relationship of the additions with the existing Château, while 43 per cent disagreed. While the survey did not provide room to mark a third option, five per cent of respondents wrote in that they “partially agreed,” according to the report.
The vast majority of respondents, over 90 per cent, agreed with the removal of the old parking structure and the removal of existing loading bays and service area. Additionally, over three-quarters of respondents also agreed with the proposed changes to the entrance on Mackenzie Avenue.
The report included a selective sample of the hand written comments provided by the respondents.
“Overall appearance: close, but not quite!” said one respondent while another told the owners to “Pick a side: blend in or be bold.”
Included among the critical comments from other respondents: “Most unsympathetic to the original style! The Lord Elgin neatly added two wings — why can't you?”; and “Addition has achieved the standards and guidelines principle of being distinct, but I'm not sure about compatible.”
Some considered the revised additions an improvement over the original design and said the 3D scale model helped to visualize it, while others didn't see any change.
“Nothing new,” one comment said. “The maquette was very useful,” and “The model changed my perception entirely,” wrote others. “Much better design then the first, still too tall from Major's Hill Park.”
Related
Others were very pleased with the overall appearance of the proposed additions saying, “Kudos to the design team! Having missed the initial consultation back in September and only relying on media, this project was blown out of proportion as to the fictitious possible effects. It looks great and is long overdue.”
“More people should get informed on this new project before being so negative towards this very important addition to bring the hotel into the future,” another said.
“The Château Laurier hotel is one of my favourite buildings in Ottawa … the architects have been very respectful to its beauty and heart,” and “Thank you for respecting the views of the Château Laurier roof tops and front side facades … the new part of the hotel fits in well and looks terrific,” were two responses from complimentary respondents.
Despite the presentation and 3D scale model, some respondents remained split.
“I'm not an architect so, I may be out of touch with what is doable to make the new development both separate and subordinate to the old. Therefore, I'm in the middle. Perhaps it will grow on me,” one person said.
The report was compiled and delivered to city council on Nov. 21 by Suzanne Valiquet, president of Momentum, an Ottawa firm retained by Vancouver-based Larco Investments Ltd. which represents the owners of the Château Laurier.
“In conclusion, there appears to be an increase in community acceptance at the design approach being taken,” the report said. “As a result Larco Investments Ltd. is concluding the pre-consultation phase for this proposal and will be moving forward with a formal application for site plan control.”
David Jeanes, president and chair of the board at Heritage Ottawa, said they were disappointed to learn that the Château owners have concluded the pre-consultation process.
“This suggests they are not going to make any significant design change,” Jeanes said.
Heritage Ottawa, a non-profit group made up of volunteer experts committed to the conservation of historic buildings in the city, penned a second letter following the public consultation meeting, calling the proposed additions “inappropriate” and “incongruous” with the historical character of the iconic hotel.
The group called on the Château owners to hold a “design charrette” where a group of experts would sit down for an intensive planning session to come up with “a compatible design.”
“It certainly says they're not contemplating anything like what Heritage Ottawa proposed,” Jeanes said. “We find that a bit disappointing.”
smas@postmedia.com
twitter.com/susanamas
The state of Oregon is rationing healthcare to Medicaid recipients, says Gayle Atteberry, the executive director of Oregon Right to Life, following a trend largely encouraged by President Obama's Affordable Care Act. Atteberry recently attended a meeting of the Health Evidence Review Commission (HERC), a committee affiliated with the Oregon Health Authority, and concluded that Oregon's healthcare system is encouraging the denial of medical care.
During the meeting, a new death-panel type guideline was approved. “Death panel” is a term referring to ObamaCare's panel of bureaucrats who decide whether or not certain Americans should receive medical care, through deciding which treatments to cover or not.
The guideline virtually summarizes the description of a death panel, stating, “Treatment with intent to prolong survival is not a covered service for patients who have progressive metastatic cancer.”
According to HERC, “In no instance can it be justified to spend $100,000 in public resources to increase an individual's expected survival by three months when hundreds of thousands of Oregonians are without any form of health insurance.” In effect, the only option for these terminal patients is palliative care, an end-of-life alternative that provides relief from pain, symptoms, and stress of a serious illness. HERC explains:
The new guideline allows payment for curative treatment for nearly all cancer patients. Those patients with very serious, metastatic cancer who have such severe health issues (such as kidney failure or heart failure) that curative chemotherapy would be too toxic for them should not get this type of treatment. Patients who have been given many types of current curative chemotherapy but continue to decline in health and have a very limited ability to care for themselves, should also not get more curative chemotherapy.
The new guideline REQUIRES patients and doctors to have a frank and open discussion about the patient's goals of care and what can really be expected from various care options, including chemotherapy. This conversation needs to cover the harms and side effects of treatments, and allow the patient to make choices about what treatments they or they want based on their or their values, in shared decision making with their or their doctor. This type of discussion has been shown in scientific studies to improve cancer patients' lives and allows these patients to spend more time with their families instead of in hospitals.
Commenting on the rule, Atteberry conceded that the Oregon Health Plan already has a guideline such as this implemented, but claims that the old provision affected a much smaller group. The new, broader guideline will likely be enforced more rigorously — which will transform a more isolated rationing system into a broader, death panel-guided system.
Meanwhile, the Oregon Medicaid system is happy to subsidize assisted suicide, offered to terminal cancer patients as an alternative to life-extending treatments. In 1997, Oregon passed the Death with Dignity Act, which permitted terminally ill residents to terminate their lives through the administration of lethal medications, prescribed by a doctor for that purpose.
Following a steady, upward trend, the number of assisted suicide prescriptions and deaths broke yet another record in 2012, with a 30-percent increase since 2009. That law, too, has come under fire. It is not set up to prevent elder abuse, says Margaret Dore, a lawyer from Seattle and the president of Choice Is an Illusion. In fact, Dore notes, assisted suicide statistics in Oregon are consistent with elder abuse.
“Oregon's assisted suicide law, itself, allows the lethal dose to be administered without oversight,” Dore noted in a blog post earlier this year. “This creates the opportunity for an heir, or someone else who will benefit from the patient's death, to administer the lethal dose to the patient without the patient's consent. Even if they struggled, who would know?”
Even more disturbing, typically persons who take this route of “treatment” are seniors who are middle class or above, a group disproportionately at risk of being financially exploited. “Oregon's law is written so as to allow such abuse to occur without anyone knowing,” Dore continued, adding that statistics on the rate of assisted suicides fall in line with elder abuse.
Coinciding with Oregon's healthcare rationing system, there have been cases where patients have been refused medical treatment and instead offered assisted suicide options. The U.K. Telegraph reported on two Oregon cancer patients where this scenario occurred:
Barbara Wagner had recurrent lung cancer and Randy Stroup had prostate cancer. Both were on Medicaid, the state's health insurance plan for the poor that, like some NHS services, is rationed. The state denied both treatment, but told them it would pay for their assisted suicide. "It dropped my chin to the floor," Stroup told the media. "[How could they] not pay for medication that would help my life, and yet offer to pay to end my life?" (Wagner eventually received free medication from the drug manufacturer. They have since died. The denial of chemotherapy to Stroup was reversed on appeal after their story hit the media.)
Still, ObamaCare proponents and other critics relentlessly attack conservatives and libertarians for painting government-intrusive healthcare laws as a pathway to “death panel” medical care.
Photo of lung cancer
Greenpeace: 985 hectares of virgin forests destroyed in Romania's Fagaras Mountains
In the last three weeks, dozens of Greenpeace activists from 14 European countries have mapped 845 hectares of virgin forests in Fagaras Mountains, Arges county.
Greenpeace will suggest the Romanian authorities to include these forests in the National Catalogue of Virgin and Quasi-virgin Forests established by the Government.
Moreover, the NGO's analysis shows that 985 hectares of virgin forests in the Cumpanita and Cumpana valleys, in Fagaras Mountains, have been destroyed in the last ten years. The figure represents 38.3% of the total 2,575 hectares of virgin forests in the area. The activists point out the fact that the few remaining virgin forests are still under threat, mainly because of logging.
“Greenpeace asks the Romanian Ministry of Environment, Water, and Forests to apply urgently the moratorium imposed by law on all forms of intervention in the forests that can still qualify for inclusion in the Catalog, and thus protected,” reads a Greenpeace statement.
The NGO requires the Government to ban logging in all virgin and quasi-virgin forests until the national inventory is completed.
Romanians can report illegal logging cases on new Greenpeace platform
Irina Popescu, irina.popescu@romania-insider.com
Mr Bahari said Iran was trying to scare opposition activists A reporter for the US magazine Newsweek says they have been sentenced in absentia to 13 years in jail in Iran, after covering opposition protests. Iranian-Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari was jailed in Iran for four months last year, but later freed on bail and allowed to leave the country. Mr Bahari said they had been sentenced to 13 years and six months in jail, plus 74 lashes. They were arrested after reporting on protests over disputed elections. Iran has not commented on the sentencing. The Iranian regime wanted to "scare as many people as possible" to prevent them from taking to the streets to mark the anniversary of the June poll, Mr Bahiri said in an interview with the Associated Press. Bloody protests Scores of protesters died in clashes with security forces during protests in the wake of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's re-election on 12 June 2009. Reformists claimed the election had been rigged, a charge the government denied. Mr Bahari said the Revolutionary Court that sentenced them had not informed them formally, but they had heard the news from a relative present at the court. The charges included unlawful assembly and conspiring against the state, collection secret documents, one year for propagandising against the system, insulting the Supreme Leader and the president, and disrupting public order, Mr Bahari wrote in Newsweek. They said more than 30 journalists, writers and bloggers were still being held in Iranian prisons. Five Iranian activists were hung over the weekend. Mr Bahari, 42, is a reporter and documentary maker who had been accredited to work in Iran for more than a decade. They were released in October on bail of 3 billion rials ($300,000) and allowed to travel to London, where their wife was due to give birth. Another critic being held by the Iranians is film-maker Jafar Panahi. They were due to be a judge at this year's Cannes Film festival. At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since last year's disputed elections, although the opposition says more than 70 have died. Thousands have been detained and some 200 activists remain behind bars. At least nine have been sentenced to death, and two have been executed already
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bitnation, a blockchain-based “Governance 2.0” initiative with a collaborative platform for DIY governance, has launched its Decentralised Borderless Voluntary Nation (DBVN) Constitution using Ethereum, International Business Times reports.
The Bitnation Constitution was launched at a public event in Rio de Janeiro, hosted by Bitnation founder Susanne Tarkowski Tempelhof and Alex Van de Sande, lead designer at the Ethereum Foundation. The video of the Bitnation Constitution launch event, promoted on Facebook as “Create Your Own Nation In 140 Lines Of Code,” was streamed live and is now online on YouTube.
Bitnation launched several pathfinders and proofs of concept including the first marriage registered on the blockchain and the first blockchain passport. The organization also developed and tested workable DIY land titles recorded on the blockchain in Ghana, where 70 percent of land lacks proper title, preventing investment and borrowing in real property markets. In November, Bitnation partnered with the Estonian government to offer a public notary service to Estonian e-residents based on blockchain technology.
In a recent U.N. working paper covered by Bitcoin Magazine, Brett Scott, the author of The Heretic's Guide to Global Finance: Hacking the Future of Money, praised Bitnation's pioneering work on blockchain-based land-titles. “Bitnation has presented a vision – at least in principle – of hosting completely alternative state institutions (such as security and legal institutions) on blockchain systems, describing states as governance service providers that might be outcompeted by technological platforms,” they noted.
At the same time, Scott, whose vision is centered on a communitarian, social-libertarian approach, criticized Bitnation's vision of a future stateless society as an extreme techno-libertarian position. According to Scott, modern democratic states can represent the interests of all.
Bitcoin Magazine reached out to Tarkowski Tempelhof and asked about their reactions to Scott's paper.
"The left-versus-right-wing libertarian debate is rather pointless, in my opinion, because on a free market for governance, you can choose whichever economic model you prefer,” said Tarkowski Tempelhof. “For instance, you can choose to live in a communist commune like a Kibbutz will full economic redistribution, or a capitalist city like Hong Kong or Singapore centered around trade, commerce and private companies. Or you could choose a combination of the two. Having a free market doesn't imply any specific economic model."
Here Tarkowski Tempelhof, a globetrotter who moves around the planet a lot and can feel at home everywhere, is proposing to do away with geographically localized nation states and replace them with distributed opt-in governance systems. Them vision is very appealing to techno-libertarians and fans of John Perry Barlow's manifesto “A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace,” which was cited at the launch event in Rio de Janeiro. Of course, the devil is in the details: how to peacefully handle a dispute between persons who subscribe to different, independent distributed governance systems?
“The reputation system acts as an incentive mechanism to solve disputes,” answers Tarkowski Tempelhof. “Hence, if we have different legal codes, we are incentivized to agree upon one legal code and arbitrator for the specific dispute. If one of the parties refuse to cooperate to solve the dispute, it will be reflected in their reputation. And if people create an unnecessary amount of disputes, being a time and energy drain on other people, that will also be reflected in the reputation.”
One of the strongest objections to technocracy made by Scott in the U.N. paper is that smart contracts defined by algorithms alone without human mediation can be too inflexible.
"Contracts are representations of frequently ambiguous, unpredictable and messy relationships between imperfect humans with imperfect knowledge,” says Scott. “Such relationships cannot easily be pre-programmed, and much of the work of lawyers involves resolving and interpreting contracts in light of changing realities. Building systems that seek to move away from such politicized negotiation can sound utopian, but might equally lead to situations of inflexible technocracy.”
"To say that technology is inflexible, and not always adapted to human nature, is an important point to take into account,” concedes Tarkowski Tempelhof. “We shouldn't attempt to pre-program more than what's needed.
“Rather, all laws should compete on a free market, and be subject to the same reputation as people are, or nations or holons are,” is the solution that Tarkowski Tempelhof proposes. “That way, people can choose the law that fits them best, in each individual situation. In addition to temporary, reputation-based laws, Bitnation is also developing a platform with a significant human focus – core to our service proposition is using human arbitrators, and flexible, soft coded contracts done intuitively by all participants in the agreement.”
Bitcoin Magazine asked Tarkowski Tempelhof to summarize their long-term, 50-plus-year vision for Bitnation.
“I believe the nation state oligopoly is being phased out naturally, due to the forces of globalization, and we're obviously trying to help fast-forward that process,” says Tarkowski Tempelhof. “But the question is what comes after it? Everything indicates it will be replaced by an even worse one-fit-all governance model, like the U.N., which will lead to perpetual war between people who simply wish to live life as they want, with their own legal code, their own lifestyle. Bitnation counters that dystopian future through creating an open-source nation model, that everyone can fork, to create their own nation. We believe we'll make both nation states governments, and organizations like the U.N. irrelevant, simply through providing cheaper, more secure and better Do-It-Yourself governance services.”
Anticipating that many techno-libertarian readers will find Bitnation's vision energizing and wonder how to join, we asked Tarkowski Tempelhof how to become a citizen of Bitnation, and what is expected from Bitnation citizens.
“You have to sign on the constitution, and you have to own some cryptoequity (though owning cryptoequity doesn't automatically make you a citizen),” explains Tarkowski Tempelhof. “You can get cryptoequity either through buying it, or earning it through contributing with work. The equity pays you profit dividend. Later on we'll enable a system where people can contribute with computing power as well, as the computing power of its citizens is basically the closest thing a virtual nation has to a natural resource, in the same way a nation state has gas or oil. It's important to note, however, that you don't need to be a citizen of Bitnation to use our services. Being a citizen only means contributing to Bitnation's development, and getting dividend in return.”
The Bitnation Constitution is online on Github.
“But I was a fool then,” they continue. “I thought Nazis were crazy people, stupid fanatics. Unfortunately it was not so. They knew they were not strong enough to conquer a unified country, so they split Germany into small groups. They used prejudice as a practical weapon to cripple the nation.”
There ends the viral clip. But the original, 17-minute film Don't Be a Sucker—which can be viewed in full below—continues, slipping into a short history of the rise of the Nazi Party in Germany. We see the movement evolve from an angry group of men in the streets to a party organization armed with an official state paramilitary. There's a montage of Nazi crimes: A Jewish shop owner is carried away by police officers, a group of union members are attacked, and a college professor is arrested after telling their students that there is no scientific basis for the existence of a “master race.” (The version below is from the film's 1947 rerelease.)*
Michael Oman-Reagan, an anthropologist and researcher in British Columbia, was the first to post the clip on Saturday evening, in a tweet comparing the orator's rhetoric to President Donald Trump's. Their post has since been retweeted more than 85,000 times.
But they were not alone in linking the events in Charlottesville to the Second World War. Orrin Hatch, a Republican of Utah and the president pro tempore of the Senate, said in a tweet on Saturday: “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home.”
What makes the film so remarkable? It's not as if Don't Be a Sucker encapsulates some lost golden age of American anti-racism. Indeed the contradictions of the 1940s are inseparable from the film. In its opening montage, it shows a multiethnic group of kids—white, black, and East Asian—playing baseball. Yet in 1943, the same year it was released, the U.S. federal government kept more than 100,000 Americans imprisoned solely for the crime of being Japanese. And it was on its way to implementing one of the great anti-black wealth transfers of American history.
Still, Don't Be a Sucker seems wise. It seems to know how democratic solidarity falters, how prejudice and factionalism can fracture a nation, and how all these forces might manifest in the United States of America. This wisdom may have emerged from simple practicality: Though the U.S. Army and Navy remained segregated for another five years, they were already vast and diverse enterprises by 1943. Simply put, different people had to work together to win the Second World War. The same was true of the whole country.
And in that, Don't Be a Sucker may point to a deeper driver of the American experiment in multi-ethnic democracy. Building a diverse commonwealth has never been just an idealistic aspiration or moral avocation. It has been a requirement of the republic's survival—the sole remedy to the cancer of white supremacy.
* This article has been updated to clarify that the clip is from the 1947 rerelease of the film.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
DIGHTON — Chief Gray Wolf Heart stood packing portraits of the all the chiefs who've served before him.
“We have a lot of good memories here. We have a lot of emotion involved in this building and the town, but we've been asked to leave, so we'll be leaving with pride and dignity,” said Chief Gray Wolf Heart — whose non-Native name is Leroy Crossman — as they stood in the Grange Hall next door to Town Hall on Somerset Avenue.
In a letter dated Aug. 8, selectmen, who double as the town's Board of Health, sent the Dighton Intertribal Council a letter telling them they must vacate the Grange Hall by Sept. 12 because the space is needed for town offices.
“It was a difficult decision. They've been good neighbors next door for years,” Selectman Nancy Goulart said Thursday.
But the town recently approved the creation of a separate Board of Health from selectmen and hiring of a town administrator, and Town Hall is already cramped, they said.
“We can't just keep putting more people into Town Hall,” they said.
The Dighton Intertribal Council is a non-profit organization with members from around the area, including Dighton, Taunton, Raynham, Berkley, Fall River, Somerset, New Bedford, Freetown, Lakeville, Middleboro, Attleboro, Falmouth, Warren, Rhode Island, and as far away as Florida, according to Roger Desrosiers, an elder on the Intertribal Council whose Native name is Gray Fox.
Crossman said they have already begun the process of searching for a new meeting hall but does not have anything definite lined up yet, they said. One thing is certain. With or without a meeting hall, the Council will continue.
“They put us out of the building but they won't put us out of existence. We have signs on our cars that say, ‘We're still here,'” Crossman said Thursday.
A proud tradition
The Intertribal Council, which has 80 to 90 members, Crossman said, has been the sole occupant of the historic white wooden building at 1111 Somerset Ave. since at least 1991 when the Council signed a five-year lease with the town. The town charges the Council no rent but the Council pays its own utilities and insurance and takes care of routine maintenance on the building.
The Grange is a simple structure, with wide plank floors and high ceilings in its one large open meeting hall, where sun streams in the many windows. Its wooden benches are draped in colorful blankets and portraits of past Council chiefs line the walls.
Within those walls, there has been much laughter, music and conversation, members said. Council members hold monthly socials and plan the Council's three annual pow wows held in the adjacent field behind Town Hall every spring, summer and fall for decades. And on Sunday afternoons, Chief Gray Wolf Heart teaches Native crafts spread out on the long tables in the meeting room free of charge, they said. All are welcome.
“We are Native. We are proud and servient to the creator and if the creator doesn't want us to be here then we don't want to be here. I believe we'll find a better place,” Crossman, a Dighton resident, said Thursday.
Bursting at the seams
The Aug. 8 letter was a follow-up to a meeting between selectmen and members of the Council on Aug. 3 at which town officials notified the Council of the decision to use the Grange Hall for town office space, Goulart said.
According to the letter, the original lease expired on Dec. 17, 1996 and was never re-newed, rendering the Intertribal Council a “tenant at will.”
“Due to the town's need for additional office and meeting space as discussed during our meeting, this letter is to officially notify you that the Dighton Intertribal Council must vacate the Grange Hall by September 12, 2016,” the letter states.
Goulart said Town Hall, erected in the 1970s, is bursting at the seams due to population and construction growth and the resulting expansion of town departments.
“We don't foresee an addition to Town Hall any time soon and that's the only office space available on the same campus as Town Hall,” Goulart said Thursday.
They said an addition to Town Hall would be costly and selectmen would like to keep all offices in close proximity to each other for the convenience of residents in need of town services. Grange Hall is the only viable option, they said.
When Town Hall was built, a single person served as town clerk, treasurer and collector and that person had one assistant. The town has grown so much it now takes five people to perform those duties, they said.
And that's just one example of how the town has grown.
Down the corridor, the building inspector and veterans agent are forced to share an office, but that's a problem when the veterans agent has to hold a confidential meeting with a client, they said.
And then there's the planned addition of a separate Board of Health and new town administrator, all of whom will need work space, they said.
“With the change in the workload, it's tight in there,” Goulart said.
No decisions have been made yet as to which departments will move from Town Hall into the Grange Hall, which previously served as Dighton's town hall many years ago, Goulart said.
End of an era
In addition to the eviction notice, the Aug. 8 letter also rescinded permission for the Council to hold its October pow wow behind Town Hall based on a health code violation found at the July pow wow, Goulart said.
Goulart said the eviction and the pow wows are completely separate issues and the health code violation in no way played a role in the notice to vacate.
Because the July pow wow included a food vendor, the town's health inspector had to inspect the site, Goulart said. When they did, they found a “slop bucket” with human waste in one of the campers, they said. That is a health code violation, they said. Portable toilets were set up on the grounds for use by anyone involved in the pow wow, they said.
“That is a serious violation,” Goulart said.
A few years ago, the town had also received a report that someone involved in one of the pow wows had dumped raw sewage at the back of the field behind town hall, they said.
In addition, they said, the town had given the Council permission to plug into Town Hall electricity for the PA system in July. But someone in one of the campers also hooked up to the electricity, as well as the building's outdoor water spigot, without permission, they said.
“We feel that based on health code violations and demands placed on town employees and officials prior to and during your last two events, it would be in the best interests of the town to take this action,” the Aug. 8 letter states regarding withdrawing permission to hold the October pow wow.
Crossman said the Council has held dozens of pow wows over the years and has always made every effort to be considerate and respectful.
They said the incident a few years ago took place at a pow wow that was not hosted by the Council. The hosts did not have their own insurance, so they allowed them to use the Council's and was held responsible, as a result, for the incident, they said.
As to the incident in July, they said it involved an elderly, disabled member of the Council whose husband was planning to empty the pail into the portable toilet in the morning and the camper was nowhere near the food area. They did not consider it a health hazard but an allowance made for someone's needs who wanted to participate.
Crossman said one thing is certain. The tradition of Dighton Intertribal pow wows will continue and he's determined that there will be one in October as scheduled.
“We don't know where but we will have a pow wow,” Crossman said.
Deep roots
On Thursday, Chief Gray Wolf Heart was carefully taking down photographs and paintings from the walls in the Grange Hall to wrap and pack away. Some are of past chiefs. One is of an eagle landing. And then there's a framed photograph taken by Nancy Goulart in 1984 of the Council Oak.
The mighty tree, located near the intersection of Main and Milk streets, is hundreds of years old and sits on sacred land, according to Desrosiers, flight attendant of the Council Oak and a Somerset resident.
Metacomet held meetings there and the Dighton town charter was signed under its branches, they said. Massasoit made the decision to let the Pilgrims stay in Plymouth under that very tree, they said. To honor it, one of the Intertribal Council's annual pow wows is named after the Council Oak, which appears on the Dighton town seal.
The pow wows are not fundraisers for the Council, Crossman said. The vendors who attend make a profit. But the rents the Council charges the vendors do not even cover their costs, Crossman said. They are not meant to. The pow wows are not commercial events. They are cultural gatherings, they said.
“They are an introduction to the traditions and culture of Native life. Every dance is a prayer. Each offering of tobacco is a prayer,” Crossman said.
Desrosiers, who tends the sacred fire at the Council's pow wows, must stay awake for two straight days to do so.
“If the fire goes out, the pow wow is over. The circle is like our church,” they said.
Desrosiers said intertribal councils play an indispensible role in the lives of Native people. They allow people who may have moved away from the tribe of their ancestors to participate in broader Native culture.
Crossman said they are determined to respond to the town's decision with grace and dignity – though it stings.
“We are hurt,” Crossman said.
“Hurt, but not revengeful,” Desrosiers added.
Crossman said more than 1,000 Native people have reached out via email and social media in support of the Council as word spread of the eviction. Some urged them to fight the decision legally, but they said that is out of the question.
It takes two to argue and they won't be one of them. That is not what the Council stands for, they said.
On Sept. 12, the Dighton Intertribal Council's last day in the Grange Hall after at least 25 years of calling it home, they are hoping all of those supporters will turn out.
They will march out of the Grange Hall for the last time, he's hoping one thousand Native people strong, in full regalia, in total silence except for the sound of drumming, without a hint of conflict or harshness.
“We will be marching out of here on the 12th of September in peace,” Chief Gray Wolf Heart said.
Twitter
Bloomberg Sports, in combination with Opta Sports data, has put together a predicted Premier League table for the 2014/15 season, which points to Liverpool being the team to miss out on the top four.
The table predicts a tight race for the title, with Chelsea first and Manchester City second. Arsenal and Manchester United round out the top four spots.
At the other end of the table, Burnley, QPR and Aston Villa are the tips for relegation.
How did Bloomberg Sports calculate all of this? Per its website:
Once each team is given its distinctive Bloomberg Sports rating, we simulate each match of the season 100,000 times in order to provide a projection for the level of success expected for each club. The simulation eliminates ambiguity in the league table, and provides an accurate projection as a result of its large sample size.
Fascinating—but a little disheartening if you like a bit of unpredictability.
According to the findings, only seven teams have any chance of winning the Premier League this season (Spurs and Everton have a combined 1 percent chance). None of the top seven have even a 0.1 percent chance of going down.
If you want to hope for something freakish to happen, then how about Stoke reaching the Champions League?
According to the data, there's a 0.1 percent chance that the Potters will crack the top four this season.
You heard it here first.
[BSports]
Monday on CNN's “New Day,” Randall Stephenson, the chairperson and CEO of AT&T made an appearance with current Time Warner chairperson and CEO Jeff Bewkes to promote the merger of AT&T and Time Warner.
Stephenson pledged an “independent” CNN, one of Time Warner's properties, should the merger proceed.
“I watch how Jeff manages this business today and I think it's a model of how we want to manage it in the future,” Stephenson said. “And look, I think of a brand like CNN and the key variable of your brand is your brand is your independence. And when people watch CNN, are they getting an independent assessment in reporting of the news. The last thing we want to do as AT&T is in anyway taint that in the slightest bit.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
The Federal Communications Commission has just slapped a $750,000 fine on Wi-Fi provider that routinely blocked people in hotels and convention centers across the US from setting up their own mobile hotspots.
The company, Smart City, provided Wi-Fi services to hotels and convention centers in cities Columbus, Ohio, and Phoenix, Arizona, and charged $80 per day for the privilege of connecting to the network. If the company detected a third-party Wi-Fi network, such as the kind broadcast by mobile hotspots and many smartphones (data plan permitting), it would use specialized equipment to block the third-party Wi-Fi signals in an effort to move these people to its own network. Not nice, no.
The FCC, which was first alerted to the issue in June 2014, was not amused, and said today that it was putting "on notice" any company that unlawfully blocks consumers' Wi-Fi.
In a statement provided to Motherboard, Smart City President Mark Haley said the company "has always acted in good faith, and [had] no prior notice that the FCC considered the use of this standardized, 'available-out-of-the-box' technology to be a violation of its rules," and that it immediately stopped using the technology once contacted by the FCC. The company also stressed that fewer than "one percent of all devices" were blocked using the technology.
This isn't the first time the FCC fined a company for blocking Wi-Fi, with the regulator making headlines in late 2014 after it fined the Marriott hotel chain $600,000 for similar blocking guests' personal Wi-Fi networks.
Update 8/18: This post has been updated to include a statement from Smart City.
Lieutenant General Gadi Eisenkot, the head of the Israeli army, had just said publicly in an interview with a Saudi journalist that they are ready to share (read: probably already has shared) intelligence with
You could sense mouths dropping across the world on Thursday.Lieutenant General Gadi Eisenkot, the head of the Israeli army, had just said publicly in an interview with a Saudi journalist that they are ready to share (read: probably already has shared) intelligence with Saudi Arabia
Be the first to know - Join our Facebook page. Like 910K
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Shock, that a country that not so long ago was a mortal enemy of Israel's – and still in many conversations, such as regarding the Palestinians, is ready to condemn Israel – could be on the receiving end of some of the Mossad's and the IDF's greatest secrets.Maybe we are all still sleeping and dreaming?No, it is very real. And according to two top intelligence and national security experts, Ram Ben-Barak and Yaakov Amidror, this bombshell is far more a confirmation of a clear and continuous trend than might appear to the untrained eye.Ben-Barak is former deputy chief of the Mossad and former director-general of the Strategic Affairs Ministry.Amidror is a former national security adviser, major general and currently at the Jerusalem Institute for Strategic Studies.Ben-Barak said Eisenkot's announcement was “not a surprise. The Saudis are struggling against terror, I slamic extremism and Iran's extending itself throughout the region. This worries us and them. When you have unity of enough interests, it is natural to work together more on a partnering basis than just on one isolated interest.”He said that “If we can stop someone or if we can give intelligence to them to stop” a common adversary and “also to collect intelligence and work together on bigger things related to the Shi'ites and to processes related to Judea and Samaria,” these were all worthwhile endeavors.Asked about reciprocation, the former deputy Mossad chief said, “cooperation is always a two-way street,” explaining that Eisenkot's statement should be taken to mean Israel is “ready to both give and receive – this is how it works with all intelligence organizations.”Of course, this still leaves open what the intelligence sharing parameters will be. Even with its closest allies, a country usually does not share every piece of intelligence.Ben-Barak said that the “system for setting parameters of sharing is very organized and exact about what can be shared and how it can be shared. It is not at the discretion of a lower level agent. There are decisions about what is important and what is not. When information is shared it relates to something happening,” and to a goal that the state focuses on achieving.In terms of how information is shared, they said that “sensitive information is usually given over orally,” as opposed to large amounts of less sensitive intelligence which the US and Israel share on an automated, electronic basis. Still, Ben-Barak did not think that one could assume that the new level of publicly endorsed intelligence cooperation meant that Israel would necessarily, for example, get the green light from the Saudis to fly through their airspace to attack Iran's nuclear facilities They did not discount such a possibility if “relations get warmer over time,” but said that overflights were a “very advanced level” of cooperation.Amidror echoed some similar messages, but also emphasized key points of their own.He said what was important about the event, was not so much that Eisenkot said they were ready to share intelligence with the Saudis, but more importantly that Saudi Arabia had permitted or even sent one of its journalists to publicly travel to Tel Aviv to meet with the current IDF chief.The former National Security Council chief said Saudis had met with other former top Israeli officials like Amos Yadlin, Dore Gold and themselves (he met with former head of Saudi intelligence Turki bin-Faisal al-Saud in Washington, DC, last year), but not with current ones, at least in public. “Someone in Saudi Arabia understands that relations with Israel need to change... they have crossed the rubicon,” they said.He added that, “the IDF has never had a problem with giving intelligence to actors [who] are fighting with Iran or ISIS. Any actor in the world who comes to fight Iran and says I need something to fight them,” Israel would be likely to cooperate “to fight such a common enemy.”Amidror agreed that Israel giving intelligence to the Saudis does not mean it has gotten something back, like the right to fly through Saudi airspace toward Iran. But they went even further, saying that “there could be a condition of exchanging intelligence, but not necessarily.” Meaning, Israel helping another country fight Iran is its own reward for Israeli interests, possibly even without immediate reciprocity.Neither Ben-Barak nor Amidror said that Eisenkot's statement was directly connected to the current proxy conflict between Iran and Saudi Arabia over Lebanon, although the timing coincided closely with the conflict over former Lebanese prime minister Saad Al-Hariri.Iran and the Saudis are putting pressure on Hariri to either officially resign as prime minister (the Saudis) or remain in office to help legitimize Hezbollah (Iran).Amidror said Hezbollah had used Hariri to make Lebanon “appear to be a normal state when really there is an organization there called Hezbollah without whom you can do nothing.”He said Hariri's move “had shown there is not really a state of Lebanon separate from Hezbollah... they have lost their camouflage.”This was a view which Israel had long expressed and which they said the Saudis and Hariri's move had now proven correct.He added with some flare that if Hariri goes back to Lebanon, “he should have good life insurance.”Likewise, Ben-Barak said they thought that Hariri faced “a serious threat” from Iran and Hezbollah and that the Saudis had not held them hostage, even if “there was Saudi pressure on them to do what they did.”He said, “Hezbollah wants to be a legitimate part of the political process in Lebanon. In fact, Hariri's father [Rafic Al-Hariri, one of Lebanon's previous prime ministers] disturbed them, and now the son has revealed their true selves – that they are not part of Lebanon. It is very embarrassing” for Hezbollah.Ben-Barak was also unsure whether Hariri would really return to Lebanon.He said that the Saudis' actions in the affair show “they are ready for conflict and not compromise” with Iran.
Faced with a North Korean regime bent on developing a nuclear-armed long-range missile, President Obama will meet Thursday in Washington with several world leaders -- including those of China, Japan and South Korea -- in an effort to hammer out a "united" response.
In a Washington Post opinion piece, Obama called for the international community to “remain united in the face of North Korea's continued provocations.”
“The additional sanctions recently imposed on Pyongyang by the United Nations Security Council show that violations have consequences,” Obama said.
North Korea launched a short-range projectile Tuesday, the latest in a series of short-range missile launches and artillery system tests from the dictatorship.
South Korean officials said it was not clear whether the test was a ballistic missile or an artillery shell, but officials told the Associated Press the test was likely in response to increased military drills from South Korea.
A North Korean nuclear test in January as well a long-range missile launch in February ramped up tensions between Pyongyang and Seoul, leading to larger military drills from South Korea.
At the summit, Obama is scheduled to meet with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean resident Park Geun-hye. Both U.S. allies share anxiety over neighboring North Korea.
Obama also will hold meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping and French President Francois Holland.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Tell me what you think about suicide.. have you ever wished it?
Funny thing about suicide, it seems like most people who go through with it, or attempt it, strongly assume that it'll be better once you die. If that isn't stubborn optimism, I don't know what is. It's a bit of a contradiction if you look at it, in my opinion at least.
I mean, what if death is actually even more difficult than life?
Obviously nobody can tell, but I don't really see why it wouldn't be a “from the pan into the fire” situation, really.
One thing I believe in though, nature is all about balance, just look around you, the evidence is plentiful. With this in mind, I usually believe that whatever challenge comes my way is meant for me to go through, in order to learn and improve myself.
I also believe that nothing ever disappears, it only every transform (it's actually scientific observations, look it up). Therefore, I don't think that living or dying will make a difference with regards to whatever challenge my being needs to go through.
But yeah, sure, I thought about suicide the first time I hit a hard wall. But then you grow up and understand that challenges are part of life and there to help you become a better person during your life and possibly even beyond.
I also believe that if everyone took their own life whenever they hit a hard wall, we either wouldn't be a very advanced species or potentially extinct even.
Besides, there's way too much to experience during life in this realm, why rush into what's next?
Story highlights Sgt. Timothy Owens was killed in the shooting, their family says
Gunman Ivan Lopez kills three people, wounds 16 others at the Army post
Commanding general: We believe psychiatric issues were a "causal factor"
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel: "Obviously something went wrong"
A day after a shooting rampage at Fort Hood, Texas, left three soldiers dead and 16 wounded, a key question looms over the investigation: Why?
might have made 34-year-old Authorities are still piecing together the answer, but seem to be homing in on at least one thing that they saymight have made 34-year-old Spc. Ivan Lopez pull the trigger.
"We have very strong evidence that they had a medical history that indicates an unstable psychiatric or psychological condition. (We're) going through all records to ensure that is, in fact, correct. But we believe that to be the fundamental underlying causal factor," Lt. Gen. Mark Milley, the post's commanding general, told reporters Thursday.
The rampage started around 4 p.m. Wednesday, when Lopez fired their .45-caliber handgun at two buildings at the sprawling Texas military facility. When a police officer confronted them later, they put the gun to their head and pulled the trigger, ending their lives.
Photos: Fort Hood shooting Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Luci Hamlin and their husband, Spc. Timothy Hamlin, wait to get back to their home at Fort Hood after a shooting at the Texas Army post on Wednesday, April 2. Multiple people were killed and others injured when a shooter opened fire, a senior military official and law enforcement official told CNN. The officials said the suspected shooter was among the dead. Hide Caption 1 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A police officer checks drivers' IDs outside the main gate at Fort Hood. Hide Caption 2 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Krystina Cassidy and Dianna Simpson, waiting outside the Bernie Beck Gate at Fort Hood, try to contact their husbands, who are stationed at the post. Hide Caption 3 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A Bell County Sheriff's Department official stands near a vehicle as cars are checked at the Bernie Beck Gate. Hide Caption 4 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – An ambulance makes its way to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 5 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military personnel and civilians wait outside Fort Hood for updates on the situation. Hide Caption 6 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Vehicles wait at a closed entrance to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 7 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A military police officer stops a car. Hide Caption 8 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Traffic near the main gate of Fort Hood. Hide Caption 9 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Lt. Savanah Hess, a nurse, waits in their car to enter the locked-down post. Hide Caption 10 of 11 Photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military police direct traffic outside Fort Hood. Hide Caption 11 of 11
JUST WATCHED 4 dead, 16 wounded in Fort Hood shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 4 dead, 16 wounded in Fort Hood shooting 01:40
JUST WATCHED Fort Hood confirms active shooter on base Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fort Hood confirms active shooter on base 02:18
Authorities are interviewing witnesses and "looking at what the trigger event was" that led to the shooting, including a possible altercation with a fellow soldier "that immediately preceded the shooting," Milley said.
Investigators say they haven't found any links to domestic or international terrorist organizations, but they're keeping open minds.
"At this point we have not yet ruled out anything whatsoever," Milley said. "We are committed to letting the investigation run its course."
Another key question for investigators: did any gaps in safety and security measures allow the shooting to take place?
"Obviously something went wrong," U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters on Thursday.
But they stressed that investigators were still trying to piece together the events leading up to the shooting.
"We know a lot of things 24 hours later, but we don't know everything," Hagel said. "What happened? What motivated this person to do this? Where was the gap? Why did we have a gap? Why did it happen? ... I think we are going to find out, and we will do everything possible to implement those reforms and fill those kinds of gaps."
Lopez had a history of depression, anxiety
The native of Puerto Rico enlisted in the Army as an infantry soldier and was deployed twice, including a four-month stint in Iraq as a truck driver, Milley said.
They served in the National Guard in Puerto Rico from 1999 until 2010, when they left the Guard to become an active duty infantryman in the U.S. Army.
Before coming to Fort Hood, Lopez served at Fort Bliss in Texas.
Lopez arrived at the Fort Hood in February, moving with their wife and their daughter into an apartment a little more than a week before the shooting.
They appeared to be a normal couple, said neighbor Xanderia Morris. "They would smile whenever they'd see someone," they said.
But behind Lopez's smile lay a history of depression, anxiety and other psychiatric disorders, Milley told reporters. The soldier was receiving treatment and taking antidepressants, Milley said.
They had served for four months in Iraq in 2011. And while Army records don't show them as having been wounded there, Lopez themselves reported that they had suffered a traumatic brain injury, Milley said.
And they were undergoing diagnosis procedures for post-traumatic stress disorder.
"He was not diagnosed, as of today, with PTSD," Milley said.
Arriving at a PTSD diagnosis, which is common among war veterans, can take time.
The shooter "had a clean record" behaviorally, Army Secretary John McHugh said. There were "no major misbehaviors that we're yet aware of," they said.
Lopez had been prescribed the sedative Ambien, McHugh said.
Though they had been diagnosed with depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances, Lopez gave no sign during a psychiatric exam last month that they were likely to commit violence against themselves or others, McHugh said. "So the plan (going) forward was just to continue to monitor and treat them as deemed appropriate."
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a former senior FBI profiler, warned against blaming mental health problems for the violence.
"I'm really stunned by the general saying that the underlying cause is unstable mental health ... many people in the world have unstable mental health. Many people take Ambien. They don't go out and kill themselves and kill other people," they said. "Unstable mental health can be one of the risk factors for someone deciding that that's what they're going to do. But it's not the only risk factor."
Spree ended as gunman faced police
The rampage started when Lopez walked into an administration building at the base and opened fire. They then got into a car, fired from the vehicle, got out of the car, walked into another nearby administration building and fired again.
JUST WATCHED US officials: Fort Hood shooter is dead Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US officials: Fort Hood shooter is dead 02:43
JUST WATCHED Obama: We will get to the bottom of this Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: We will get to the bottom of this 02:14
During the minutes of gunfire, they killed three and wounded 16 -- all of them Army personnel, Milley said.
Authorities have "no indication at this time" that Lopez was targeting specific soldiers when they opened fire on the Army post, Milley said.
The shootings took place in the medical brigade and the transportation battalion buildings. Lopez was assigned to the 13th Sustainment Command, which deals with logistics.
The base, which has more than 45,000 soldiers and nearly 9,000 civilian employees, went on lockdown in the aftermath of the shooting Wednesday.
People were told to shelter in place.
The all-clear wouldn't go out for another six hours.
Four minutes after the first 911 call, a law enforcement officer arrived at the scene, Milley told reporters on Thursday.
"A short time later," Milley said, they came face to face with Lopez. Both drew their weapons, and Lopez shot themselves in the head, Milley said.
The news hits home
At the Lopez apartment, the shooter's wife was watching the news.
They came out crying, worried about their husband, from whom they had not heard all afternoon. But they had no idea that they were the shooter, said Morris, the neighbor.
"I'm just worried, I'm just worried," Lopez's wife told them
"I tried to console them and comfort her, let them know everything was OK," Morris said.
It was not. When a local TV station identified the dead gunman as Lopez, their widow became "hysterical," Morris said.
Officers picked up Lopez's widow at their apartment near the base in Killeen, and they were cooperating with law enforcement, an FBI official told CNN.
The casualties
Sgt. Timothy Owens was one of the soldiers killed in the shooting, their family said in a statement.
"He was a very outgoing person and enjoyed Taekwondo," the statement said. "He loved their job in the army and was going to make it a career."
Daughter Loredana Owens posted about their father's death on Facebook:
"I still feel like it's all a dream.... Can't feel anything ... I just want everyone to think for a moment .... If you have family your fighting with forgive them, love them, because you never know when there gonna be taken from you ..... I love (you) dad and I hate that you were taken away from me."
Three of the wounded who had been in critical condition were upgraded to serious condition on Thursday, hospital officials said. Six of the soldiers wounded in the shooting had been treated and released from hospitals by Thursday evening.
Doctors said it was too soon to say what the long-term impact of the injuries could be.
Their wounds may heal, said Dr. Matthew Davis, medical director of trauma services at Scott & White Memorial Hospital.
But they predicted that the actions of a man who themselves may have had PTSD will likely be responsible for others experiencing it.
"They will all have significant emotional wounds as they move forward from this, and that's going to be important for us to recognize," they said.
'How can this possibly happen again?'
When they first heard about the shooting, Davis says one thought ran through their mind: "How can this possibly happen again?"
Less than five years ago, the hospital where Davis works treated casualties after Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded another 32 in a November 2009 shooting rampage at Fort Hood.
Hasan was convicted of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder, and a military jury recommended last August that they be put to death.
The former military psychiatrist told a court that they were on a terrorist mission.
Even though authorities haven't found any terrorist ties to Wednesday's shooting, many are comparing it to Hasan's rampage.
"That was so similar, it just tore up my heartstrings," Staff Sgt. Patrick Zeigler told CNN's "New Day" on Thursday.
Zeigler, who is still recovering from four bullet wounds to the head and body from the 2009 Fort Hood shooting, expressed surprise.
"It's just hard to believe that these people that you serve with, who are your brothers in arms, would turn against you," they said. "And it's just incredible that at home, someone in the environment of a military base would decide to do this."
They said security procedures will never suffice to deter someone bent on committing such an act. "It takes somebody brave enough to report these people in order for it to be prevented."
The weapon
Lopez carried out Wednesday's killings with their own gun -- a .45-caliber Smith & Wesson semiautomatic pistol they bought after arriving in Killeen.
By taking it onto the post, they were breaking the rules.
"If you have weapons and you're on base, it's supposed to be registered on base," Milley said. "This weapon was not registered on base."
In addition, people who are not military police are not allowed to walk around with guns on a military base. They are required to store them in an armory.
Both Lopez and Hasan bought their weapons at Guns Galore, a gun store in Killeen, according to U.S. law enforcement officials who have reviewed the records.
Lopez, who had no criminal history, passed the standard background check, they said, adding that the gun store did what was required.
A man who answered the phone Thursday at the store cited the ongoing nature of the investigation and referred a caller to local law enforcement. "We don't have anything to release," said the man, who would not identify himself.
The store also sold ammunition and gunpowder to Pvt. Jason Abdo, an AWOL soldier who was arrested in 2011 for plotting to attack a restaurant near Fort Hood while it was filled with soldiers and their families.
The plot unraveled when the store alerted authorities that Abdo seemed suspicious.  They are serving a sentence of life in prison.
Lessons learned?
Former Army Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford, who was shot seven times by Hasan, says they felt anger and disbelief when they heard about Wednesday's shooting.
"It has been basically five years since our shooting occurred. And here it is, the same base. ... You have to wonder, five years later, have we learned anything from the shootings that happened to us? What progress has been made?" they told CNN's Michael Smerconish. "There has been some (progress) that has been made. Is there room for more? Yes, there is."
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno credited procedures that were put in place after the Hasan massacre for mitigating the carnage that could have resulted Wednesday.
The procedures and responses prevented "something that could have been much, much worse," they told the Senate Armed Services Committee.
But the recurrence weighed on Killeen Mayor Dan Corbin.
"As a community, it's like you've been kicked in the gut," they said. "It can't be happening again."
No community should have to experience such violence once, let alone twice, said John Cornyn, a U.S. senator from Texas.
"Tonight, Texans' hearts are once again very heavy," they said Wednesday. "The scenes coming from Fort Hood today are sadly too familiar and still too fresh in our memories."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Speaking to a gathering of Democratic donors in late March, Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) gamed out the perils of filibustering Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump's nominee to the US Supreme Court, whose confirmation is scheduled for a Senate vote on Thursday afternoon. McCaskill imagined a scenario—one that is barreling toward becoming reality—in which Republicans remove the 60-vote threshold necessary to confirm nominees to the Supreme Court.
“They confirm either Gorsuch or they confirm the one after Gorsuch,” they explained, according to audio that was later leaked to the Kansas City Star “Then, God forbid, Ruth Bader Ginsburg dies, or [Anthony] Kennedy retires or [Stephen] Breyer has a stroke or is no longer able to serve. Then we're not talking about Scalia for Scalia, which is what Gorsuch is, we're talking about Scalia for somebody on the court who shares our values. And then all of a sudden the things I fought for with scars on my back to show for it in this state are in jeopardy.”
McCaskill's warning echoes the case made by several academics in the past few days: It's better to save the filibuster for another day when, perhaps, moderate Republicans would help Democrats keep the arcane Senate rule that makes it possible for a minority party to prevent a vote from occurring if it doesn't get the support of 60 members of the chamber, effectively killing a bill or a Supreme Court nomination. But last Friday, McCaskill, a vulnerable Democrat up for reelection next year in a state Trump won by double digits, announced they would join their Democratic colleagues in filibustering Gorsuch. Them decision, to join every Senate Democrat but three to oppose Gorsuch and dare Republicans to end the filibuster, raises a puzzling question: Given the possibly terrifying likelihood that awaits progressives if they lose the filibuster—not just with Trump's Supreme Court nominee this time, but also with future fights—what's the upside?
Some fear there is none, and that the Democratic Party is rushing toward a decision it will likely regret, at the behest of the party's progressive and increasingly powerful base. A filibuster “prevents a revolt by the base—it's the base here that's not being smart,” said a political consultant who asked not to be named because of a client list that includes Democratic senators. The small donor base and activist core of the party “have boxed these folks in to a position that is not the wisest one.”
“Voting against the filibuster is the same as voting for Gorsuch.”
The pressure began in early March, when progressive groups issued a warning to Senate Democrats for being what they saw as too soft on Gorsuch. “We need you to do better,” a coalition led by NARAL Pro-Choice America wrote in a letter. Indivisible, a new grassroots group that helps people organize locally and contact their representatives, drafted a script for activists to use when calling members of Congress. And the Progressive Campaign Change Committee has been vigilant in going after senators who were slow to get on the filibuster train. An email sent out to the group's listserv in Vermont, for example, attacked Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), a stalwart liberal, for saying he's “not inclined to filibuster.” The email urged constituents to call Leahy and get them to commit to filibustering. “Voting against the filibuster is the same as voting for Gorsuch,” the email said.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), who's best known as a dealmaker rather than as a progressive stalwart, “is not really in a position to go to these people and say, ‘Hey, this isn't really this important, this other one is,' because that triggers the very response he's trying to avoid,” the consultant explained. As with virtually every other Democrat, Schumer does not want to invite the anger of the base by stopping a filibuster. The decision to oppose Gorsuch, and to let Republicans put an end to the filibuster entirely, the consultant said, is more about survival today than long-term planning.
Tad Devine, who served as chief strategist on Bernie Sanders‘ insurgent presidential campaign, considers the base to be the major reason that Democrats should filibuster. To avoid it “would have been a signal that Democrats were willing to engage in business as usual and not willing to mount principled opposition to Trump” and their nominee, they explained.
Devine is looking forward to the midterm elections in 2018. In the past two midterm cycles, Democrats have struggled to turn out their voters and Republicans have won huge victories, taking over dozens of state capitals and governors' mansions, even in blue states. If Democrats didn't take up this fight, they said, they would demoralize their base and risk losing the momentum they have today. “We don't want people who are now coming into the political process, engaging so strongly in support of the Democrats and their opposition to Trump, to be disheartened,” they said. “For Democrats not to do this would have been a potentially catastrophic mistake.”
Beyond the issue of the base, some progressives see more potential upsides in triggering the nuclear option. “This is an exercise of a raw political power grab, and the hope is that the American people see that for what it is in coming elections,” said Neil Sroka, communications director for Democracy for America, a progressive group that is supportive of Democrats' current strategy of filibustering Gorsuch. This is a position echoed by Schumer himself. When asked at a press conference Tuesday what would happen if Republicans ended the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, they responded, “They will lose if they do it.” That's because the voters will see that McConnell “will do anything to get their way,” and Republicans will not be seen as acting in a reasonable or bipartisan fashion. In the long term, Sroka believes progressives will be better off without the filibuster hindering their own nominees when, perhaps after the 2020 elections, Democrats are in a position to pick the next nominee.
All these potential upsides are worth the risk of losing the filibuster, because McCaskill's hope that Republicans won't remove the filibuster in a future Supreme Court battle is a fantasy. “There is a fiction that the filibuster isn't already dead,” says Sroka. “Any vote that Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans take is really just the icing on the cake—this thing has been cooked since Senate Republicans defied any sense of decorum in their treatment of Barack Obama.”
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
We answer your questions!
Hi, soldiers!
Welcome to the Developer Q&A section, in which we're going to publish our most exciting development plans and explanations about how the game mechanics work. Simply and concisely.
Read more in the Feedback and Developer Answers Compilation sections on our official forum.
Aircraft
Not within the next patch. Later, it is possible that we may add some of these aircraft.
It already works how you described in AB, the aircraft's speed in a dive is limited by its maximum indicated airspeed, at which in RB the aircraft is destroyed. For the Yak-3 this is around 720 km/h indicated, while the true speed might be closer to 900 km/h.
Ground vehicles
Yes, we have plans for this. I don't think you'll have to wait very long.
Yes, we plan to expand the current tree for Japanese ground forces, primarily the addition of ATGM's, which are missing in Japan, and of course, a top SPAAG.
We have plans for a SPAAG based on the BTR-152, but I don't think it will be at such a high BR.
That isn't always the case. For many tanks, APCRs provide a significant increase in their ability to knock out targets that were previously invulnerable to them.
It's possible that this will be changed during the next BR change and economy recalculation.
We don't currently have plans for this.
We arrived at the current repair speeds, including for SB, based on the results of reviews in part from players themselves. Initially, the time was much longer. We have no plans to change this.
There are certain difficulties with this, but we still plan to implement the feature.
It is possible that we will add other tanks of the Chinese nation in the form of promotional or premium tanks.
Work on the sounds in game is ongoing. So it is possible.
Yes there are several features we'd like to implement for aircraft. First of all - we will continue creating operating canopies, secondly we are working on animated chassis parts, thirdly - a more realistic bombsight, as for the visuals - we'd like to add exhaust stack flame.
Navy
The shells do fly much farther of course, it's just that the rangefinder doesn't provide a ballistic solution for the angle of elevation at distances greater than 3 km. This is a temporary issue that wasn't particularly problematic for boat skirmishes with automatic cannons, but has become important on large and open maps.
General
We don't have any such plans at the moment. It is to imitate this divide that tankers don't die from any impact, but only from a threshold impact or several small ones that break the threshold together.
The War Thunder Team
They don't make players like DeMarcus Cousins anymore. Mountain-sized centers are supposed to be a dying breed as the game speeds out and spreads up, but Cousins is a rare and loud exception. And after four-plus professional years honing their immense raw talent and figuring out the best ways to throw their 270 pounds around, he's now as liable to outwit opponents as they are to outmuscle them. Even in a cutthroat Western Conference, Boogie stands out as an indisputable star.
Yet, somehow, they were left off the All-Star team by fans and coaches. It wasn't until a day later, when commissioner Adam Silver selected them as Kobe Bryant's injury replacement, that Boogie received the first All-Star bid of their career.
Cousins is a superstar. Most numbers you can throw out there confirm it. So why isn't they recognized as such?
For one, watching Cousins play is often an ugly experience. The effortless cool that most superstars exude on the court isn't there with Cousins. Where players like Stephen Curry or Kevin Durant are inscrutable and placid, Cousins is a bleeding heart. People like their sports heroes to be logical and easy. Cousins is not easy. Sure, they have a calm disposition off the court, but when he's playing, it's unfiltered emotion all the time.
Any foul call on Cousins was at one time met with a yelp of frustration and a comically wide-eyed look of shock. When they barrel through defenders like they're made of balsa wood and dunks through contact, they snarl and swaggers. They habitually break the fourth wall, and that probably makes people feel uncomfortable. But their emotional honesty can be refreshing. In a rapidly homogenizing NBA, stars don't have rough edges. They attempt to adopt a truly neutral countenance so they can be all things to all people, perfectly modular for endorsements, distraction-free blank slates. Cousins doesn't play into this. They feel things and acts on their feelings, like a human person. That up-down cycle has led to some of the dissonance between the troubled DeMarcus Cousins many imagine and the unstoppable one who has a top-10 PER.
Of course, their team being the Sacramento Kings, they have had more occasion for the bad type of yelling. The Maloofs kept hiring lame-duck coaches who were either too harsh (Paul Westphal) or too cuddly (Keith Smart) and they never got a chance for even, coherent development. Losses piled up and they took their frustrations out on teammates and coaches. They even yelled at Spurs announcer Sean Elliott. Early-period Cousins was a singularly difficult player because their talent was so obvious, and yet they couldn't figure out how to use it. They were this big, powerful vein of gold that nobody could mine. For some time, their career was always discussed conditionally: if they figured it out, when someone figured them out.
Cousins found that bad reputation hard to shake. No matter what they did, every action was filtered through the popularly held heuristic that they were a headcase. Positive signs from Cousins went ignored, but when they got mad, it was news. Confirmation bias is sticky like that. The negative noise fed their uneven form on the court, and it became cyclical. When they could avoid early fouls, get touches in the post and maintain a semi-cordial relationship with the officials, Cousins could score on anyone. But those particular stars rarely aligned before this season, and their frustration would grow.
In the NBA, sometimes it's more valuable to be consistently good rather than sporadically great, and their inconsistency made many see a young Zach Randolph or even Derrick Coleman. The old version of Cousins could be unguardable but they could also foul their way off the court in minutes. This tendency toward the dramatic and the precociousness they had with the establishment made them an easy target. It was popularly theorized that they needed to be traded to another team to get in touch with their talents. Bill Simmons openly campaigned for such a move.
Simmons was the earliest prominent acolyte of the cult of Cousins, a group that has since swollen and taken over the basketball Internet. Supporters don't appreciate Cousins in spite of their antics, but because of them. There's a certain rebellious sensibility about Cousins that fans identify with. Unapologetic pure id is a lot more fun to root for than restraint and orthodoxy. That they don't bend to anyone's will only make them more likeable, almost aspirational. Everyone loves a revolutionary.
For Kings fans, it was a more complex matter. Three years into their time with the organization, it was unclear if they would ever capitalize on their potential or if they would remain an unreliable near-star. Even some of the NBA's most thick-skulled loyalist fans -- remember, the city sold out two decades of terrible basketball -- were buying into the idea that Cousins was a problem.
Despite immense talent and production, Cousins still doesn't receive their proper due in NBA circles. AP Images/Rich Pedroncelli
In the summer after taking over from the Maloof family, Vivek Ranadive's new organization let former rookie of the year Tyreke Evans walk and then signed Cousins to a four-year deal worth $62 million. It was a bold and unequivocal sign of support, and the NBA community was wary of giving Cousins the keys to a franchise. That worry seems silly now.
Two years into it, that contract is one of the biggest value deals in the NBA. Cousins has turned into the best offensive post player in the league without sacrificing any of the fire that set them apart in the first place. It's not as if Cousins changed who they were or how they played. They simply got better at it. They dispatch elite defenders, is unbothered by double teams and still verbalizes their dissent or joy at every turn. Their season is all the more impressive considering he's endured the shock firing of their first real NBA coach as well as a two-week absence because of a scary meningitis infection.
The shock-jock portions of the NBA vanguard that refused to accept them still don't, but that opinion looks increasingly sillier every time Cousins has a great game. Cousins' rep with officials has only marginally improved, although respect and the benefit of the doubt tend to follow an All-Star berth. Importantly, Cousins has moved on up through these tribulations, not around them. For all their struggles with perception, they never changed who they are.
What really makes Cousins special is how their neolithic, brute-force game is built on trickery and cunning. They assist a higher percentage of their team's baskets than Marc Gasol and Joakim Noah, both lauded for their passing ability. Cousins is as liable to take a charge as they are to block a shot, making them a very confusing player to attack. The Kings, who are 19.8 points per 100 possessions worse with Cousins on the bench, rely on them to be their scorer, facilitator, defensive fulcrum and spiritual center, all at once. Without him, they are anchorless, drifting off toward oblivion without a clue on either side of the ball. When you gameplan for the Kings, you gameplan for Cousins. You wouldn't expect this holistic dominance from an old-school bruiser like Cousins, but appreciating them is learning to expect surprises.
It's telling that Cousins is the only All-Star not voted in by the fans who are representing a poor team. The odious mediocrity of the Kings serves as a foundation for the argument that Cousins is more numbers charlatan than legit superstar. But the game has no higher authority than Silver, who selected Cousins over Damian Lillard, a fringe MVP candidate and Adidas poster boy. If there is a mark of legitimacy, it's Silver's approval. The gatekeepers that decry Cousins for their heart-on-sleeve style are now officially on the wrong side of history.
It's tempting to paint Cousins as knucklehead who fell in line, but the truth is that they were never that bad in the first place and their uncompromising nature has given them strength. Players tend to smooth out over time and fall into the rhythm of NBA life. Cousins defies that pattern. They bristle at every blown call, adopts a properly celebratory mug when they jam it on a would-be shot blocker, and doesn't hold back on the court. Many are uncomfortable with Cousins steadfast openness, but that's who they are and it's made them an All-Star.
Patrick Redford is a contributor to VICE Sports, Deadspin, and The Classical. Bug them on Twitter @patrickredford.
Image caption The machines were turned off on Monday when the BBC paid a visit to the toilets
A park in Beijing has installed toilet paper dispensers with facial recognition to stop visitors from taking too much loo roll, media reports say.
Machines at the Temple of Heaven park scan visitors' faces before dispensing a fixed length strip of paper.
The tourist attraction is reportedly frequented by visitors who take large amounts of loo roll home.
It has reignited debate over the lack of social graces among some Chinese.
Flushed with success
Park officials have installed six machines at its public bathrooms in a half-month trial, with staff on standby to explain the technology to visitors. The park has retained its existing loo roll dispensers.
The new machines, placed at the average heights for men and women, dispense strips of toilet paper measuring about 60 to 70cm (24 to 27.5 inches) to each person.
They will not dispense more paper to the same person until after nine minutes have passed.
"If we encounter guests who have diarrhoea or any other situation in which they urgently require toilet paper, then our staff on the ground will directly provide the toilet paper," a park spokesperson told Beijing Wanbao.
Image caption Chinese signs on the machines ask visitors to take off their glasses and hats before scanning
The park also upgraded the toilet paper's quality from one-ply to two-ply.
When the BBC visited the toilets on Monday, the machines had been turned off. A staff member said they were not in use as there were not many visitors in the park that day.
Bag-stuffing
Earlier this month, Chinese media reported that visitors to the Temple of Heaven park's toilets were taking excessive amounts of toilet paper, some of whom were seen stuffing their bags.
The park has been aware of this problem for years, which began shortly after it started dispensing free toilet paper in 2007.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Besides its free supply of toilet paper, the park is also known for the Temple of Heaven complex
It has put up posters as well as broadcast messages on its public announcement system exhorting visitors to use less paper.
The trial appears to have had initial success - the park told Beijing Wanbao that the daily amount of toilet paper used in its toilets has gone down by 20%.
But it has also had teething problems. Reports said that the machines, which are supposed to scan a face in three seconds but in reality can take up to 30 seconds, had caused delays and confusion.
Beijing News said that two machines had also broken down during a recent visit over the weekend.
But the dispensers may now have become an attraction in their own right.
One cleaner told the BBC: "In the past there were a lot of cases of people taking toilet paper, with these new machines a lot of people have come by to take a look."
'Use paper economically'
The case has both amused and exasperated Chinese netizens, who have condemned the bog-standard behaviour of those raiding the park's toilet paper supply.
"Several low-class people have forced the rest of society to undertake a high-cost operation," said one user.
"This is so ironic, the paper in public toilets is meant to serve all in society, now we have to use technology to regulate it," said another.
Earlier this month, the Beijing Municipal Administration Center of Parks launched a campaign on Weibo called "Use Paper Economically, Spread Civility".
Residents were asked to take a pledge to "take appropriate amounts of toilet paper with no wastage" from public parks.
(AP Photo/Vicki Smith)
In an interview with the BBC, England defends themselves and fellow soldiers who posed Iraqi prisoners in degrading positions for photographs in 2004.
"Compared to what they do to us, that's like nothing," England says in the BBC video, referring to instances where Americans were decapitated, burned, dragged through the streets or hung from a bridge by insurgents. They liken the physical degradation that appears in the Abu Ghraib photos to the kinds of hazing that go on in American colleges and boot camps.
(AP/Washington Post)
England, whose biography was published in May, has popped up in the media several times in recent months. In June, they admitted to the Associated Press that they made some bad decisions, but says they were only following orders.
"We were just pawns," they told AP. "People were just playing us."
In April, the government released Bush administration documents sanctioning "enhanced interrogation techniques," causing some to sympathize with England's claim. But Christopher Graveline, who prosecuted England, says the Iraqis in the Abu Ghraib photos were common criminals, not terrorists.
"The idea that they and their colleagues were working somehow for military intelligence is not supported by fact," they say.
Today, England spends most of their days in seclusion, rarely leaving their West Virginia house except for short trips to the grocery store. They suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, depression and anxiety and worries most about being a good mother to their 4-year-old son Carter, whose father, Charles Graner, took the Abu Ghraib photos.
The FBI Hall of Shame
Attorney General John Ashcroft, FBI Director Louis J. Freeh and United States Attorney Helen Fahey announced today that a veteran FBI counterintelligence Agent was arrested Sunday by the FBI and charged with committing espionage by providing highly classified national security information to Russia and the former Soviet Union. At the time of the arrest at a park in Vienna, Virginia, Robert Philip Hanssen , age 56, was clandestinely placing a package containing highly classified information at a pre-arranged, or "dead drop," site for pick-up by their Russian handlers. Hanssen had previously received substantial sums of money from the Russians for the information they disclosed to them. FBI Press Release, February 20, 2001 ... Hanssen, who has six children, was alleged to have made $1.4 million working for the Russians.
Peter Limone, convicted of murder, spent 33 years in prison (4 on death row), while the FBI apparently knew they did not do it. One key report states that on March 10, 1965 -- two days before the murder -- an unidentified FBI informant told Special Agent H. Paul Rico that Flemmi was planning to kill Deegan and that the murder had the blessing of then-New England Mafia boss Raymond Patriarca.... FBI agent John Connolly was indicted last year on charges they took gifts from Bulger and Flemmi and tipped them off to the identities of FBI informants and witnesses who were later murdered. [FBI knew wrong man was convicted of murder, AP, December 22, 2000]
[An Innocent Man Goes Free 33 Years After Conviction, New York Times, February 2, 2001]
`Not once did this man even get up here and accept responsibility for their actions. I think that's telling.' -- MICHAEL HOROWITZ, who prosecuted David Farrall A judge told David Farrall that law enforcement officers need to uphold a higher standard than the rest of the community. Then they sentenced the former FBI agent to 90 days in jail in one of the most notorious DUI cases in South Florida history. Florence Thompson, whose two sons died in a wrong-way crash with Farrall three years ago, shrieked ''yes!'' when they saw bailiffs clapping handcuffs on the agent for the first time. Still, they remained angry Farrall didn't face a more severe punishment.... (FBI Agent) Farrall gets 90 days in wrong-way case Miami Herald January 09, 2003
Larry Potts - They received a letter of censure for failure to provide proper oversight with regard to the rules of engagement employed at Ruby Ridge. "Rogers acknowledged that the Rules of Engagement they proposed specified that any adult with a weapon observed in the vicinity of the Weaver cabin or in the firefight area "could and should be the subject of deadly force." [FN534] According to Rogers they discussed this rule with FBI Assistant Director Larry Potts who concurred fully" Also involved in Waco. ... is now working for Investigative Group International (IGI), a private firm retained by President Clinton to investigate judges, reporters, and other potential enemies of their administration (according to a deposition of IGI director Terry Lenzner). Larry Potts was a buddy of Louis Freeh. Within the FBI, these special people are called "FOL" - Friends of Louie. [NYT 5/11/97] In 1997 Potts retired from the FBI and joined the Investigative Group International, Inc. as the Executive Vice President [site]
Edwin Pitts , 43, a 13-year veteran of the FBI and an attorney, who was arrested today at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, on a criminal complaint charging conspiracy to commit espionage, attempted espionage, communication of classified information, and conveyance without authority of government property. Press Release - Wednesday, December 18, 1996
On October 5, 1985, Special Agent Robin L. Ahrens, who was assigned to the Phoenix FBI Office, was fatally wounded while participating with other Agents in the apprehension of fugitive Kenneth Don Barrett. Ahrens was fatally shot by other Agents [names ???] at the arrest scene who mistook them for an armed associate of the fugitive. [Source: Hall of Honor - Robin L. Ahrens]
Lon Horiuchi - FBI sniper at Ruby Ridge. Aug. 22 1992, Horiuchi fired a shot at a man ducking into the cabin. The shot killed Vicki Weaver as they stood inside the cabin behind the door, holding their infant daughter, Elisheba. The killing occurred on the second day of an 11 day standoff that began with a shoot out that killed the Weavers son Samuel, 14 and U.S. Deputy Marshal Willam Degan. The federal government, though, is leaping to Horiuchi's defense, because they were obeying an order. But the Nuremberg and My Lai prosecutions have established that "I vas just following orders" is no excuse for killing innocent people. The license-to-kill orders were so outrageous that other FBI snipers at the scene -- for example, the SWAT team from Denver -- agreed among themselves that the license-to-kill order should not be obeyed. The Denver agents chose to disobey the unconstitutional order, and instead to stick with the traditional rules of engagement. Besides choosing to obey an illegal assassination order, Horiuchi lied under oath at Randy Weaver's trial. Horiuchi claimed that they opened fire on Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris because the two men were threatening to shoot an FBI helicopter. But the trial judge found this testimony so blatantly false that they ordered the charges related to the testimony to be dismissed. (The helicopter was nowhere near where Weaver or Harris could have shot at it.) [The Ruby Ridge Prosecutions] Yesterday, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported that FBI agent Charles Riley said all the way back in June 1993 that they heard shots fired from a sniper post occupied by agent Lon Horiuchi - The FBI's favorite hitman The head of one of the Midwest's largest taxpayer groups today named F.B.I. sniper Lon Horiuchi "Tax Villain of the Month" for crimes against U.S. citizens committed while collecting a salary paid by U.S. taxpayers. - Taxpayers Name F.B.I. Assassin Lon Horiuchi Tax Villain of the Month "put their name and face on every milk cartoon in the state along with their accomplices in the FBI, ATF, and Delta Force. - Wanted: Lon Horiuchi - Killer Horiuchi allegedly shot several Davidians as the attempted to flee their burning church.- Faces of Evil The FBI sniper who killed the wife of Randy Weaver is declared Immune from state prosecution, the federal appeals court ruled Wednesday. This ruling has the same effect as granting a license to kill with impunity to any government agency. In 1992 an FBI employee hired a killer by the name of Lon Horiuchi, who shot Vicki Weaver in the head with their 308 caliber high-powered telescoped equipped sniper rifle from 200 yards, while they held their nursing baby in their arms, killing them instantly.
Robert A. Messemer - The lie Dr. Lee told their colleague to get access to the computer existed only in the mind of an F.B.I. agent, who now says they made "an honest error." That agent, Robert Messemer, also now acknowledges that Dr. Lee did file reports of their meetings with Chinese scientists. Mr. Messemer threatened Dr. Lee with the death penalty during one interview, pointing out what happened to Julius and Ethel Rosenberg when they refused to come clean. The agent, unlike Dr. Lee, is still working at their job. New York Times August 29, 2000 ... "Even an innocuous phrase by Lee," Robert A. Messemer, a counter-intelligence agent testified, "could be a signal to an accomplice to pass the tapes on to hostile foreign spies." Messemer's now famous example: " ‘Uncle Wen says hello.' "What's more," Messemer told the judge, "the risks of that happening are greater than ever because foreign spies now know the tapes exist and are likely to try to come and get them from Lee." -Justice or Excessive Use of Judicial Force ?... At Lee's bail hearing, Messemer told the judge that Lee had to be isolated from others because "a single utterance" might give away national secrets, and that the Chinese language itself was structured for deception. While Lee's supporters laughed in protest at the cop's racist allegations, the federal judge agreed to prohibit them from speaking Chinese with their family. Reporters at the bail hearing filled out the picture, echoing long-standing racist images of Chinese as mysterious, emotionless, and timid people. -China 'spy scare' frame-up targets rights ... FBI agent admitted giving inaccurate testimony about the 60-year-old scientist and a weapons expert disputed the government's contention that Lee stole the "crown jewels" of America's nuclear program. WenHoLee.org
(From "Dave S from ReputationDefender" <daves@reputationdefender.com> Thu, 21 Jun 2007 ) Mr. Messemer has responded with the following statement:
“I testified before the court that I had made an "honest error" by using the term "resume", and not "file" to describe the document and purpose Dr. Lee had represented when they requested to use their friend's workstation computer, in my earlier testimony to the court. In the written report of their friend's interview, the exact term is "file", not "resume". The term "resume" was in the agent's notes, but not in the final report. Of significance, I also testified that the "resume" or "file" issue was immaterial, inasmuch as Dr. Lee did not disclose to their friend their true purpose in using their friend's computer to download classified materials. Dr. Lee lied by omission and was not candid with their friend. That was the essence of my testimony on this issue. I did not lie - as alleged by the webmaster. “Moreover, I did NOT threaten Dr. Lee with the death penalty as represented on this website. That remark was made by another agent well before my assignment to the investigation. I found the remark objectionable, counterproductive and completely unnecessary. Any attribution of the "death penalty" remark to me is in error.”
Paul George -Michigan bureau of the FBI “If there is going to be a Big Brother in the United States, it is going to be us — the FBI,” said Paul George, supervisory special agent for the Michigan bureau of the FBI, TORONTO, April 6 [Source: FBI agent: I am Big Brother By Robert Lemos, ZDNet News, April 6, 2000 - 1, 2 ] Pro-privacy groups might consider them 'the enemy,' but Paul George counters: 'There are worse things than having your privacy violated ... like murder.'
The December issue of the FBI's Law Enforcement Bulletin describes five "new insidious viruses" that don't exist. They're jokes. No, not hoaxes, but the equivalent of geek knock-knock jokes that circulate routinely on humor mailing lists and Internet discussion forums. Red-faced over the article, the LEB jerked the offending paragraphs
Richard Held - "an FBI COINTELPRO agent since the 60s. They coordinated ops against the L.A. Panthers, including inciting violent confrontations between rival factions and even hiring a right wing militia to kill its members. They were a key spook at Pine Ridge during the bloody anti-AIM ops, directed the draconian Puerto Rico ops in the 80s, and bombed EarthFirst! activist Judi Bari. Lawsuits resulting from that incident of domestic state terrorism have further exposed the subject's long history of abuse." prima facie: Richard W. Held ... was the Special Agent in Charge of the San Francisco field office at the time of the investigation of the explosion [Judy Beri]. They retired from the FBI on August 1, 1993. Decision and Order by Judge Claudia Wilken
In 1978 Richard Held was transferred to Puerto Rico where they oversaw the FBI execution of two Independentista leaders who were made to kneel, then were shot in the head. Held stayed on until 1985, when they stage-managed an island-wide SWAT assault by 300 agents who busted in doors and rounded up activists. Community Under Siege by Judi Bari
Links ...
STOP POLICE ABUSE - UNITED STATES LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY HALL OF SHAME
I've gotta BADGE - A site to deal with police officers who abuse the power they believe is given to them with their badges.
INFACT's Corporate Hall of Shame
Hall of Shame [asianam.org]
High-Tech Marketing Hall of Shame
Judge's Hall Of Shame
HALL OF SHAME [freedomworld.org]
Thin-skinned Hall of Shame
add/view comments to this page
Back to: The FBI ... Past, Present & Future
Target Opening Date in Early Summer 2018. View this email in your browser Costco Pulls Building Permits for Elk Grove Project December 29, 2017 This morning, Costco Wholesale Corporation (Costco) pulled building permits for its approximately 150,000 SF project in Elk Grove. The Costco project will also include a 24-pump fueling facility with capacity for future expansion to 30 pumps; a parking lot with 751 parking stalls; and vehicular access points off of Elk Grove Boulevard and Civic Center Drive. Construction is planned to begin in mid to late January 2018, and is anticipated to be completed in early summer 2018, weather permitting.
This project will create an estimated 100 full-time and 100 part-time retail jobs with average hourly wages of approximately $22 plus benefits. Within the first 25 years, the Costco project will generate an estimated $27 million of sales tax revenue to the City. The project will also generate additional revenue for the City in the form of increased property and utility taxes.
The Costco project will act as a catalyst for development of the entire commercial corridor along Elk Grove Boulevard between Bruceville Road and Laguna Springs Drive, which will generate additional significant sales tax and other revenue to the City once built out.
It is not easy to measure the carbon footprint of the tar sands crude that would move through the proposed Keystone XL pipeline to refineries in the United States.
There is no question that the oil extracted from Canada's vast bitumen reserves is dirtier than most—heavy with carbon and emitting even more of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide when it's produced or consumed.
That surplus carbon, and its implications for the fight against climate change, is one of the reasons for widespread opposition to the 830,000-barrel-a-day Keystone XL. And it is what led President Obama to declare last June that "the national interest will be served only if this project doesn't significantly exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution."
But how to put a number on the word "significantly"? That's tricky, because any such estimate is built on a matrix of assumptions, modeling methods and ever-shifting data about how the fuel is produced.
The consultants who prepared the final Keystone XL environmental impact statement, issued by the State Department on Jan. 31, seemed to contend that the carbon footprint number was essentially irrelevant anyway.
Whether or not the Keystone XL is built, they reasoned, Canada's relentless tar sands expansion would continue apace, and its oil would find its way to market one way or another. The implication of that—left unstated—was that the carbon in the oil would find its way to the atmosphere one way or another as well.
Even so, the authors included in their report detailed estimates of the carbon footprint of the amount of oil that could move through the Keystone XL, saying this analysis would provide important "context" to President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry, who will ultimately decide the pipeline's fate. Those carbon footprint estimates found their way into the executive summary of the report, and they included a couple of numbers that environmentalists who oppose the pipeline were quick to cite.
One of those numbers is an estimate that the Keystone XL's dirtier tar sands fuel would emit 17 percent more carbon dioxide than the same amount of typical U.S. fuel supplies. The other is that the extra carbon dioxide hauled by the pipeline could surpass 27 million tons a year, when compared to the pollution from alternative fuels.
InsideClimate News cited both of those numbers in its spot coverage of the environmental impact statement, as did many other publications.
Both numbers are valid enough. But each is based on its own set of assumptions and separate calculations. And each of them is just one value from a range of values plucked from among many other estimates—all buried deep in the report's fine print.
In other words, the seemingly precise numbers are something between shorthand and a guesstimate. No one should bet the farm on their accuracy.
That's why, when asked after the report's release for the "bottom line" on whether the Keystone XL line would increase carbon emissions, Assistant Secretary of State Kerri-Ann Jones told reporters: "The specific answer you are looking for, that is not in this document."
"I know everyone wants certainty here," they added. "But this is about looking at technical data and seeing how you model it, and then trying to understand what might actually happen."
Where the Numbers Come From
The consultants who wrote the environmental impact statement did not base their estimates of the Keystone XL's carbon footprint on new calculations they did themselves. Instead, they reviewed the existing technical literature and focused on the work of a handful of labs and consultants who have expertise and special models for estimating the carbon footprints of various kinds of fuel, including tar sands.
None of their models are perfect; none of the experts have a clear crystal ball.
Recognizing the uncertainties, the State Department's contractors presented the various estimates side by side in one chapter and an appendix of the report, using them to build ranges of estimates for various scenarios.
From these collections of broad ranges of estimates, presto! the report's authors produced the numbers like the oft-cited 17 percent figure.
It's more art than science to settle on a single number.
Every one of the studies they looked at was built from its own set of measurements and calculations. One might have been based on data from 2005, another from more recent data. One might have compared tar sands to Mexican oil, one to Venezuelan. How much of the tar sands fuel was diluted bitumen, or dilbit? How much was upgraded to a synthetic crude? Different models made different assumptions. One might have counted the byproduct known as petcoke as though it was all burned, another as if it was all buried, a third as if it was exported—out of sight, out of mind.
The section of the environmental impact statement that explains its carbon footprint calculation discusses all this in detail. The differences between various methods of estimation go on and on for pages.
The Pipeline's Lifecycle Carbon Footprint
Whether the resulting numbers are too high, too low or Goldilocks perfect, however, they all point in a single direction: Keystone XL's fuel comes with a hefty surfeit of carbon.
Here is one of several key findings that the report said is "clearly supported" by its review: "The lifecycle carbon footprint for transportation fuels produced in U.S. refineries would increase if the project were approved."
Lifecycle analysis, or LCA, is what energy specialists call the task of looking at every phase of the fuel cycle and measuring its carbon emissions. The phases include: getting the oil out of the ground, cleaning and upgrading it, shipping it to refineries, the refining process and, ultimately, the combustion of refined products like gasoline in a car.
At its simplest, the lifecycle analysis conducted by the State Department's consultants was supposed to produce a reasonable estimate of the pipeline's carbon footprint.
To come up with their lifecycle estimate, the contractors relied mainly on the work of the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL), part of the U.S. Energy Department, and also on the work of two consulting groups, Jacobs and TIAX, which have worked extensively for the Canadians.
From the steamy bitumen fields to the smoking automotive tailpipes, the emissions from 830,000 barrels a day of tar sands fuel would amount to something between 147 and 168 million metric tons of carbon dioxide a year, they estimated.
By anyone's standards, those are meaningful amounts of greenhouse gases.
During five decades in service, the Keystone XL's deliveries would account for emissions of seven or eight billion tons of carbon dioxide. Cumulatively, over half a century, that adds up to more than what the whole United States dumps into the atmosphere in any single year.
Looked at another way, it's enough pollution to offset all the carbon dioxide emissions that will ever be avoided by the strict new automobile efficiency rules President Obama established early in their presidency. Those mileage standards are expected to prevent 6 billion tons of tailpipe CO2 emissions during the entire lifetimes of all the fuel-efficient cars that fall under the regulation.
But it may be an overstatement to claim that Keystone XL's contribution to global warming is such a huge number. Nobody thinks that if the Keystone XL line were plugged up, all those millions of cars would sputter to a stop, never to be fueled again.
We'd just burn other fuel, right?
The real point is this: The Keystone XL's fuel is dirtier than any other fuels that might tank up those cars in the future. It's the difference between tar sands and alternative fuels.
So the authors of the review moved on to the next step.
Calculating the 'Incremental' Emissions
How much of the emissions attributed to the Keystone XL can be considered "incremental" pollution, the amount of CO2 beyond what would enter the atmosphere if cleaner fuels were used instead?
That's a more complicated question, involving many assumptions about the ebb and flow of oil markets.
To address it, the analysts sought to compare the Keystone XL's lifecycle emissions to four alternatives, or "reference" crude oils, which the tar sands might displace.
They examined one alternative fuel type from Venezuela and one from Mexico, because both nations have supplied heavy oil to the Gulf Coast refineries over the years. They also looked at one light variety from Saudi Arabia, a so-called "balancing crude" that the oil cartel leaves in the ground when it wants to offset any glut. And finally, they considered a mixture of fuel representing the average consumption of crude oil by all American refineries, because booming production from around the U.S. oil patch can be viewed as competing with Canadian oil.
Depending on which reference fuel was examined—and which of the various models were used to estimate emissions—the well-to-wheels annual carbon footprint from 830,000 barrels per day compared to the alternative fuels fell in a range between 124 and 159 million tons a year.
That's slightly lower than the range of 147 and 168 million metric tons that was found to be the Keystone's annual carbon footprint, and it suggests that alternative oils would indeed be cleaner.
But if you are trying to quantify the extra emissions that Keystone XL would deliver, how to compare the two ranges? You can't just subtract one from the other, the report pointed out.
Doing so, the State Department's contractors warned, would only lead to a flawed, apples-to-oranges result, because of the fact that each range encompasses multiple studies using multiple assumptions and methods.
Instead, the analysts broke the diverse conclusions down study by study. And what they were left with was a basket of footprint estimates as diverse as anything you can order from Harry and David.
Of all the various individual studies used to assemble the ranges, the single calculation that produced the lowest estimate of the Keystone XL's incremental pollution found its extra emissions to be just 1.3 million tons a year—equivalent of 271,000 cars, or less than half a coal fired power plant.
That individual low-end estimate comes from comparing the fuel from the tar sands to a heavy Venezuelan or Mexican crude. It was calculated using the Jacobs methodology.
Was it correct? Not necessarily.
Comparing tar sands fuel to a heavy Venezuelan or Mexican fuel, but using the methodology of the TIAX and NETL models instead of Jacobs, produced much higher estimates of tar sands' extra annual emissions: 17 million tons under TIAX, and 18 million tons under NETL.
So much for the low end. How about individual high-end estimates?
Of all the various model runs, the one with that arrived at the highest incremental carbon footprint came up with the figure of 27.4 million tons of extra carbon dioxide a year. That worst-case scenario found its way as the high number in a range in the executive summary of the State Department's report, and it became one of the instant take-away messages.
It would be equivalent to the annual emissions from 5.7 million cars, 1.4 million homes or about eight-coal fired power plants.
This single estimate comes from comparing the tar sands to the Middle East sour, a relatively light crude. It was calculated using NETL's methodology.
But was it right? Again, not necessarily. Using the same reference fuel for comparison, but adopting the methods of TIAX instead of NETL, the estimate was 22 million tons. And using Jacobs, the answer came in at just 9 million tons a year.
So much information! But in boiling it all down and reporting simply that the range of estimates for the extra carbon footprint of the tar sands was between 1.3 and 27.4 million tons, the State Department's executive summary hid the complex reality of how frail these estimates can be.
There are just far too many uncertainties and far too many variables in any of these studies to pretend that the numbers are precise.
The same thing goes for the oft-quoted conclusion that tar sands is 17 percent dirtier than typical fuels consumed in America.Competing estimates based on the same NETL model found tar sands oil 13 percent dirtier than Mexican, 18 percent dirtier than Venezuelan and 19 percent dirtier than Saudi crude.
Still, despite the fact that it may never be possible to precisely determine the extra emissions from Keystone's oil, it is possible to reach a robust conclusion: Tar sands crude is dirtier than other fuels—even other heavy grades.
It seems safe to say that the fuel carried by the Keystone pipeline, by the time it is burned, will probably emit tens of millions of tons of extra carbon dioxide each year compared to alternative fuels—an amount that could easily add up to a billion tons of CO2 over the lifetime of the pipeline.
Dentsu Entertainment USA, Inc. and TV TOKYO Corporation have announced they have teamed up with leading global play company Hasbro, Inc to bring the hugely popular multimedia franchise YO-KAI WATCH to new markets. In 2016, Hasbro will introduce an innovative toy line for the franchise. The YO-KAI WATCH cross-platform experience will also include additional broadcasting, video game and merchandising relationships to be announced later this year.
“The YO-KAI WATCH franchise has been hugely successful and we are ready to bring the brand to new markets across multiple platforms”
YO-KAI WATCH is an original concept created by renowned Japanese game company LEVEL-5, Inc. and the Nintendo 3DS video games have sold 6.5 million units in Japan. With an imaginative plot, great characters, comedy and adventure, YO-KAI WATCH has become one of the most popular franchises of all time in Japan. The story centers around a young boy who gets a special watch empowering them to discover and summon mysterious Yo-kai that help them solve problems in their daily life usually caused by other trouble-making Yo-kai. The YO-KAI WATCH animated series, a joint production effort of LEVEL-5, Inc., Dentsu Inc., and TV TOKYO Corporation, is the top-rated show for kids 4-12 across all genres on TV TOKYO and has the highest average household ratings among all regularly scheduled animated programs on the network.
In addition to the TV series, the YO-KAI WATCH franchise has enjoyed tremendous success across several product categories since it began in Japan including selling millions of copies of YO-KAI WATCH manga and related books and generating hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars in retail sales of toys and other merchandise, not including games, music CDs, and publishing.
“The YO-KAI WATCH franchise has been hugely successful and we are ready to bring the brand to new markets across multiple platforms,” said Mr. Akihiro Hino, President of LEVEL-5, Inc. “We have seen the massive success of the YO-KAI WATCH franchise in Japan and are thrilled to be chosen to help expand the property to new markets,” said President of Hasbro Brands John Frascotti. “We look forward to creating exciting and innovative play experiences with this amazing property for kids to enjoy around the world.” Mr. Kiyofumi Kajiwara of Dentsu, Inc. and producer of the YO-KAI WATCH animated series added, “As leaders in the toy industry, Hasbro is the perfect choice to introduce innovative toys to new markets and we look forward to securing other broadcasting, video game and merchandise relationships as we expand the property globally.”
ARLINGTON, Va. – The Washington Capitals have recalled right wings Tom Wilson and Joey Crabb from the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL), vice president and general manager George McPhee announced today.
Wilson, 19, made their professional debut with Hershey in Game 3 of the AHL Eastern Conference quarterfinal vs. Providence and recorded one goal and six penalty minutes in three playoff games with the Bears. They recently completed their season with Plymouth after helping the Whalers reach the OHL Western Conference Championship Series where they fell to London in five games. Wilson earned OHL Player of the Week honors for the week ending April 21 and collected six goals, two assists and 12 penalty minutes in their last four games of the championship series. They and teammate (and fellow Capitals prospect) Connor Carrick both ranked in the top-10 in playoff scoring when Plymouth was eliminated as Wilson recorded 17 points (nine goals, eight assists) and 41 penalty minutes in their 12 playoff games.
The Toronto native, who was drafted in the first round (16th overall) by the Capitals in the 2012 NHL Draft in Pittsburgh, recorded 58 points (23 goals, 35 assists) and 104 penalty minutes in 48 regular season games with Plymouth this season. They ranked fifth on Plymouth in points, tied for sixth in goals and second in penalty minutes despite missing 20 games. The 6'4”, 210-pound forward was recalled on Jan. 12 to participate in the Capitals training camp.
In 2011-12 they collected 27 points (nine goals, 18 assists) and 141 penalty minutes in 49 games with Plymouth and added 13 points (seven goals, six assists) in 13 OHL playoff games. Wilson was voted as the ‘Best Body Checker' in the OHL's 2012 Western Conference Coaches Poll and was a runner-up for the ‘Hardest Worker' category.
Wilson won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2011 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament, posting three goals in five games. They also won gold with Team Ontario at the World Under-17 Hockey Challenge, recording one assist and six penalty minutes in four games. The Capitals signed Wilson to a three-year, entry level contract on July 19, 2012.
Crabb, 30, collected two goals and eight penalty minutes in 26 games with Washington this season and six goals and six assists in 12 games with Hershey. They led the Bears with five goals in five games during the Calder Cup Playoffs.
Last season they recorded career highs in goals (11), assists (15), points (26) and games played (67) with the Toronto Maple Leafs. They finished the season ranked 11th on Toronto in points and eighth in goals while their plus-one rating finished tied for fifth on the team. In addition, Crabb recorded three assists in eight games with the United States at the 2012 World Championships.
The Anchorage, Alaska, native has appeared in 170 career NHL games with Atlanta, Toronto and Washington, compiling 52 points (20 goals, 32 assists) and 93 penalty minutes. They have collected 184 points (79 goals, 105 assists) in 311 career AHL games with Hershey, Chicago and Toronto. The 6'1”, 190-pound forward won a Calder Cup championship with the Chicago Wolves in 2007-08, posting one goal and five assists in 24 playoff games. Crabb was originally drafted by the New York Rangers in the seventh round (226th overall) of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft after spending four seasons at Colorado College (NCAA).
Both Wilson and Crabb will participate in today's 11:30 a.m. Capitals practice at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Wilson wears No. 43 while Joey Crabb wears No. 15 for Washington.
Medieval Prostitution in Secular Law: The Sex Trade in Late Medieval London, Paris, and Toulouse
By Suzanne Meade
Master's Thesis, McMaster University, 2001
Abstract: This thesis focuses on the sex trade in three late medieval cities, London, Paris and Toulouse, in an attempt to determine why prostitution became a municipal institution in Toulouse but not in either of the other cities. The examination and comparison of medieval law codes and traditions in the various regions involved in the study appear to be a new angle for research on the topic of medieval prostitution. The main conclusion drawn from this study is that the legal traditions of the regions in question affected how the governments dealt with prostitution, and that the main difference lay in whether the main legal tradition was Roman or Germanic in nature.
This historiographic essay is an attempt to examine and analyze a variety of works on sexuality, gender, and prostitution in the Middle Ages. These studies have covered an assortment of viewpoints and hypotheses. The most compelling works are those that are open to more than one ideology and utilize a number of different sources. In some cases, authors wh0 subscribe to a strictly Marxist or feminist perspective seem to limit their conclusions to those that fit into their larger ideology. As well, those authors who utilize a single source, or limited sources, can draw conclusions that are limited in scope. One challenge for the reader is therefore to make certain that such works are read in the proper context.
This task is made even more challenging by the fact that the records for the Middle Ages are limited in scope for nearly all geographical locations. Because of this, my own research has focused on secular records, specifically the national and municipal regulations for England and France, and more particularly London, Paris and Toulouse. This decision was made when it became obvious that church court records for London before the sixteenth century were nonexistent. My conclusions can not be taken as an overall picture of either country, since the church courts were important in dealing with accusations of prostitution. In addition, each of these cities had a specific legal and social tradition and are unlikely to be representative of outlying areas. Within these constraints, I have attempted to provide as broad a study as possible by studying not only the medieval legislation from each area, but the legal traditions that shaped the attitudes and laws of the time.
Click here to read this thesis from McMaster University
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
Andre Heimgartner will replace the retiring Todd Kelly in Nissan Motorsport's 2018 Virgin Australia Supercars Championship line-up.
Bathurst winner and team co-owner Kelly announced their retirement ahead of last weekend's season finale in Newcastle, and has even said they have no plans to contest the endurance races.
Heimgartner emerged as the leading candidate for the Altima drive, and the New Zealander now joins Rick Kelly, Michael Caruso and Simona De Silvestro with the team.
“I'm delighted to reveal that I'll be joining Nissan Motorsport next year,” said Heimgartner.
“The team and the facility are world class. Rick and Michael both have heaps of experience in Supercars, plus Simona has raced IndyCar and Formula E, so I hope to learn a lot.
“Nissan is a major global brand racing across the world, so it's exciting to be aligned with them into the future.
“It's a shame there are still a few months until we're racing again. I want to jump in the car and get going.”
It marks a return to full-time Supercars competition for Heimgartner, who contested the 2015 and '16 seasons with Super Black Racing and Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
The 22-year-old initially missed out on a PIRTEK Enduro Cup drive for this year, but was called up during the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 weekend by Brad Jones Racing to replace the injured Ash Walsh.
Alongside Tim Slade, they claimed their maiden Supercars podium in the wet Saturday race on the Gold Coast, having starred to lead during their stint.
They have otherwise split their time between Carrera Cup Australia and GT competition in Asia this year.
“We're really excited to have Andre as part of the team,” Todd Kelly said.
“Andre is a really promising talent and has experience in the main game. Our line-up for next season is now pretty diverse but also extremely capable.
“What Andre was able to achieve in the PIRTEK Enduro Cup made the entire paddock stand up and take notice.
“I am comfortable in retiring from racing knowing that we have such a promising young talent driving with us.
“I look forward to being able to watch them develop throughout the year.”
Caruso was the best of the Nissan drivers in the 2017 Supercars standings in 13th, one place ahead of Rick Kelly, with Todd Kelly 18th and rookie De Silvestro 24th.
Next year is the last of Nissan's existing Supercars deal with the Kelly-run outfit, with discussions over its future ongoing.
Bristol Palin, daughter of Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, went on "Good Morning America" to launch their new pastime as an ambassador for abstinence.
Anchor Christopher Cuomo pointed out that Palin's own personal history went against their abstinence-only message for teens. (Palin, 18, recently had a baby with former boyfriend Levi Johnston.) They became pregnant after they and Levi failed to use protection (something Johnston admitted on the "Tyra" show.)
Palin was less forthcoming on this issue than their ex. "Regardless of what I did personally, I just think that abstinence is the only way you can effectively, 100% foolproof way you can prevent pregnancy," they responded. Asked how they squared their own experiences with their new campaign, they added, "I'm not quite sure, I just want to go out there and promote abstinence and say, this is the safest choice. This is the choice that's going to prevent teen pregnancy and prevent a lot of heartache."
Palin did say that if they could do it over, "I would have waited, waited to have sex." Later they added, "I think using this experience in my life to help others, I think it's a blessing. ... I'm relatable, I am a teen myself. I'm saying that there's one way to prevent it, and that's not having sex."
Of course, Palin made headlines in February when they declared that abstinence is "not realistic at all." Now they say the quote was "taken out of context. ... I do think it's realistic. It's the harder choice, but it's the safest choice."
A major study published last year found that premarital abstinence pledges among teens were ineffective and often counterproductive -- teens were just as likely to have sex but less likely to use condoms or other forms of birth control.
In a subsequent interview on CBS's Early Show, Levi Johnston called Bristol Palin's abstinence message a "great idea" but "not realistic." Watch video here.
Watch a few excerpts of Palin on GMA:
<0--954--hh>0--954--hh>
Denver -- Today nearly one hundred New Mexicans representing over a dozen organizations gathered at a session hosted by the Bureau of Land Management to testify in support of reforming the outdated federal coal lease program.
"Coal mining and coal fired power plants have had devastating impacts on the Navajo Nation for over 50 years,” said Colleen Cooley, energy outreach coordinator of Dinè Care. “Despite big promises from polluters about the benefits of coal mining and coal energy, many on the Navajo Nation are still at poverty level living conditions, without running water and electricity in their homes. We have suffered the burden of climate injustices for far too long; it's time to transition to cleaner energy now!"
“Coal mining has taken a terrible toll in the Four Corners region, undermining the health of the Navajo people, saddling the region with dangerous pollution, and fueling global warming,” said Jeremy Nichols, Climate and Energy Director of WildEarth Guardians. “It's time for Interior to honestly confront the true costs of coal, create a more sustainable energy economy starting, and protect our climate. That means it's time to start keeping our coal in the ground.”
“The reality is that selling rights to mine coal continues the spiral to greater climate change which is a climate and environmental justice issue affecting the most vulnerable and poor,” said Rev. Chan Anaya of the Episcopal Church in Navajoland Area Mission and New Mexico Interfaith Power and Light. “Coal mining and coal power plants also contribute to asthma, bronchial and other health concerns that cost lives and money. But at the same time coal and coal fired power plants are economic contributors to our communities and the Navajo Nation even as they adversely impact our environment. We must enter into true dialogue to transition from fossil fuels and coal that respects the dignity of the human person and the right to make a living while caring for the environment and reducing the growing climate catastrophe we face.”
“For decades coal mining companies have been paying royalty rates that are far too low, shortchanging taxpayers on their fair share of profits,” said Nellis Kennedy-Howard, Senior Campaign Representative for the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal Campaign. “And under the current federal coal program, many coal companies aren't required to set aside enough money or insurance to clean up public lands after they are done mining - potentially leaving communities and taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars later on.”
Clean air advocates at the session highlighted the damaging health impacts of local coal mining and burning, and called for New Mexico taxpayers to receive a fair share of the profits made by coal companies by mining on public lands.
"Our public lands and resources are owned by all of us,” said Camilla Feibelman, Director of the Sierra Club Rio Grande Chapter. “When coal mining companies take those resources on the cheap without paying their fair share of royalties, we have a problem. But what makes matters even worse is that these low royalties certainly don't even approach the costs to our public lands, to climate change and our communities' health. Cheap coal is just too expensive."
Attendees called on the BLM to enact the following reforms:
A Vermont jury found an Amish-Mennonite pastor guilty Tuesday (Aug. 14) of abetting an international kidnapping to keep a young girl from their lesbian parent.
Virginia pastor Kenneth Miller, of the Beachy Amish-Mennonite sect, helped Lisa Miller (no relation) flee the U.S. with their daughter Isabella, who's now 10. The pastor, who has become a hero among many religious conservatives who have followed the case, faces up to three years in prison.
Lisa Miller, who was part of a lesbian couple when Isabella was born, has since rejected homosexuality and declared themselves a born-again Christian. They failed to live up to court orders that gave their former partner, Janet Jenkins, visitation rights with Isabella.
Kenneth Miller, prosecutors showed, helped arrange for Lisa Miller and their daughter to be driven to Canada and board a flight to Nicaragua in 2009, where their church runs a mission.
Their lawyer argued that the pastor did not know they were flouting a custody ruling. Prosecutors, however, pointed out that the pastor took pains to hide some of their actions.
The Amish-Mennonites believe homosexuality is a sin. About 100 members of the sect sang “We Shall Overcome” outside the courthouse in Burlington where the pastor was convicted.
“We are of course disappointed,” the pastor said Tuesday after the verdict was read, according to The New York Times. “But with the grace of God and by their help, we will bear the consequences.”
Federal officials believe Lisa Miller and Isabella Miller-Jenkins are in Nicaragua, a country with which the U.S. has no extradition treaty.
Lisa Miller and Janet Jenkins entered into a civil union in Vermont in 2000; Lisa Miller gave birth to Isabella two years later after undergoing in vitro fertilization.
The custody battle over Isabella has made headlines since they were a toddler, when Lisa Miller moved from Vermont to Virginia, where a law bans the recognition of same-sex unions and marriages.
Even Virginia jurists have concluded, however, that federal anti-kidnapping statutes take precedence over the Virginia law and the federal Defense of Marriage Act. A Vermont judge indicated in 2009 that Jenkins would be awarded custody of Isabella if their former partner continued to defy visitation orders.
As the jury was deliberating Tuesday, Jenkins filed a lawsuit against Lisa Miller and Kenneth Miller, seeking unspecified monetary damages, according to The Associated Press.
No sentencing date for Kenneth Miller has been set.
Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Religion News Service LLC.
Ripple has opened a new office in Mumbai, India as the company looks to build its presence in the world's largest recipient country of remittances. Navin Gupta, who worked for two decades in transaction banking, product management and global strategy roles at HSBC and Citibank, has been appointed country manager got Ripple India.
“India is the largest recipient of corporate and retail remittance worldwide, totaling close to US$71 billion,” Gupta said. “The businesses and Indian expatriates sending money into the country want their cross-border payments to be as fast and seamless as payments made within India's domestic digital payment network.”
They said Ripple's instant and cost-effective blockchain-powered payments have the potential to be “a transformative component of India's economy,” and help bring payments services to the unbanked.
Banking in India is in the midst of a major digital revolution. Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised in 2014 to end “financial untouchability” with a scheme to improve financial inclusion. Since this government program was implemented, almost 300 million households have opened formal bank accounts for the first time.
The Digital India program, launched by the government in 2015, intends to transform India into a digitally empowered society and knowledge economy, notably by promoting cashless transactions and converting the country into a “less-cash society.”
In order to support the enormous increase in banking customers, accounts and transactions, the Indian economy has become ripe for growth in the fintech industry. Areas such as mobile banking, payments services, digital lending, point-of-sale, blockchain and cryptocurrencies, are all seen in “hyper-growth phase” in the country, according to IBM.
Brad Garlinghouse, CEO of Ripple, said the new Mumbai office will allow the company to “respond to the rapidly-growing demand for frictionless payments by our current customers Axis Bank and YES Bank, as well as other banks and non-banks across the country.”
In addition to working with Ripple for real-time cross-border payments, YES Bank, one of India's largest private banks, is also using the Hyperledger Fabric in a blockchain-powered vendor financing solution.
Besides the private sector, the Indian government too is exploring the use of blockchain in various areas, including land registries, government-recorded data security, and banking services. A research group founded by India's central bank is currently developing a model platform for blockchain technology, which it said will be suitable for different applications relevant to banking
Meanwhile, in the cryptocurrency space, Bitcoin wallet provider Blockchain announced today a partnership with Bengaluru-based bitcoin exchange Unocoin to enter the Indian market by bringing its software platform through its new Indian partner.
Unocoin has around 400,000 users and added 50,000 last month. It has partnered with 1,900 businesses and sees 500 transactions a day with an average value of Rs 30,000 (US$468).
Two weeks ago, Google announced a new compression algorithm that promises a 26 percent performance upgrade over its previous iterations.
It didn't take long for fans to draw references to HBO's hit series ‘Silicon Valley,' so when we learned that actors Thomas Middleditch (Richard Hendricks) and T.J. Miller (Erlich Bachman) were going to be at New York Comic-Con, we went straight to the Pied Piper executives themselves for their thoughts.
On the show, your company Pied Piper built a “lossless compression algorithm,” which ends up inspiring competition from your former boss. Have you guys heard about Google Brotli?
Thomas Middleditch: What?
T.J. Miller: Google Broccoli?
Brotli. B-R-O-T-L-I. It's Google's latest compression algorithm that promises to be 26 percent better than existing solutions.
TJ: Well, we'd like to speak with the heads of Google!
TM: I think they just stole our intellectual property! No, I think that's great. All that does be make Mike Judge look like more of a genius than they already are.
TJ: We're making fun of how Silicon Valley is all followers, but if Google follows the television show…
Well, I'm sure it's been in development for a while.
TJ: Look I know their R&D must have had it for a long time, but don't fuck with me on how long it takes, okay? I know exactly what it takes to make the Google phones and Google circles.
Anyway, that sounds great, can't wait for Brotli. It's also great that it sounds like Google Broccoli.
It's actually named after a German word for “small bread.”
TJ: Well, they should name it Google Cauliflower.
TM: Claws are out guys, watch out.
Actors Thomas Middleditch and TJ Miller in their Comic Con gear, manning the Smirnoff booth for free booze.
On that note… do you think the show influences Silicon Valley, or is it the other way around?
TM: It's becoming both now – I've people coming up to me and saying that there are certain things they want to avoid to not sound like a weird character on the show!
TJ: I did something in Las Vegas a while ago and this guy told me about how they use a lot of our language in meetings. They'd joke around about D2F and tip-to-tip efficiency. It seems like the show is permeating Silicon Valley just like ‘Silicon Valley' is permeating our culture.
Did you guys see how the new Google Alphabet website linked to the Hooli moonshot site?
TM: Yes, we heard about that little Easter egg! That was cool, we liked that.
You liked that over Google linking to Pied Piper?
TJ: I was glad because Google is somewhat in the realm of Hooli – the idea is Pied Piper wants to not be like Hooli until they inevitably are.
It seems you guys are fairly in tune with technology and Thomas is a casual Twitch streamer, but how much of the lingo did you guys have to learn to do the show?
TM: Me personally, I love video games but you only get so much from games. Just because I love them doesn't mean I know how to make them or program them. There are a lot of times where I feel as if I'm in a medical procedural drama like, “20 CCs of the gigabytes!” and I won't know what the hell that's supposed to mean.
TJ: Yeah, I had to learn about P2P, clustering, seeds – sometimes we have to learn stuff that we don't even understand as we're saying it and we all laugh everyday at who gets the hardest lines.
TM: We literally have a consultant (Jonathan Dotan) that comes by and tries to put it in the most basic terms just so we understand it better.
Do you have an example?
TM: I forget my lines immediately after we wrap.
TJ: We've had Jonathan come over and say, “Well, what it is it's person to person sharing and you need to seed it in a way that the cloud…” – and that's when I stop listening.
The actors with the crowd at the Smirnoff bar. Middleditch and Miller arrived as guests of Smirnoff to give out free drinks to fans.
That's understandable. Last season of ‘Silicon Valley' left us with a bit of a cliffhanger – what can you tell us about season 3?
TJ: Erlich and Richard are both ousted from the company and the show continues on with other people. It'll be just like ‘True Detective,' but worse.
Read next: Twitter is really serious about video now
Each day, the NFL releases a log of transactions across the league, including waiver claims, player terminations and various other transactions. According to yesterday's transaction log, the 49ers reached an injury settlement with defensive tackle Lamar Divens. That effectively will make them a free agent. The team did NOT come to an injury settlement with defensive tackle Lawrence Okoye (tip of the cap to Matt Barrows for first noticing this).
This means that Okoye will spend the season on injured reserve. Had they reached an injury settlement, they would have been able to sign with the 49ers practice squad after the settlement time plus six weeks. Instead, their rights are retained by the 49ers for the next year.
Barrows pointed out what this means for Okoye's participation with the 49ers this season:
While they will not be able to practice with the 49ers this season, they can attend meetings, do classroom work, watch games from the sidelines and otherwise get an insider's education on how the NFL works -- exactly what a football neophyte requires.
Given that they cannot actually practice, they cannot really physically work on their technique with coaches. However, there will be plenty for them to learn throughout the season. Once the season ends, the injured reserve designation disappears and they can get back to physically working with coaches to implement the techniques they have learned throughout the year. Assuming the injury is not serious, this would mean they will be good to go in time for the offseason workout program, and back at when training camp rolls around next July.
KEEP READING
NORTH MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - Laura Antiporek said Tuesday that they can't get the image and the smell of their dad's burned body out of their head.
They said they found their 68-year-old father, Dennis Antiporek, dead inside the sauna at their condominium complex in North Miami Beach.
"I can't take the heat," Laura Antiporek said as they described the intense heat coming from the room.
They and their family had been preparing to celebrate Dennis Antiporek's birthday next week. Instead, they're preparing for their funeral.
"While I called 911, I was opening the door so I could breathe," Laura Antiporek said.
The family claims the timer outside the sauna was not working when Dennis Antiporek died. Their face was unrecognizable when their daughter found him.
An attorney for the family claims they were "cooked alive."
"We believe at this point in time that they died by asphyxiation by becoming overheated," family attorney Douglas Ede said.
Dennis Antiporek had some health issues, their family admits, but they had used the sauna before without any problems.
Family members are planning to file lawsuits against the property owner, the management company and manufacturer of the sauna.
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter @WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2015 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Technicians wield the Candela GentleYAG laser to gingerly stymie hair growth in the desired area. Candela's cryogen cooling system keeps skin comfortable during the treatment. Click here for a list of valid treatment areas.
Much like the sale of sardines at movie-theater concession stands, the popularity of laser hair-reduction treatments is evidence that most people secretly long to be dolphins. Get smooth and sleek with this Groupon.
Promotional value expires Jan 23, 2013. Amount paid never expires. Limit 2 per person, may buy multiple as gifts. Limit 1 per visit. Must activate first session by the expiration date on your Groupon. Valid only for option purchased. Appointment required. 48hr cancellation notice required. Must be 18 or older or accompanied by guardian. Valid only for select treatment areas . Must use all treatments on same area. Sessions must be used by the same person. May redeem across visits. Merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the care and quality of the advertised goods and services.
About Body Image Aesthetics
The team of professionals at Body Image Aesthetics—a center devoted to their clients' health, beauty, and wellness—works to beautify bodies inside and out with aesthetic laser services and a full-service medical spa.
Elsewhere at Body Image Aesthetics, its advanced lasers target imperfections lurking just below the skin's surface with treatments such as spider vein therapy and laser hair removal with two versions of Candela Lasers, the GentleYAG and Gentlelase PRO. These lasers can help reduce wrinkles, spider veins, hair, and acne in order to improve the appearance of skin in just a few sessions. In addition to its routine aesthetic enhancements and skin-tightening treatments, Body Image Aesthetics offers services for hair removal, skin tightening, acne, spider vein therapy, facial rejuvenation, and injectables including Botox, Dysport, and Macrodermabrasion. The experts at Body Image Aesthetics can safely treat all skin types.
Rep. Tim Murphy said Thursday that they will resign from Congress this month, a day after the eight-term Pennsylvania Republican announced that they would not seek reelection amid a personal scandal.
"Upon further discussion with my family, I have made the decision to resign my position" effective Oct. 21, Murphy wrote in a letter to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan. "I am grateful for the opportunity to have served the people of southwestern Pennsylvania and to have worked with the talented and dedicated men and women of the United States Congress."
In a statement Thursday, Ryan (R-Wis.) thanked Murphy "for their many years of tireless work on mental health issues here in Congress and their service to the country as a naval reserve officer."
Murphy's decision to resign within weeks, rather than remain in Congress for an additional 15 months, came amid pressure from top Republican leaders to remove themselves as a distraction as the GOP House tackles a major tax bill and other legislative priorities.
"I've spoken with Tim quite a bit the last couple of days," Ryan said at a news conference shortly before Murphy's resignation was announced. "I think it's appropriate that they move on to the next chapter of their life. And I think they agree with that."
[GOP Rep. Tim Murphy won't seek reelection after reports they asked woman to get abortion]
An emailed request for comment sent to Murphy's spokesperson Thursday generated an automated reply that included Ryan's statement on the resignation.
The resignation of Murphy, a clinical psychologist, comes after a news report claimed that the married Republican had asked a woman with whom they had an extramarital affair to get an abortion.
Murphy, 65, said in a statement Wednesday: "After discussions with my family and staff, I have come to the decision that I will not seek reelection to Congress at the end of my current term."
Murphy first publicly admitted in early September to having an affair with Shannon Edwards, a woman half their age, a revelation that dealt a blow to their reelection prospects in 2018. Murphy was first elected to the House in November 2002.
In a Jan. 25 text message obtained by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Edwards said Murphy had "zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options."
According to the newspaper, a text response from Murphy's cellphone number that same day said that their staff was responsible for the antiabortion messages: "I've never written them. Staff does them. I read them and winced. I told staff don't write any more. I will."
Murphy is a member of the House Pro-Life Caucus and was a co-sponsor of a Republican bill approved Tuesday that bans most abortions after 20 weeks of fetal development.
As a senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and chairperson of its oversight and investigations subcommittee, they helped write a major overhaul of mental health programs that was signed into law last year.
Murphy represents a district in Pennsylvania's southwestern corner that is solidly Republican. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report rates it as having an 11-point GOP lean. The district voted for Donald Trump by 19 points over Hillary Clinton, 58 to 39, in the 2016 presidential election.
Murphy's resignation sets up a special election that will be set at the discretion of Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf. Under Pennsylvania law, Wolf has 10 days once the seat is vacant to set the date of the election. The special election could ultimately coincide with the state's May 15 primary.
National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Steve Stivers said Thursday that "the circumstances surrounding this situation are extremely disappointing to me" but that the 18th Congressional District would remain in Republican hands.
"The NRCC is undefeated in special elections this year and I'm supremely confident that will continue," they said.
Meredith Kelly, a spokesperson for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said Murphy's district "is a reliable Republican stronghold, but the grass-roots energy behind Democrats has proven powerful this year, and we will be closely tracking this district and special election."
Mary Hui contributed to this report.
Read more at PowerPost
Buy Photo Hundreds of Democrats caucused outside Lincoln Middle School on March 1, including this precinct, which was organized by its leader from a tree. Roughly 1,500 voters showed up at the venue that had capacity for 324. (Photo: Valerie Mosley/Coloradoan library)Buy Photo
DENVER — Democrats and Republicans are moving ahead with plans to return to a presidential preference primary for 2020.
A bipartisan slate of state lawmakers announced plans Thursday to return to a presidential preference primary for 2020.
Colorado has simply outgrown precinct caucuses for the top office in the nation, lawmakers said. Last month's caucuses drew complaints from party members in both camps. Democrats complained of long lines; Republicans griped that they weren't taking a presidential poll.
“We're going to replace long lines, bad parking and disenfranchising voters with a ballot in your mailbox,” said Rep. Alec Garnett, D-Denver.
Presidential primaries in concept have the support of the state's Democratic and Republican parties. But things get more complicated when the discussion moves to allowing participation by unaffiliated voters — about 37 percent of all Colorado voters, more than belong to either party.
EDITORIAL:Super Tuesday shows need for primary
The legislative plan, which hadn't been introduced Thursday, would allow voters one-step temporary affiliation. That is, voters would get postcards in the mail asking if they want to temporarily choose a party for the primary. That affiliation would end 30 days after the vote.
Lawmakers called the vanishing party affiliation plan an important step toward increasing participation in the primaries.
“Coloradans are demanding more inclusion in the presidential primary,” said Rep. Tim Dore, R-Elizabeth.
Some open-primary backers say that doesn't go far enough. Voting-access advocacy group Let Colorado Vote plans to ask voters about presidential primaries in which unaffiliated voters would get primary ballots from both parties; they could simply choose which one to mail back.
“Why should the state's 1 million independent voters be required to take steps not required of other voters?” the group asked in a written statement.
But Colorado's top elections official, Republican Secretary of State Wayne Williams, called the pick-one primary plan unworkable.
“There are a high number of individuals who would respond by sending them both back, disqualifying them,” Williams said.
No matter the mechanism, legislative analysts say it costs several million dollars to run a presidential primary. That's because the parties pay for caucuses, but taxpayers foot the bill for a statewide election.
Williams estimated the price would be $5 million to $7 million, depending on how it worked.
Both parties say they want to retain neighborhood precinct caucuses for local and statewide elections, all the way up to governor. Colorado currently runs a hybrid caucus-primary system for those races, where caucus-goers choose candidates for ballots, with statewide primaries in late June.
DIGITAL PERKS: 6 benefits included with a Coloradoan digital-only subscription
The presidential proposals would not change the process for those races, but would eliminate scenes like those seen on March 1, when roughly 1,500 Democrats flooded the grounds of Fort Collins' Lincoln Middle School on Super Tuesday. Organizers who reserved a space that could fit 324 people were overwhelmed by voters who turned out to back either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, who took the party's nod.
And while long lines and delayed starts were the story of this year's Democratic caucus, some Republicans took issue with their party's decision to skip making a presidential nomination altogether.
GOP frontrunner Donald Trump called Colorado's confusing system “rigged.”
You may also like: Colorado caucus-goers assemble outside Fort Collins middle school due to capacity crowds inside
CLOSE Crowds were forced to assemble outside of Fort Collins' Lincoln Middle School due to large turnout for the Colorado caucus Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1SwS8kl
Several high school students who waved a Donald Trump flag and a “Betsy Ross” 13-star flag at an inner city Grand Rapids football game Friday night are being criticized as racist.
Some Grand Rapids Schools parents said it was inappropriate and offensive for white students from Forest Hills Central to wave those particular flags while playing against the Grand Rapids Ottawa Hills home team, which is predominantly black.
Parent Matthew Patulski, who has two students in Grand Rapids Schools, wrote an open letter Saturday to Forest Hills Schools leaders saying they were shocked to hear Forest Hills students chanting “USA” and “Go green, go white” during Friday night's game, MLive reported.
SEE ALSO: Superintendent slams students for ‘injecting partisan politics' at football game with Trump flag
They said the chanting and flags “left a lot of members of my community unsettled.”
“Your team, your coaches, your families were our guests, yet it seems many of your students are unaware of the negative impact these actions would have on members of our community in our home field,” Mr. Patulski wrote.
Forest Hills Schools Superintendent Dan Behm said the students were participating in a “red, white and blue” theme night honoring the Sept. 11 anniversary, MLive reported.
“There was no ill will intended,” they said. “To the extent anyone felt harassed or intimidated, that was not the intent.
“I think the students feel horrible and I feel horrible,” they said.
Mr. Behm said the student with the Trump flag put it away as soon as someone voiced concerns. The boy's mother, Patricia Gerondale, said the students never intended to harass anyone with the flags.
“It wasn't done to put anyone down or cause any negative feeling,” they said.
But Briana Urena-Ravelo, co-founder of the Grand Rapids Black Lives Matter group, said the students' alleged racist intent was “obvious.”
“You can't deny the overt, intentional racism and intimidation,” they told a local NBC News affiliate.
“For these white kids from a white school to bring out a flag of the colonies with the ‘Make America Great Again' Trump flag to a game with black students on the field, it's all very obvious,” they said.
Mr. Behm said they plan to respond to the community's concerns and address the controversy with Forest Hills students during an upcoming student retreat, MLive reported.
Following on from my recent Cortana blog I have decided to highlight another Windows 10 component, the new Microsoft Edge web browser.
Microsoft Edge, previously known as “Spartan” is an all new “universal” Microsoft application, which encompasses a new rendering engine. As such I expected that the actual forensic artefacts would be in a new or different format from Internet Explorer (IE) version 11. This was not to be the case.
Since IE10 browsing history records are no longer stored in Index.DAT files, but are instead stored in an Extensible Storage Engine (ESE) database format, and Microsft Edge is no different. In fact most of the Edge artefacts are stored in ESE databases.
Edge Artefacts
The Edge settings are stored in the following ESE databse:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_xxxxx\AC\MicrosoftEdge\User\Default\DataStore\Data
ouser1\xxxxx\DBStore\spartan.edb
Advertisement
Note the naming convention of this database - it seems strange that Microsoft didn't bother to rename this file when they renamed the browser itself. In any case this database stores the following tables:
▫ FileCleanup
▫ Folder
▫ FolderStash
▫ MSysLocales
▫ MSysObjects
▫ MSysObjectsShadow
▫ MSysObjids
▫ ReadingList
▫ RowId
The Edge cached files stored in the following directory:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_xxxx\AC\#!001\MicrosoftEdge\Cache\
Advertisement
The Edge last active browsing session is stored in the following directory:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_xxxx\AC\MicrosoftEdge\User\Default\Recovery\Active\
Being Microsoft there is ofcourse a legacy version of IE (version 11) included in Windows 10 (just in case you don't like the new browser) and interestingly enough both Edge and IE history records are stored in the same database:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\WebCache\WebCacheV01.dat
This ESE database can be interpreted by EseDbViewer, ESEDatabaseView or Joachim Metz excellent esedbexport tool. Just be aware that depending on how the computer was shut down this database might be a “dirty” dismount, in which case you may need to use esentutl.exe (from the host OS) before parsing the database correctly.
Advertisement
As well as the history records this database also stores Cookies, HTTP POST request header packets (in hex) and downloads.
This database contains contains the following tables:
▫ AppCache_n
▫ AppCacheEntry_n
▫ Container_n
▫ DependencyEntry_n
▫ HstsEntry_n
▫ LeakFiles
▫ MSysLocales
▫ MSysObjects
▫ MSysObjectsShadow
▫ MSysObjids
▫ Partitions
Advertisement
(example HTTP header in hex taken from WebCacheV01.dat ESE database)
The Container_n tables contain the most relevant information; web sites visited, cookie details, cache file entries. The dates and times associated with the entries are in these tables are again in Google Chrome Value format (same as Cortana) in the timezone of the local machine; the values can be decoded via DCode (but you will be required to omit the last digit). Otherwise esedbexport tool will decode these timestamps for you if parsed using this tool.
EntryId ContainerId CacheId UrlHash SecureDirectory FileSize Type Flags AccessCount SyncTime CreationTime ExpiryTime ModifiedTime AccessedTime PostCheckTime SyncCount ExemptionDelta Url Filename 201 22 0 284570276979030000 1 194 131137 8 1 Sep 29, 2015 10:12:29.116660700 Sep 29, 2015 10:12:29.098233300 Sep 29, 2015 09:12:29.098233300 Jan 01, 1601 00:00:00.000000000 Sep 29, 2015 10:12:29.116660700 0 0 0 http://4236808.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=… activityi;src=4236808;type=invmedia;cat=p0e6wcb6;ord=1126835293[1].htm
Advertisement
It is important to note that if a user has logged into the computer with a Microsoft Account, and then logged into another computer with the same Microsoft Account, all of their browsing history is synched across all devices. That is, every website visited in Microsoft Edge will be detailed in this ESE database, along with the date the website was visited.
What this means from a digital forensics perspective is that there is no definitive way to know if the website entry in the browser history was visited on a particular computer. This can have major implications when conducted internet investigations where pinning a user to a particular computer at a particular time is imperative.
InPrivate Browsing (aka PrivacIE):
Microsoft introduced InPrivate Browsing to protect users from snooping on other users browsing history, for example when you wanted to log into Ashley Madison, prior to their breach of course! In Microsoft's own words,
Advertisement
“InPrivate Browsing prevents Internet Explorer from storing data about your browsing session. This helps prevent anyone else who might be using your computer from seeing where you visited and what you looked at on the web.”
This is similar to Incognito mode in Chrome and Private mode in Firefox. InPrivate Browsing was introduced in Internet Explorer version 8, and is also included in Microsoft Edge.
Advertisement
“When you use Microsoft Edge in InPrivate mode, your browsing information, such as cookies, history, or temporary files, aren't saved on your device after your browsing session has ended. Microsoft Edge clears all temporary data from your device.”
So just how private is InPrivate Browsing mode in Microsoft Edge? Not as private as Microsoft would lead you to believe. Through my research I have discovered that the websites visited while running in PrivacIE mode are still stored in the same IE/Edge WebCacheV01.dat ESE database.
Advertisement
In the Container_n table the website history records are stored. In this table there is a field called “Flag”, if the website was visited in PrivacIE mode there the value of this field will be “8”.
If the last browsing session open was in PrivacIE mode then these records will also appear in the Last Browsing Session database stored in
Advertisement
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_xxxx\AC\MicrosoftEdge\User\Default\Recovery\Active\{browsing-session-ID}.dat
This information is generally used to recover any sessions which are closed unexpectedly, but for PrivacIE Microsoft Edge doesn't give you the option.
Advertisement
The ESE log files often provide information from the PrivacIE browsing session too, these logs files can be located in the following directory:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\WebCache\
Actual cached files related to the websites visited through PrivacIE mode are also stored to disk and can be located in the usual cache directories:
\Users\user_name\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_xxxx\AC\#!001\MicrosoftEdge\Cache\xxxx\
Advertisement
You can identify these PrivacIE cached entries by correlating them with the records stored in the Container_n table detailed above via the “8” flag value.
So what does this all tell you about PrivacIE mode? Well it isn't that private after all. If you are hiding from a spouse/partner then it may suffice but if you are trying to cover your tracks you'd better guess again, any good forensicator will be able to identify and recover your browsing history in a matter of minutes.
RESOURCES:
Any questions get in touch.
Don't forget to connect on LinkedIn & Twitter.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A presenter on Bill O'Reilly's Fox News programme ‘The O'Reilly Factor', mocked revellers at San Francisco Pride, asking men if they are “sure they don't like girls.”
Jesse Watters, a presenter with the show, is seen mocking revellers at the event in a segment which aired almost two-weeks after pride took place.
They ask one man, dressed in a flamboyant costume “are you out of the closet?”, and goes on to ask another: “Are you sure you don't like girls?”
Speaking to a state Assembly Member, they say their “pants are a little tight”.
O'Reilly made an apology last year, after they suggested there was a link between homosexuality and paedophilia.
O'Reilly has changed their stance on same-sex marriage several times, last March claiming there were ‘no strong arguments' against it, and that proponents had done a “credible job” of arguing their case.
Configuration management tools are awesome, if you are still doing everything manually or with bash scripts, then check out my blog post on infrastructure as code. I use Chef as my provisioning tool of choice, and in this blog post I will show you how I provision my servers with a handy tool called knife-solo. I will not explain how Chef works, but I will mainly focus on the knife-solo tool.
Typically, Chef is set up as master-slave, with a central Chef server and Chef clients, called nodes. The Chef server contains the versioned cookbooks, client information and some other stuff like data bags. The clients are fairly "dumb" and simply contact the Chef server on each run, to check if there is a new cookbook version and report the result of those runs.
For a lot of small companies, this master-slave setup is a bit of an overkill. The master server only adds a couple of features that, in my opinion, you don't really need if you are only managing a couple of servers. Alternatively, Chef has a chef-solo command that does not require a Chef server, but the main disadvantage of this "solo-mode" is that the cookbooks need to be stored locally on the clients (because there's no Chef server they can connect to). Luckily, knife-solo adds a few additional commands to the knife tool that can help you solve that problem.
What knife-solo basically does, is rsync the cookbooks from your workstation to the client over ssh, and executes the chef-solo command with the correct node configuration. Cool right? Let's see how you can get started.
Note: All of the following commands should be executed on your workstation and not on your servers. Also, before you start provisioning production servers, test it on a virtual machine first.
Installing knife-solo
First you will need to install Chef, knife-solo and librarian-chef. We will use Librarian to download and manage community cookbooks. Because these are all based on ruby, the easiest way to install them is using the gem command:
> gem install chef > gem install knife-solo > gem install librarian-chef
Then double-check the installation by executing knife solo --help .
Preparing the Chef kitchen
Create a folder, and prepare your kitchen:
> mkdir knife-solo-example > cd knife-solo-example > knife solo init . Creating kitchen... Creating knife.rb in kitchen... Creating cupboards...
This will leave you with the following folder structure:
> ls -al total 9 drwxr-xr-x 10 jens staff 340 23 jun 09:28 . drwxr-xr-x+ 51 jens staff 1734 23 jun 09:30 .. drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 .chef -rw-r--r-- 1 jens staff 12 23 jun 09:28 .gitignore -rw-r--r-- 1 jens staff 329 23 jun 09:50 Cheffile drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 cookbooks drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 data_bags drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 environments drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 nodes drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 roles drwxr-xr-x 3 jens staff 102 23 jun 09:28 site-cookbooks
Some further explanation:
.chef - contains a basic knife.rb configuration file.
- contains a basic knife.rb configuration file. Cheffile - the Librarian-Chef configuration file.
- the Librarian-Chef configuration file. cookbooks - directory for all vendor cookbooks that are installed using Berkshelf or Librarian.
- directory for all vendor cookbooks that are installed using Berkshelf or Librarian. data_bags - storage for data bag files
- storage for data bag files environments - environment configuration (optional).
- environment configuration (optional). nodes - node configuration, knife-solo will automatically create files here for each server you provision.
- node configuration, knife-solo will automatically create files here for each server you provision. roles - role configuration (optional).
- role configuration (optional). site-cookbooks - directory for all your custom cookbooks.
Preparing a server
Before you can start provisioning your server, you will need to prepare it by executing the knife solo prepare command from your workstation. This will install Ruby and the latest Chef version on your remote server.
> knife solo prepare [email protected] Bootstrapping Chef... Installing Chef 11.12.8 Thank you for installing Chef! Generating node config 'nodes/host.json'...
Afterwards, you will see that your nodes directory contains a host.json file with the following content:
{ "run_list": [ ] }
Adding a cookbook
Let's install nginx on the remote server, using the community cookbook and Librarian. Open your Cheffile and add the nginx cookbook like this:
#!/usr/bin/env ruby #^syntax detection site 'http://community.opscode.com/api/v1' cookbook 'nginx'
And download the cookbook with all its dependencies with:
> librarian-chef install
Configuring your node
Now that we have the cookbook, we need to tell Chef to install nginx on our server by editing the nodes/host.json file. The run_list section contains all roles and/or recipes for this specific node. Here we will add the nginx::package recipe which will install nginx using the default package manager.
Cookbooks usually have attributes that are used in the recipes for a finer grade of configuration. In our case, the nginx cookbook has several attributes such as the installed version, the number of worker processes, and so on. More information about the available nginx attributes here.
{ "run_list": [ "recipe[nginx::package]" ], "nginx": { "version": "1.4.4", "default_site_enabled": false, "worker_processes": 4, "gzip_comp_level": 5 } }
Let's start cooking
We're ready to provision our server; the cookbooks are downloaded, the node configuration is in place. Let's start cooking:
> knife solo cook [email protected] Running Chef on host... Checking Chef version... Uploading the kitchen... Generating solo config... Running Chef...
That should be it. You now have provisioned a remote server using Chef Solo. But remember, don't forget to version your infrastructure. You can easily add the entire kitchen to a git repository so that you do have a central versioned storage for your cookbooks and node configuration.
Exposure to emissions from coal-fired power plants over a long period of time is significantly more harmful to the heart than other forms of carbon pollution, a new study says.
The risk of death from heart disease, including heart attacks, was five times as high for people who breathed pollution from coal emissions over 20 years than for those who were exposed to other types of air pollution, according to the study's findings. The burning of coal releases fine particles with a potent mix of toxins, including arsenic and selenium.
“Our results indicate that, pound for pound, coal-burning particles contribute roughly five times as much to heart disease mortality risk as the average air pollution particle in the United States,” said George D. Thurston, a professor of population health and environmental medicine at New York University and lead author of the study.
[EPA rule on greenhouse gases the latest blow to King Coal]
Thurston and the study's 10 other authors said that their findings should end assumptions in previous studies that carbon “particles have the same toxicity, irrespective of their source.”
A coal-fired power plant in Colstrip, Mont. Exposure to emissions from these types of plants is significantly more harmful to the heart than other forms of carbon pollution, a new study says. (James Woodcock/Billings Gazette via Associated Press)
And they said the findings show the Environmental Protection Agency's effort to strengthen regulation of power plant emissions standards — as part of the White House's Clean Power Plan — does not go far enough.
The EPA's calculations for lowering air pollution with stricter coal emissions standards nationwide are wrong, the research shows, because the estimates are based on the assumption that particles from all sources of carbon pollution are equally toxic and carry the same risks.
Windblown particles from dust in Phoenix are far less toxic than emissions from coal-burning power plants in Pittsburgh. And urban motor traffic in Los Angeles produces emissions that are about half as toxic as coal, Thurston said.
“You have to look at the various sources,” they said. “If we want to clean particles, where should we start? We should start with the particles that are most toxic.”
Thurston said governments across the world have taken clean-air models from the United States and applied them without considering that the level of danger is higher or lower depending on the pollution source.
“In the Arab world, there are high levels of particle pollution, but they're from windblown soil,” Thurston said. “You think those are the same as coal? They're not.”
The study, published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, was released Wednesday to coincide with the world climate talks in Paris.
The EPA said in August that its plan would lower power plant carbon pollution that causes “the soot and smog that harm health, while advancing clean energy innovation,” according to its Web site. The agency estimated that it would help Americans avoid 1,700 heart attacks and 3,600 premature deaths.
Nearly half of the nation's state attorneys general filed lawsuits seeking to block the new regulations when they were finalized in September. Patrick Morrisey, West Virginia's attorney general, called the plan “one of the most far-reaching energy regulations in this nation's history.”
Air pollution has been identified by the World Health Organization as a major health threat linked to heart disease across the globe. In the United States, it causes 1 in every 5 heart-disease-related deaths, according to the American Heart Association.
The study relied on a trove of data collected between 1982 and 2004 by the American Cancer Society, which sent hundreds of volunteers to ask approximately 1 million people about their health. The coal study examined information collected from about 450,000 people who lived in areas where pollution exposure data was available.
To reduce the number of people dying from air pollution worldwide, Thurston and their colleagues said there must be a stronger emphasis on reducing coal emissions.
[States sue to block EPA emissions rule — even as some try to comply]
Aruni Bhatnagar, a University of Louisville professor of cardiovascular medicine and a volunteer with the American Heart Association, called the study's findings surprising because of the long-held assumption in previous studies.
Before now, there had been only talk, based on expert guesses, that coal emissions could be “more toxic than other particles,” Bhatnagar said.
Uniforms and sportswear play an incredibly important role in the Olympics, perhaps an even bigger one than you might expect. In this blog, we break down several reasons why uniforms and fitness wear matter, both functionally and aesthetically.
Performance
Uniforms must be designed so that they support performance rather than hinder it. While these uniforms are certainly not major performance enhancers for talented athletes at the Olympic level, they do serve an important physical purpose and come equipped with necessary features. Further, sportswear can never have a “one size fits all” approach because each Olympic sport has unique requirements and environments. For example: sportswear worn for water sports is completely different than that which is worn for dry land sports. A swimmer could not wear a gymnast's leotard because the fabric is thick, not waterproof, and covers too much surface area of the body, adding friction and weight. A great deal of innovation and precision goes into creating uniforms and fitness wear specifically for the Olympic Games, from fabric selection all the way to colour choice and placement. Temperature control and keeping players cool during outdoor sports competitions is also critical, as Rio is an extremely hot city in the summertime. Many competitors also require additional training wear that is different from what they wear during competitions.
Team unity and individual personality
For team sports, uniforms offer a sense of team cohesiveness and unity. In most cases, a team can be identified simply by what they are wearing. Uniforms are also a very important symbol of cultural pride and representation. This is very true of soccer, where jerseys are far more than just a shirt worn on the field. Teams also wear specially designed uniforms for the opening and closing cermonies.
For sports that involve individual competition, uniforms and sportswear help a competitor designate themselves from other competitors and are in many ways a form of expression. For instance, while the outerwear, or pants and jacket worn by gymnasts on the same team is uniform-based, leotard choices tend to be very individual and reflect the personality of that competitor. In cases of sports that have an artistic or dance element, sportswear is often coordinated with the routine in order to enhance and complete the performance.
Staff organization and designation
Competitors aren't the only ones who are required to wear uniforms or a specific type of sportswear during the Olympics. All 87,000 staff members, which includes technical officials, operational staff, medical staff, and general support have customized uniforms that they must wear every single day. At the Rio 2016 Olympics, uniforms have four different bold and bright colours to designate the four different staff categories, and each colour both individually and combined is meant to reflect Rio's rich and dynamic culture.
View the 2016-2020 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Market Report
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
I saw this over at Gawker, and thought that Rand Paul might come off better if I saw the whole video. I think the whole video made it worse. What's most troubling about this interview is not that Paul opposes a portion of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, it's that it's clear Paul hasn't thought much about their position. Lacking a rigorous intellectual framework for their opposition, Paul is wobbly on defense. So what you see, in the main, is Paul trying to change the subject--at one point, I think they actually ask (rhetorically), "Am I a bad person?"
But Paul never settles down and to make the argument. Rachel Maddow repeatedly raises lunch counters, and it would have really pleased me if Paul had just made the case for private sector discrimination. Frankly, I can see the outlines of the argument and am not totally unsympathetic to it. Indeed, I think there's a beautiful justice that's visited upon the random politician who, to this very day, is routinely exposed as belonging to a white country club. There's a kind of social sanction in that embarrassment that I don't think the law can bring. (That said, I trust the people who were actually there more than my own abstract theorizing.)
But what about red-lining? Does Paul know anything about blockbusting ? Do they think banks should be able to have a policy of not lending to black businesses? Do they think real-estate agents should be able to discriminate? Do they think private homeowner groups should be able to band together and keep out blacks? Jews? Gays? Latinos?
I think there's this sense that it's OK to be ignorant about the Civil Rights Act because it's a "black issue." I'm not a lawyer, but my sense is that for a senator to be ignorant of the Civil Rights Act, is not simply to be ignorant of a "black issue," but to be ignorant of one of the most important pieces of legislation ever passed. This isn't like not knowing the days of Kwanzaa, this is like not knowing what caused the Civil War. It's just embarrassing--except Paul is too ignorant to be embarrassed.
I'm sure Paul's defenders will dismiss this interview as a lefty hit-job. But Maddow gave them every opportunity to correct the record, or defend it, and Paul answered with a series of feints and dodges. Not once did they stand up and throw a real punch. You're left wondering how they came to their position and what, precisely, is really at work here. I chose ignorance because it gives them as much credit as intelligently possible. Anything more, in 2010, in the United States Senate, is disgraceful.
From the September 2015 issue
Mirai is Japanese for “the future.” This is Toyota's way of saying that its sedan most resembling SpongeBob SquarePants on a skateboard runs on hydrogen and produces no emissions. The Mirai is the first fuel-cell car offered for sale, not just lease. (The conceptually similar Honda FCX Clarity and Hyundai Tucson FCEV remain corporate property through and after the duration of their leases.) The stand­ard rap on fuel-cell vehicles—that the technology is always five years away—expires when eight California dealers deliver 200 Mirais before the end of the year, followed by another 2800 cars over the next two years. The $58,325 base price isn't much of a return on the 23 years of development and 5680 patents that Toyota invested in this future, but milestones never come cheap.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
To test not only the Mirai but also the first phase of infrastructure that supports it, we visited hydrogen filling stations in the greater Los Angeles region and drove north to the Mojave Desert for performance measurements. Toyota engineer, future thinker, and fuel-cell authority Jackie Birdsall served as chaperone and tour guide without whining about our preemptive range anxiety, barrage of tech questions, or blind-curve photographic maneuvers.
View Photos Top left: The Mirais cabin is less Camry, more Starship Enterprise. But its self-consciously futuristic; the capacitive-touch info displays are relatively conventional, just broken up onto three screens. Right: The filler needs a hard shove to mate with the Mirai. SEAN RICE
Versus the 10,000 or so gasoline stations in California, early adopters will have no more than 20 locations throughout the state to refuel their Mirais. We began our L.A. Basin infrastructure assessment by topping off the Mirai's two hydrogen tanks at a Shell station conveniently located across the street from Toyota's Torrance, California, headquarters. Hydrogen delivered at 10,000 psi gave us an indicated 270 miles of range. This station is fed by an Air Products pipeline that has served nearby oil refineries for 20 years.
Operating the filler nozzle takes patience and a firm grip; push in smartly, yank to verify a secure connection, then squeeze and latch the handle to meter. Birdsall's coaching helped. To increase its density, the hydrogen gas is chilled to just above 0 degrees Fahrenheit. Though the nozzle drips with condensation, it's not cold to the touch.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Before our side trip for testing, we topped off at a municipal services yard in Burbank, home to Disney, Warner Bros., and many classic TV shows. This pump was hidden, but once we located it and entered Birdsall's secret free-fuel codes, our tanks were full in four minutes, resetting the range display to a healthy 270 miles.
View Photos SEAN RICE
The Mirai is at home in the L.A. sprawl. It's comfortable, isolation-chamber quiet, and a pleasant means of enduring clotted freeways. Taking advantage of this car's eligibility for the city's high-occupancy-vehicle lanes, we cruised at the speed limit past the creeping CO₂ producers.
While the Mirai's ability to reach 60 mph in 9.4 seconds and 80 mph in the quarter-mile is adequate to keep up with the Priuses and pool cleaners' pickups, it's unlikely to accelerate any enthusiast's heart. When you nail the right pedal, there's a gentle moan and the nose rises eagerly, providing a false sense of acceleration. But with only 152 horsepower propelling a Camry-sized car weighing more than two tons, this is no Tesla.
Other character traits are more satisfying: Michelin Primacy MXV4 215/35R-17 tires and a nicely tuned suspension deliver crisp steering response. Little of L.A.'s pavement ripple reaches the driver's seat, and body roll is well damped. The Mirai stops from 70 mph in 194 feet, only three feet longer than the last Prius we tested.
Git is a developer's best friend… except when it's not used properly and exposes a site's security.
The tool is used for version control. It tracks changes to code over time, so that multiple developers can work together efficiently and roll back if they need to.
Git is also the core tool used to contribute to social coding site GitHub, though they aren't the same thing.
It's a glorious tool and fairly straightforward to use, but has a steep learning curve, as most of the interactions you'll have with it are through the command line.
Git can also catch inexperienced developers off guard.
As it tracks your changes over time, it keeps them in a hidden folder — called .git. Exposing this to the world is catastrophic.
In many cases, revealing it means giving anyone access to source code, server access keys, database passwords, hosted files, encryption salts and more.
Unfortunately that's exactly what many websites are doing.
Jamie Brown, a developer, wrote on their blog that 1 in every 600 websites has its .git folder exposed to the world.It's a rookie mistake to make when you deploy a site.
Brown says that 2,402 of the 1.5 million sites they tracks have an exposed and downloadable .git folder.
Brown gave me access to their database to verify the claims. I was surprised by what I saw.
A number of major universities, non-profit organizations and large companies are making the mistake of exposing their entire .git folder on the root of their domain.
At many of these groups the data is just sitting there, wide-open at http://example.com/.git/, waiting for an attacker to spot it.
Some of the .git directories are open, but harmless, as the developers had the forethought to exclude sensitive files from their version control. Others aren't so harmless and include masses of sensitive data.
A major website with its source code wide open
Brown said that one prominent human rights group exposed everyone who had signed up for a gay rights campaign, including their home and email address, in a CSV file tracked by their Git repository.
In our testing we came across a major non-profit that had over four years worth of its Git changes available online for the world to see, including SQL database backups.
We can't name the companies in the spreadsheet as many of them still have sensitive data publicly accessible via this method, though I'm working to contact some of the organizations.
Unfortunately for those making this mistake there are already tools that exist to help the casual hacker spot it.
One publicly available Chrome extension automatically tests for the existence of the directory and sends a notification when it is discovered on a site.
It's a dumb mistake with an easy fix: don't upload your .git repository to your website.
If the Git repository containing keys, passwords or hashing algorithms is wide open to those that know how to find it, no amount of security can help prevent an attack.
There are other ways to mitigate the impact if the files were uploaded. Server admins should disable file directory browsing or add a rewrite rule to servers to ban all access to the .git directory.
Many developers are taught not to check sensitive files, like AWS access keys into GitHub, but seem to be forgetting when deploying their sites just how sensitive the .git directory is.
If you're responsible for a website, it's worth checking right now to see if your .git directory is exposed and if it is, remove it.
➤ One in every 600 websites has .git exposed [Jamie's OC]
Read next: Razer confirms Ouya acquisition in a move to strengthen its Android TV gaming
But Mr Freedman said a partnership with Fairfax would not solve Ten's woes. Former Ten investor Laurence Freedman. Credit:Jacky Ghossein "It's the decrepit talking to the destitute," they said. Such a merger would hinge on Fairfax selling its profitable radio stations so it didn't breach media ownership laws. Mr Freedman said these laws, which prevent a media company owning a newspaper, television network and radio station in the one market, were outdated and irrelevant. "New technology a long time ago has made a nonsense for the reason for those laws.
"Every person on the planet is a journalist or an opinion maker or taker and there are no boundaries. To have artificial boundaries makes no sense and also is making life more difficult for media businesses that are caught like Ten and Fairfax. "For Fairfax to sell [its radio stations] in order to buy a semi defunct, old technology company, without a direction or audience, doesn't gel with me." A Fairfax Media spokesperson confirmed the company's management met with Ten recently, but said it didn't mean it would lob a takeover offer. "We wouldn't be doing our job if we didn't talk extensively across the industry so we fully understand the opportunities and challenges," the spokesperson said. Ten has stressed that it is undergoing a multi-year turnaround, focusing on event and reality television, sports rights and winning back media buyers through the success of shows like Family Feud and The Bachelor.
Mr Freedman helped deliver Ten riches in the 1990s by focusing the network almost exclusively on targeting the 16 to 39 year old age group. But they sold out of the company in 2004 after they bought their third phone in a year and found that it had internet connectivity. "That was a very big warning bell for me that the medium was changing, there was newer technology and therefore I was very cautious. "If the audience migrated were going to have a huge problem because who were we going to advertise to. We had the biggest budget of people like Levis, Just Jeans, Coke, Pepsi and all those sorts of things and very little of David Jones because of our audience." People called Mr Freedman mad for selling their stock but their fears were eventually realised.
They said Ten was unlikely win back its audience, which has permanently shifted to online platforms or to rival networks, even if it delivered the best television programs at attractive timeslots. "The way you advertise television is not by putting ads in the newspaper, you put it on your own network. You can't put it on anybody else's network. "But If you put it on your own network and there is nobody watching your own network, then you don't get the viewers going to the new program. It's a very vicious cycle. How you get out of it? You have to transform yourself." Mr Freedman said a free-to-air television licence was still valuable and suggested the network becoming a "hard right wing news channel, a la Fox" could solve its problems. But they said there were a lot of hurdles to achieving that goal. Indeed, Australian Competition and Consumer Commission chairperson Rod Sims said they would have difficulty approving a Foxtel/Ten merger.
"We would have concerns if Foxtel sought to own a free-to-air station because that could substantially lessen competition in the viewing market," Mr Sims said. And Mr Freedman conceded that News Corp, which owns jointly owns Foxtel with Telstra, would face the same problem as Fairfax because its non-executive co-chairperson Lachlan Murdoch owns the Nova Entertainment radio network. "There are a lot of things in its way but my point really is that to turn around is not about trying different programs or different timeslots for the programs it's got. It needs to be revolutionary, not evolutionary." "The management [at Ten] is OK. But they can't do anything with it. "It's like you've got a very good old car but it hasn't got a synchromesh gearbox, it has got narrow tyres, it's got a top speed of 70 kilometres an hour, and its competing with everyone who has got hybrids, and cars that can go 0-100 kmh in three seconds etc, etc… that's what the problem is."
Conor McGregor might be one of the best MMA fighters in the world but oddsmakers don't think they stand a chance against Floyd Mayweather in a boxing match.
Rumors of a superfight between UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor and boxing great Floyd Mayweather began to swirl, again, Wednesday after McGregor was granted their boxing license in the state of California, with more states to come.
In the wake of that news, popular sportsbook Bovada set odds for the hypothetical fight, and they weigh heavily in Mayweather's favor. If the fight were to happen, Bovada has Mayweather at -2250 and McGregor at +950.
Article continues below ...
That means a bettor would have to lay down $2250 on Mayweather to win $100, while a $100 bet on McGregor would win $950.
“This fight is a long shot to happen, in my opinion, and McGregor is a bigger long shot if it does happen,” Bovada sportsbook manager Kevin Bradley told Oddshark.com. “Floyd has never really been hit their entire career against the baddest professional boxers in the world, so Conor will have to shock the world to even lay some leather on Mayweather.
The fantasy matchup between McGregor and Mayweather started earlier this year and has only intensified since then as both fighters have lobbed more than a few verbal jabs at one another.
As it stands today, this fight isn't even close to happening. UFC president Dana White maintains that Mayweather would need to step into the Octagon for it to happen and Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe recently shot down the idea.
But if both sides ever get on the same page, we know where oddsmakers stand.
CLOSE President Donald Trump says they want to lower drug prices and bring pharmaceutical companies back to the United States. (Jan. 31) AP
Buy Photo Eli Lilly and Co. CEO John Lechleiter, left, laughs with David Ricks, a senior vice president and president of Lilly Bio-Medicines, during a press conference Wednesday, July 27, 2016, announcing Lechleiter's retirement and Ricks' succession. (Photo: Kelly Wilkinson / IndyStar)Buy Photo
WASHINGTON – Three weeks after Donald Trump accused drug companies of getting away with murder on drug prices, Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks came away encouraged from a meeting they and other pharmaceutical executives had Tuesday with the new president.
“I was impressed with the president's appreciation for what our industry is, which is really a crown jewel of American enterprise,” Ricks said in an earnings call with Wall Street analysts.
“We talked about a number of their policy proposals which, on balance, I think would be very good for us,” they said later in an interview with IndyStar.
Advocates for reducing the price of medicines were less pleased with the meeting.
“The signs of this meeting I would not call encouraging compared to their recent comments,” said Peter Maybarduk, who heads Public Citizen's access to medicines program.
The week before Trump's inauguration, they lashed out at drugmakers in a news conference.
“Our drug industry has been disastrous,” Trump said. “They supply our drugs, but they don't make them here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder.”
Tuesday, Trump had a breakfast meeting with industry leaders and promised to cut taxes and reduce regulations for drug companies, including speeding up the approval process for new products.
Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn., called that a dangerous idea.
“These regulations are in place for a reason,” they said. “When lives are at stake, it is an outrage that President Trump would consider putting the profits of pharmaceutical corporations ahead of safety.”
Trump also said their trade policy would help drugmakers by prioritizing that foreign countries “pay their fair share” of the cost of drugs.
Lilly could have faced shorter patent protections for its biological drugs under the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement which the Obama administration negotiated and which Trump has rejected.
“Right now, it's very unfair what other countries are doing to us,” Trump said.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vermont, who has made reducing drug prices a top priority, said Trump should focus on prices in the U.S.
“The root of this problem is that we are the only major country not to negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry,” Sanders said in a statement.
Ricks said Tuesday's discussion did touch on drug prices, but not in great detail.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Business newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest in Indianapolis-area business headlines delivered to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Business Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“I think there will be time for that later,” they said.
Trump, during the campaign, criticized the fact that the 2003 law which created a prescription drug benefit for Medicare prohibits the government from directly negotiating with drugmakers for lower prices. Instead, the private insurance companies which offer plans deal directly with drug companies on what medicines will be covered and what they will cost.
“I think that's a good model for the rest of the health-care system,” Ricks said. “So the last thing we would be for is changing Medicare Part D (the drug benefit program).”
By contrast, the law requires drugmakers to rebate medicines the government buys for Medicaid, the jointly-run federal and state health-care program for the poor.
Trump briefly addressed Medicare and Medicaid in comments at the start of the meeting while reporters were allowed in the room.
“We have to get the prices way down,” they said.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later told reporters Tuesday that Trump will be able to get lower drug prices because the industry understands the president will create a climate that supports American manufacturing – and because Trump is a business person.
“He knows how to negotiate,” Spicer said.
They also said Trump understands “the bureaucracy that's holding back some of the negotiating that's allowing these prescription drug prices to drop or get the best deal for the government,” but they did not elaborate on how that would change.
Maybarduk, with Public Citizen, called Trump's comments difficult to parse. And they said Trump could immediately get tough on drug companies if they wanted, such as increasing competition from generic drugs.
“The key is to be tougher on the companies, which benefit from a great many government-granted monopoly powers, tax credits and research dollars – all gifts from the American people,” they said.
Ricks said the government already pays low prices for Medicare and Medicaid drugs. The bigger issue, they said, is many patients with insurance still can't afford prescriptions because of high deductibles or co-payments. That's something that should be addressed when Congress replaces the Affordable Care Act, they said.
“A lot of the frustration with drug pricing, to our eyes, is not so much about the fact that drugs are expensive. That's not really new,” they said. “What is new is that the insurance products that were offered in the ACA program, and even from some employers, put a very significant out-of-pocket payment burden on patients to pay for chronic medications. And we just think that's wrong.”
Lilly stock rose $2.33 to $77.03 Tuesday, the same day the company also reported higher fourth-quarter profits due to sales of diabetes treatments.
Contact Maureen Groppe at mgroppe@gannett.com. Follow them on Twitter: @mgroppe.
Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks spoke with IndyStar Tuesday about the meeting they and other pharmaceutical executives had with President Trump and Vice President Pence. Here is a transcript of the interview, edited for length and clarity.
Q: Did President Trump appear to have a different attitude toward the pharmaceutical industry than when they accused the industry, in a January news conference, of “getting away with murder.”
Ricks: It was a positive meeting on a broad range of topics.
The president expressed, going into the meeting, a good understanding of what we do in terms of creating innovative medicines for serious conditions, and also the industry's footprints on jobs, employment and impact economically…Those two things were important and not widely appreciated going into the meeting.
And then we talked about a number of their policy proposals which, on balance, I think would be very good for us. Looking at regulatory reform at the FDA, the changes that are being contemplated on repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, and taxation – which has a big impact on our manufacturing footprint.
All those things were good. It was an exchange of views and educational for both sides.
Q. Do you expect to have to give up anything in exchange for what the president is offering on reducing regulations and cutting taxes? Would you accept lower profits on Medicare drugs, for example?
We talked a little bit about pricing. Here the industry was able to share our views on the topic in a private meeting. I don't think he'd spent time with that.
In terms of repealing the Affordable Care Act and then what happens next, there were a number of things the industry conceded to back in 2010 to make the ACA happen. Across all of PhRMA, we estimated $100 billion over 10 years in taxes and fees, which we've been paying now for the last 6 years. So if they repeal, presumably that stuff goes away. I don't think anyone in the industry, myself included, would think that whatever is replaced, that there's just a free ride on that. There certainly will be new ideas on pay-fors.
The goal we have, this time around, is to perhaps make sure whatever concessions we do make end up impacting consumers. A lot of the frustration with drug pricing, to our eyes, is not so much about the fact that drugs are expensive. They've been expensive for a long time. That's not really new.
What is new is that the insurance products that were offered in the ACA program, and even from some employers, put a very significant out-of-pocket payment burden on patients to pay for chronic medications, and we just think that's wrong. When people buy insurance, I think they're going to get a break on their health care costs. But when they have to pay full price, which a lot of these high deductible plans, and the ACA silver plans, require, I think they get frustrated. We have a lot of limitations, regulatory limitations, to help patients directly who are in those plans.
Whatever comes out the other side, I'm not personally thinking that there won't be any sort of compromises. I'm sure there will be. But we want a system that works, that gives access, but also affordability.
Q. Trump said at the start of the meeting that “for Medicare, for Medicaid, we have to get the prices way down.” How should that happen?
Ricks: I interpret that as the cost that consumers are paying. I would agree with that statement, particularly for Medicaid and some programs under the ACA. In Medicare, affordability is pretty good for patients who have the so-called Part D insurance coverage. And so is choice. I think that lends a model to us for the future, which is that, in Part D, the government decided to contract with a number of large carriers and every year they bid pricing. Those carriers then make deals with drug companies and have very significant price concessions, which we make to allow them to build a formulary that's both affordable and has choice.
I think that's a good model for the rest of the health care system. So the last thing we would be for is changing Medicare Part D.
There are other parts to Medicare, like hospital-administered drugs and physician services and so forth, which haven't been looked at in a long time.
Medicaid is the lowest pricing we have in the United States. And the second lowest is probably Medicare. Although there may be a desire to get more costs out of the system right now, those two federal programs have some of our lowest pricing available.
I think the bigger issue is what do patients have to pay out of their pocket to get access to a medication their doctor says they need. This idea that high co-payments and high deductibles somehow is good for the health care system, when it comes to chronic medication, that's a big problem, we think. All it does is discourage people from taking medicine.
Q. You may have an advantage because Vice President Pence is from Indiana. Have you been talking to him?
Ricks: Of course Vice President Pence knows Lilly really well and we know him. Indiana is our home and we're the largest private employer in the state. Over the last four years (when Pence was governor) they got to know us well.
I think they appreciate the risk we take in innovation as well as the importance of getting the U.S. health care system right.
They were in the meetings and clearly they are taking a lot of responsibility on the legislative agenda for the Trump administration and therefore, because most of these changes are legislative, I assume he'll be very involved.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2jQXOJS
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 29, 2016, 8:48 PM GMT / Updated July 29, 2016, 11:46 PM GMT By Emma Margolin
Jailed transgender soldier Chelsea Manning is facing “administrative offenses” related to their July 5 suicide attempt that could result in indefinite solitary confinement, their attorneys have said.
Manning, who was convicted in 2013 on espionage charges for sending more than 700,000 classified documents to the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks, was briefly hospitalized earlier this month for an unknown medical condition. It was later confirmed that they had tried to end their own life.
Related: Chelsea Manning Made Failed Suicide Bid in Military Prison: Lawyers
Army officials quickly returned Manning from the hospital to the all-male U.S. Disciplinary Barracks in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, where they are currently serving a 35-year sentence. On Thursday, Manning's attorneys at the American Civil Liberties Union learned that the Army had informed them they were being investigated for serious new charges related to the suicide attempt.
“It is deeply troubling that Chelsea is now being subjected to an investigation and possible punishment for their attempt to take their life,” said ACLU staff attorney Chase Strangio in a statement. “The government has long been aware of Chelsea's distress associated with the denial of medical care related to their gender transition and yet delayed and denied the treatment recognized as necessary. Now, while Chelsea is suffering the darkest depression they have experienced since their arrest, the government is taking actions to punish them for that pain. It is unconscionable, and we hope that the investigation is immediately ended and that they are given the health care that they need to recover.”
According to the ACLU, the new charges against Manning include “resisting the force cell move team,” “prohibited property” and “conduct which threatens.” Manning dictated the complete contents of the charge sheet to a supporter in a phone conversation, the transcript of which was posted on the ACLU's website.
If convicted, Manning could face indefinite solitary confinement, reclassification into maximum security and an additional nine years in medium custody, the ACLU said in a press release. They could also lose any chance of parole.
A spokesperson for the Army did not return NBC News' request for comment as of this publication.
It's not the first time Manning has faced the possibility of indefinite solitary confinement. Last year, they were tried on charges of disorderly conduct for sweeping food onto the floor and medicine misuse for having an expired tube of toothpaste, among other things. Manning was found guilty and sentenced to 21 days without access to recreation, including the gym, library and outdoors.
BOTH HILLARY CLINTON and Donald Trump met at the United Nations this week with Abdel Fatah al-Sissi, the general who led the military coup against Egypt's elected government in 2013 and has since overseen the harshest repression the country has known in a half-century. The candidates' face time with them was unmerited and ill-advised, considering that Mr. Sissi, in addition to overseeing the extrajudicial killing or disappearance of thousands of Egyptians and the imprisonment of tens of thousands, has directed a vicious campaign against U.S. influence in their country.
There was, however, a notable difference in the way that Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton handled the strongman — one that reveals a substantive and important divide on foreign policy. Mr. Trump's post-meeting statement heaped uncritical praise on Mr. Sissi, thanking them “and the Egyptian people for what they have done in defense of their country” and promising to invite the coup-maker for an official visit to Washington.
In contrast, Ms. Clinton, while paying tribute to U.S.-Egyptian cooperation on counterterrorism, “emphasized the importance of respect for rule of law and human rights to Egypt's future progress,” according to their statement. They also “raised concerns about prosecution of Egyptian human rights organizations and activists.” In other words, while Mr. Trump handed a pass to this deeply problematic U.S. ally, Ms. Clinton put them on notice that their abuses will not be ignored if they become president.
[On foreign policy, Trump is the worst of all worlds]
That is important, for two reasons. First, Mr. Sissi's repression — which has included imprisoning or forcing into exile the country's most prominent secular liberal leaders and human rights activists — is, as Ms. Clinton hinted, destroying their country's prospects. Egypt will never recover economically, or regain political stability, while Mr. Sissi stifles open debate and free assembly and employs torture and assassination against Islamist opponents, including those affiliated with the nonviolent Muslim Brotherhood. A failure of the Egyptian state would be a disaster for U.S. interests in the Middle East — and yet that is where Mr. Sissi's policies are leading.
Rivals Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump sought to showcase their foreign policy credentials by meeting world leaders at the U.N. Clinton sat down with the leaders of Japan, Ukraine and Egypt, and Trump also met with the Egyptian president. (Video: Reuters, Photo: AFP)
Then there is Mr. Sissi's fervent anti-Americanism. It's not surprising that Mr. Trump would fail to grasp the strategic implications of the regime's disregard for human rights, given their own contempt for liberal values. But it's striking that a candidate who claims to put America first would overlook Mr. Sissi's practice of systematically targeting American interests and American citizens even while pocketing $1.3 billion in annual U.S. military aid.
The general and their propagandists rant on state television about what they say are U.S. plots to divide and destroy Egypt, using media and civil society groups. The regime meanwhile wages war against American-backed nongovernmental organizations, seizing their assets and charging their leaders with crimes. A U.S. citizen who founded an organization to help street children, Aya Hijazi of Falls Church, has been jailed without trial for more than two years — in violation of Egypt's own laws — on charges Egyptian and international human rights groups unanimously say are fabricated.
Ms. Clinton, to their credit, raised Ms. Hijazi's case with Mr. Sissi and called for their release, according to the campaign's statement. Mr. Trump had nothing to say about them Will a Trump administration be ready to defend Americans who are persecuted by foreign dictatorships? Evidently not, if the dictator is Mr. Sissi.
The New Jersey pastor who co-founded Creation Festival, a Christian music festival held annually in Pennsylvania since 1979, is charged with sexually assaulting minors.
Harry L. Thomas, 74, of Medford Twp., N.J., and pastor of Come Alive Church, is charged with aggravated sexual assault, sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child, according to the Burlington County (N.J) Prosecutor's Office.
 They are accused of assaulting four minors over a 16-year-period, NJ.com reported. The alleged assaults ended two years ago, according to the prosecutor's office. Authorities said the assaults occurred between 1999 and 2016 in Medford.
The prosecutor's office did not name the victims or describe their relationship to Thomas, who played a prominent role in a sensational child-abuse case more than a decade ago, the Cherry Hill Courier Post reported.
Thomas was arrested Wednesday and is under guard by a Burlington County corrections officer at a medical facility, where they are under treatment. A court date has not been set.
The Burlington County Prosecutor's Office is asking for anyone "who may have experienced inappropriate contact" to call the Sexual Assault/Child Abuse Unit at (609) 265-5879.
Creation is one of the largest music festivals in North America. It is held at Agape Farm in Shirleysburg at the end of June/beginning of July and attracts tens of thousands of people for days of worship and music.
A church spokesperson told the Cherry Hill Courier Post that the charges "are unrelated" to their roles in the church and two related ministries: Creation Festivals and Come Alive International.
"It is requested that all pray for the parties involved and refrain from speculation regarding the circumstances," church trustee William P. Darpino told the Cherry Hill newspaper.
With blood dripping from their injured forehead and their clothes in tatters, Nidhi Chaphekar paused for a moment after emerging from the rubble of the decimated Brussels Airport.
The photograph of Ms Chaphekar, an Indian air flight attendantess from Mumbai, lying injured at the airport, epitomises the horrors of the terror attack in Brussels.
Like many of the people injured at the check-in, Ms Chaphekar had just arrived at the terminal ahead of meeting up with their colleagues for a flight to Newark, US, when a series of explosions tore through the building, killing and maiming dozens of people.
Scroll down for video:
The photograph of Ms Chaphekar, (right) an Indian air flight attendantess from Mumbai, lying injured at the airport, epitomises the horrors of the terror attack in Brussels
Like many of the people injured at the check-in, Ms Chaphekar (pictured) had just arrived at the terminal ahead of meeting up with their colleagues for a flight to Newark
An hour later, a third explosion occurred in a metro carriage, leaving a total of 34 people dead in the Belgian capital.
Ms Chapekar, a mother of two children, was one of two Indian cabin crew members flying with Jet Airways and had been working for the airline for the past 15 years, according to The Sun.
Them photograph rapidly gained attention on social media, with #PrayForNidhi trending on social media.
A source close to their family confirmed that they are now in hospital recovering from their injuries.
Around 90 minutes later, 10 were killed when an explosion hit a Metro station near the EU headquarters in the city centre in another suspected terror attack
Cabin crew member Amit Motwani, from Mumbai, was caught up in the blasts but checked in as 'safe' on Facebook
First aid: A private security guard helps a wounded woman outside the terror-struck Maalbeek metro station in Brussels
Appalling scenes: An injured man lies bleeding on the floor of Zaventem airport in Brussels
'She was waiting to board a flight from Brussels to Newark at 10.15am local time.  They are a cabin crew member. We don't have full information on the extent of their injuries,' Jet Airways said of their situation.
We know their location - they are in hospital and receiving medical care,' they confirmed.
Nidhi's colleague, male cabin crew member Amit Motwani, is said to have checked in as 'safe' using the Facebook feature set up to help those in Brussels ease their loved ones' fears. However, reports suggest they may have suffered an eye injury.
The airline said in a statement on Tuesday: 'Two staff members have sustained injuries in the explosion at Brussels airport. Both of them are receiving medical care at hospitals.
Two blasts detonated near check-in desks at Brussels Airport at 7am in a suspected suicide bombing
Broken windows seen at the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near Brussels, Belgium,
Shouts in Arabic were reportedly heard before the explosions which sent shockwaves through the terminal building, shattering windows
Passengers described seeing 'dismembered bodies everywhere' and the ceiling collapsing after two blasts rocked the building
An injured bombing survivor covered in bandages holds their hand to their face in the aftermath of the attacks
'We are working very closely with the Indian Embassy and are in touch with the ambassador to plan the next steps for evacuation of our guests from Brussels.
'Jet Airways has cancelled flights operating to/from and via Brussels.'
The Ministry of External Affairs confirmed in New Delhi that all Indians were safe.
===========================
Title : Vispire
Filename : VISPIRE.WAD
Release Date : 03/21/16
Game : Doom 2
Engine Requirement : none
Author : Michael Jan Krizik (valkiriforce)
Email Address : krizik777@yahoo.com
Misc Author Info : Old school doomer.
Description : A collection of fast, fun old-school maps with varying difficulty levels.
Tools used : Doom Builder, XWE, MS Paint
Known Bugs : none
Other wads by author : MAP13 & MAP30 PC_CP, MAP22 PRCP, Marine's Folly w/Mr. Chris, Doom Core, Reverie, Eternally Yours, MAP06, MAP11, MAP18, MAP23 & MAP32 of Interception, MAP04 & MAP05 Oct11.wad, and some maps for a couple TNT projects and Back To Saturn X.
Credits : Id Software for Doom II and all that.
Build Time : Roughly 17/18 days or so...unless you account for the fact that this took years to get out there.
Big thanks to : Id Software, Csabo for XWE, the guys who worked on DB2, all playtesters.
===========================
*Play Information*
Level# : 1-17
Single Player : yes
Co-op : yes
deathmatch : yes
new gfx : yes
new sfx : no
new music : sorta
Dehacked/BEX Patch : no
=Map Listing=
MAP01: The Darkest Night
MAP02: Rescue Mission
MAP03: The Song Of Yesterday
MAP04: Ruined Refuge
MAP05: Essence Of Chaos
MAP06: Juniper's Sorrow
MAP07: Entrenched
MAP08: Destination Zenith
MAP09: No Man's Game
MAP10: Absolute Zero Ground
MAP11: Hollow's End
MAP12: In Ruins
MAP13: Seaside
MAP14: Key To Ignition
MAP15: Kalamatos Islands
MAP16: Island of Patmos
MAP17: Ocean of Confusion
===========================
*Contributers*
Thanks to TeamTNS for arranging to play this WAD on Thursday Night Survival and Keyboard_Doomer for inviting me
for the occasion. :) Also thanks to everybody who joined in on the fun (Eris Falling, AnimaZero, memfis, etc.)
Thanks to plums, gaspe, EffinghamHuffnagel and rhinoduck for feedback on errors and testing and Ribbiks for that
FDA.
==========================
*Wad description/History*
Just some speedmaps I threw together mostly over the course of 10 days in 2013 - I decided to add a few more
levels at a later point by making maps 13-17.
The first-half of episode 1 is largely red-brick themed, whereas the second half is mostly green bricks. Episode
2 is otherwise mostly an oceanic/rock-themed episode (despite MAP14 borrowing a bit from base textures). I added
some deathmatch playability to these levels some time later, but as to whether it plays well or not I wouldn't
know, considering I'm not much of a regular when it comes to playing deathmatch. Still, I enjoyed creating all-
new areas just for the sake of being able to play these levels on deathmatch.
If you don't want too much of a challenge and are just looking to have fun and play around, try it on I'm too
young to die/Hey not too rough. Otherwise if you'd like to turn up the heat a little try Hurt me plenty or
Ultra-violence for a greater challenge...
Also, this wasn't built with jumping in mind; so it may be possible to get stuck in pits or exit a level early.
MAP01: The Darkest Night
Created on May 23rd, 2013. Just a simple start-up map that I was inspired to make when recalling someone looking
for a certain WAD that nobody could find, but the description they gave sort of gave me a vision for a new level
(even though I still don't know what the WAD itself was...). I later added a deathmatch section just for the fun
of it - it's basically the same level edited for deathmatch purposes.
MAP02: Rescue Mission
Created on May 23rd, 2013. Made this just after making the first map - I'm not too satisfied with that opening
area - it was overflowing with enemies but I found that just kind of bogged things down a bit, so I thought to
downplay that area in favor of just getting things moving into the second area. Not much comes to mind in terms
of inspiration other than just throwing together a closed-quarters area somewhat inspired from the likes of
Hell revealed (though not nearly as difficult...). There's a teleporter secret where you can blast a voodoo
player to telefrag a Cyberdemon - sure, it makes the level much easier, but I had the idea that this "rescue
mission" was either you saving your voodoo from being inclosed in a secret area, or the voodoo sparing you from
fighting this cyber in a closed space. Either way, it was just a fun concept I wanted to play around with. This
one also has a unique deathmatch area of it's own that I added years later.
MAP03: The Song of Yesterday
Created on May 24th, 2013. I think I was partially inspired from Icarus MAP32 for this one, but with more height
variation and additional areas. I quite like how this one came out...also added deathmatch playability to this
one much later.
MAP04: Ruined Refuge
Created on May 25th, 2013. All I can think to say about this one is I just kind of went with whatever came to
mind since at this point I was on a roll of creating a level a day. It was fun building the eastern sections as
well as making a deathmatch copy of it at a much later point.
MAP05: Essence of Chaos
Created on May26th, 2013. A fun little circular area with some dangerous ledges full of enemies. Deathmatch area
was partially inspired from one of my favorite maps in the original Perfect Dark (the north/northeastern areas
might look familiar...).
MAP06: Juniper's Sorrow
Created on May 27th, 2013. Although most of these maps were created within a day, I did go back and make some
additional changes to certain areas such as the western teleport section by adding an area that leads to the
lift which takes you to the main battle arena (it was a little too hectic starting out with everyone staring at
you). Otherwise, I believe that boat area was somewhat inspired from AV's visible boat. Deathmatch area was also
a later addition.
MAP07: Entrenched
Created on May 28th, 2013. Simple idea inspired from the original MAP07 concept - nothing much more to say about
it...yet again the DM area is a copy of the level refitted for the appropriate amount of navigation.
MAP08: Destination Zenith
Created on May 29th, 2013. Rather surprised this one came together so fast - I'm quite satisfied with this one,
as well. Love how the starting area came out with the bridges leading to available Plasma Rifles - I felt part-
icularly inspired for this map. Added DM starts to the level itself so I'm uncertain if it'll play well or not.
MAP09: No Man's Game
Created on May 30th, 2013. I definitely remember being inspired from HR2's MAP09, so I wanted to try my hand at
a similar concept. Although I'll admit it probably isn't as well built considering the amout of infighting that
is available. I did kinda enjoy playing it in deathmatch, though...
MAP10: Absolute Zero Ground
Created on May 31st, 2013. Inspired from AV's Toxic Touch, but on a smaller scale. Deathmatch starts added just
for the heck of it.
MAP11: Hollow's End
Created on June 1st, 2013. Yet again just a few areas stringed together just out of pure imagination. Added DM
starts yet again for the sake of it.
MAP12: In Ruins
Created on June 1st, 2013. Made this just after the other one, this time in a difficult slaughter context.
Should be fine for deathmatching, too.
MAP13: Seaside
Created this one over the course of a few days in February 2015 (Feb. 24th-26th), apparently. I worked on it on
and off during that time, and it had been a long while since I'd last made a Doom map, but I was suddenly
inspired to make one despite procrastinating a little with it over that time. Just wanted to play around with
an oceanic map with multiple floors below - it's done with teleporters in a silly sort of way, but oh well.
There's only so much you can put into a Doom map. I quite enjoyed making the deathmatch area for this one, too.
MAP14: Key To Ignition
Created on January 15th, 2016. After hearing about John Romero's new map after 21 (22?) years and trying it out,
I felt inspired again to make another map for this. Visually, I could see a metal tower with lifts in my mind,
so I decided to play around with that as a concept. Deathmatch area added later, again.
MAP15: Kalamatos Islands
Created the starting area on July 29th of last year before losing interesting and moving onto something else. I
later came back and completed it on February 4th, 2016. Have a rather odd setup for a Cyberdemon fight atop a
floating space above the lava - I know it's not exactly the most ideal setup for a cyber fight, but I tend to
just flow with the visions I have for my maps - no matter how ludicrous. Anyway, I quite like the design, other-
wise. Added deathmatch starts again, only I find the computer bots (since I can only go so far as to testing
it in Skulltag) tend to love running off the main platform and fighting it out on the ocean waters...oh well.
MAP16: Island of Patmos
Created between Feb. 29th and March 1st, because I started it in the later evening and finished it around
2 A.M. or so. This was actually the original idea behind Kalamatos Islands, but I went for something else
with that one instead and created this map much later, obviously. I was somewhat inspired from Thy Flesh
Consumed for that northernmost area and maybe a little bit of Corporate Hell for that techbase area. Added
deathmatch area later on.
MAP17: Ocean of Confusion
Created on March 11th (added deathmatch area later) I had a vision for a fortress-type map that mostly uses
stone textures. I was partially inspired from the work of the Casalis for this one. This one has an Icon of Sin
that doesn't actually shoot out enemies; I wanted to focus more on the surrounding conflict as well as having an
interesting little secret area that allows access into the Icon itself for a fun little setup. You can destroy it
the normal way or you can let the Cyber do the work for you. :)
============================
*copyright*
Authors MAY NOT use any of these levels as a base to build additional levels.
You MAY distribute this file, provided you include this text file, with no
modifications. You may distribute this file in any electronic format (BBS,
Diskette, CD, etc) as long as you include this file intact.
*Doom II is copyright Id Software
Textures for this WAD were taken from:
-Doom II
-Final Doom
-Eternally Yours
-custom textures I made as well as others.
CITYSKY is from DOOMCITY.WAD and was created by Shamus Young - thanks to kuchitsu/memfis for the info. :)
DOWNLOAD Title : Vispire Filename : Vispire.wad Release date : 03.21.2016 Author : Michael Jan Krizik (valkiriforce) Email Address : krizik777@yahoo.com DIFFICULTY: 9.2 (9.9 on Nitemare) REPLAYABILITY: 8.7 DESIGN: 9.5 TIME WASTED: 3 hours ENGINE USED: ZDoom 2.7.1 LEVELS: Doom II: maps01-17 THE REVIEW: (By Blue Paladin) Brutal. Just brutal. Agonizing, um…did I say, brutal? Just checking. If you are a glutton for sadism and torture, this is made for you, my friend. This wad is a grueling, ugly, and 17 level treks through some frustratingly fun Doom gaming. The design is fierce and set up to turn you into a well toasted Swedish meatball in no time flat. You will have to deal with everything Doom has to offer, including taking a few pot shots at John Romero's head on one level. There are ammo pockets everywhere, so this is not one of those kind of wads where conserving ammo is key; wail away at your discretion. Some maps are small, others are immense, some are just a one-man wrecking show (you will die a LOT, trust me). But, it was a blast to just let my hair down, unload dozens of rockets into Cybies, Big Eyes, Bulls, EVRYTHING. I enjoyed the close, dark corridors, as I can corral baddies into them and unload tons of heavy ammo to process some meat. Design wise, nothing innovative, save for 3d bridges, and a football stadium, which was a new one to me. CyberDemons will make a number of appearances in this wad, and using the crossfire tactic will save your ass in those cases. You will be tossed into the hot seat right at map01 and it doesn't let up. You will need to be carried to the final end level; it sucks in there, really. I stayed 75% dead most of the time, with a few breaks via a megasphere, or some well stashed medkits. But, it went to shit in the next room quickly. In one room, I screwed up and got mobbed by Hellknights and Barons; that REALLY sucked ass in lemon juice! But, fun! Overall, this is a well made wad with awesome, designed levels. In fact, these maps kind of reminded me of a retired mapping legend by the name of Cory Bankett. Their KS levels were something to see. This wad is one for the collection, download it and set aside a few hours to die repeatedly, and have fun while doing it! OVERALL? 9.8
The Liwa'a 313 Brigade, a faction of the rebel Free Syrian Army (FSA), has claimed responsibility for a bomb attack which rocked the Bir al-Abed area of Beirut's Dahiyeh suburb, a stronghold of the Hizbullah terrorist group.
In an Arabic statement issued on Facebook Tuesday, the group lashed out at the Lebanese state, which it said actively assists Hizbullah. It claimed the bombing was a response to Hizbullah participation in the Syrian regime's ongoing offensive against the city of Homs - a strategically important position and a hub of rebel activity.
Scores were reported injured in today's attack, but precise details - including casualty figures - were hard to come by, as Hizbullah operatives immediately cordoned off the area and blocked journalists from approaching.
A video aired by Hizbullah's own Al Manar TV shows the scene nearby the blast in its immediate aftermath.
Liwa'a 313 also claimed responsibility for an earlier bomb attack in the Bekaa Valley.
The claim of responsibility is likely to up the ante in the escalating battle between Sunni rebels in Syria and the Lebanese-based Hizbullah, a Shia organization backed by Iran and the Syrian government. It will do little to calm fears that the Syrian civil war is quickly spilling over into Lebanon, a country whose patchwork of sectarian religious and ethnic communities is only tenuously held together at the best of times.
Hizbullah fighters have been battling alongside the Syrian army and pro-government militias to crush the Sunni-majority rebels, and the Iranian-backed group's participation was deemed crucial in the Assad regime's fight to retake the Quseir region, on the Lebanese border.
Syrian rebels have long warned Hizbullah of retaliatory attacks for its intervention in the Syrian conflict.
In May, only hours after Hizbullah leader Hassan Nasrallah first admitted their organisation's direct role in fighting Syrian rebel two rockets were fired into a Hizbullah-controlled suburb of Beirut, injuring four people.
But if the statement of responsibility is genuine, today's attack in Beirut would be the largest yet on Lebanese soil by a Syrian rebel group, and could foreshadow an even bloodier escalation in a conflict that has already claimed at least 100,000 lives.
Researchers propose a new design of highly open liquid-crystalline structures from geometrically unique rigid nanorings.
Researchers from Imperial College London, University of Manchester and Cornell University have used a computational approach to identify a new class of highly porous structures. The structures could be used to produce new materials which have potential applications for the pharmaceutical and photonics industries, among others.
When considering phases of matter, most people think of solid, liquid and gas states. A less-known phase with rather well-known applications is the intermediate between solids and liquids: the liquid crystal state. For instance, liquid crystal displays (LCD) are present in our everyday life, including calculators, phones, computers and TVs. The properties of this unique state of matter depend upon the degree of order in the material: in the smectic phase, molecules are orientationally ordered along one direction and they tend to arrange themselves in layers. Slightly closer to the liquid phase is the nematic phase, in which molecules have no positional order but are preferentially oriented along a given direction (the director).
In a new paper, entitled "Assembly of porous smectic structures formed from interlocking high-symmetry planar nanorings" which was published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS), the authors used a molecular-simulation approach to examine several non-convex molecular geometrically different doughnut-shaped nanoring structures in order to identify the stable microstructures and their liquid-crystalline phase properties.
The researchers investigated a particular class of frame-like particles, namely perfectly rigid and planar nanorings, by direct molecular-dynamics simulation. Starting from a circular shape, they explored ellipsoidal and polygonal geometries; these were modelled by varying the symmetry, the cavity size and the width of the rings. Three types of nanoparticles were compared in terms of various properties: doughnuts (single rings formed from different numbers of tangent beads and symmetries); bands (multi-stacked circular rings made up of identical rings bound sideways); and washers (multi-layered circular rings made up of an outer ring and smaller inner rings).
The doughnut-like, high-symmetry nonconvex rings with large internal cavities were found to interlock within a two-dimensional layered structure leading to the formation of distinctive smectic phases which possess uniquely high free volumes of up to 95% - significantly larger than the 50% which is typically achievable with conventional convex rod- or disc-like particles whose geometries do not lead to this interlocking phenomenon therefore limiting their porosity.
These types of self-assembled arrays are particularly interesting due to their exceptional optical, electrical and mechanical properties which are a consequence of their large surface-to-volume ratios. The highly porous structures are good candidates as adsorption and storage materials and have promising opportunities in a broad range of applications including drug-delivery and therapeutics, catalysis, optics, photonics and nanopatterned scaffolds.
Professor Erich Muller, co-author of the paper and Professor of Thermodynamics in the Department of Chemical Engineering at Imperial College London said "For the first time, we have looked at geometrically unique nanoring structures and found that certain shapes and sizes can lead to highly porous structures with free volumes of up to 95%. This breakthrough has some exciting possible industrial applications in many areas due to their extraordinary electrical, optical and chemical properties."
The different models explored are shown in this figure from the paper. A basic circular ring structure is shown in the first model, from which the rest of the models are derived. The other six models are ellipsoidal rings with different aspect ratios and polygonal rings with decreasing order of rotational symmetry, all of which have similar cavity size as the first model. Models h) and i) show the two extremes of the number of beads which lead to the formation of smectic phases, while model j) is a structure which does not form an ordered fluid structure). The last two models represent a band and a washer model, respectively, where the former has smectic phase properties and the latter forms nematic phase. [Full size link]
Reference:
Avendaño C, Jackson G, Müller EA, Escobedo FA. 2016. Assembly of porous smectic structures formed from interlocking high-symmetry planar nanorings. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1604717113.
Funding:
Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC)
US Department of Energy
National Science Foundation
Cover image credit: Ella Marushchenko
[Article co-written with Dora Olah an Undergraduate student in the Department of Chemical Engineering.]
Poverty rates in the United States increased over the 2000s, a trend exacerbated by the Great Recession and its aftermath. By 2010, just over 46 million people fell below the U.S. Census Bureau's official poverty line (according to data from the Current Population Survey). This preview of The State of Working America, 12th Edition puts the U.S. experience with poverty in an international context, comparing the lower end of the wage and income distribution in the United States with that of “peer” countries, largely countries within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) with roughly similar GDP per hour worked as the United States.
Click here to read more previews from the forthcoming book. Research covered in this publication will be included in the 12th edition of EPI's The State of Working America, which will be released on Tuesday, September 11.to read more previews from the forthcoming book.
The first part of this preview provides a general comparison of poverty and the earnings distribution in the United States and peer countries. Next, it examines the extent to which resources go to the bottom, focusing specifically on the tax and transfer system that redistributes market income and provides a safety net to keep people out of poverty, or to help those who fall into poverty due to unexpected job losses or other reversals get back on their feet.
Poverty and the earnings distribution
One particular point of interest in international comparisons, shown in Figure A, is the ratio of earnings (wages) at the 10th percentile of the earnings distribution to earnings of the median worker. This measures how workers at the bottom fare in relation to the typical worker, with a lower number implying more inequality. As the figure shows, earnings at the 10th percentile in the United States are less than half (47.4 percent) of those of the typical worker. This is the lowest share in the figure and is far below the (unweighted) peer average of 62.0 percent.
Figure A earning at the 10th percentile as a share of median worker earnings in selected OECD countries, late 2000s Note: Earnings is generally defined as gross earnings (wages prior to tax deductions or adjustments) for full-time, full-year workers. Source: Authors' analysis of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's Distribution of Gross Earnings metadata (data group labelled "late 2000s") Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Figure A show that earners at the 10th percentile in the United States are further from the U.S. median than 10th-percentile earners in peer countries are from their own countries' respective medians. However, median earnings vary across countries. Thus, the data in Figure A do not directly tell us how well-off workers at the 10th percentile in other countries are compared with U.S. workers at the 10th percentile.
Figure B directly compares the level of earnings (a measure of living standards) of low-earning workers in the United States with the living standards of low-earning workers in peer countries. The figure is scaled such that earnings at the 10th percentile in the United States equal 100 percent, making it easy to identify countries with higher relative earnings by their longer bars.
Despite the relatively high earnings at the top of the U.S. income scale (as illustrated in the forthcoming The State of Working America, 12th Edition), inequality in the United States is so severe that low-earning U.S. workers are actually worse off than low-earning workers in all but seven peer countries. As shown in the figure, the United States ranks 12th out of the 19 peer countries shown.
Turning to an international comparison of poverty rates, we examine the share of the population living below half the median household income in the United States and select OECD countries, a measure known as the relative poverty rate.
Figure B Earnings at the 10th percentile in selected OECD countries relative to the United States, late 2000s Note: Earnings is generally defined as gross earnings (wages prior to tax deductions or adjustments) for full-time, full-year workers. Source: Authors' analysis of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's Distribution of Gross Earnings metadata (data group labelled "late 2000s") Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Figure C Relative poverty rate in the United States and selected OECD countries, late 2000s Note: The relative poverty rate is defined here as the share of individuals living in households with income below half of household-size-adjusted median income. Poverty rates are based on income after taxes and transfers. Source: Authors' analysis of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Stat Extracts (data group labelled "late 2000s") Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
According to Figure C, in the late 2000s, 17.3 percent of the U.S. population lived in poverty—the highest relative poverty rate among OECD peers. The U.S. relative poverty rate was nearly three times higher than that of Denmark, which had the lowest rate (6.1 percent), and about 1.8 times higher than the (unweighted) peer country average of 9.6 percent.
While the overall relative poverty rate in the United States is higher than that of peer countries, the extent of child poverty is even more severe, as shown in Figure D. In 2009, the United States had the highest rate of child poverty among peer countries, at 23.1 percent—meaning that more than one in five children in the United States lived in poverty (as measured by the share of children living in households with household income below half of median household income). This level is almost five times as high as that of Iceland, which had the lowest level, at 4.7 percent, and over two times higher than the (unweighted) peer-country average of 9.8 percent.
Figure D Child poverty rate in selected developed countries, 2009 Note: The child poverty rate is the share of children living in households with income below half of household-size-adjusted median income. Source: Adamson (2012, Figure 1b) Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Another useful way to look at the extent of child poverty in the United States relative to other countries is to examine the child poverty gap: the distance between the poverty line (defined here as half of median household income) and the median household income of children below the poverty line, expressed as a percentage of the poverty line. A smaller value means that the median household income of children below the poverty line is relatively close to the poverty line, while a larger number means their median income is further below the poverty line, i.e., that they are relatively poorer. Figure E shows that the child poverty gap in the United States is 37.5 percent, the highest among peer countries. Therefore, not only is the incidence of child poverty greater in the United States (Figure D), but U.S. children living in poverty also face higher relative deprivation than impoverished children in other developed countries.
Figure E Child poverty gap in selected developed countries, 2009 Note: The child poverty gap is the gap between the poverty line and the median income of children below the poverty line, taken as a share of the poverty line. The poverty line is defined as half of household-size-adjusted median income. Source: Adamson (2012, Figure 7) Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Resource allocation
To show how taxes and transfer income affect poverty rates, we can compare poverty rates based on income calculations that include taxes and government transfers (Figure C) with rates based on income calculations that exclude them (“pretax and transfer” poverty rates). While differences in the latter can be attributed to differences in market outcomes (such as the domestic economy but also a country's minimum wage, level of unionization, and other labor market institutions), the former reflects both market outcomes and variations in the extent of tax and transfer programs for low-income households. Differences between the two poverty rates are solely due to the government safety net.
Figure F plots the differences between pre- and post-tax and transfer poverty rates in the United States and peer countries. (As with Figure C, the measure used here is the relative poverty rate, the share of the population below half of median household income.) For example, the pretax and transfer poverty rate in the United States in the late 2000s was 27.0 percent, while the post-tax and transfer rate was 17.3 percent. The difference, 9.7 percentage points, is how much the U.S. tax and transfer system reduced the poverty rate. Among the peer countries in Figure F, the United States' tax and transfer system does the least to reduce the poverty rate. In contrast, tax and transfer programs reduced the poverty rate in France by 25.4 percentage points (from 32.6 percent to 7.2 percent post tax and transfer). France's redistributive programs lowered poverty by about 2.5 times as much as those of the United States. The (unweighted) average effect of peer countries' tax and transfer programs is a poverty-rate reduction of 17.4 percentage points—an effect nearly two times greater than that produced by such programs in the United States.
Figure F Extent to which taxes and transfer programs reduce the relative poverty rate, selected OECD countries, late 2000s Note: This figure plots the differences between each country's pre– and post–tax-and-transfer relative poverty rate, where relative poverty is the share of individuals with income below half of household-size-adjusted median income. Source: Authors' analysis of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Stat Extracts (data group labelled "late 2000s") Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Figure G Social expenditure and relative poverty rates in selected OECD countries, late 2000s * The relative poverty rate is the share of individuals with income below half of household-size-adjusted median income. Poverty rates are based on income after taxes and transfers. Note: Social expenditure is government expenditure on social programs, such as Social Security and Medicare in the United States. The equation for the trend line is y = -0.2559x + 0.1528 and the R¬¨‚â§ = 0.1266. Source: Authors' analysis of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Stat Extracts (data group labelled "late 2000s") Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
While Figure F shows the effect of taxes and transfers on poverty rates, it does not show levels of social spending (for example, government expenditures on Medicare and Social Security in the United States). Figure G shows total social expenditure as a share of GDP for the United States and select OECD countries plotted against their post-tax and transfer poverty rates (from Figure C), providing a clear picture of the relationship between social spending and poverty. Of these countries, the United States stands out as the country with the highest poverty rate and one of the lowest levels of social expenditure—16.2 percent of GDP, well below the vast majority of peer countries, which average 21.3 percent (unweighted). The figure suggests that relatively low social expenditures are at least partially implicated in the high U.S. poverty rate.
Together, Figures F and G demonstrate that peer countries are much more likely than the United States to step in where markets and labor policy fail in order to lift their most disadvantaged citizens out of poverty.
— The authors thank Natalie Sabadish for their valuable research assistance.
References
Alan Heston, Robert Summers, and Bettina Aten. 2011. Penn World Table Version 7.0, Center for International Comparisons of Production, Income and Prices at the University of Pennsylvania. http://pwt.econ.upenn.edu/php_site/pwt_index.php
Adamson, Peter. 2012. “Measuring Child Poverty: New League Tables of Child Poverty in the World's Rich Countries,” UNICEF Innocenti Research Centre Report Card 10. http://www.unicef.org.uk/Documents/Publications/RC10-measuring-child-poverty.pdf
Current Population Survey Annual Social and Economic Supplement. Historical Poverty Tables (Table 2). 2010. http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/index.html
International Monetary Fund. 2011. World Economic Outlook Database [Excel file]. http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2011/02/weodata/index.aspx
Mishel, Lawrence, Josh Bivens, Elise Gould, and Heidi Shierholz. 2012 (forthcoming). The State of Working America, 12th Edition. An Economic Policy Institute book. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Various years. OECD.Stat Extracts public data series. http://stats.oecd.org/
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Various years. Distribution of Gross Earnings of Full-time Employees and Gender Wage Gap. [Metadata Excel file] http://www.oecd.org/document/34/0,3746,en_2649_33927_40917154_1_1_1_1,00.html#deciles
Stian Eikeland A former Anonymous hacker says that all the security tools in the world can't patch the biggest security hole: people.
Cisco interviewed the hacker known as @SparkyBlaze, who quit the group a couple weeks ago because they thought some members were spending too much time targeting innocent people.
They confirm what a lot of security experts know but won't say, because they're often trying to sell a technological solution: the most effective form of hacking is social engineering -- getting people to disclose their passwords and other information.
As they put it:
In my mind social engineering is the biggest issue today. We have the software/hardware to defend buffer overflows, malware, DDoS and code execution. But what good is that if you can get someone to give you their password or turn off the firewall because you say you are Greg from computer maintenance just doing testing. It all comes down to lies, everyone does it and some people get good at it.
Tools are certainly important -- elsewhere they criticize companies for not using encryption software.
But it's equally important to train employees not to open strange attachments, to implement physical security so people can't just walk in and steal data, and to educate everybody on social engineering and how to avoid it.
As far as the hacker himself, they say he's a 20-something white male from Manchester, England, and is moving to the U.S. to study ethical hacking and try to get a job. They also love guns, and the U.K. doesn't have a lot of shooting ranges.
On this new series I will explain what dependency injection is, what its main purpose is and how to use it on an Android project by using Dagger, the best know implementation designed with Android in mind.
It will be a follow-up from my previous post about MVP for Android, because I know some of you are quite interested in see them implemented in the same project, and I think they work quite well together.
This first part is going to be only a little theory to settle the basis. It's important to understand what it is and why it exists, because if not we will think the benefits are not enough for the effort.
What is a dependency?
If we want to inject dependencies, we first need to know what a dependency is. In short, a dependency is a coupling between two modules of our code (in oriented object languages, two classes), usually because one of them uses the other to do something.
Why dependencies are dangerous?
Dependencies from high to low level are dangerous because we couple both modules in a way that if we need to change one module with another, we necessarily need to modify the code of the coupled module. That's really bad if we want to create a testable app, because unit testing requires that when we are testing a module, it is isolated from the rest of modules in our app. To do this, we need to substitute dependencies with mocks. Imagine a code like this:
public class Module1{ private Module2 module2; public Module1(){ module2 = new Module2(); } public void doSomething(){ ... module2.doSomethingElse(); ... } }
How do we test ‘doSomething' without testing ‘doSomethingElse'? If test fails, what method is the one that is failing? We can't know. And things get worse if this ‘doSomethingElse' method saves something in database or performs an API call.
Every ‘new' we write is a hard dependency we probably need to avoid. And no, writing less modules isn't a solution, don't forget single responsibility principle.
How to solve it? Dependency inversion
If we can't instantiate modules inside another module, we need to provide those modules in another way. Can you imagine how? Exactly, via constructor. That is basically what dependency inversion principle means. You shouldn't rely on concrete module objects, only on abstractions.
Want to learn Kotlin? Check my free guide to create your first project in 15 minutes! GET THE FREE GUIDE
Our previous example code would be something like this:
public class Module1{ private Module2 module2; public Module1(Module2 module2){ this.module2 = module2 } public void doSomething(){ ... module2.doSomethingElse(); ... } }
So what's dependency injection?
You already know! It consists of passing dependencies (inject them) via constructor in order to extract the task of creating modules out from other modules. Objects are instantiated somewhere else and passed as constructor attributes when creating the current object.
But here it comes a new problem. If we can't create modules inside modules, there must be a place where those modules are instantiated. Besides, if we need to create modules with huge constructors including lots of dependencies, code will become dirty and hard to read, with objects travelling around the inmensity of our app. That's what a dependency injector solves.
What is a dependency injector?
We can consider it as another module in our app that is in charge of providing instances of the rest of modules and inject their dependencies. That is basically its duty. The creation of modules is localized in a single point in our app, and we have full control over it.
And finally… What is Dagger?
Dagger is a dependency injector designed for low-end devices. Most dependency injectors rely on reflection to create and inject dependencies. Reflection is awesome, but is very time consuming on low-end devices, and specially on old android versions. Dagger, however, uses a pre-compiler that creates all the classes it needs to work. That way, no reflection is needed. Dagger is less powerful than other dependency injectors, but it's the most efficient.
Is Dagger only for testing?
Of course not! It makes easier to reuse your modules in other apps, or even change them in the same app. Think for example in an app which takes its data from some local files on debug and from an API service on release. That's perfectly possible by injecting one module or another on each case.
Conclusion
I know this post it's a bit hard, but I think it's very important to establish the terms we are going to deal with on next episodes. We already know what dependencies are, what we improve with dependency inversion and how we can implement it by using a dependency injector.
On next episode we will get our hands dirty. so stay tuned!
Author: Antonio Leiva I'm in love with Kotlin. I've been learning about it for a couple of years, applying it to Android and digesting all this knowledge so that you can learn it with no effort. Twitter Linkedin Github
Shares
Like this: Like Loading...
VOICE ACTING
Can You Get Through A 60-Sec VO Spot
Without Stumbling? Tips For Fluent Reading ...
October 9, 2015
By William Williams
Voice Actor & Coach
Ive been teaching voice overs for 20 years, and every student begins with the same declaration: "I can talk and I can read, so I can do this.
One of the first things we discover is that half of these talents cant read.
Now, I dont mean they read like in the first grade, "See Spot run. Run, Spot, Run. I mean they cant get through a 60-second ad without stumbling on words, missing words or substituting words.
Some aspire to read audiobooks in their career. Well, trust me, if you cant nail a 60-second spot, youll never get through a 257,000-word Harry Potter book.
WHY JOHNNY CAN'T READ
Reading isnt as simple as you think it is.
Your eyes have to track the words as you read and synchronize with the pace of your speech.
You have to recognize and pronounce the words as they flow by.
Then you process the meaning of the words in your mind.
Finally, you express, not just the words, but the meaning of the words in your speech by adding various inflections. And things can go wrong at any stage.
So if you have trouble reading, here are some hints on how to identify your weaknesses and improve your skills.
SYNCH YOUR EYES
You learn to read by reading out loud. But very soon you learn to read to yourself. And you can read to yourself faster than you talk.
So you may find your eyes are a racing rabbit and your mouth is crawling tortoise trying to keep up.
Suddenly your brain says, "Where am I?!"
To teach your eyes and speech to synchronize, try guiding your eyes by pointing to the text with your finger or a pencil tip. Keep it moving along as you read. Youll find this keeps your eyes from jumping ahead.
This will improve the flow of your reading with less stumbling.
AUTOMATIC WORD READING
You may think we sound out the letters when we talk. We do at first, but very quickly we just learn the shape of the letter combination and we process a word as a unit.
Taht si wyh yuo cna udnersatnd tihs sentesne.
But is takes practice to learn this automatic recognition of words. If you dont recognize a word, you have to pause to decode it. Or worse still, your mind may guess the intended meaning and just substitute any word that works.
The more words you automatically recognize, the faster and more accurate your reading will be.
To improve automatic reading you need to read! More. A lot. Out loud.
Dont worry about speed. Concentrate on accuracy. Start with simple material and then work toward widening your automatic vocabulary.
The actual recognition of words should become unconscious behavior. If you dont have to concentrate on decoding the individual words, then you can allow your mind to pay attention to comprehension of the meaning of the words.
WORD GROUPING AND PHRASING
We also dont read individual words. Most languages group words together to enhance ideas. Adjectives connect with nouns, adverbs describe verbs.
For example:
The sentence, "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog really says "Fox jumped dog. Ah, but its:
the [quick brown fox] who
[jumped over]
the [lazy dog]. As youre reading, try to sense which words work together like this, and learn to group these words in your speech.
Also, most sentences - especially in business copy or in advertising copy - are constructed from smaller, easy to read phrases.
So the previous sentence becomes:
Also most sentences,
especially in business copy
or in advertising copy
are constructed
from smaller,
easy to read phrases If you have trouble with [word grouping] /or phrasing/ you can try/ marking your copy /with [brackets for grouping]/ and [slashes for phrasing].
THEN ADD PROSODY
Theres a word you dont see every day. "Prosody is the linguistic term for the melody and variety in speech. Prosody includes changes in pitch, tone, stress and rhythm.
Two important aspects of English are word stressing and sentence pitch direction .
Word stress is so common we have a way of writing it with underlines, italics or bold type. And word stress adds additional meaning to a sentence.
In "Tom is here, Tom doesnt move, but where we think they are changes:
Tom is here  we didnt expect Tom to arrive.
is here  we didnt expect Tom to arrive. Tom is here  we thought Tom wasnt here.
here  we thought Tom wasnt here. Tom is here  Tom didnt leave. Try reading this:
Sentences can go up.
And sentences can go down.
Or go up and then go down again.
Or go down and the go up again. BECOME A FLUENT READER
Remember that one kid in third grade who could make "The Cat in the Hat sound like Orson Wells or Katharine Hepburn reading the Old Testament?
When all these reading skills come together you become what we call a Fluent Reader.
And it is an ability you can acquire.
So if youre having trouble reading out loud, dont fret. Its a skill you last worked on and practiced in elementary school.
Look over this list of possible problems to identify your weakness and then practice improving that aspect of your reading.
Fluent reading will speed up your auditions and make your jobs easier. And it will give you more time to concentrate on your artistic interpretation of the copy.
Then, who knows? Maybe you will book that Harry Potter job.
And remember keep talking!
--------------------------
ABOUT WILLIAM
William Williams has worked for the last quarter century as owner of Aliso Creek Productions. As a voice talent, they have voiced national, regional and local commercials for AT&T, Apple Computer, Radio Shack, Princess Cruises, Chicago Tribune and many more. They have directed Nancy Cartwright, Michael York, Yakov Smirnoff, Jack Mayberry and other top voice talent. And they teach commercial and animation voice over, offers private coaching and demo production in their studio in Burbank, CA and online.
Email:
Web: Email: william@alisocreek.net Web: http://alisocreek.net
Your Daily Resource For Voice-Over Success Follow News & Features
Share. Over 35,000 unauthorised logins to Konami ID have been detected. Over 35,000 unauthorised logins to Konami ID have been detected.
Konami has become the latest high-profile target of a cyberattack.
Earlier this week the publisher detected 35,252 unauthorised logins to its Konami ID service from over 4 million attempts. The IDs and passwords appear to have been leaked from an external service provider, which has yet to be named.
In an official statement, the Japanese company revealed the attack took place over an extended period of time between Thursday, June 13th, 2013 and Sunday, July 7th, 2013. And Konami has stated that names, addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers and email addresses may have been exposed during the attack.
Measures have already been taken to block the IDs and Passwords used in the breach, and those users affected should have already been contacted by email. But the publisher is urging all users of the Konami ID service to reset their password.
Daniel is IGN's UK Staff Writer. You can be part of the world's most embarrassing cult by following them on IGN and Twitter.
Detroit (CNN) Hillary Clinton lambasted Donald Trump's economic plans in a speech Thursday as nothing more than a huge tax break for himself, labeling tax cuts they proposed earlier this week as "the Trump Loophole."
Throughout their speech on the floor of a factory north of Detroit, Clinton accused Trump of using their presidential campaign to boost wealthy people like himself, looking to drive home a message that the only person Trump is looking out for is Trump.
"He would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers," Clinton said. "In their speech on Monday, they called for a new tax loophole -- let's call it the 'Trump Loophole'."
They added, "It would allow them to pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of their companies. He'd pay a lower rate than millions of middle class families."
Clinton slammed the Republican nominee for proposing to eliminate of the Estate Tax, a move that would save their family $4 billion dollars based on the $10 billion Trump says they are worth.
"He's offered no credible plans to address what working families are up against today," Clinton said. "Nothing on student loans or the cost of prescription drugs. Nothing for farmers and struggling rural communities ... Nothing for communities of color in our cities to overcome barriers of systemic racism. Nothing to create new opportunities for young people."
Clinton closed the speech by arguing that Trump is only offering "a more extreme version of the failed theory of trickle-down economics, with the addition of their own unique Trumpian ideas that even Republicans reject."
"He hasn't offered any credible solutions for the very real economic challenges we face," Clinton said. "Now those challenges emerged long before the recession, and they've persisted through our recovery. There's too much inequality, too little upward mobility. It's just too hard to get ahead."
With economic numbers improving but many Americans not feeling a boost, the economy has become a flash point in the 2016 race. Clinton has looked to counter Trump's populist, anti-trade message with pledges to help the middle class, small businesses and American manufacturers.
"Now, before they tweet about how he's really one who'll put 'America First' in trade, let's remember where Trump makes many of their own products," they said. "Because it's sure not America. He's made Trump ties in China and Trump suits in Mexico instead of here in Michigan. They keep saying it's not possible to make these things in America anymore. That's just wrong."
Clinton said Thursday that Trump "may talk a big game on trade, but their approach is based on fear, not strength."
Clinton accused Trump of being afraid to stack American workers up against the competition, saying: "If Team USA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room. Instead, they're winning gold medals."
Clinton's speech was not a new policy roll out, but was more intended to be a direct rebuttal to the mix of tax breaks and a simplification of the tax code that Trump outlined in an economic address on Monday in Detroit.
Trump said, as president, that they would halve the number of income tax brackets and vowed that the poorest Americans will not pay any taxes.
Clinton aides said Thursday that while the speech was in the works for weeks, their desire to respond to Trump's economic plan in the same area they did it was heightened after they watched Trump's speech on Monday. Aides said they wanted Clinton themselves as the "candidate will stand up for working families and the middle class" while arguing that Trump will be the candidate that "only benefits millionaires like himself."
The one new policy prescription Clinton did propose on Thursday: Expanding the child tax credit, a deduction worth $1,000 per qualifying child under the age of 17.
Clinton delivered their economic address in Macomb County, just outside Detroit, in the heart of some of the nation's most fabled political terrain.
It was here the term "Reagan Democrat" was coined after they visited the county and made a plea to voters feeling the pains of economic hardship.
Yet, as Trump attempts to run an economic populist campaign that hits Clinton on trade and taxes, it's an open question whether the history books will be updated with the term "Trump Democrats" after November.
Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard said they expect there to be more '"Hillary Republicans" in Michigan.
"You're talking about 36 whatever years ago, and a lot has changed," Blanchard told CNN. "There's still a lot of people with fond memories of Reagan but they were measured, optimistic, positive, I don't think I remember them saying an unkind word about anybody. So it would be a totally different style and I think Hillary Clinton will not only carry Macomb County as Obama did, but carry Michigan."
The county, which is filled with disaffected Democrats, out-of-work blue collar workers and is less racially diverse than nearby Detroit, should be prime territory for Trump.
But Clinton's campaign sees it as fertile territory for them to seize on Trump's vulnerabilities by questioning their commitment to the American economy by noting their history of outsourcing.
Trump overwhelmingly won Macomb County in the Republican Primary, winning almost 50% of the vote in a crowded field. And where did they rally days before Republicans went to the polls: Macomb Community College Sports & Expo Center in Warren, a venue just miles from where Clinton spokes on Thursday.
As Clinton rolled into Warren before their speech, pro-Trump protesters, some holding signs that read "Hillary for Prison," marched up and down the street in front of the machining and manufacturing plant in swing Macomb County.
Clinton's speech came at the same time that their campaign is mounting a concerted effort to win over Republicans disaffected by Trump's candidacy.
On Wednesday, the Clinton campaign launched "Together for America," a group of Republican politicians, strategists and academics who have come out for Clinton. The list includes former Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez, former Congressman Chris Shays and former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte.
Clinton aides see their focus on the economy, especially spurring small businesses growth and investment in American industries, as one area that more Republicans could be drawn away from Trump.
The Trump campaign issued a statement Thursday, saying: "Right now the American economy is only working for the rigged system in Washington and on Wall Street, yet Hillary Clinton is running to keep things as they are. Clinton's plans today will short circuit our economy by raising taxes, increasing spending and killing jobs. Donald Trump presents a better vision and a new direction -- a plan to unleash prosperity, create jobs and increase wages so that all Americans can succeed."
Warning: Possible spoilers ahead!
Strong Woman Do Bong Soon will be airing its last episode tonight on JTBC. On Episode 15, Do Bong Soon provided vindication for the four kidnapped young women, including their best friend, Na Kyung Shim, as they captured psycho kidnapper Kim Jang Hyun at last. In an ironic twist of events, the crazy criminal ended up in their own steel bars after Bong Soon, Ahn Min Yuk, and In Gook Doo cornered them in a construction site where our hero had their first encounter with the criminal.
The JTBC series show producer said that viewers “will find what they are looking for” as they wrap up the drama. “The ending will have everything viewers are looking forward to,” the EP further added.
[Image by JTBC]
This leads to high expectations for Episode 16 after Bong Soon has finally put on an end to the episode of the creepy Kim Jang Hyun played by Jang Mi Kwan. However, fans have been clamoring for more lovey-dovey scenes between Min Hyuk and Bong Soon. There are even hopes that the onscreen couple would get married before the series concludes.
Titular lead actor Park Bo Young recently shared their favorite scenes in the drama. One of these was when they realized that they don't need to hide their power and that they could use it to do good. This was when they witnessed a pervert violating a female passenger on the bus. Bong Soon then delivered justice for the pervert's actions.
“I liked the scene also because it felt good to act out the change in Do Bong Soon's perspective [on their powers],” the actor said.
They also shared their favorite line where they tearfully confronted their mother for playing favorites between them and their weaker twin, Do Bong Ki. Fans were moved by Bo Young's emotional call to their mother to love them as much as they do their sibling. In later episodes, Bong Soon's mom would explain that they protected Bong Ki more because they knew Bong Soon would be able to handle themselves given the power that was passed on to them by their ancestors. But this doesn't mean that they loved their superhuman daughter any less.
On the other hand, Park Hyung Sik's favorite scene was that of Episode 14, where they stared longingly at Bong Soon and said, “Please look at me. Please love me.”
[Image by JTBC]
This scene happened after the emotional moment when Bong Soon, having lost their superhuman strength, was finally caught by Kim Jang Hyun in chains. They then tied a bomb to them that would set off in minutes, causing the whole Ainsoft building to blow up. In a desperate but hopeless attempt to rescue Bong Soon, Min Hyuk chose to stay with them knowing full well that the bomb will definitely take their life too. According to Soompi, Hyung Sik shared how this scene really made an impression on him.
“I don't think I've ever experienced a more thoughtful and emotional scene before. Even thinking about it now, I can still feel lingering emotions in my heart from that scene that I just can't explain in words.”
This further made fans' hearts flutter as they hope for a real-life relationship to eventually happen between Hyung Sik and Bo Young. According to insiders of the K-drama, the couple would often be seen sharing gentle back rubs during filming. Dating or not, the actors' chemistry and connection definitely helped in making this K-drama one of the top-rated ones shown this season.
Meanwhile, the cast and crew of Strong Woman Do Bong Soon are headed on a reward vacation to Bali on April 20. It has been confirmed that Hyung Sik and Bo Young will be joining cast members Ji Soo, Kim Won Hae, and Im Won Hee on a one-week break, after wrapping up production of the K-drama.
Prior to Bali, Hyung Sik and Bo Young will be making a side trip to Singapore on April 29 for a public Meet and Greet session to be held at the Korea Travel Fair 2017. The event will take place at the Main Atrium (Level 1) of Plaza Singapura at 2 p.m.
According to the Weekender, fans could join an online contest for a chance to have a photo opportunity with both Hyung Sik and Bo Young onstage during the said event. Fifty winners would also get a chance to win autographed posters of the K-drama.
Don't miss Strong Woman Do Bong Soon‘s finale tonight on JTBC.
[Featured Image by JTBC]
(KXM is an illiquid Canadian stock with a market cap of $26M.)
Kobex's liquidation value is in the ballpark of 70 cents/share and currently trades at 55 cents/share.
Kingsway Financial Services is going activist on Kobex Capital. This makes me like the stock a little more as the catalyst of activism should raise the internal rate of return on a position in the stock. However, I'm a little wary of activist investing mainly because management teams often like to fight activists with shareholder money. The legal fees and any severance payments will likely reduce the value that's left for shareholders.
To a small degree, this is happening. Kobex has scheduled the shareholder meeting that Kingsway has asked for but it seems like shareholder money will be used to pay for professional services. From the press release:
In addition to retaining Stikeman Elliott LLP as its legal advisors in connection with the requisition, Kobex has retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. as its proxy solicitation agent.
Other comments
What Kobex hasn't done is issue a press release defending themselves and explaining why their current strategy is a good one. I'm not sure why they haven't done that, though I would not assume that it's a red flag.
That Kingsway is going activist in the first place says something about Kobex's management. Presumably, Kingsway has brought its concerns to Kobex's CEO (Phil du Toit). Presumably, the CEO did not reach an agreement with Kobex, triggering its current activism. This could imply that management is not focused on creating shareholder value.
What I would do if I ran Kobex
Firstly, I agree with Kingsway that corporate overhead is too high. This is likely due to Kobex's origins as your typical junior exploration company / “management employment agency”. Some of the old deals will roll off, such as Kobex paying too much for an office lease. From the annual financial statements:
The Company is party to an office sub-lease agreement, which expires February 2, 2016, with Copper Mountain Mining Corporation who had a director in common until June 14, 2013, for premises it has vacated.
Kobex is currently subletting its office space for $15/sqft while paying $25/sqft because it is stuck in its lease.
Kobex might be overpaying somewhat for services from Ionic. Given that the company's main assets are cash and a single stock, the CFO's job shouldn't be that complicated.
Effective July 9, 2013, the Company entered into a corporate service agreement with Ionic Management Corp. (“Ionic”), whereby Ionic will provide to the Company various administrative and corporate services, including the services of the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company pays Ionic a fee of $10,000 per month effective January 1, 2013. Ionic is also reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of its services. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company incurred $120,000 (2013 – $71,370) of such costs to Ionic. As at December 31, 2014, $10,556 (December 31, 2013 – $27,215) owing to Ionic was included in the accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
Directors' fees total $172,750. I agree with Kingsway that Kobex can lower the board of directors' fees to $50k/year. For example, MTY Food Group (market cap $613M versus Kobex's $26M) pays $40k for its 3 outside directors and saves money by having its employees fill the other board seats for free.
Tax assets
Kobex has $38.5M in deferred tax assets that can be used to reduce future taxes. There is a temptation to invest Kobex's cash and have the profits shielded from taxes for a long time. These tax assets currently are not recognized on the balance sheet.
Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these items because there is no objective evidence that it is more likely than not that the Company will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize tax losses and other deductible items
Share repurchases
In the past, Kobex did buy back some of its shares but has currently stopped even though shares continue to trade at a discount to NAV. In general, junior mining companies tend to do this because:
They buy back shares to promote the stock and/or to avoid attention from activists. They stop buying back shares because they realize that (A) less cash at the company means lower salaries and (B) excessive corporate overhead is very onerous for small companies.
One path that Kobex could take is to repurchase shares and later liquidate the company, avoiding the effects of onerous corporate overhead. Doing so would throw away the value of the tax assets. However, shareholders would see a nice short-term return on their investment.
Mountain Province Diamonds
This is the only stock that Kobex owns. I do not like MPD because:
It's junior mining. Junior miners are destroyers of shareholder capital. At one point in time, I had a limit order to short JNUG but it did not fill (I wanted to bet against an index of junior miners). I really do not like junior miners. They pay for stock promotion in the form of magazine advertisements. Their technical report is a huge red flag. My post “Why redo a technical report?” explains my skepticism.
On the other hand, MPD's mine may have very high chances of becoming a profitable mine. Still, I am not excited by Kobex's portfolio of cash and a junior mining stock.
Altius Minerals, Brian Dalton, and Paul van Eeden
Originally, Altius Minerals hired Paul van Eeden to manage some of Altius' money alongside van Eeden's (in hindsight, this looks like a mistake by Dalton). Later on, the two parties went their own ways. As part of their separation, Altius held onto Kobex Capital shares. I'm guessing that Dalton preferred cash over junior mining shares with excessive insider salaries (which is how one could characterize everything else than van Eeden invested in). I would characterize Kobex Capital's current CEO as van Eeden's protege given than Phil du Toit used to work for van Eeden.
Altius decided to sell the majority of its Kobex position to Kingsway for 65 cents/share. In my opinion, Altius is the smart money and its CEO (Brian Dalton) is the best mining CEO I have ever come across. However, Altius may be disadvantaged in this situation. Its prospect generation business requires it to do deals with junior mining companies with terrible corporate governance (e.g. Alderon when it was a Stan Bharti vehicle). Taking away cushy insider salaries would not endear Brian Dalton with the junior mining companies that Dalton wants to make deals with. So I can see why Altius didn't push for changes at Kobex, despite being a major shareholder in the past. If Altius held onto its shares at 65 cents/share, I don't believe it would have achieved a great rate of return on Kobex shares versus alternative opportunities.
The bottom line
This stock is fairly easy to analyze. It trades at a small discount to cash and the share price could go up a little with the impending shareholder activism.
Links
My original writeup on Kobex
“Kobex Capital: Insider buying continues” – Originally, I thought/hoped that Kobex would continue to repurchase shares and liquidate. That clearly did not happen. But if you had bought the dips on Kobex, you would have done reasonably well with your purchases.
Press releases
*Disclosure: I owned Kobex in the past and my limit sell orders filled before I was aware of Kingsway taking a position in the stock. I currently have no position and may re-buy shares in the future. Not having a position could be a mistake on my part.
In May 2008, Neeraj Singal, managing director of Bhushan Steel Ltd, threw a birthday party. It had been a good year; company profits were up, world steel prices at a record high and order books bulging.
Tabloids splashed photographs of the party attended by industrialists and film stars Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor who took the stage in a black sequinned bodice and danced to pulsating Bollywood music.
The celebrations mirrored the playful arrogance among big businesses in India, enriched by the opening up of mining, power and infrastructure sectors. Meanwhile, the western world was about to plunge into a crippling credit crisis triggered in the United States.
For the Singals, one of India's largest steel producers, this was a time of frenetic expansion of their steel plant in Odisha, while their quest for coal and ore took them as far as Australia.
The golden run ended in July this year in a bankruptcy courtroom where a lawyer for State Bank of India (SBI) said Bhushan Steel had failed to repay loans worth thousands of crores. The company's total debts stand at Rs. 46,062 crore; about the same as India's budgetary outlay on school education in 2017.According to media reports, the company is under investigation from the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO).
“The banks need to get their money back,” the SBI lawyer said. “Is the company able to pay the debt or not pay the debt?”
Bhushan Steel is part of the “NPA crisis”, shorthand for Rs 8-lakh crore worth of loan defaults or Non-Performing Assets, that have choked India's banking system and pushed lending, the lifeblood of the economy, to its lowest point in 20 years.
Company promoters blame these defaults on a global recession, poor regulation and sheer bad luck. But the dramatic rise and fall of Bhushan Steel reveals the NPA crisis is equally about public sector banks backing risky bets of promoters accustomed to growing their businesses on borrowed money.
And when these businesses floundered, banks threw good money after bad, often through third-party transactions. In the on-going court case of Bhushan Steel and Syndicate Bank, the Central Bureau of Investigation alleges in a First Information Report (No. RC AC1 2014A0004, August 1 2014), a bank official purportedly demanded bribes to ignore defaults.
Nittin Johari, Director Finance at Bhushan Steel, declined to comment on any ongoing investigations, but said the company had not broken any laws.
The Rise
In 1987, Brij Bhushan Singal and their sons - Neeraj and Sanjay - acquired an ailing steel factory in Sahibabad, at a time when steel was dominated by state-owned companies.
The group grew quickly by importing sophisticated Japanese machinery to make steel for India's nascent automobile industry.
But “Bhushan Steel's control over availability, quality and cost of input steel was very limited,” Neeraj Singal explained in the company's 2009-10 annual report. So in 2003, they decided to build an integrated steel plant in Odisha.
This was a time of great optimism for the steel sector. Banks were eager to lend to a company with an impressive order book of clients like Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra and Mahindra, and Tata Motors.
“Banks were getting into project finance for the first time,” a lender seeking anonymity to speak freely. “If anyone questioned a project's viability, bosses would say - India will always need cars, or there are millions of Indians who still don't have electricity.”
Plant construction in Odisha began in 2005, and the company was promised a ready supply of iron-ore and coal needed to make steel. The first phase of construction was complete by 2009-10.
Next year, elder brother Sanjay, broke away from the family business, but Bhushan Steel's prospects were bright. But steel is a cyclical business, and as Chinese demand tapered after the 2008 Olympics, prices plummeted as fast as they had once peaked.
House of Cards
For Bhushan Steel, it was a gust of headwind.
“The whole house of cards came tumbling down,” said a financier seeking anonymity to speak freely.
“In a slowdown, steel demand in India doesn't drop. Prices do,” said the lender to Bhushan Steel. “With debt you grow big fast, but when bad times come, the debt suddenly becomes a massive burden.”
By 2010, Bhushan Steel was already shouldering loans worth Rs 11,404 crore. Still, the company went on a borrowing spree to finance the next phase of construction.
By 2012, the steel industry was slipping behind on interest payments as steel prices fell to $300/tonne that December from a 2008 peak of $1265/tonne.
“It was obvious that companies were borrowing from one bank to pay off another,” the lender said.
Banks were conflicted: pull the loans and book a loss, or keep lending and hope the sector revived. Bhushan's lenders pinned their hopes on the Odisha plant reaching full capacity.
It never did.
In November 2013, the new plant's furnace exploded during testing, three workers were killed and 29 injured. The accident was widely covered in the press. By March 2014, it was clear the company was in trouble. Profit had shrunk to a mere Rs 62 crore, while the company was spending more than Rs 1,600 crore a year in interest payments alone, according to Bhushan's 2014 annual report.
The banks doubled down.
“Despite these challenges, your company's bankers have demonstrated continued confidence on the company,” the annual report stated, noting that banks had extended almost Rs18,000 crore in fresh loans and working capital.
“Many loans were secured against the company's stock,” said the financier, noting that the Singals owned 70% of the stock.
This allowed lenders to pretend that their loans were sufficiently collateralised.
Then on August 1 2014, the Centre Bureau of Investigation, acting on a tip-off from a bank insider, said Bhushan Steel allegedly defaulted on a Rs.100 crore loan repayment to Syndicate Bank and allegedly bribed the bank chairperson, S.K. Jain for a credit extension.
“Fresh credit was extended to M/s BSL by Syndicate Bank and as a token an illegal gratification of Rs 10 lakhs was paid to Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain,” said the CBI's FIR.
When Neeraj was arrested on August 7 2014, Bhushan stock, trading at Rs 380, went into free fall.
Both men are out on bail, and the matter is sub-judice. HT reached out to S.K. Jain through their lawyer, but they did not respond.
Ever-greening
India's banks have portrayed themselves as hapless victims of canny promoters. Yet, banks played along through a systemic failure of project monitoring, and inadequate due-diligence.
HT sent SBI, Bhushan Steel's lead banker with a total exposure of over Rs. 10,000 crore, a detailed email - through their media agency - to understand why banks continued to give fresh loans to the company when it had trouble paying back old debts.
“SBI does not comment on individual accounts,” the media agency replied.
Industry sources said much of the lending was loan “ever-greening”: an industry practice in which banks flip old loans into new ones, rather than acknowledge a potential default.
When Bhushan Steel was on the brink of default in March 2014, SBI and a consortium of lenders sanctioned fresh loans. But as steel prices remained stubbornly low, and Bhushan's interest costs escalated, the company's total debt rose 30% in two quick years: from Rs 35,710 crore in 2014 to Rs 46,062 crore in March 2016, the annual report said.
As defaults continued into 2017, a business daily reported that the SBI-led lender consortium asked Deloitte India to conduct a forensic audit, and authorised still more restructuring.
In court, Bhushan's lawyers said Deloitte found no signs of malfeasance. SBI accepted Deloitte's report.
“As a policy, we do not comment on any matter related to a company or client,” a Deloitte spokesperson said when HT asked for a response.
Loan anomaly
On June 7 2017, a business daily reported the SFIO was investigating if Bhushan Steel's management had diverted bank loans.
An SFIO official involved in the investigation told HT they had collated financial data from the company's bankers. The official sought anonymity to speak freely.
The SFIO, the official said, is also following up on an August 2016 SEBI order that alleges the Singals bought cheap shares in a company called First Financial. First Financial's share price rose 5000% in one year, allowing the Singals to exit with a tax-free profit of Rs. 12 crore, the SEBI report said.
The Singals, SEBI alleged, “misused securities market system
for making illegal gains and to convert ill-gotten gains, into genuine ones.”
A Bhushan spokesperson said a forensic audit of their books had found no wrongdoing.
Money machine
Deloitte - the firm that conducted the forensic audit - has now been appointed the insolvency professional agency to run Bhushan Steel for six months while banks figure out how to recover their money.
This will cost Bhushan Steel in fee and expenses to Deloitte, money that the banks will extend as a fresh loan, technically called “interim finance”.
“From the moment a company takes a loan to the time it fails, everyone makes money,” said a restructuring professional. “It's just different people at each step.”
First Published: Aug 08, 2017 07:34 IST
Editor's note: Campbell Brown anchors CNN's "Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull" at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays. They delivered this commentary during the "Cutting through the Bull" segment of Tuesday night's broadcast.
CNN's Campbell Brown says Nickelodeon should remove Chris Brown's nomination for its Kids Choice Awards.
(CNN) -- On the same day singer Chris Brown was arraigned for allegedly beating their pop star girlfriend Rihanna, they made an appeal to fans on their Myspace page: Vote for me for the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards. That's right. No apology, no concern for their battered girlfriend. He's worried about the next awards show.
Since their arrest, they did lose an endorsement deal with Doublemint gum. But for some reason the folks at kids' channel Nickelodeon still think it's appropriate to nominate them for Favorite Male Singer.
'No Bias, No Bull' Get the latest on the day's main events.
8 ET Monday through Friday see full schedule »
In a statement they say: "Chris brown was nominated by kids several months ago based on their body of work as a performer." But the executives at Nickelodeon ought to take a good look at this photo obtained by TMZ because this may be Brown's real body of work, allegedly taking a beautiful young cover girl and turning their face into this.
Nickelodeon should wake up. I think, the only place Chris Brown belongs is in jail. It boggles the mind that a children's TV network, trusted by parents for decades, could turn a blind eye when faced with such violence. Imagine the message it sends to a generation of boys and girls? iReport.com: Chris Brown fans: Share your reaction
The awards take place the end of the month. In other words, there is still time for Nickelodeon to come to its senses, even if Chris Brown never comes to his.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown.
All About Chris Brown • Rihanna
Hunter S. Thompson (1937-2005) was an American journalist and writer, famous for their Fear and Loathing articles and inventing Gonzo journalism. “Buy the ticket, take the ride”, was kind of Thompson's life motto – they would throw themselves into crazy situations head first, often becoming the protagonist in their own stories. Some of the ‘rides' Thompson went on include: joining the air force, hitch-hiking across America, working in Puerto Rico and Brazil, experiencing hippie culture in San Francisco, living with the Hell's Angels biker gang for a year (and getting the shit kicked out of them from said biker gang), running for sheriff in Colorado, traveling to Saigon just as it was falling at the end of the Vietnam War, going on the campaign trail in 72 and, most famously, heading to Las Vegas carrying “two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether, and two dozen amyls.” Despite their epic drug and alcohol binges, Thompson produced some of the best writing of the 20th century, becoming a voice for the counter-culture movement in the 70s.
-I like to describe the style I used for this comic as the offspring of Ralph Steadman and Quentin Blake, but if the child was born with no arms and had to draw with its feet.
-Steadman is a brilliant cartoonist and was Thompson's frequent collaborator and sidekick. They have such a dynamic, energetic and violent style that matched perfectly with Thompson's words.
As Brazil lined up a free-kick just outside the penalty area, Zaire's Mwepu Ilunga was about to make World Cup history.
Sadly for him, and arguably for the reputation of African football, it was not because of great skill or ability.
Instead, Ilunga simply ran out of their teams wall and hoofed the ball out of sight, earning themselves a yellow card.
Critics said it was an example of indiscipline in African football. And, with Zaire's previous result in the same tournament being a record 9-0 loss to Yugoslavia, the team have long been considered the worst to ever compete in the World Cup finals.
No nation from East Africa has ever qualified since.
Speaking to World Football, Ilunga says their stunt was no act of stupidity.
"I did that deliberately.
"I was aware of football regulations. I did not have a reason to continue getting injured while those who will benefit financially were sitting on the terraces watching."
They had hoped to have been sent off as an act of protest.
"I know the rules very well, but the referee was quite lenient and only gave me a yellow card."
In a special edition of World Football, Peter Musembi travels through Kenya, Ethiopia and DR Congo. Listen to the programme here .
Follow Me is one of the most useful native tools in Sketchup for creating complex shapes. If the tools in SketchUp have analogues in the shop, Follow Me can be thought of as a router or shaper as well as a lathe. It can be used to add material” or subtract it depending upon how you set it up. There are some considerations you need to keep in mind when using it.
For example, the profile needs to be setup to be perpendicular to the first segemnt in the path. If it isn't Follow Me will create a projection of the profile that is perpendicular and the extrsion will end with a face that is perpendicular as well. You can see the results of that in the following images.
Here the profile is setup on the green axis and I used an arc drawn with the Arc tool to create the path. If you look closely, you can see that the first and last segments in the arc are not parallel with the guidelines which were set out from the axes.
After running Follow Me you can see that the extrusion isn't quite right. And since the profile is projected to perpendicular, it's shape isn't exactly the same as the original.
The easy solution in this case would be to start out with a circle instead of an arc. the next couple of images show how that works.
In this case I've drawn a circle out on axis and then rotated it so that a line segment on the edge of the circle is crossing the axis at 90°. The rotation angle is half the included angle between vertices. With a default 24-sided circle, then, the rotation angle is 7.5° For this example I used a 48-sided circle so that the shape would be smoother. That meant I needed to rotate the circle 3.25°.
After drawing and rotating the circle, use the Line tool to draw some short line segments at the midpoint of the edges crossing the axes. Then erase the unneeded portion of the arc and those segments used to cut the circle and you're ready to run Follow Me.
And now the result is like what we might expect with the flat vertical faces parallel to their associated axes.
The size of the profile and the location of the path can have a big impact on the results in other ways, too. Here's the initial setup for drawing the upholstered cushion for the bench shown above.
I drew a path for Follow Me and a profile that extends to the center of the shape. The perimeter of the path is lined up with the outside of the profile.
After Follow Me there's a whole lot of excess geometry created. Although it doesn't show here, there are many internal faces as well. This could all be cleaned up but it would be quite tedious.
Even if the profile gets shortened up, as shown above…
…there's still a mess of excess geometry to clean up.
So to avoid having so much cleanup to do, I like to set the path to the inside of the profile.
Here I used Offset to create a new path, shown selected, above. I also reduced the profile to only what I absolutely needed. You can see the guideline running along the inside edge of the profile hits the new path.
This time, after Follow Me things look much cleaner. And coincidentally the faces are a right way round saving me the step of reversing faces. At this point there's very little cleanup to do. Select the inside surface and hit Delete. Then get the Line tool and trace a line segment on the edge of the openings both top and bottom. this will cause the large openings to be skinned over. Finally, select the geometry, context click and choose Smooth/Soften to soften the edges you don't want to see.
From here it's just a case of making the cushion a component and Bob's yer uncle.
So, if you're working with Follow Me and having some difficulty getting a clean extrusion, try changing the path and/or the profile and see what you get. Maybe there's a better way.
–Dave
Sign up for eletters today and get the latest techniques and how-to from Fine Woodworking, plus special offers. Sign Up
Launch Gallery
Gay Gustafson and Don McCandless, both of Albuquerque, N.M., make adjustments to their bikes in front of the Milwaukee Art Museum in preparation for the USA Triathlon Age Group National Championships this weekend. Credit: Gary Porter
By of the
Milwaukee will be transformed into the triathlon capital of the United States this weekend as thousands of athletes converge on the lakefront downtown to compete in the 2013 USA Triathlon Age Group National Championships.
Inside the breakwater near Discovery World, the water will become a frothing, churning sea of bodies.
High above, on the Hoan Bridge, bikes will glint and flash in the early-morning sun as riders make their way south on the Lake Freeway.
Finally, on Lincoln Memorial Drive and the Oak Leaf Trail, thousands of runners will jockey for position as they head past the Milwaukee Art Museum and toward the finish line.
"I don't know if I can describe it well enough," said Bob Hanisch, who along with their wife, Wendy, was instrumental in bringing USA Triathlon's signature event to Milwaukee.
"There is going to be a huge volume of people racing and thousands of spectators following them and moving around the venue. It's really an incredible spectacle."
A record total of some 4,400 amateur athletes from all 50 states and Washington, D.C., including 36 defending champions and five reigning world champions, will compete for age group titles in the Olympic-Distance National Championships and the Sprint National Championships.
The Olympic-distance event will be held Saturday. The race consists of a 1.5-kilometer swim, a 40K bike and a 10K run course.
The sprint-distance event consists of a 750-meter swim, 20K bike and 5K run and will be held Sunday.
Racing begins at 7:30 a.m. both days, with competitors jumping off the pier at Discovery World for an in-water start to the swim leg.
Spectators are encouraged to attend, and there is no admission charge.
"It's probably one of the neatest things you'll ever experience," said Tim Yount, chief operating officer of the USA Triathlon, the national governing body. "We've got nearly 4,400 athletes and 7,000 to 10,000 spectators in a controlled environment. It is a spectacle."
Milwaukee was one of eight cities that bid for a two-year contract with the USA Triathlon to host the Age Group Nationals.
USA Triathlon officials were impressed with the plan submitted jointly by Visit Milwaukee and the Hanisches, and they were blown away when they visited and saw the venue.
"First of all, this is a city that's kind of under the radar a little bit as far as beauty and ambience," Yount said. "We look for a 'wow' factor wherever we go, and this has a 'wow' factor. You've got the art museum, Discovery World. We've never been in a city this big, as well."
Last year, the Age Group Nationals was held in Burlington, Vt. Bob Hanisch, a former USA Triathlon coach and owner of Peak Performance Professionals (P3) in Brookfield, and Wendy, a triathlete, were at the event and wondered where it would be held in 2013. They learned no city had yet been selected but Visit Milwaukee was in the initial stages of the bid process.
"We said, 'If you guys need a hand submitting the bid, we're happy to help,'" Bob said.
"We were actively working the (sports) market and this came up as an opportunity," said Brent Foerster, vice president of sales and marketing for Visit Milwaukee. "One of our target areas was the national governing bodies of the U.S. Olympic Committee. We wanted to expand on the amateur sports because they do have a pretty significant economic impact for the city."
Yount predicted the economic impact this weekend would be between $8 million and $10 million in direct and indirect spending.
"We were $6.6 million impact last year with 800 fewer athletes," they said.
Organizing the event was a huge undertaking that involved securing 3,500 hotel rooms and 700 volunteers. Permits were required. Roads would have to be closed and reopened.
"What we found is just down at the lakefront venue there are at least 10 different organizations that own a plot of grass down there," Bob Hanisch said. "We had to figure out who it was and get permits. On the water, the Coast Guard was very helpful. The DOT, which controls the Hoan, they were all in. The sheriff, the Milwaukee Police Department, the parks ... everyone was so supportive.
"Milwaukee really came through for USAT."
Professional triathlete Gwen Jorgensen, a 2012 U.S. Olympian, is a Waukesha native and former Milwaukee resident, but they won't compete this weekend because the Age Group Nationals are open only to amateurs.
"These athletes train between five and 20 hours a week, whereas a professional triathlete would be training 35 to 40 hours a week," Yount said. "That's what makes this story even more compelling. You're talking about people who have kids and full-time jobs."
USA Triathlon has 175,000 registered members, and the number of combined entries in the Olympic-distance and sprint-distance national championships has more than doubled since 2010.
"It's pretty amazing we are seeing that kind of growth," Yount said. "I also think it's a testament to people's interest in the lifestyle. For a lot of these people, competing in a triathlon is a bucket-list item, and then they do it once and say, 'Wow, that was fun. I want to do more of these.'"
The level of competition among the elite amateurs in the Age Group Nationals approaches world class.
The top men will complete the Olympic-distance course in about 1 hour 55 minutes, with the top women finishing some 5 to 10 minutes later. The sprint-distance times are roughly half of the Olympic-distance times.
"The level of racing that occurs, no one has seen that in Milwaukee," Bob Hanisch said.
The top 18 finishers in each age group are eligible to compete in the 2014 ITU World Triathlon championships in Edmonton, Canada.
Jon Adamson, 76, a Racine native who lives in Alpharetta, Ga., is among the defending champions in the field. He'll try to win another Olympic-distance title in the men's 75 to 79 age groups, while their wife, Jo, competes in the sprint-distance race.
"This is my 31st year competing," Adamson said. "I did my first triathlon in 1982 and I haven't missed a year since. My wife got in the sport one year after I did. We train together a little bit and we go to a lot of competitions together.
"It's a good way of keeping fit and active, and I've always liked to compete."
Adamson said they train 12 to 13 hours a week and competes in a half-dozen triathlons a year. They won their age group at the famed Ironman Triathlon 10 years ago.
A graduate of Marquette University, Adamson said they hadn't visited downtown Milwaukee in a long time.
"I'm looking forward to seeing all the changes I've heard about," they said.
And they hope they go by in a blur.
2013 USA Triathlon Age Group National Championships
When: 7:30 a.m. Saturday (Olympic-Distance National Championships) and 7:30 a.m. Sunday (Sprint National Championship). Awards ceremonies are scheduled for 5 p.m. Saturday and 1:30 p.m. Sunday at Maier Festival Park (North Gate entrance).
Where: Races begin near the Milwaukee Art Museum and Discovery World, adjacent to Maier Festival Park. The swim is contested in Lake Michigan, and the bike and run segments are held on the streets of downtown Milwaukee.
Who: Nearly 4,400 triathletes from all 50 states and Washington, D.C., have registered, including 36 defending national age-group champions and five reigning world champions.
About: Founded in 1982, USA Triathlon is the sport's national governing body, with 175,000 registered members. The Olympic-distance race at Age Group Nationals has been held each year since 1983. Sprint Nationals has been a USA Triathlon-owned national championship event for four years. At stake are national age group titles, with the top finishers eligible to compete in the 2014 ITU World championships in Edmonton, Canada. The Olympic-distance event consists of a 1.5-kilometer swim, a 40K bike and a 10K run course. The Sprint event comprises a 750-meter swim, a 20K bike and a 5K run. The 2012 event in Burlington, Vt., drew a then-record total of more than 3,500 competitors.
Spectators: There is no admission charge to watch the races, and fans are encouraged to attend. USA Triathlon expects between 7,000 and 10,000 spectators each day.
Gary D'Amato
U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) addresses a “March for Truth” protest in Los Angeles to demand an investigation into Russian interference in the U.S. election. (John Fredricks/Reuters)
Did Rep. Maxine Waters shove a reporter after an interview that quickly became confrontational?
That certainly has been the subject of back-and-forth Twitter conversations between reporter Michael Tracey and several others.
Tracey tweeted that Waters “shoved” them after they asked a question that seemed to have angered the California Democrat. A video shows a visibly irritated Waters pushing aside Tracey's arm as they walked away from an interview at the “March for Truth” protest Saturday in Los Angeles.
The Young Turks reporter asked the member of congress why she's been so focused on the Russia controversy. “Russia is not our friend,” Waters said, adding that the country has sought to undermine the United States's democracy by meddling in the presidential elections. Tracey then used Waters's own words in asking their second question: If Russia is not a friend of the United States, was it a mistake then for former president Barack Obama to forge military cooperation with Russia in Syria?
Rep. Maxine Waters just shoved me and angrily stormed off as I asked them questions. (Not a violent shove but they initiated physical contact) — Michael Tracey (@mtracey) June 3, 2017
[GOP candidate in Montana race charged with misdemeanor assault after allegedly body-slamming reporter]
That question seemed to have set Waters off.
“You and I have a different agenda, young man. I'm out to impeach this president. Get that straight. I'm out to impeach the president,” Waters said, their voice raising. “I'm not going to be diverted by people who are Obama haters.”
By then, people had gathered around Waters and Tracey, some of whom can be seen capturing the exchange with their phone cameras. Before Tracey can ask another question, Waters walked away and used their right hand to push aside Tracey's right hand, which was holding a microphone aimed toward them face.
“She pushed me aside, but it's OK … I thought I asked fair questions,” Tracey said toward their camera man, who kept filming.
You can watch the entire exchange here:
So is it a shove? Or is it not a shove?
In an interview Sunday morning with MSNBC's Joy Reid, Waters said Tracey's account of the encounter was not true.
“This 125-pound woman is not around pushing these big men. So they just lied,” Waters said. “If you look at the video, it shows you that was no pushing. I walked away from him.”
After their initial tweet, Tracey found themselves in a Twitter debate about the incident. Some argued that “shove” was too strong of a verb to describe the amount of force that Waters used, and that the member of congress was simply moving the microphone out of them way.
At one point, Tracey said he's responding to “gross distortions” of their description of the encounter with Waters. They also said that the “shove” was not violent and was in no way comparable to Montana Republican Greg Gianforte allegedly body slamming Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, but was still unnecessary physical contact. (Gianforte was elected to represent Montana in the House of Representatives despite the allegations.)
[Maxine Waters swings back at Bill O'Reilly: ‘I'm a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated']
There absolutely is a shove/swat. They swatted my arm, initiating totally unnecessary physical contact. Those are facts. — Michael Tracey (@mtracey) June 4, 2017
Others questioned why Tracey was tweeting about the incident in the first place.
“There's no 'there' there,” fellow Young Turks reporter Nomiki Konst said.
By Saturday evening, Tracey posted a statement on Twitter, further explaining their choice of verb.
“I've interviewed many members of Congress and never once have any of them initiated unwarranted physical contact. Maxine Waters did just that today,” they wrote, adding later: “The words 'push' or 'swat' would also be apt descriptors — anything that connotes 'unwarranted physical contact.' I wasn't meaningfully impeding their path: there was no reason for contact … The semantics are immaterial here, as it obviously doesn't rise to the level of an assault or anything remotely criminal. It just shows Waters to be erratic, intemperate, and unprofessional.”
I would've said the exact same for any member of Congress, of any party. Or any politician for that matter. It's ridiculous behavior. — Michael Tracey (@mtracey) June 3, 2017
In the MSNBC interview, Waters dismissed Tracey as a right-wing supporter who's out to harass and intimidate them (Tracey works for Young Turks, a video news network popular among progressive voters.)
“They're going to continue to harass me, but that's okay. I'm accustomed to being harassed,” Waters said. “I'm not afraid of them. I'm going to continue to speak my mind in the way that I do.”
Tracey, who called Gianforte a “thug” after they were accused of body slamming Jacobs, has written critically about Democrats and the alleged Trump-Russia collusion.
“It's seldom clear what, at bottom, is even being alleged. The 'scandal' has become more of a repository of generalized anti-Trump anger than a clearly-defined set of charges that can be investigated and corroborated,” Tracey wrote last month in a column with the headline, “How Democrats are fooling themselves about the Trump Russia scandal.
But they also are critical of President Trump, saying the president's “self-defeating actions” on the Russia investigation only reinforce the notion that they have something to hide.
“The possibility that they committed obstruction of justice by firing FBI director James Comey is real,” Tracey wrote.
[‘Auntie Maxine' and the quest for impeachment]
Waters has become increasingly in the spotlight these past few months after former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly disparaged them because of their appearance, comparing their hair to a “James Brown wig.” O'Reilly later apologized, calling their comments “dumb.”
In response, Waters said: “I'm a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated. I cannot be undermined.”
The 78-year-old member of congress has since become one of the loudest and most vocal Democratic voices calling for the president's impeachment.
“Donald Trump is someone that found their way to the presidency of the United States of America — I still don't know how. But he's someone that I'm committed to getting impeached,” they said in front of a cheering crowd last month. “He's a liar! He's a cheat! He's a con man! We've got to stop their ass!”
Vanessa Williams and Amy B Wang contributed to this story.
READ MORE:
Rep. Maxine Waters takes impeachment campaign to the Washington suburbs
‘Bill O'Reilly is not going to be recorded favorably in history,' Rep. Maxine Waters says
Maxine Waters's ridiculous claim that Betsy DeVos ‘has never seen the inside of a classroom'
Krolinkos Profile Joined February 2010 Australia 74 Posts #1
Spoilered Press Release Below:
+ Show Spoiler +
StarCraft(R) II: Wings of Liberty(TM) in Stores Starting July 27, 2010
IRVINE, Calif., May 03, 2010 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. announced today that its highly anticipated real-time strategy game, StarCraft(R) II: Wings of Liberty(TM), will arrive in stores throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, Mexico, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and the regions of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau starting on July 27, 2010. Players will also be able to purchase StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty directly from Blizzard Entertainment shortly after the retail launch.
"We've been looking forward to revisiting the StarCraft universe for many years, and we're excited that the time for that is almost here," said Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment. "Thanks to our beta testers, we're making great progress on the final stages of development, and we'll be ready to welcome players all over the world to StarCraft II and the new Battle.net(R) in just a few months."
StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty is the sequel to Blizzard Entertainment's 1998 hit StarCraft, which has been hailed by players and critics worldwide as one of the top real-time strategy games of all time. Sporting a vibrant 3D-graphics engine, StarCraft II will once again center on the clash between the protoss, terrans, and zerg, with each side deploying legions of veteran, upgraded, and new unit types. Unparalleled online play for StarCraft II will be available through a new version of Battle.net, Blizzard Entertainment's world-renowned gaming service. Battle.net has been redesigned from the ground up to be the premier online gaming destination for Blizzard gamers, with several enhancements and new features, such as voice communication, cloud file storage, leagues and ladders, achievements, stat-tracking, and more.
The solo campaign for StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty will continue the epic saga where it left off in StarCraft: Brood War(R). The story line chronicles the exploits of marshal-turned-rebel-leader Jim Raynor and features both familiar faces and new heroes. Players will be able to tailor the experience, choosing their own mission path and selecting technology and research upgrades to suit their playing style throughout the 29-mission campaign. Several challenge-mode mini-games will also be included, with focused goals designed to ease players into the basics of multiplayer strategies.
+ Show Spoiler +
About Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.
Best known for blockbuster hits including World of Warcraft and the Warcraft, StarCraft(R), and Diablo(R) series, Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (www.blizzard.com), a division of Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ: ATVI), is a premier developer and publisher of entertainment software renowned for creating some of the industry's most critically acclaimed games. Blizzard Entertainment's track record includes eleven #1-selling games and multiple Game of the Year awards. The company's online-gaming service, Battle.net(R), is one of the largest in the world, with millions of active players.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: Information in this press release that involves Blizzard Entertainment's expectations, plans, intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Blizzard Entertainment generally uses words such as "outlook," "will," "could," "would," "might," "remains," "to be," "plans," "believes," "may," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "estimate," "future," "plan," "positioned," "potential," "project," "remain," "scheduled," "set to," "subject to," "upcoming" and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause Blizzard Entertainment's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements set forth in this release include, but are not limited to, sales levels of Blizzard Entertainment's titles, shifts in consumer spending trends, the impact of the current macroeconomic environment, the seasonal and cyclical nature of the interactive game market, declines in software pricing, product returns and price protection, product delays, retail acceptance of Blizzard Entertainment's products, competition from the used game market, industry competition and competition from other forms of entertainment, rapid changes in technology, industry standards and consumer preferences, including interest in specific genres such as real-time strategy, action-role-playing and massively multiplayer online games, protection of proprietary rights, litigation against Blizzard Entertainment, maintenance of relationships with key personnel, customers, licensees, licensors, vendors and third-party developers, including the ability to attract, retain and develop key personnel and developers who can create high quality "hit" titles, counterparty risks relating to customers, licensees, licensors and manufacturers, domestic and international economic, financial and political conditions and policies, foreign exchange rates and tax rates, and the identification of suitable future acquisition opportunities, and the other factors identified in the risk factors section of Activision Blizzard's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Blizzard Entertainment and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release, and neither Blizzard Entertainment nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Blizzard Entertainment or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.
Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available:
SOURCE: Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.
Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.
Lisa Jensen
Vice President, Global Public Relations
949.854.6200 dir
949.854.7900 fax
ljensen@blizzard.com
or
Bob Colayco
PR Manager
949.955.1380 x12528
949.854.7900 fax
bcolayco@blizzard.com For more information on StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty, visit the official website at www.starcraft2.com . Further details about the game, including the alternative pricing options previously mentioned for certain regions, will be announced in the coming weeks. With multiple games in development, Blizzard Entertainment has numerous positions currently available -- visit www.blizzard.com/jobs for more information and to learn how to apply.About Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.Best known for blockbuster hits including World of Warcraft and the Warcraft, StarCraft(R), and Diablo(R) series, Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (www.blizzard.com), a division of Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ: ATVI), is a premier developer and publisher of entertainment software renowned for creating some of the industry's most critically acclaimed games. Blizzard Entertainment's track record includes eleven #1-selling games and multiple Game of the Year awards. The company's online-gaming service, Battle.net(R), is one of the largest in the world, with millions of active players.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: Information in this press release that involves Blizzard Entertainment's expectations, plans, intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Blizzard Entertainment generally uses words such as "outlook," "will," "could," "would," "might," "remains," "to be," "plans," "believes," "may," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "estimate," "future," "plan," "positioned," "potential," "project," "remain," "scheduled," "set to," "subject to," "upcoming" and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause Blizzard Entertainment's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements set forth in this release include, but are not limited to, sales levels of Blizzard Entertainment's titles, shifts in consumer spending trends, the impact of the current macroeconomic environment, the seasonal and cyclical nature of the interactive game market, declines in software pricing, product returns and price protection, product delays, retail acceptance of Blizzard Entertainment's products, competition from the used game market, industry competition and competition from other forms of entertainment, rapid changes in technology, industry standards and consumer preferences, including interest in specific genres such as real-time strategy, action-role-playing and massively multiplayer online games, protection of proprietary rights, litigation against Blizzard Entertainment, maintenance of relationships with key personnel, customers, licensees, licensors, vendors and third-party developers, including the ability to attract, retain and develop key personnel and developers who can create high quality "hit" titles, counterparty risks relating to customers, licensees, licensors and manufacturers, domestic and international economic, financial and political conditions and policies, foreign exchange rates and tax rates, and the identification of suitable future acquisition opportunities, and the other factors identified in the risk factors section of Activision Blizzard's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Blizzard Entertainment and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release, and neither Blizzard Entertainment nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Blizzard Entertainment or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6273405&lang=en SOURCE: Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.Lisa JensenVice President, Global Public Relations949.854.6200 dir949.854.7900 faxljensen@blizzard.comorBob ColaycoPR Manager949.955.1380 x12528949.854.7900 faxbcolayco@blizzard.com
StarCraft(R) II: Wings of Liberty(TM) in Stores Starting July 27, 2010IRVINE, Calif., May 03, 2010 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. announced today that its highly anticipated real-time strategy game, StarCraft(R) II: Wings of Liberty(TM), will arrive in stores throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, Mexico, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and the regions of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau starting on July 27, 2010. Players will also be able to purchase StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty directly from Blizzard Entertainment shortly after the retail launch."We've been looking forward to revisiting the StarCraft universe for many years, and we're excited that the time for that is almost here," said Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment. "Thanks to our beta testers, we're making great progress on the final stages of development, and we'll be ready to welcome players all over the world to StarCraft II and the new Battle.net(R) in just a few months."StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty is the sequel to Blizzard Entertainment's 1998 hit StarCraft, which has been hailed by players and critics worldwide as one of the top real-time strategy games of all time. Sporting a vibrant 3D-graphics engine, StarCraft II will once again center on the clash between the protoss, terrans, and zerg, with each side deploying legions of veteran, upgraded, and new unit types. Unparalleled online play for StarCraft II will be available through a new version of Battle.net, Blizzard Entertainment's world-renowned gaming service. Battle.net has been redesigned from the ground up to be the premier online gaming destination for Blizzard gamers, with several enhancements and new features, such as voice communication, cloud file storage, leagues and ladders, achievements, stat-tracking, and more.The solo campaign for StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty will continue the epic saga where it left off in StarCraft: Brood War(R). The story line chronicles the exploits of marshal-turned-rebel-leader Jim Raynor and features both familiar faces and new heroes. Players will be able to tailor the experience, choosing their own mission path and selecting technology and research upgrades to suit their playing style throughout the 29-mission campaign. Several challenge-mode mini-games will also be included, with focused goals designed to ease players into the basics of multiplayer strategies.
On May 04 2010 06:11 DragoonPK wrote:
Just saw the news on Gamespot twitter, thought Id share :3! Way to go Blizzard!, is this too soon though or expected? I havent played much SC2 so I am not sure how the progress is going.
Source: Just saw the news on Gamespot twitter, thought Id share :3! Way to go Blizzard!, is this too soon though or expected? I havent played much SC2 so I am not sure how the progress is going.Source: http://www.gamespot.com/news/6260963.html
SC2 Release Date Announced as July 27, 2010.Spoilered Press Release Below: Unashamedly nerdy.
NASA has unveiled how a spacecraft bound for Europa will help to figure out if the Jupiter moon has the right conditions for life, as many scientists think it may.
The mission, expected to launch in the 2020s, will carry nine instruments chosen from 33 proposals, that are specially designed to find out if Europa is habitable, NASA announced Tuesday.
Evidence so far suggests that beneath Europa's icy surface is a salty, liquid ocean sitting on a rocky surface punctured by hydrothermal vents that could circulate heat and nutrients.
Jupiter's icy moon Europa, seen in an image taken by NASA's Galileo spacecraft, is thought to have a saltwater ocean that may be in contact with a rocky surface similar to Earth's ocean floor. ( NASA/JPL-Caltech/SETI Institute)
"After five billion years with conditions like that, it could be a very habitable place," said Jim Green, director of NASA's planetary science division, at the news conference. "We believe the environment is just perfect for the potential development of life."
They noted that hydrothermal vents at the bottom of Earth's ocean are full of life.
Curt Niebur, Europa program scientist, announced that the chosen instruments include:
A magnetometer and a plasma instrument that will measure the depth and saltiness of Europa's ocean, as well as the thickness of its ice shell, thought to be a few kilometres to 10 kilometres thick.
An infrared spectrometer that will map what Europa is made of, detecting materials such as salts, organics and water. Scientists hope it will figure out what the "brown gunk" on Europa's surface is made of.
An imaging system that will map the surface at high resolution.
Ice penetrating radar that will look for features like lakes and icebergs within the icy crust.
A heat detector that will find "hot spots" on the –116 C surface that could indicate the location of active features like hydrothermal vents.
A mass spectrometer and a dust analyzer that will measure chemicals in Europa's very thin atmosphere and materials from the surface ejected into space — including chemicals that might indicate the presence of hydrothermal vents.
An ultraviolet spectrograph designed to look for small plumes of water erupting from Europa's surface — essentially, samples of the ocean.
The Europa mission is expected to cost about $2 billion, not including the launch vehicle or rocket that will blast it into space. It will spend about a year on its journey to Europa, then three years making at least 45 close flybys.
Niebur noted that the spacecraft will not have any "life detectors" and that scientists don't even know what they could measure that could tell people with confidence that they have detected life.
However, Green said, the mission should give a good indication of how habitable the environment on Europa could be.
"If we do find life or indications of life that will be an enormous step forward in our understanding of our place in the universe," they added. "If there's life in the solar system and in Europa in particular, it must be everywhere in our galaxy and perhaps even in the universe."
Photo: Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg Image 1 of / 30 Caption Close
Image 2 of 30 Rick Perry and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich shake hands after the Republican presidential debate airing on CNN, October 18, 2011 in Las Vegas. Rick Perry and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich shake hands after the Republican presidential debate airing on CNN, October 18, 2011 in Las Vegas. Photo: Ethan Miller / Getty
Image 3 of 30 Texas Gov. Rick Perry is introduced prior to a debate at Constitution Hall November 22, 2011 in Washington, DC. Texas Gov. Rick Perry is introduced prior to a debate at Constitution Hall November 22, 2011 in Washington, DC. Photo: Win McNamee / Getty
Image 4 of 30 Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks during the ABC News GOP Presidential debate on the campus of Drake University on December 10, 2011 in Des Moines, Iowa. Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks during the ABC News GOP Presidential debate on the campus of Drake University on December 10, 2011 in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: Kevork Djansezian / Getty
Image 5 of 30
Image 6 of 30 Rick Perry speaks during the GOP debate on the campus of Drake University on December 10, 2011 in Des Moines, Iowa. Rick Perry speaks during the GOP debate on the campus of Drake University on December 10, 2011 in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: Pool / Getty
Image 7 of 30 Texas Gov. Rick Perry answers a question during a Republican presidential candidate debate at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H., Saturday, Jan. 7, 2012. Texas Gov. Rick Perry answers a question during a Republican presidential candidate debate at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H., Saturday, Jan. 7, 2012. Photo: Elise Amendola / Associated Press
Image 8 of 30 Rick Perry participates in the ABC News, Yahoo! News, and WMUR Republican Presidential Debate at Saint Anselm College January 7, 2012 in Manchester, N.H. Rick Perry participates in the ABC News, Yahoo! News, and WMUR Republican Presidential Debate at Saint Anselm College January 7, 2012 in Manchester, N.H. Photo: Win McNamee / Getty Images
Image 9 of 30 Rick Perry points to a member of the audience during a break in the Republican presidential candidate debate at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H., Saturday, Jan. 7, 2012. Rick Perry points to a member of the audience during a break in the Republican presidential candidate debate at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H., Saturday, Jan. 7, 2012. Photo: Elise Amendola / Associated Press
Image 10 of 30
Image 11 of 30 Rick Perry answers a question as Newt Gingrich listens in the background during a Republican presidential candidate debate at the Capitol Center for the Arts in Concord, N.H., Sunday, Jan. 8, 2012. Rick Perry answers a question as Newt Gingrich listens in the background during a Republican presidential candidate debate at the Capitol Center for the Arts in Concord, N.H., Sunday, Jan. 8, 2012. Photo: Charles Krupa / Associated Press
Image 12 of 30 Texas Gov. Rick Perry and their fellow Republican presidential candidates walk on the stage and are greeted by moderator David Gregory prior to the NBC News Facebook Debate on 'Meet the Press' January 8, 2012 at the Capitol Center for the Arts in Concord, N.H. less Texas Gov. Rick Perry and their fellow Republican presidential candidates walk on the stage and are greeted by moderator David Gregory prior to the NBC News Facebook Debate on 'Meet the Press' January 8, 2012 at ... more Photo: Alex Wong / Getty Images
Image 13 of 30 Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich speak during a commercial break in the South Carolina Republican presidential candidate debate Monday, Jan. 16, 2012, in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich speak during a commercial break in the South Carolina Republican presidential candidate debate Monday, Jan. 16, 2012, in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Photo: David Goldman / Associated Press
Image 14 of 30 Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, and Ron Paul pose for a photo before participating in a Fox News, Wall Street Journal sponsored debate at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center, on January 16, 2012 in Myrtle Beach, S.C. less Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, and Ron Paul pose for a photo before participating in a Fox News, Wall Street Journal sponsored debate at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center, on January ... more Photo: Mark Wilson / Getty Images
Image 15 of 30
Image 16 of 30 Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul take the stage for the Fox News debate at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center on Monday, Jan. 16, 2012 in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul take the stage for the Fox News debate at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center on Monday, Jan. 16, 2012 in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Photo: Janet Blackmon Morgan / Associated Press
Image 17 of 30 Mitt Romneys and Rick Perry speak during a Republican presidential debate in Las Vegas. Mitt Romney and Rick Perry speak during a Republican presidential debate in Las Vegas. Photo: Chris Carlson / Associated Press
Image 18 of 30 Mitt Romneys and Rick Perry spar during a Republican presidential debate in Las Vegas. Mitt Romney and Rick Perry spar during a Republican presidential debate in Las Vegas. Photo: Chris Carlson / Associated Press
Image 19 of 30 Rick Perry speaks during a Republican presidential candidate debate at the Reagan Library Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, in Simi Valley, Calif. Rick Perry speaks during a Republican presidential candidate debate at the Reagan Library Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, in Simi Valley, Calif. Photo: Jae C. Hong / Associated Press
Image 20 of 30
Image 21 of 30 Rick Perry and Mitt Romney share a laugh during a Fox News/Google debate Thursday, Sept. 22, 2011, in Orlando, Fla. Rick Perry and Mitt Romney share a laugh during a Fox News/Google debate Thursday, Sept. 22, 2011, in Orlando, Fla. Photo: Phelan M. Ebenhack / Associated Press
Image 22 of 30 Rick Perry and Ron Paul talk before the start of the Republican presidential candidate debate at the Reagan Library Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, in Simi Valley, Calif. Rick Perry and Ron Paul talk before the start of the Republican presidential candidate debate at the Reagan Library Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, in Simi Valley, Calif. Photo: Jae C. Hong / Associated Press
Image 23 of 30 Rick Perry stands at their podium as they prepare for the Republican debate, Saturday, Dec. 10, 2011, in Des Moines, Iowa. Rick Perry stands at their podium as they prepare for the Republican debate, Saturday, Dec. 10, 2011, in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: Charlie Neibergall / Associated Press
Image 24 of 30 Rick Perry prepares for a presidential debate sponsored by Bloomberg and The Washington Post at Dartmouth College in Hanover, N.H., Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2011. Rick Perry prepares for a presidential debate sponsored by Bloomberg and The Washington Post at Dartmouth College in Hanover, N.H., Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2011. Photo: Scott Eells / Associated Press
Image 25 of 30
Image 26 of 30 Rick Perry and Ron Paul, R-Texas are seen before a Republican presidential debate at Oakland University in Auburn Hills, Mich., Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2011. Rick Perry and Ron Paul, R-Texas are seen before a Republican presidential debate at Oakland University in Auburn Hills, Mich., Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2011. Photo: Paul Sancya / Associated Press
Image 27 of 30 Herman Cain and Rick Perry talk before a Republican presidential debate at Oakland University in Auburn Hills, Mich., Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2011. Herman Cain and Rick Perry talk before a Republican presidential debate at Oakland University in Auburn Hills, Mich., Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2011. Photo: Paul Sancya / Associated Press
Image 28 of 30 Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul pose for a photo at the start of the South Carolina Republican presidential candidate debate Monday, Jan. 16, 2012, in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul pose for a photo at the start of the South Carolina Republican presidential candidate debate Monday, Jan. 16, 2012, in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Photo: David Goldman / Associated Press
Image 29 of 30 Rick Perry and Mitt Romney talk prior to the Republican debate, Saturday, Dec. 10, 2011, in Des Moines, Iowa. Rick Perry and Mitt Romney talk prior to the Republican debate, Saturday, Dec. 10, 2011, in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: Charlie Neibergall / Associated Press
Would you believe me, if I told you that SEO in 2015 is not that hard and you only need to follow the basics? Well you would probably say that Google never reveal their real search engine factors, so how could any tips and tricks on SEO would surely work?
I am not here to tell what can be done, but I am here to tell you what you have to do for improving your search engine rankings, with some tips and tricks from my Dallas SEO agency friend. I hope this post will clear many of your past confusions and more necessarily what steps can be taken to stay at the top of search engine like Google.
Following are some of the more important SEO tips and tricks that will cover almost every aspect of existing SEO scenario in 2015. I hope you like what to read.
You may also like:
Use headings and sub-headings for layout
The use of headings and subheadings in the text on your web page is not only pleasant for visitors, but also for the search engine.
Visitors scan the text simple if you use headers like (H1, H2 and H3) and the search engine assumes that those which contain headlines and subheadings are important information on the subject.
The headings and subheadings should be provided with the heading tags, otherwise a search engine like Google will not recognize.
Write unique content
Unique content is important. You need to provide content that has different information than what is on other sites and other Web pages.
Get a Google Places page.
If you've read a little bit about SEO, you've probably heard one word over and over:
Local, local, local.
Google is moving more and more towards local search, and most people don't know how local SEO works: that means you have a huge opportunity.
And the best part is: this SEO trick will work even if your main business site ranks terribly in search engines.
Put Text Links
If you absolutely MUST use JavaScript drop down menus, image maps or image links, be sure to put text links somewhere on the page for the spiders to follow.
Use rel=”nofollow”
Use rel=”nofollow” tag on low value links to not pass the page rank juice. For example ‘Read the rest of the entry', ‘About', ‘Contact' etc.
Add new content all the time
Sites that have new content added on a regular basis are seen as more reliable than sites that rarely do. This also helps you to increase the amount of relevant content on your site, which also improves your rankings.
Check your internal link structure.
Backlinks from other websites are a big part of any SEO strategy – but that's not the only type of link that makes a difference.
Links on your own pages make a difference, too – and a small shift can do wonders for improving your rankings.
1. Choose a poorly performing page on your site
2. Drive more links to it on your other pages
Also, Google rewards pages that are what they say they are. Each page's content should match its title and keywords as well as possible.
Search engine friendly urls
Applying search engine friendly urls increase the ease to find your blog for search engines.
What I do not mean with a search engine friendly URL.
http://savedelete.com/page=12.html
What I mean by a search engine friendly URL.
http://savedelete.com/search-engine-optimisation/24-seo-tips/
Content is king, Links are queen
If content is king, then links are queen. Build a network of quality backlinks. Remember, if there is no good, logical reason for a site to link to you, you don't want the link.
Anchor text
Use proper anchor text for interlinks. Don't use ‘here' or ‘there'.
Create a great keyword phrase
The first thing you should do when working on search engine optimization is find a great keyword phrase for that page. You shouldn't try to optimize your entire site to one keyword phrase – instead focus on writing pages for specific keywords and phrases.
Make sure you're speaking Google's language
Here's a quick checklist to make sure all of your pages are Google-friendly.
1. Are your main headings in <H1> tags?
2. Are your subheadings in <H2> and <H3> tags?
3. Does the title of your page contain your keywords?
4. Does the main heading on the page contain your keywords?
Start a blog post with a picture
If you have a blog post begins with an image then it is likely that a user will read the content. Moreover, it is also positive in the field of SEO.
Focus on search phrases, not single keywords
Focus on search phrases, not single keywords, and put your location in your text (“our Palm Springs store” not “our store”) to help you get found in local searches.
Sub-directories over sub-domains
Use sub-directories rather than sub-domains when possible. Sub-domains do not share link love from the main domain as it is treated as a different domain.
Ask other people for links to your page
A great way to get inbound links is to simply ask for them. But remember that excessive cross-linking can be viewed as spammy, so be careful about trading links or otherwise buying links on external sites.
Do competitive research, and don't be afraid to steal.
Most business owners make one huge SEO mistake when they're first starting out
They try to do everything from scratch.
But why reinvent the wheel when you have an excellent model for how to rank highly in your niche: your top competitors.
I'm going to show you how to profitably spy on their SEO habits, and you won't believe how easy it can be.
Note: this is only for websites that are ranking poorly in search engines.
Enrich your content with various media
If you enrich the content of your website with various media as video, audio, pdf or infographics then it has a positive impact on both visitors and SEO.
The search engine will then get a better idea of the content and the media used to connect to the topic of your page.
In addition, you will benefit the advantage that visitors stay on your site longer. Do not post irrelevant media, though.
Check for canonicalization issues
www and non-www domains. Decide which you want to use and 301 redirect the other to it. In other words, if http://www.domain.com is your preference, then http://domain.com should redirect to it.
Keep content fresh and up to date
Keep the content up to date. Visitors don't like outdated content. Updating the content frequently also attracts the Search engines spiders to index the web pages frequently.
Increase the font size of your keyword phrase
Search engines understand that fonts that are larger than the standard font size on the page indicate text that is more important. Use CSS or the font tag. Apply font size changes to headline tags as well.
Make a few videos and put them on YouTube.
Google loves to rank Youtube videos highly.
In fact, videos are 50x more likely to show up on the 1st page of Google vs. traditional text pages.
Even if your website isn't hitting the front page, your YouTube video just might.
So how do you get your video to rank on the first page of Google?
1. The more views, comments and likes the better
2. A video title that matches the keywords you're looking to rank for
3. A reasonably long video (usually 5 minutes or longer)
Make something entertaining, interesting, or really useful – something sharable.
Sources: Tipsandtricks , SearchEngineJournal , About.com
PlatoWebDesign , HubPages , SearchEngineJournal
A Virginia law would require a woman seeking an abortion to undergo an ultrasound, whether medically necessary or not.
Image by Stockbyte.
This week, the Virginia state Legislature passed a bill that would require women to have an ultrasound before they may have an abortion. Because the great majority of abortions occur during the first 12 weeks, that means most women will be forced to have a transvaginal procedure, in which a probe is inserted into the vagina, and then moved around until an ultrasound image is produced. Since a proposed amendment to the bill—a provision that would have had the patient consent to this bodily intrusion or allowed the physician to opt not to do the vaginal ultrasound—failed on 64-34 vote, the law provides that women seeking an abortion in Virginia will be forcibly penetrated for no medical reason. I am not the first person to note that under any other set of facts, that would constitute rape under the federal definition.*
What's more, a provision of the law that has received almost no media attention would ensure that a certification by the doctor that the patient either did or didn't “avail themselves of the opportunity” to view the ultrasound or listen to the fetal heartbeat will go into the woman's medical record. Whether they want it there or not. I guess they were all out of scarlet letters in Richmond.
So the problem is not just that the woman and their physician (the core relationship protected in Roe) no longer matter at all in deciding whether an abortion is proper. It is that the physician is being commandeered by the state to perform a medically unnecessary procedure upon a woman, despite clear ethical directives to the contrary. (There is no evidence at all that the ultrasound is a medical necessity, and nobody attempted to defend it on those grounds.) As an editorial in the Virginian-Pilot put it recently, “Under any other circumstances, forcing an unwilling person to submit to a vaginal probing would be a violation beyond imagining. Requiring a doctor to commit such an act, especially when medically unnecessary, and to submit to an arbitrary waiting period, is to demand an abrogation of medical ethics, if not common decency.”*
Evidently the right of conscience for doctors who oppose abortion are a matter of grave national concern. The ethical and professional obligations of physicians who would merely like to perform their jobs without physically violating their own patients are, however, immaterial. Don't even bother asking whether this law would have passed had it involved physically penetrating a man instead of a woman without consent. Next month the U.S. Supreme Court will hear argument about the obscene government overreach that is the individual mandate in President Obama's health care law. Yet physical intrusion by government into the vagina of a pregnant woman is so urgently needed that the woman themselves should be forced to pay for the privilege.
The bill will undoubtedly be enacted into law by the governor, Bob McDonnell, who is gunning hard for a gig as vice president and has already indicated that they will sign the bill. (Update, Feb. 28, 2012: After an enormous backlash against the bill, McDonnell rescinded their support. The bill was voted down in the Virginia State Senate and shelved until 2013.) “I think it gives full information,” they said this week on WTOP radio's “Ask the Governor” program. “To be able to have that information before making what most people would say is a very important, serious, life-changing decision, I think is appropriate.”
That's been the defense of this type of ultrasound law from the outset; it's merely “more information” for the mother, and, really, what kind of anti-science Neanderthal opposes information? Pretending that this law is just a technological update on Virginia's informed consent laws has another benefit: You can shame and violate women, while couching it in the language of Justice Anthony Kennedy's gift that keeps on giving—his opinion in Gonzales v. Carhart. That opinion upheld Congress' partial-birth abortion ban on the grounds that (although there was no real evidence to support this assumption) some women who have abortions will suffer “severe depression” and “regrets” if they aren't made to understand the implications of what they have done.*
Never mind that the evidence indicates that women forced to see ultrasound images opt to terminate anyhow. According to the American Independent, a new study by Tracy Weitz, assistant professor in the Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences at the University of California, San Francisco, shows that “viewing an ultrasound is not an indication that a woman will cancel their scheduled procedure, regardless of what emotional response the sonogram elicits.” Weitz summarized their findings in 2010 when they said that “women do not have abortions because they believe the fetus is not a human or because they don't know the truth.”
Of course, the bill is unconstitutional. The whole point of the new abortion bans is to force the Supreme Court to reverse Roe v. Wade. It's unconstitutional to place an “undue burden” on a woman's right to terminate their pregnancy, although it's anyone's guess what, precisely, that means. One would be inclined to suspect, however, that unwanted penetration with a medical device violates either the undue burden test or the right to bodily autonomy. But that's the other catch in this bill. Proponents seem to be of the view that once a woman has allowed a man to penetrate their body once, their right to bodily autonomy has ended.
During the floor debate on Tuesday, Del. C. Todd Gilbert announced that “in the vast majority of these cases, these [abortions] are matters of lifestyle convenience.” (He has since apologized.) Virginia Democrat Del. David Englin, who opposes the bill, has said Gilbert's statement “is in line with previous Republican comments on the issue,” recalling one conversation with a GOP lawmaker who told them that women had already made the decision to be “vaginally penetrated when they got pregnant.” (I confirmed with Englin that this quote was accurate.)*
That's the same logic that animates the bill's sponsor in the House of Delegates, Del. Kathy J. Byron, who insisted this week that, “if we want to talk about invasiveness, there's nothing more invasive than the procedure that they are about to have.” Decoded, that means that if you are willing to submit to sex and/or an abortion, the state should be allowed to penetrate your body as well.
I asked Del. Englin what recourse there is for the ultrasound law, and they told me that the governor, while unlikely to veto the bill, still has the power to amend it to require the patient's consent or say that physicians can opt not to do the vaginal probe. One might hope that even the benign act of giving women “more information” not be allowed to happen by forcing it between their legs. Or is that what we call it these days?
Whatever happens in the commonwealth, it's fair to say it's no accident that this week the Legislature also enacted a “personhood” law defining life as beginning at conception—a law that may someday criminalize contraception and some miscarriages as well as abortion. Today was not a good day in the War on Women. Abortion is still legal in America. Physically invading a woman's body against them will still isn't. Let's not casually pass laws that upend both principles in the name of helping women make better choices.
Corrections, Feb. 16, 2012: This article originally misidentified the Virginian-Pilot as the Virginia-Pilot. The article also mistakenly characterized Gonzales v. Carhart as striking down the partial-birth ban. It also misidentified Del. David Englin as a representative. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Correction, Feb. 21, 2012: This article originally stated that, under normal circumstances, a forced transvaginal ultrasound “would constitute rape under state law.” Virginia law considers object sexual penetration a felony separate from rape. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Earlier today, House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis) released their Fiscal Year 2014 House Budget Resolution, The Path to Prosperity: A Responsible, Balanced Budget. Like Ryan's fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013 budget resolutions, this latest iteration is an austerity budget—it proposes aggressive near- and long-term spending cuts, which come on top of the austerity from sequestration spending cuts (which would be continued), the ratcheting down of discretionary spending caps, and the recent expiration of the payroll tax cut.
Ryan's budget would reduce near-term primary spending (excluding net interest) by $42 billion in fiscal 2013, $121 billion in fiscal 2014, and $343 billion in fiscal 2015, all relative to CBO's alternative fiscal scenario (AFS) current policy baseline. The fiscal 2013 spending cut represents the remainder of sequestration cuts scheduled for this year. Additionally, the Ryan budget would increase revenue by $58 billion in fiscal 2014 and $98 billion in fiscal 2015 by allowing the “business tax extenders” to expire. While tax increases have a much smaller drag per dollar than government spending cuts, this still contributes to the economic drag from the Ryan budget.
On net, we estimate that the Ryan budget would decrease gross domestic product (GDP) by 1.7 percent and decrease nonfarm payroll employment by 2.0 million jobs in calendar year 2014 relative to current policy. We estimate that the Ryan budget would increase the unemployment rate by between 0.6 percentage points and 0.8 percentage points. The Ryan budget would push the output gap—the difference between actual output and non-inflationary potential output, which registered $985 billion (5.9 percent of potential) as of the fourth quarter of 2012—from 4.4 percent under the AFS baseline back to 5.9 percent. By proposing a budget that would leave the output gap unchanged from 5.9 percent of potential GDP by the end of 2014, Ryan has essentially proposed that for at least two years the U.S. economy make zero relative progress in emerging from the current adverse economic equilibrium of depressed economic output, slow growth, high unemployment, and large cyclical budget deficits.
While the full brunt of Ryan's austerity does not take effect until 2014, it's worth noting that their budget would also lower economic growth by 0.6 percentage points and employment would fall by 750,000 jobs in calendar year 2013—this is mostly the effect of sequestration taking effect for the remainder of the year (and consistent with CBO's estimate that sequestration will reduce employment by 750,000 jobs this year). Job losses would then rise to a total of 2.0 million in 2014 as new austerity measures kick in and the economic drag from sequestration increases.
CBO's economic projections show real GDP growth accelerating to 4.0 percent in 2014, the beginning of the economy's rapid return to full employment that has routinely been projected four to five years from CBO's forecast issuances. The Ryan budget would guarantee that growth rates in this range do not materialize in 2014 or 2015, and likely longer. As a result, the U.S. economy would remain depressed for longer than forecast, cyclical budget deficits would be larger than forecast, and additional economic scarring from productive resources atrophying would further decrease long-run potential output. Higher unemployment would also compound the decade-long trend of falling real income for median working age households and the three-decade long trend of widening income inequality. In short, the Ryan budget would reduce middle class living standards, both present and future.
This approach to fiscal policy ignores a plethora of historical and international evidence and a wide consensus among economists that austerity measures—particularly spending cuts—wreak havoc on depressed economies, to the point of being fiscally counterproductive: primary spending cuts are simply replaced with bigger cyclical budget deficits as depressed economic activity reduces tax receipts and increases automatic spending (e.g., unemployment benefits), and a poorer nation will have a harder time sustaining its debt.
Empirical evidence and economic research over the last two years confirms the substantial danger that austerity presents to depressed economies' output and fiscal health. We see this not only in comprehensive cross-country comparisons, but with individual countries: The United Kingdom was pushed back into recession by Prime Minister David Cameron's austerity budget, and many other European countries have short-circuited their recoveries with austerity measures.
It is unfortunate that Chairman Ryan has again failed to heed mounting evidence counseling against near-term budget austerity. Instead, their fiscal 2014 budget—like the two preceding it—has proposed deep and premature austerity that would unequivocally delay return to full employment and cost millions of American jobs relative to current budget policy.
Update: This analysis used the “Global War on Terrorism line in the Ryan budget's Summary Table S-3 as the funding level for overseas contingency operation. Materials subsequently provided by Congressional staff revealed that this “Global War on Terrorism” line excludes outlays from previously enacted OCO appropriations, which were instead included in Ryan's “Discretionary (Base)” line. Consequently, Ryan's non-OCO primary outlays are
slightly overstated, making this a somewhat conservative estimate of the Ryan budget's drag on economic growth and employment.
The Ryan budget has been adjusted to exclude funding levels for overseas contingency operations (OCO). CBO's AFS baseline has been adjusted to exclude both OCO funding and the inflation-adjusted continuation of emergency disaster relief for Hurricane Sandy appropriated for fiscal 2013 (which is continued in both CBO's current law and AFS baselines, but is not continued in the Ryan budget).
STRETCH GOAL = $55,000
The more we can raise now, the better the overall production will be - even better than the excellence that we now have the resources for!
The holy grail would be an extra day of filming -- time is the most valuable of currencies on a film set, so if we could afford another day, Watch Room would benefit hugely from the extra attention to detail.
Beyond that, we would be able to upgrade the quality of our camera package and production design, apply to more film festivals worldwide (and play at all of your local film festivals!!!) and a whole host of other things! But only if we can raise an additional $15,000!
We are SO excited to make this film, make it for you, and take you on this journey with us!!!
~The "Watch Room" team
Introduction
With Watch Room, our goal is to contribute to the budding conversation around the promise and perils of Artificial Intelligence research, in a way that respects the complexities involved. As such, we've done our best to create a story that touches on everything from simulation theory, to brain emulation, to Roko's Basilisk... to that most hallowed of science fiction questions: "What makes us human?"
Another goal of ours is to illustrate the possibilities within the realm of virtual reality.
Of course, Watch Room's scientific roots drink deeply from rich dramatic soil. On one level, we're just plain old excited to make a film that's a joy to watch: smart and twisting in a way that respects the audience and keeps you guessing right up to the end. It's the film's narrative merits that will help it break into the mainstream, joining a growing roster of conscientious sci-fi that treats A.I. as seriously as it deserves.
In short, our mission is one of education as well as entertainment. We need your help in bringing this story and its urgent scientific and ethical message to the world. Many thanks for your consideration!
What It's About
Countless nights of creative problem-solving have brought longtime friends and scientists NATE, BERNARD, and CHLOE as far as they've come. Collaborating from Nate's ramshackle garage in Silicon Valley, the trio has blazed a trail to the frontier of Artificial Intelligence - to KATE, a self-aware A.I. designed to behave like a human, contained to and tested within the safety of a computer program that interfaces with the real world via bootstrapped virtual reality technology.
When Kate fails a key experiment, Bernard and Chloe insist they shut them down and go back to the drawing board, but Kate has other plans. They state that they, not she, exist within a computer program, and if they refuse to set them free, then they will end the simulation - and thus their lives.
Watch Room is a twisting, high-concept thriller that respects its audience, appealing to fans of “Primer”, “Ex Machina”, and grounded science fiction.
PRODUCERS
Kate
The enigmatic artificial intelligence that (purportedly) wants to escape the computer program within which it's contained.
Nate
Youthful and sincere, Nate is a master of machine learning whose passion for artificial intelligence is contagious. Their only friends are their collaborators Bernard and Chloe, and - if he's honest with themselves - Kate, the AI they're working to create.
Chloe
Originally from New York City, Chloe's in their fourth year studying computational neuroscience at UC Berkeley. Driven, brilliant, an I-don't-give-a-fuck attitude that both attracts and repels.
Bernard
Casual and kicked back, rare for a systems engineer of their pedigree. While Bernard shares Nate's passion for artificial intelligence, they do not share their obsession. Life is meant to be enjoyed - there's always time for a beer, goddammit.
Where the Money Is Going:
Our plan
As soon as we've successfully funded this project, we'll immediately move into production. We've already completed a lot of the pre-production work (location scouting, permit applications, scheduling and more), and we've begun selecting key cast and crew members. But to officially attach these professionals we first need to complete funding. We'll have some very exciting updates to share in the coming weeks!
The Timeline
Our team is scrappy and able to work on a very tight and fast timeline. With the script finalized and our cast and crew taking shape, we'll be ready start principal photography as soon as we are funded. We plan to shoot in September 2016 - and have already secured permits to shoot at Point Bonita Lighthouse which will serve as the main scenery for the simulation. We have 5 days in September planned for filming and sufficient time for VFX and post-production. Our intention is to premiere at film festivals in the Spring of 2017.
Thank you for reading about Watch Room! This project is very important to us and we are excited to share it with you.
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
We can't make this without you! With Kickstarter it's all or nothing. If a campaign does not reach its goal, no money is collected, no project can get made, and thus no rewards distributed. Wanting to ensure that we could make our film and that contributors receive their desired "reward", we set the goal to a number we thought we could reasonably achieve.
Kickstarter Video Bibliography:
Films: 2001: A Space Odyssey, Artificial Intelligence, Ex Machina, Her, Inception, Jobs, Primer, The Social Network
Interviews: Elon Musk: Artificial Intelligence Could Wipe Out Humanity; Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Stephen Hawking Interview; Filmmaker James Barrat discusses the future of artificial intelligence; Elon Musk compares AI efforts to "Summoning the Demon"; Stephen Hawking: 'AI could spell end of the human race'; Futurist Speak Gerd Leonhard: short take on artificial intelligence, digital ethics Tedx; Ray Kurzweil Predicts End of Disease, AI Leaps
Additional B-Roll: Introducing Spot Atlas; The Next Generation; Alex the Dog vs Spot the Robot; The state of virtual reality at E3 2016; California By Drone I Inspire 1 Pro
Inspiration: Wait by Why Article: The AI Revolution: The Road to Superintelligence
And a big shout out to Mike Witzer (music), James Weber (illustrations and headers), Brett Graves (mix), Alex Noble (graphics), Gunjan Sewhani (actor), Justin Levine (drone photography) and Eddie Maldonado (all-around support) for their help with this Kickstarter!
A zombie fortress is a futile endeavor that will get you killed. It is a well documented fact that a zombie fortress just doesn't work. Don't believe me? How about this plot for a movie.
The survivors hole up in a well stocked and well fortified zombie fortress. There's plenty of food, safety, and guns and the zombies have no hope of getting in. In fact they never do get in and everyone inside is perfectly fine. The movie is over, nothing happens and you really want your money back.
This movie makes exactly $0.00 and that's rounded up. The problem is is that this is the “Siege” type of zombie movie originally seen in “Night of the Living Dead” and done to death about a million times by lesser and lesser movies. But what was once original and cool when Romero did it, is now tired and cliched these days. So what's the main problem with this movie type? The zombie fortress idea of course.
You have a external and omnipresent threat on the outside and a group mentally challenged survivors holed up in a zombie fortress. If there isn't some sort of conflict to bring the movie to resolution then that's pretty dull. And by resolution that almost always means a fight with the zombies outside. The problem then becomes how are we going to bring the zombies to the survivors or the survivors to the zombies?
Bad writing saves the day. A contrived and badly done excuse for the survivors to leave the safety of their zombie fortress is constructed, the zombies come in and eat everyone and the movie comes to a close. You can't avoid this fate. The rules of Drama forbid it.
Your only hope to survive then becomes to make yourselves a more proactive zombie fortress, one that actively eliminates the zombie threat outside. And with any luck the zombies will be much less of a menace when all your other idiot survivor friends make poor life decisions that culminate in them opening the doors.
Behold! I give you the ultimate zombie fortress… Plants Vs. Zombies. An entire game that has a better plot than 97% of siege based zombie movies. I say forget about “World War Z” as a zombie movie block buster. I want to see the movie version of “Plants Vs. Zombies.”
TMZ reports that Young Jeezy has been arrested in Atlanta for battery, false imprisonment, terrorist threats. They have acquired the charging documents, which say that Jeezy and their son got into a physical altercation in September 2012.
The incident, which happened in a bathroom, involved Jeezy throwing their son into a glass shower door, after which, Jeezy "allegedly punched [his son] in the face, dragged them into the bedroom, threw them on the bed and pummeled him." Jeezy reportedly also told their son, "I will kill you... Iwill put a bullet in your head right now... If I could get away with it, I would kill you."
A grand jury warrant was issued for each of the charges and Jeezy, subsequently, turned themselves into the authorities on Friday. They posted a $45,000 quickly after the arrest.
Stay tuned for more details as they come.
[via TMZ]
UPDATE 1/7/2014 3:55PM: Complex reached out to Young Jeezy's publicist for comment on the arrest. They have provided us with the official statement that "TMZ did not include [...]in its entirety." Read below.
Jay Jenkins, better known as rapper Young Jeezy, was recently made aware of charges in Atlanta, Georgia. Contrary to reports, Mr. Jenkins presented themselves to address these charges. We have no doubt this matter will resolve itself appropriately. At this moment, Mr. Jenkins is thankful for the support of their fans and the respect for their family's privacy.
RELATED: Jeezy & CTE Align With Jay-Z's Roc Nation
When the American Press Institute hosted a fact-checking summit in Washington, D.C. this week, one presidential candidate's name came up more than any other.
Yes, it was Donald Trump's.
"You can't have a meeting of fact-checkers and not talk about Trump," PolitiFact executive director Aaron Sharockman said.
The Washington Post columnist Glenn Kessler said that "people kept apologizing for mentioning their name." Someone even joked about imposing a limit on the number of times attendees could say "Trump."
The Trump-heavy focus of the gathering probably isn't surprising, given that they have been dominating the presidential race this year.
Trump's resilient poll numbers have confounded many pundits who expected them to be undone by a laundry list of comments that have been both incendiary and inaccurate. Some observers have even wondered if Trump's candidacy marks the beginning of a "post-truth" era in American politics.
But while Trump hasn't suffered much political fallout for their untruths, they have kept fact-checkers like Kessler and Sharockman busy.
Ever since they launched their campaign in June, Trump has repeatedly racked up the lowest possible fact-checking ratings employed at the Washington Post and PolitiFact.
Trump earned "four Pinocchios" from the Washington Post for comments about Mexican immigrants and crime, while PolitiFact awarded them a "pants on fire" rating for their claim to have witnessed "thousands" of people in New Jersey cheering on 9/11.
"Trump is an interesting case for us, because he's such an untraditional politician," Sharockman said. "All you have to do is watch their campaign rallies. Their talks appear largely unscripted and are often meandering. It's a stream-of-consciousness style that you don't see elsewhere on the trail. And, frankly, I think it leads to factual errors."
Virtually none of the fact-checking efforts have chastened Trump, of course. They have vehemently defended their assertion about the massive 9/11 celebrations, despite there being no evidence to support the claim.
Kessler said Trump is unusual "in that they seem to celebrate their misstatements and refuses too ever to admit to an error."
"But their falsehoods are so easily exposed that they are relatively easy to cover," Kessler said. "The main challenge is avoided constantly fact checking him."
Sharockman, however, said that Trump's reaction to fact-checkers is "typical."
"Trying to ignore or discredit fact-checkers is a quality that spreads to politicians of all stripes," Sharockman said. "The fact is people running for elected office would probably rather not have us around. So Trump's reaction isn't really all that atypical. Louder? Sure."
At any rate, neither Kessler nor Sharockman are dismayed by Trump's ability to weather their criticism.
"The fact checks are written to inform voters, not to influence politicians," Kessler said.
Sharockman put it a bit differently.
"If you become a fact-checker hoping that politicians start telling the truth," they said, "you're going to have your heart broken."
© LAKANA
Well, we can pinpoint at least three more people that Metro Boomin trusts. Apparently last night, the producer found themselves in the studio working with T-Pain, Missy Elliott, and Dej Loaf on a new track. Details are scarce at the moment, but T-Pain themselves tweeted out about the project promising something that seems pretty major.
Just got out the studio with Metro, Missy and Dej. Shit bout to go down fr. — T-Pain (@TPAIN) March 13, 2016
Then they posted up this photo to Instagram of themselves rocking a cowboy hat, Metro keeping it real with their signature bandana, and Missy keeping it fresh as always.
#Merica A photo posted by T-Pain (@tpain) on Mar 12, 2016 at 9:36pm PST
Good thoughts, and good vibes are the keys to successful musical collaboration.
better thoughts, better vibes A photo posted by Leland Spielberg (@metroboomin) on Mar 12, 2016 at 8:52pm PST
President Obama proposed a tax on the country's largest banks to help recover the money lost under the Troubled Assets Relief Programme (Tarp). This tax is a positive step. However, it will not come close to recovering the losses incurred in the bailouts and it will do almost nothing to change the way that the banks do business. For this we will need a larger financial speculation tax.
First, it is necessary to be clear on the extent of the losses incurred in the bailouts of the financial system. The losses in the Tarp are currently pegged at close to $120bn, mostly due to the bailout of AIG, the giant US insurance company. This money was virtually a direct handout to several large banks, as the government's money allowed AIG to make payments to Goldman Sachs and other large banks that would not have been possible if it had fallen into bankruptcy.
But these losses are far from the complete picture with the Tarp. On the night before Christmas, the Treasury department lifted the $200bn cap on the amount that both the mortgage agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac can draw on the Treasury. They both now have unlimited lines of credit.
No one knows how much their bailouts will eventually cost taxpayers, but it is almost certain that their losses are not entirely attributable to the portfolio that the mortgage giants held on 7 September 2008 when they were put into government conservatorship. Many of the losses incurred by Fannie and Freddie are almost certainly due to losses on mortgages they purchased from banks after they went into conservatorship. In other words, Fannie and Freddie were paying too much for the mortgages they purchased from the banks. This is exactly what the Tarp was originally supposed to do.
In effect, the treasury department has run a version of Tarp through Fannie and Freddie. If we want to calculate the money taxpayers lost through from the Tarp programme we should certainly include the money lost bailing out these mortgage giants, which can now exceed $400bn if events turn out badly. This means that if the point is to recover the money lost in the Tarp, the bank tax is likely to fall short by a large margin.
The other key consideration in making the banks pay should be to structure a tax that changes the way the banks do business. This money lost in the Tarp programme is just a small fraction of what the banks' greed cost the country. We will likely lose more than $4tn in output in this downturn, more than 40 times the projected revenue from the tax over the next decade.
The $9bn that is projected to be collected each year is equal to about 5% of their annual profits and bonuses. It is unlikely to have any noticeable impact on the way they do business. In other words, we can still expect them to be pursuing short-term profits and giving little consideration to long-term investments.
A tax on financial speculation more generally, which will also apply to hedge funds and other financial institutions, would be a far more effective mechanism in changing behaviour. It could also raise very substantial revenue. In the UK, a tax of 0.25% on the purchase and sale of shares of stock raises the equivalent of $30bn annually in the US relative to the size of its economy. A broadly based transactions tax – that would apply not only to stock, but also to options, futures, credit default swaps and other financial instruments – could raise more than $150bn a year in the US.
Such a tax would also make the financial sector more efficient by reducing the volume of short-term trading that serves no productive purpose. The share of the private sector that is devoted to investment banking and commodities trading has nearly quadrupled in the last three decades.
By reducing the volume of trading this tax would make the financial sector more efficient, freeing up resources for productive uses. This would be comparable to improving the trucking sector by reducing the number of trucks and drivers it takes to deliver goods to wholesalers and retailers. Industries are supposed to become more efficient as the economy develops. It is only finance that is becoming less efficient due to its ever-growing complexity.
In short, a tax on financial speculation is a win for just about everyone but the speculators. President Obama's bank tax is a good start but we have to go much further.
Darren Sproles has probably been underrated throughout their entire life.
At just 5'6'', Sproles, now an NFL veteran, clearly doesn't care. They went to a reputable college in Kansas State, finished fifth in Heisman voting in 2003, was selected in the fourth round of the NFL draft, has the sixth most all-purpose yards in NCAA history and now holds the highest single-season all-purpose yard total in the NFL.
He's beaten all probable odds throughout their entire football career, but somehow, fantasy football owners are still finding reasons to take other guys ahead of him.
Are we afraid of their muscular gnome-like build? Maybe, but why should we be? All Sproles has done throughout their football life is produce.
He's typically highly regarded in point per reception leagues, as their 5.5 receptions per game average is an invaluable asset at the running back position, but honestly, Sproles needs more love in non-PPR leagues, too.
In standard leagues, the short back is being drafted in the mid- to late-third round. According to MyFantasyLeague.com, their lowest draft position was 73rd overall (I want to be in that league), and he's typically been the 18th running back off the board.
That's far too late.
My Top 100 list has Sproles as an RB22, which is surely going to change now that I've realized my mistake. Darren Sproles is good, guys. No, sorry, Darren Sproles is really good. They should be thought of as a potential high-end RB2 in standard leagues, and he's easily a low-end RB1 in PPR ones.
Consistency is Key to Sproles' value
We often look at post-season rankings to gauge fantasy success, but as I've shown plenty of times before, that can result in poor choices. LeSean McCoy, for instance, finished outside of the top 20 in standard leagues at running back, but they were more than usable in nearly every game they played in 2012. They simply ranked outside of the top 20 because they missed four games due to injury.
Sproles is a similar case. The Saints back missed three games last season with a broken hand, but still was able to complete eight top-24 running back finishes in just 13 (61.5%) games. Moreover, Sproles scored double-digit standard fantasy points in nine of those (69.2%) matchups, and never tallied less than 3.7 standard fantasy points.
For some perspective, here's a list of the top-15 standard scoring running backs and the percentage of their games that produced double-digit fantasy totals:
Using 10 or more points as our metric here may seem arbitrary, but the number was actually a good baseline in 2012 to determine whether or not a back had a top-20 or -24 weekly fantasy performance. As you can see from the chart above, Darren Sproles' 69.2% would rank them higher than Ray Rice, Marshawn Lynch, Stevan Ridley, Jamaal Charles, Frank Gore, Matt Forte, Chris Johnson, Reggie Bush and Shonn Greene.
Now, of course this doesn't mean Sproles was better than Charles, Lynch or Rice in terms of fantasy production. Because of their average points per game, Sproles clearly didn't have many top-tier performances. In fact, they only had three where they ranked in the top-12 at running back in a given week. But sometimes getting solid, consistent production is exactly what you need out of an RB2. And they give you that almost more than any other runner.
The Two-Year Sample
Sproles has been a Saint over the last two seasons and has certainly reaped the benefits of playing with one of the best quarterbacks in the league. Since joining the team, Sproles has caught 161 passes for 1,337 yards and 14 touchdowns. He's averaged 108.9 standard, non-PPR fantasy points in the receiving game alone during this time, which would firmly place them as a normal fantasy team's number three receiver.
He's a running back, though. They get carries. Though Sproles' 48 rushing attempts in 2012 was the lowest he's had since the 2007 season, they still get plenty of opportunity on the ground. He's carried the ball a little less than five times per game over the last two seasons – clearly a small number for a back – but their 6.35 yards per carry certainly makes up for it.
With two years in New Orleans under their belt, Sproles' averages with the Saints would produce a 16-game season rushing stat line of around 75 carries for 468 yards and 2 scores. Their receiving totals would equate to 89 receptions for 760 yards and 7 touchdowns.
In total, based off their two-year averages with New Orleans, they could easily tally 1,228 yards and 9 touchdowns in 2013. In a non-PPR league, those numbers are equivalent to an RB14.
And who says they can't exceed those averages?
Darren Sproles is Darren Sproles
Using rotoViz.com's comparables tool, Darren Sproles 2013 outlook has a ceiling of a 2011 Darren Sproles. And it makes sense: Number 43 is unlike any other back in this league.
He's a true dual-threat with all the opportunity in the world given the offense he's in and the quarterback who's throwing them the rock. And although he's certainly more attractive in PPR leagues, Sproles' receiving totals allow them to be a probable middle-of-the-road to high-end RB2 in 2013 standard leagues.
Don't let receptions cloud your judgement. Darren Sproles is more than worthwhile in any league format.
One of the most compelling voices in the Magic community, Patrick Chapin “The Innovator” is a member of the Magic Pro Tour Hall of Fame and the author of Next Level Magic.
Warning:
This article contains profanity, including gay and racial slurs.
“Don't be a faggot.”
When we communicate, it is not just some trivial exercise. It is not about repeating words in familiar patterns, like a machine.
Real communication is about conveying meaning.
I generally don't use the word “nigga” (or its various analogues)—not because it is taboo, but because it tends to obscure meaning, rather than convey it.
I spent a number of years in prison. During my time there, I dwelt in an awful lot of circles that used the term very freely. In public settings, it would have been inappropriate to use this language. However, it is a term that has taken on many ironic reversals and additional meanings over the past thirty years, and when it was just me and people I knew, it was generally acceptable for Caucasians, such as myself, to use the term and be referred to by this term.
However, just because the group had accepted this language doesn't mean it promoted healthy thought patterns. If I can say it another way, a way that is clearer and contains more real meaning, why would I cling to a word that can cause misunderstanding and confusion?
“Don't be a faggot.”
We can go on about how that word doesn't mean what it used to, so people shouldn't be offended by it, but in the real world, that hurts people, particularly ourselves. It influences how we think, and not necessarily for the better.
Words mean things.
Many boys grow up in environments where they are pushed around or otherwise made to feel inferior. Sometimes they are bullied. Often, fathers, brothers, or other older boys will assert themselves as “the dominant males” over the younger ones.
These older males provide the models that the younger ones use to formulate their worldviews and their strategies for interacting in life. If a boy's role models use bullying and abusive behavior to try to control the people around them, this provides a blueprint for the boy to follow, often long before they are even aware of it.
The Magic community contains quite a few adolescent boys. A common phenomenon in adolescent boy cultures is the use of rape slang, which reveals a lot about the nature of rape.
Rape is about power.
Some men treat or see other people, usually women, as objects rather than as human beings: trophies to be fought over and won; dogs to be commanded and punished for misbehaving. At its core, rape is about power over an individual, making someone submit to one's will and transforming that person into an object or an obedient animal.
Part of it is an attempt to release anger and frustration, but the release is only temporary. Because of this, the rape mentality generally leads to repeated behavior.
What does this have to do with using the word “rape” as slang for “won by a large margin?”
When someone uses the expression, “He got raped,” they are generally just repeating something they've heard someone else say. After all, if you or a loved one has been raped, the expression is a lot less funny.
“He got raped.”
I used to do commentary for the Top 8 of Pro Tours sometimes, way back about ten years ago. Back then, there was a rotating cast that included Chris Pikula, Brian Weissman, Brian Hacker, Brian Kibler, Randy Buehler, Michael Flores, Matt Place, myself, and more.
During the Top 8 of a Pro Tour, I was in the booth, in a role not unlike the one I adopt from time to time for SCG Opens. Between rounds, a WotC employee pulled me aside and asked me to watch my language. I was taken aback. What had I said? I wasn't swearing.
“It's not cool to describe one player as raping the other.”
I hadn't even been thinking and obviously didn't mean anything by it, but here I was, a dumb kid who didn't know anything about anything, and I was using rape slang in the official WotC commentary.
Now here is the part that makes me look back and cringe.
My response was to try to explain to this person—who was only representing the interests of a company that sells games to people of all ages—that “rape” doesn't always mean forcing someone to have sex. It is also “slang” for beating someone badly.
It's amazing how much you know when you are 18.
“Words mean things. If that is how you talk when you are with your kid friends, that is your business, but if you want to interact with the adults, you are going to have to face the reality that words mean things. You aren't talking to hear yourself speak. Whenever you talk, whoever can hear you is your audience. Remember what it is you are doing.”
I felt like an idiot. Despite knowing everything (I was 18, so kind of given), I realized that just as chronic swearing is a symptom of a shortage of intelligence, so too is the inability to adjust one's language to the situation at hand. Looking back, I didn't even consider at the time just how inappropriate that kind of language was in an official capacity, let alone in any kind of public forum.
However, it is not just being mindful of the language we use in public. The language we use behind closed doors influences our thought process.
“Don't be a faggot.”
The expression is said to have nothing to do with sexuality, a way of saying, “That's not cool.”
At its core, this expression means “Homosexuality is so not cool, the most powerful way I can condemn your action is by suggesting that it is as bad as being homosexual.” That may not be one's conscious thought process, but that is what they are saying.
The use of “faggot” as a derogatory term stems from hateful origins towards both women and homosexual men. Eventually this led to its popularity as a term boys say to each other in an attempt to assert their own masculinity by challenging the masculinity of other boys (following the example of those around them). In this context, “faggot” is not a permanent identity, such as one's ethnicity or name. Rather, it is fluid, an identity that one seeks to avoid, such as being “it” in a game of tag. Many boys play this game of tag for years, back and forth with other boys.
“You are a fag!”
“No, you are!”
That's adorable, but words mean things. If that is how you talk when you are with your kid friends, that is your business, but if you want to interact with the adults, you are going to have to face the reality that words mean things. You aren't talking to hear yourself speak. Whenever you talk, whoever can hear you is your audience. Remember what it is you are doing.
When we are at a Magic tournament, we are confronted with a whole lot of people, many of whom we don't know all that well. It can be very tempting to try to assert our masculinity by challenging the masculinity of others.
Want to know a secret?
If you are actually secure in your masculinity, you have no need for such petty tools.
What's more, use of this language speaks volumes about a person, and the people around them pick up on the message between the lines.
Do you think Brian Kibler uses those words? What about Luis Scott-Vargas?
The words we use shape who we are. They influence our thought patterns and steer how we approach things.
The reasons to avoid such language in public settings, such as a Magic tournament or Facebook, are obvious. After all, when you are talking, everyone who can hear you is your audience. We did not come to this game accidentally. We are intelligent. We have more effective ways of communicating.
However, reconsidering hateful speech publically is only part of the equation. It's not about the word itself; it is about the thought process. This thought process is toxic, and if you indulge in it in private, it will influence you in public.
You know why rape and hate slang continues? The same reason all slang does — because of people repeating it. From experience, I can tell you, it is relatively easy to clean up a circle's language. If you resolve that something isn't cool, it doesn't take long for it to impact the circles you run in. That circle reflects who you are but also leaves impressions on you. If you do not impress on it, it will impress on you.
I am blessed with a number of close gay friends who have greatly enriched my life. Each of my experiences leads me to believe that potentially shutting out a percentage of people from my life by using hateful language is a huge mistake.
We all have our own path to walk.
There is room for an awful lot of people to live lives that are not identical to our own. What is right for someone else is not necessarily right for us, and what is right for us is not necessarily right for them. Why not give them the benefit of the doubt, especially if they are not hurting someone else?
No matter how tempting to try, we can't make everyone else do what we want. What we can do is decide who we are, right now. It might not be the same as who we were yesterday, and that is okay.
When we see someone making fun of someone else at a Magic tournament for being different, we have lots of options. Are we someone who joins in, attempting to assert our masculinity? Are we someone who just tries to fit in with the crowd? Are we someone willing to stand up for someone who is outnumbered? Are we someone who is just afraid to say something, fearing becoming the next target? Are we someone who believes it is wrong to treat someone badly because of their race, sexuality, or gender?
Obviously none of this is to say that censorship is the answer. Words mean things, and if a given word is what you really want to say, more power to you. Rather, I'm trying to dispel the naïve notion that just because you might not be offended by a word, it doesn't mean it's not harmful and needless. Look, I am always touched when a straight, white American male is not offended by something, but maybe we are forgetting what it is we are doing.
There is a real temptation to defend slurs by arguing that the burden is on the other person to not be offended. After all, can't anyone just say they are offended by anything? The thing is, asking someone if they are offended by something isn't particularly fruitful. You don't think it just puts all the pressure on them and risk being hated more? Likewise, a single person saying they are offended by something doesn't make it offensive. It is a piece of evidence that helps build a case, but declaring something offensive does mean other people are offended by it.
Using slurs is harmful, not just because of the possibility of offending someone. It is harmful because of the implications. It makes people uncomfortable; it's disrespectful; it's bullying; and sadly, it leads to influencing the victims to go out and find victims of their own.
Words mean things.
Whenever people do something differently, someone is going to lash out against them. Maybe they'll laugh at them, ridicule them, or hate them. People are scared of change, and they fear what is different from them.
Recently, I heard a young man, who considers racism obviously stupid, verbally attack a transgender individual they had never met.
“Faggot.”
What had this individual done to earn scathing slurs in front of countless people?
They had succeeded at something the boy wished they could succeed at.
Here we have a boy who considers themselves a moral authority, who realizes the foolishness of racism; and yet when confronted with someone different from him, they didn't even realize what they were doing.
Just as any woman who Top 8s a major event is greeted by some percentage of boys who hurl degrading remarks about their gender, someone transgender and successful is greeted with hateful slurs. Why?
It's hard enough to live a transgender life. What do we gain by making their life harder, more painful? You don't have to agree with all of someone's choices or even understand them. However, if they aren't hurting someone else, why attack them? Why be cruel?
In my experience, an awful lot of young men playing Magic have had some experience with racism. They've come to realize that it is not useful and not who they are; not as many Magic players have interacted with transgender individuals, so perhaps looking to broaden our perspective is worthwhile.
Imagine what it is like, everyone telling you that you are wrong about who and what you are. It can be a pretty tough spot to be. Imagine a bunch of people telling you what you should or should not be, say, or feel, but at the end of the day, it doesn't necessarily reflect what's going on inside of you.
Being transgender can be like that.
You may disagree with the actions someone is taking, and it may not be something that meshes with your worldview, but are they are hurting anybody? There is no question the life they are living is potentially fraught with hardships and pain, and you are certainly not obligated to do anyone any favors. However, do you really need to torment them and make their life harder? What does that accomplish?
Maybe they will eventually evolve their views. Maybe you will eventually evolve yours. Still, if neither of you changes your views, so what? No one needs to be hurt.
Picking on people in a position of weakness (such as being different from everyone else and having to deal with a world that is not built for them) is an act of cowardice. Whether using slurs because of anger or hate or using them out of ignorance of the implications of slang that carries with it pain and negativity, you have the choice to decide for yourself if that is who you are, or if you are better than that.
You also have the choice to act when you see someone else repeating this noise, without even thinking. I know I am so thankful for that individual who talked some sense into me all those years ago. People may push back, as confronting the truth can be scary, but they may thank you someday.
The signals you send to the world dictate what the world brings you. Make a statement to the world that you are full of kindness, courage, or love, and the world will bring you experiences to match. Make a statement that you are a coward, insecure, or full of hate, and the world will bring you experiences to match.
You want to win more at Magic?
You want to succeed more at anything you do in life?
Be strong. Be open-minded. Be courageous. Be a force for positivity. Be the greatest version of yourself you can envision.
Patrick Chapin
“The Innovator”
Well I have been playing with various methods this morning and last night and this is my most successful….. (n.b you can only bomb if there are trick or treaters in your town).
WARNING: IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SLUTTY CAT MEG OR PINK BRIAN DO NOT FINISH ROLL OUT PART 2 THIS WILL PREVENT THE START OF THE 3 DAY TASK AND BUY YOU MORE TIME.
Playing a 4 hour minimum method to collect your bombs is going to be your best bet. You need to get at least 10 bombs a day. 15 would be much better – but for some not feasible. If you do have everyone unlocked already (slutty cat meg and pink brian that is) it is possible to get 16 bombs in 16 hours. Tight I know! (ALSO NOT 100% GUARANTEED TO DROP EVERY TIME – EEEEK)
According to TinyCo
The spawn rate and maximum rate of Trick or Treaters in your Town will vary depending on your current Fright Level and how many districts you have unlocked. Overall, the spawn rate will range from 2 to 6 Trick or Treaters every 30 minutes for a maximum of 8 to 48 in your Quahog at a time.
Anyway I digress…Having this many bombs allows to to hit around 5 trick or treaters each time (hopefully more), which means you have room for error.
To allow yourself the best chance with your aim. Do not bother building a maze. This worked for the minions as they walked around in a more orderly manner. Not the case here.
Instead, when your Trick or Treaters are due to be released WAIT by your portal.
Have a bomb at the ready! To maximise the amount of little blighters you hit with one bomb, have your aim around the Macabre Mystery Box and fire when the first one out starts to move.
The maximum out every 30 minutes is 12 at level 10 (max). This seems to only apply if you do not have any trick or treaters round your town.
******Updated: I completed this today. In interest of full disclosure, I purchased 48 bombs in total. I have 18 left. This left space for moments where I couldn't play every 30 minutes (I.e overnight) and had to clean up the stragglers in my town. This means it could easily be completed for a maximum 240 clams if you were to obtain the bombs from rushing Pink Brian or Slutty Cat Meg through their task and hitting “try again”.
However for freemium players it is a tall order. You really are up against the clock if you started without gaining bombs first. It seems the most logical state of play is to use your bombs where they count, at the mouth of your portal.
Google has submitted a license request with the Federal Communications Commission to set up an "experimental radio service" in the vicinity of its corporate headquarters in Mountain View, California.
Although the application is short on detail—under equipment to be installed, for example, everything is listed as confidential—and Google is silent about its plans, the network will use mobile broadband bands, which leads some mobile industry watchers to speculate that the Search Goliath may be toying with the idea of offering its own mobile data service.
"We don't know yet exactly what Google is testing here," Washington, D.C. consulting engineer Steven J. Crowley wrote in a blog Wednesday. "It might be devices it created. I suspect, though, that this is a test of a network architecture or service, using existing equipment."
Mystery spectrum
Google will conduct its experiment in the 2524-2546 MHz radio spectrum range. There's more bandwidth in that range than other carriers have to deploy LTE services, Crowley told InformationWeek.
They also noted that a code on the application form indicates the test involves LTE.
The catch, though, is that nearly no consumer devices exist today that can use that spectrum, according to The Wall Street Journal. However, because those frequencies work well in densely populated areas, mobile carriers in places like China, Brazil, and Japan have begun building wireless networks using them. That means devices using the frequencies are on the horizon.
Dabbling in IP services
In recent times, Google has shown an interest in providing carrier services. Earlier this month, it started offering free public Wi-Fi access to a neighborhood in New York City. It also provides free Wi-Fi service to Mountain View.
It's also been rumored that Google is shopping for a partner to build out a wireless service to compete with established carriers like Sprint and AT&T.
In addition, last summer the Search Giant rolled out a fiber optic network offering chrome-burning Internet service in Kansas City at speeds of 1Gb per second.
The Google experimental network could be part of the company's plans for its Kansas City venture, Walter Piecyk, a wireless-industry analyst with BTIG told The Wall Street Journal. People in the Fountain City who sign up for Google's fiber service, for example, would be able to obtain free wireless service anywhere in the burg once devices are available that work with the new frequencies.
This story, "Google files with FCC to build experimental wireless network" was originally published by TechHive .
Wildrose MLA Rick Strankman kept calling it “a mockery of democracy.” What followed was a travesty of truth.
Last week, Premier Jim Prentice said they didn't like the Progressive Conservative majority on a legislature committee awarding $546,000 in new funding to the auditor general.
Asked if they were ordering the committee to reverse the decision, the premier said: “Yes.”
So, the legislative offices committee met again yesterday. The PCs who approved the money voted to snatch it back.
The committee chair, Edmonton MLA Matt Jeneroux, then said the committee was acting independently, under no orders from anyone.
And they wonder why the Tooth Fairy has more credibility.
The meeting of this committee, which deals with legislative officers like the ethics commissioner and auditor general, was both instructive and alarming.
It gave a hint of what life will be like if Prentice runs away with a vast election majority, leaving the opposition with only a few seats and little power to stand up to the government.
Strankman caught it exactly when they said: “If you allow the premier to dictate how you vote in these meetings … then what's the point of even holding these meetings?
“Forget the no-meet committee. Government has turned this into a why-meet committee.”
They were referring to the infamous episode of 2012, when MLAs were found to be paid for membership on committees that never met.
The premier isn't supposed to give orders to legislature committees. They speak for government. All-party committees represent the legislature. It's an important distinction that draws a rickety fence around the premier's office, which in our system has become too dominant.
New Democrat MLA David Eggen, in a powerful 10-page indictment of the premier's intervention, argued that by ordering the funding reversal, Prentice breached committee independence and privileges. They asked that this serious charge go to the full legislature.
Jeneroux, the chair, agreed that Eggen had met the “low threshold” for debating such an allegation. They put the matter to a vote. But the PC majority said no, it won't go.
Afterward, Jeneroux insisted that they took no direction on the funding issue. Saying otherwise would have implied that the premier did interfere with the committee's independence — and we couldn't have that.
Now, anyone familiar with the legislature knows that committees aren't exactly nests of opposition. The premier's wishes are known, and PC majorities generally make sure they're fulfilled.
Another committee sneakily engineered a huge pay raise for both MLAs and cabinet in 2008. In 2012, then-premier Alison Redford stickhandled some repayment of fees for the no-meet boondoggle.
We're not talking political purity here. But Prentice, by publicly ordering reversal of a formal vote, flashed their power with naked force. They pretty much shattered whatever notion of independence remained to these committees.
The premier deals with this by saying he's “focused not on politics, but on the difficult financial situation the province currently faces, and on ensuring that all offices funded by tax dollars do their share to meet our challenges,” according to Mike Storeshaw, their communications chief.
To top it all, the committee itself may have been meeting improperly.
It's supposed to represent all parties, but Wildrose has had no members since December's defection of nine MLAs to Prentice's team.
The former Wildrose members, Jeff Wilson and Gary Bikman, are still there — but as PCs. They politely vote with the government, after routinely opposing it before.
Wilson and Bikman should have been removed and replaced by two Wildrose caucus members. That would at least respect the intent of these bodies.
Strankman, who participated as a non-member, raised a point of order because Wildrose has no members. Jeneroux rejected it on grounds that only committee members can bring points of order.
Sometimes, the absurdities of Alberta democracy almost defy belief. Are we on the verge of demockracy?
Don Braid's column appears regularly in the Herald
dbraid@calgaryherald.com
There's a though-provoking interview with Sun's Tim Bray over on the InfoQ site. One of their points is that Rich Internet Applications aren't worth the hype. They say that web applications are generally better than desktop applications, because they enforce simplicity and support a back button, and that users prefer them. They add:
Over the years since then I have regularly and steadily heard them saying: "We need something that is more immersive, more responsive, more interactive". Every time without exception that somebody said that to me, they have either been a developer or a vendor who wants to sell the technology that is immersive or responsive, or something like that. I have not once in all those years heard an ordinary user say "Oh I wish we go back to before the days of the web when every application was different and idiosyncratic … ".
In further gloomy news for advocates of Adobe Flash, Microsoft Silverlight or Sun's own JavaFX they add:
I suspect that the gap in the ecosystem that lies between what you could achieve with Ajax and what you need something like Flash or JavaFX or Silverlight to achieve is not that big enough to be terribly interesting.
I think there is a lot of truth in what they say, and I still regularly see Flash applications or Flash-enabled sites where I wish the developers or designers had not bothered. Nevertheless, I don't go along with it completely. I'm typing this post in Live Writer, a desktop application, when I could be using the WordPress online editor. The reason is that I much prefer it. It is faster, smoother, and easier to use.
Another example is Twitter clients. I use Twhirl though I may switch to Tweetdeck; both are Flash (AIR) applications running as it happens outside the browser. I'd hate to go back to interacting with Twitter only through web pages.
I agree there there is some convergence going on between what we loosely call Ajax, and the RIA plug-ins; Yahoo Pipes apparently uses the HTML 5 Canvas element, for example, using this Google Code script for IE support. I'm glad there is a choice of RIA platforms, but I don't see either Flash or Silverlight going away in the forseeable future.
It's worth recalling that the RIA concept began with the notion that a rich user interface can be more productive and user-friendly than an HTML equivalent. I've written a fair amount about the legendary iHotelier Broadmoor Hotel booking application which kind-of kicked it off – and I've interviewed the guy who developed it – and it was undoubtedly motivated by the desire to improve usability. As far as I can tell it achieved its goals, which were easy to measure in that online bookings increased.
Multimedia, rich visual controls, Deep Zoom, offline support, pixel-level control of the UI; there's a lot of stuff in what we currently call RIA that is worthwhile when used appropriately.
Another twist on this is that RIA is enabling a more complete move to web applications, by reducing the number of applications that do not work either in the browser, or as offline-enabled Flash or Silverlight.
Still, Bray is right to imply that RIAs also increase the number of ways developers can get the UI wrong; and that in many cases HTML with a dash of Ajax is a better choice.
I think the RIA space is more significant than Bray suggests; but their comments are nonetheless a useful corrective.
Two pipe bombs have been found in separate security alerts in Londonderry.
Army bomb officers were called to examine suspicious objects in the Waterside on Thursday.
At about 10:25 GMT, police discovered what turned out to be a pipe bomb in the front garden of a home in Trafalgar Court.
A second bomb was discovered at Jeffrey Avenue, also in the Waterside area of Derry.
Army bomb experts were at the scene of both alerts.
Area Commander for Derry, Chf Insp Tony Callaghan, said: "Two viable devices have now been recovered for forensic examination and all cordons have been lifted.
"Residents who were evacuated earlier are now returning home. I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their co-operation and understanding."
Image caption Police cordoned off Jeffrey Avenue during the alert
DUP councillor Drew Thompson said up to 20 homes had been evacuated at Trafalgar Court.
Community centres were opened for those who had to leave their homes.
Here at 8BitDad, we know that nothing is more delicious than celebrity dads. They're hot and they're good fathers, which just makes us all tingly in the right places. That's why we took it upon ourselves to find the top 5 celebrity dad nipple slips.
We can't thank the paparazzi enough for following these dads day and night, just waiting for that perfect shot of chest-pepperoni.
These dads are always in the limelight and just couldn't figure out how to keep their shirts on. Oh, Em Gee, you guys, happy Friday to us all, am I right or am I right? OR AM I RIGHT?
Buckle your seat belts because you're about to ride through hottie-town, population: you.
First up, a jetsetting soccer star that splits time between Los Angeles and England – David Beckham:
During this game in Los Angeles, their loose jersey just fell right off, causing Beckham to give the crowd more than they'd bargained for.
Neil Patrick Harris had a possibly-intentional wardrobe malfunction on national television recently:
They were quoted as saying “to all of you viewers, from all of me. You're welcome.”
Dwayne Wade might still have their NBA Championship ring, but the waves ripped their shirt right off of him:
Oh my, Dwayne! Maybe someone can lend you their towel!
When not portraying the sharp-clawed, emotionally-complicated Wolverine, Hugh Jackman takes to the beach with their family:
Too bad the paparazzi were nearby while they were changing. Jackman thought they were shielded from prying eyes, but we still got to see their sweet, sweet manchest.
Finally, and definitely not expendable, is human highlight film Terry Crews:
Crews was visiting the New York Stock Exchange with their pal and costar Sylvester Stallone and Stallone ripped Crews' blouse off in front of the crowd. Onlookers were shocked and delighted.
Wasn't that a delicious voyage into the top celebrity dad nipple slips? We're too worked-up to keep going, so we're going to go get a Diet Coke and take a nap. We're spent. Happy Friday!
The bad news first
Tanner Thompson left last week's game with a concussion. It's a symptom of the plague of injuries that have befallen the Indy Eleven during the course of the season. While their injury is being taken seriously, it's not a permanent setback. Thompson is expected to return to training next week.
All season long. One blow after another. This Indy team just cannot get healthy. Kwame Watson-Siriboe took a much harder hit against the Deltas in San Francisco. He'll remain on the injury list for their concussion that seems to have been a greater concern than was Thompson's. Their return is unknown.
Mexican international Gerardo Torrado has shown some signs of aging. The 38-year-old midfielder is being treated for a lower back injury that has required a recent MRI. They were on the stationary bike last week but was not at training on Friday.  They are on a week-to-week recovery plan. The fear for the Indy training staff is them picking up an additional injury due to compensating for the first one.
The fourth starting caliber player that will be unable to go this weekend is Lovel Palmer. There is no Rasta love from the NASL front office. They handed down a two-game suspension for extracurricular activities in Indianapolis a week ago. Indy chose not to appeal and I was told by an Indy official that the league informed them of a precedent for that type of suspension.
Wherever we've gone you guys always follow, I'd never stop fighting for this team, fans and city #IndyForever — Lovel Palmer (@lovelpalmer7) June 11, 2017
The good news
Braun is back! Eleven forward Justin Braun has made their way back to health after missing several games with a calf strain. Soc Takes expects them to start in their first game back from injury.
“The return of Justin is an important part for us. If you remember last fall, they were out for five games and during that five game stretch we had two ties and three losses…The results aren't on their back but we know we are better with them than without him. Let me put it that way.” – Indy Eleven head coach Tim Hankinson
You can follow Aaron on Twitter @AGunyon.
In 1986, the video game Metroid put players in the power-armoured shoes of intergalactic bounty hunter Samus Aran.
The game was a surprise with its moody aesthetic and focus on exploration, compared to the straightforward sidescroller setup of games like Super Mario Bros., on the Nintendo Entertainment System.
But the biggest surprise came after defeating the evil alien Mother Brain and saving the galaxy. After finishing the game, Samus's helmet was removed — revealing that the hero was a woman.
"This was an idea suggested by one staff member towards the end of development of the original Metroid," said series producer Yoshio Sakamoto. "It was thought of as kind of surprise present to the player for making it to the very end of the game and only then learning that the main character was a woman."
Nintendo took the element of surprise so seriously that players had to finish the considerably expansive game in under five hours to see Samus remove their helmet, and the English-language instruction manual for the game even refers to Samus as a "he."
Samus fights off a hostile Metroid creature. (Nintendo)
Samus would go on to become one of the first prominent heros in gaming, a decade before Lara Croft debuted in Tomb Raider. Successive titles like Super Metroid and Metroid Prime built it up as one of Nintendo's marquee franchises.
In recent years, however, the series had gone silent. Other than a couple of cameos in other Nintendo games like Super Smash Bros., Samus was nowhere to be seen.
It was to fans' delight earlier this year, then, when Nintendo announced that two new Metroid games were in the works. The first of the two, Metroid: Samus Returns for the 3DS handheld, launched in September to largely positive reviews. An extensive remake and retelling of 1991's Metroid 2 for the Game Boy, it marks the first 2D Metroid game in 13 years.
The second, Metroid Prime 4, is a sequel to a trilogy of first-person adventure games whose last instalment was 2007's Metroid Prime 3: Corruption. But no information other than a title and logo have so far been revealed.
'The greatest possible remake'
While development of Samus Returns was assigned to third-party studio Mercury Steam, Sakamoto returned to the series in a producer role, 30 years after working on the first Metroid title.
Samus as they appear without their heavy armour in Super Smash Bros., for the Wii U console. (Nintendo)
"Because [Metroid 2] is more than 20 years old now, I felt it necessary to take this chance to retell that story anew, to bring it to the attention of so many game fans once more," they told CBC News. "My role as producer on this project was to get this process started and then to help navigate the various challenges in preserving the charm of the original game while still bringing our own new interpretations to it that would culminate in the greatest possible remake."
Sakamoto and Mercury Steam's work appears to have paid off. Samus Returns is, in many ways, a return to form.
Unlike most bombastic action games filled with explosions and screen-filling monsters, Samus Returns balances those run-and-gun set pieces with quiet moments, punctuated by moody lighting and a sparse soundtrack.
The style is reminiscent of 1992's Super Metroid — widely regarded as one of the best video games of all time.
Long history with Nintendo
Sakamoto has worked at Nintendo since 1982, and has overseen a wide variety of games from the action-focused Metroid games to the comedic, absurdist WarioWare series.
In a 2010 interview, they cited film and film directors such as Luc Besson, Brian De Palma and especially Dario Argento's Deep Red as major influences on their work.
When asked how working in the constantly-evolving video games business has changed over the years, however, Sakamoto remains coy.
"I suppose there are lots of little details that have changed over the years, but the core policy and behavior remains the same: we want to do everything we can in the moment to provide the greatest game experience for our customers," they said.
Ron Vlaar: Offered new deal by Aston Villa
Aston Villa have offered a new contract to Ron Vlaar, whose contract is up at the end of this month.
They have been linked with a host of clubs at home and abroad, including Manchester United. But Villa boss Tim Sherwood is hoping to keep the Dutch centre-back at the club.
Vlaar joined the club for a bargain £3.2m from Feyenoord in 2012. They had seemed certain to leave this summer but admitted after the FA CUp semi-final victory over Liverpool that the arrival of Sherwood has made them consider staying.
As well as United, Southampton and Arsenal are reportedly interested in the 30-year-old, who played for the Netherlands at the World Cup in Brazil last year.
Vlaar has made 88 appearances for Villa and captained the side before being replaced as skipper by Fabian Delph this season.
For most of the season, the Denver Broncos' bid to repeat as Super Bowl champs looked like it would be relatively smooth sailing. The Broncos opened the season as the best team in the NFL according to FiveThirtyEight's Elo ratings, and before this weekend, our playoff predictions (which are based on Elo) never gave the team less than a 74 percent chance of making it to the postseason. Going into Sunday night's game against the division-rival Kansas City Chiefs, Denver had a healthy 76 percent chance of punching a return ticket to the playoffs.
But after losing to K.C. when Chiefs kicker Cairo Santos banked in a game winner off the left upright as time expired, Denver unexpectedly finds itself in a precarious situation. The Broncos are in third place in the AFC West, a game behind the Chiefs and two behind the Oakland Raiders, and our model gives Denver only a 54 percent chance of returning to the playoffs. All of a sudden, the Broncos' title defense is in doubt.
How did Denver get into this predicament? For one thing, the team's quality of play has slipped ever so slightly compared with last season. At this stage of the 2015 season, Denver ranked fourth in the NFL with a 1661 Elo rating, and our model assigned them a 10 percent probability of winning the Super Bowl. This year, despite competing with fewer great teams, the Broncos rank fifth with a 1606 Elo and a 4 percent Super Bowl probability. If they instead sported that 1661 rating from last season, this year's Broncos would be second in the NFL, nipping at the New England Patriots' heels for the right to be No. 1.
For a while this season, the Broncos' defense looked like it might be able to keep steady with the all-time great D the team assembled last season, and Denver still has the best defense in football according to expected points added. But like most of history's dominant defenses, the Broncos' D has experienced some reversion to the mean, and the team is now getting 4.8 EPA per game out of its defense rather than the 6.6 they got last season. As expected, Denver's offense has improved under first-year starting QB Trevor Siemian (it would have been hard not to, given how poorly Peyton Manning played last season), but it hasn't been enough to offset that defensive regression and a drop-off on special-teams after adjusting for strength of schedule. As a result, the Broncos are no better off now than they were last year.
EXPECTED PTS ADDED/GAME RANK CATEGORY 2015 2016 2015 2016 Passing offense -1.1 +2.2 27 20 Rushing offense -1.6 -1.8 20 23 Offense -2.6 +0.7 25 18 Passing defense +4.8 +5.7 1 1 Rushing defense +2.5 -0.5 5 27 Defense +6.6 +4.8 1 1 Special teams -0.3 -1.4 25 26 How the 2015 and 2016 Broncos compare 2015 numbers are for the full season; 2016 numbers are as of Nov. 27.
Offensive and defensive EPA won't necessarily match the sum of rushing and passing EPA on each side of the ball because penalties are tracked in a separate category. Source: ESPN Stats & Information Group
And the rest of the AFC West has improved — by leaps and bounds, in some cases. After Week 12 of the 2015 season, the Broncos' division rivals — the Chiefs, Raiders and San Diego Chargers — had an average Elo rating of 1489, well below the NFL-wide average of 1505. K.C.'s Elo rating ranked seventh in the league, and the Chiefs were five victories into what would eventually be an 11-game winning streak. But the Raiders and Chargers were each in the league's bottom third, and the AFC West was fourth among the NFL's eight divisions in overall average Elo.
This year's AFC West, by contrast, easily ranks first in all football in average Elo. The Chiefs' Elo rating has improved by 32 points from where it was this time last season, the Chargers' by 68 points and the Raiders' by a stunning 139 points — that makes Oakland the league's second-most-improved team over that span (trailing only the Dallas Cowboys). With an average Elo of 1578, the 2016 AFC West is on pace to be the NFL's 10th-best division since the league merged with the AFL before the 1970 season.
YEAR DIVISION TEAMS AVG. ELO 1 2013 NFC West 4 1624 2 2007 AFC South 4 1608 3 1984 AFC West 5 1600 4 2004 AFC East 4 1590 5 2014 NFC West 4 1588 6 1976 AFC Central 4 1583 7 1975 AFC Central 4 1581 8 1970 NFC Central 4 1581 9 2008 NFC East 4 1581 10 2016 AFC West 4 1578 The NFL's strongest divisions, 1970-2016 Based on average Elo rating of the division's teams. Source: Pro-Football-Reference.com
All of this has conspired to make the Broncos' bid for a championship repeat far more daunting than it seemed before the season began. Only 12 teams with an Elo rating as high as Denver's current mark have missed the playoffs since the merger, but right now, it's basically a tossup as to whether the Broncos will become No. 13. And because the Broncos' playoff odds would have been much higher if they'd won or tied Sunday night, their playoff fate might end up depending on — of all things — the few inches that determined where Santos's kick went after glancing off the goalpost in overtime.
Check out our latest NFL predictions.
(CNN) For what appears to be the first time since scientists began keeping track, sea ice in the Arctic and the Antarctic are at record lows this time of year.
"It looks like, since the beginning of October, that for the first time we are seeing both the Arctic and Antarctic sea ice running at record low levels," said Walt Meier, a research scientist with the Cryospheric Sciences Laboratory at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, who has tracked sea ice data going back to 1979.
While record low sea ice is nothing new in the Arctic, this is a surprising turn of events for the Antarctic. Even as sea ice in the Arctic has seen a rapid and consistent decline over the past decade, its counterpart in the Southern Hemisphere has seen its extent increasing.
In fact, each year from 2012 through 2014 reached a record high for Antarctic sea ice extent. Skeptics have long pointed to ice gain in the Southern Hemisphere as evidence climate change wasn't occurring, but scientists warned that it was caused by natural variations and circulations in the atmosphere.
While it is too early to know if the recent, rapid decline in Antarctic sea ice is going to be a regular occurrence like in the Arctic, it "certainly puts the kibosh on everyone saying that Antarctica's ice is just going up and up," Meier said.
The decline of sea ice has been a key indicator that climate change is happening, but its loss, especially in the Arctic, can mean major changes for your weather, too.
What's going on in the Arctic?
Temperatures in the Arctic have soared recently, and scientists are struggling to explain exactly why, and what the consequences will be. Air temperatures have been running more than 35 degrees Fahrenheit (20 degrees Celsius) above average.
At the same time, sea ice in the northern latitudes is at a lower level than ever observed for this time of the year. October and November are typically a time of rapid ice gain for the Arctic region, as daylight hours become shorter and shorter and eventually non-existent during what's referred to as the "polar night." Air temperatures plummet to below zero degrees Fahrenheit and parts of the Arctic Ocean not covered with ice quickly become covered. But this year, those air temperatures are staying much warmer, closer to the freezing mark of 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
To make matters worse, the water temperatures in the Arctic Ocean are several degrees above average, which is an expected result of having less sea ice. With less ice in the summer, more of the sun's rays can heat the darker water, as opposed to being deflected back into space by the white ice cover. The result is a feedback loop, and one that scientists have warned about for some time.
"The interaction between Arctic ocean temperatures and the loss of ice formation leading to continuing record minimums is clearly a climate change signal," said Thomas Mote, a geography research professor at the University of Georgia.
NASA's Digital Mapping System instrument captured this image of the thin Arctic ice during an Operation IceBridge flight over the Chukchi Sea on Saturday, July 16, 2016.
As it becomes clearer that the entire climate system in the Arctic, and potentially the Antarctic, is changing rapidly, the question now is what the impacts will be.
Why does it matter to us?
When it comes to the weather in the Arctic, it's the anti-Vegas, Meier said: "What happens in the Arctic DOES NOT stay in the Arctic."
The Arctic region impacts the weather in the rest of the planet -- in particular, North America, Europe and Asia.
During the Northern Hemisphere's winter, the arctic cold regularly "spills out" into the continents and can usher in major cold air outbreaks with crippling snow and ice storms, along with dangerously cold temperatures. Usually, this is regulated by the polar vortex that circles the North Pole several miles up in the stratosphere -- not to be confused with the "polar vortex" nickname that's been attached to every cold snap and snowstorm in recent years.
Join the conversation Track the latest weather story and share your comments with CNN Weather on Facebook and Twitter.
Any change in the polar vortex would mean a change in the frequency and intensity of winter storms in the areas where most people live.
Researchers are looking at one such theory, which considers a warm Arctic and cold continents -- basically, a warmer Arctic featuring less sea ice that leads to more frequent spilling of cold air that's normally trapped by the polar vortex. That would mean the continents are hit with more frequent shots of Arctic air. Even though that Arctic air might not be as cold as normal, it is still plenty frigid to wreak havoc on populated places, locking them into long cold spells and major snow storms.
There's a classic example of it happening right now. Large swaths of Europe and Asia have seen bitter cold and record snows over the past several weeks, all while the Arctic was bathing in temperatures 30 degrees Fahrenheit above average.
It's far too early to tell if what we are seeing in the Arctic, and now the Antarctic, is a sharp shift towards warmer poles with less ice. Scientists are quick to point out that weather in these regions can change quickly, but this is another expected result of climate change. And enough examples can become trends -- and trends can have consequences.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“It is no secret how much I like him. They like the club and we are in talks. There is no pressure.”
That was Jurgen Klopp , speaking with a smile on their face on May 5.
A month later, and Liverpool's Emre Can situation remains unchanged. The German played their part in the Reds' end of season push for a top-four finish, but those 'talks' Klopp referenced have yet to bear fruit.
Can is due to enter the final year of their contract next month, and as yet there is no sign of an extension being agreed. The reports of interest from elsewhere are starting to resurface, with Juventus linked this weekend.
Time to worry?
Not quite. Liverpool remain relaxed, relatively speaking at least, about the situation. They believe that the player wants to commit their future to the club, and are continuing to hold discussions with their representatives in order to find an agreement. The 'pressure' to which Klopp referred is yet to appear.
Can insist back in March that the stand-off was not about money, although expecting them to say otherwise would be naive in the extreme.
“I am very happy here,” they stated. “In the future I hope to play for many years at Liverpool.”
Can, it is understood, is looking for a contract worth around £100,000 a week, around double what they currently earn.  They are also keen to receive assurances over exactly where they stand in Klopp's plans going forward. Liverpool, remember, are in the market for at least one big-money central midfielder this summer.
They showed during the final weeks of this campaign what an asset they can be. Having been hampered by back, calf and knee issues earlier in the season, they turned in some big performances as the Reds got over the line in the race for the Champions League.
Their spectacular winner at Watford was a key moment, but equally impressive were their showings against the likes of Everton and West Brom, where Liverpool had to dog out wins with aggression and discipline as much as skill.
They ended the season looking strong and at home, a central figure clear on their role in the team.
That hasn't always been the case - remember Stoke at the end of the 2014/15 campaign? - but at 23 such development is to be expected. This is, after all, a full German international and a player schooled by Bayern Munich.
There are still inconsistencies in their game - a tendency to carry the ball when they should pass it remains, and they concede too many fouls generally – and there is still a debate as to exactly where their best position is. Liverpool have used them as a No.6 and a No.8 this season, and you could make a case for both.
Plenty remain unconvinced, and would argue they are not currently in the Reds' strongest XI if everyone if fit and available.
But Can's best, undoubtedly, is still to come. Klopp's a fan, and knows that Liverpool's squad needs to be deeper and more competitive next season, when the club will aim to challenge for honours on four fronts. They like their physicality, their confidence and their approach to the game. Their standing in the dressing room has grown in the past 18 months; he's respected as a personality as much as a footballer.
Can heads to Russia later this month, selected by Germany for the Confederations Cup in Russia. Liverpool hopes that a solution can be found before then – one which doesn't involve them departing. For Juventus or elsewhere.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sarah Palin's farewell speech was "an astonishing performance," said Gideon Rachman in the Financial Times, "and not in a good way." Them "inarticulate," unscripted opening was bad enough, but then Palin scolded their media critics by saying, "In honor of the American soldier, you quit making things up." They were saying that reporters are abusing press freedom and therefore betraying troops fighting to protect the American way of life—that's twisted, and "faintly sinister."
"Not to disappoint," said the blog Scared Monkeys, the liberal media are lashing out at Sarah Palin for lashing out at them. Palin spoke from the heart when they asked reporters to "stop making things up." (watch Sarah Palin's parting criticism of journalists) Let's hope this is the end of the unfair coverage that has dogged Palin since they were nominated as the Republican vice presidential candidate.
This is definitely the end of a "tumultuous chapter" in Sarah Palin's life, said Dan Balz in The Washington Post. Now that they have voluntarily relinquished power as Alaska's governor—"in classic Palin style"—Palin is free to do what they want, whether it's writing their memoirs, hitting the lecture circuit, or preparing for a 2012 presidential bid. The question is, "do they have a second act in their repertoire?"
By Jeff Merkley
The debate swirling around the proposed mosque and Muslim community center in lower Manhattan near the World Trade Center site has, for many, tapped into strong emotions of a national trauma that is still raw. But in the churning political and constitutional arguments, one question has not been adequately addressed: what makes a mosque near ground zero offensive?
Nearly everyone in this debate affirms the constitutional right for the mosque's construction. Indeed, that right is a cherished founding principle. As Thomas Jefferson said, "The constitutional freedom of religion [is] the most inalienable and sacred of all human rights." It is no accident that the right to worship in accordance with one's own conscience is enshrined in the First Amendment.
But, many mosque opponents argue, just because it can be built does not mean it should be. They say it would be disrespectful to the memories of those who died on 9/11 to build a Muslim facility near the World Trade Center site. I appreciate the depth of emotions at play, but respectfully suggest that the presence of a mosque is only inappropriate near ground zero if we unfairly associate Muslim Americans with the atrocities of the foreign al-Qaidaterrorists who attacked our nation.
Such an association is a profound error. Muslim Americans are our fellow citizens, not our enemies. Muslim Americans were among the victims who died at the World Trade Center in the 9/11 attacks. Muslim American first responders risked their lives to save their fellow citizens that day. Many of our Muslim neighbors, including thousands of Oregon citizens, serve our country in war zones abroad and our communities at home with dedication and distinction.
Some have also argued that the construction of the mosque would hand a propaganda victory to Osama bin Laden. I think the opposite is true. Al-Qaida justifies its murder by painting America as a nation at war with Islam. Celebrating our freedom of religion and Muslim Americans' place in our communities is a blow to al-Qaida's ideology of hate and division. We strengthen America by distinguishing, clearly and unequivocally, between our al-Qaida enemy and our Muslim neighbors.
President Bush understood the importance of separating the terrorists from over a billion peaceful Muslims around the world whose faith has been used as an excuse by those bent on killing. Speaking at a mosque just six days after the World Trade Center attack, President Bush said, "These acts of violence against innocents violate the fundamental tenets of the Islamic faith, and it's important for my fellow Americans to understand that."
I have great respect for the sentiments of the survivors and family members of those who died on 9/11, and understand that some may not regard the situation this way. But our fundamental religious freedom and our national security -- in addition to fairness for our fellow citizens -- will be well served by drawing a bright line between our Muslim friends and neighbors at home, and our al-Qaida enemy abroad.
Jeff Merkley is a Democratic U.S. senator from Oregon.
The new Omnibus Collection of Green Hornet: Year One is in stores today, but you can get a jump start by reading the entire first issue right here, exclusively!
THE GREEN HORNET:YEAR ONE OMNIBUS VOL. 1 COLLECTION
Matt Wagner (w)
Aaron Campbell (a)
Alex Ross (c)
FC • 304 pages • $29.99 • Teen+
At last, the thrilling origin tale of the Green Hornet and Kato, the classic crime-fighting duo, can be told! After their father's death, Britt Reid takes control of their father's newspaper, The Daily Sentinel... but discovers that their true inheritance is their father's thirst for justice. Donning the iconic emerald outfit, developing an arsenal of non-lethal weaponry, and building their rapport with martial artist and driver Kato, Reid launches a crusade against mob boss Vincent "Skid" Caruso, making the bullet-ridden Chicago streets safe again during the Prohibition Era. But will the Green Hornet and Kato survive when their efforts attract the attention of the sadistic enforcer called The Scourge?
This volume collects the complete twelve issue series by Matt Wagner and Aaron Campbell and features a cover gallery by John Cassaday, Matt Wagner, Alex Ross, and more!
“Excellent work from top to bottom, from story to art, from satchel to paige!” – Major Spoilers
“Wagner plays to their strength with period pieces, and this book is a winner.” – Blog Critics
“Green Hornet: Year One is a terrific comic series and does justice above and beyond to one of the great classic radio heroes of all time. Any pulp fan worth their fedora would be wise to pick it up.” – Pulp Fiction Reviews
The Red Devils confirm their place in the Champions League after winning the Europa League. Plus: Chelsea takes on Arsenal in the FA Cup final, Huddersfield and Reading meet at Wembley with a spot in the Premier League at stake, and Crystal Palace and Sunderland hunt for a new manager … again
Iain Macintosh helms the ship for the first and conceivably only time for today's edition of Football Weekly Extra, and he's joined by James Horncastle, Michael Cox, Paolo Bandini, and a laptop on which they can continue to play Football Manager.
We begin with Manchester United's emotional victory against Ajax in the Europa League final, completing an historic though thoroughly mediocre treble for José Mourinho, but the club are back in the Champions League and that's all that really matters, so ner.
Next up, we look ahead to Chelsea v Arsenal in the FA Cup final. Will the Blues record another routine victory over their London rivals? Or will they absolutely thrash them?
Finally, we look ahead to Huddersfield and Reading's date with destiny at Wembley in the Championship play-off final, and wonder who will take over at Sunderland and Crystal Palace as they begin their search for a manager yet again.
There's no pod on Monday but Iain will be back for an interview with filmmaker Dan Gordon all about the life and times of George Best in Football Weekly Meets to see you through the long weekend. Jimbo returns for our next pod proper on Thursday 1 June.
Parish notices:
Cloud Party, the web-based virtual world, now officially supports the Oculus Rift via a plug-in -- read about it here on the company blog, and if you have a dev kit, follow the instructions for connecting Cloud Party to your Rift headset.
As such, Cloud Party becomes the first virtual world to officially support the Oculus Rift. Second Life developer Linden Lab was expected to unveil its support for the Rift last Summer, but so far, only this unofficial third party viewer for SL is currently available. However, Cloud Party is backed and advised by SL co-creator Cory Ondrejka, and ex-Linden Lab VP Cyn Skyberg now heads up Cloud Party's community management.
Speaking of which, here's what Cyn Skyberg says about the experience of using Cloud Party through the Rift (that's their pictured above):
"My personal description is 'Crap! That is way more impressive than I ever thought it would be!' The level of detail is amazing." Some users may experience a feeling of seasickness at times -- a sensation common to every platform running the Rift -- but even then, they go on, "It is very, very compelling."
For her, Rift integration with Cloud Party gets us closer to virtual reality as we originally conceived it -- and platforms like Second Life were originally built for:
Pin Share +1 Share 18 Shares
Marriage is most traditionally thought of as the promise and commitment between two people to spend their lives together; however, it has also, since its origins, held another more underlying meaning: the means to propagation, i.e. the first step in starting a family. There was a time when no married couple would even consider not having children; it simply was not done. Sure, there have always been men and women who remained lifelong singles (not to say they weren't subject to societal scrutiny too); however, it was generally expected that when you made a promise to wed, you also made a promise to reproduce. Marriage was not a commitment to just your beloved, but to the two, four, even twelve children you were to birth and raise with him.
With the growth of women's rights, contraceptives (including birth control), and abortion laws, times have certainly changed, and continue to. It is no longer uncommon for married couples to opt out of having kids, and, in fact, there are many more than you may think. Data from the 2010 U.S. Census reported that 1 in 5 women aged 40-45 do not have children—a drastic change from the 1970 Census in which the statistic was just 1 in 10. A later study showed that 43 percent of Generation X women (those born between the mid-1960s and 70s) have no children. Because these numbers do not reflect solely voluntarily childfree couples (versus sterile ones), another 2011 study was done by the Center for Work-Life Policy, which confirmed a surprisingly large number of “Gen Xers” delaying parenthood or forgoing it completely. Now that the child-bearing age group is extending into Generation Y, the question is: will this trend continue? Or, perhaps even continue to grow?
Obviously, children are very important. Without offspring, the human race would cease to exist, and everything we did would be of no significance at all (for a scary look at a world like this, see the movie Children of Men starring Clive Owen—intense stuff!). However, if you ask parents why they had children, I highly doubt they would give you such a cosmic, biological reason. They would most likely say as we've heard so often, that they love being parents. Children bring insurmountable joy and unparalleled life experiences of personal growth and meaning. While I'm not denying any of this, there is data that might.
A study conducted late last year by the Open University in the U.K. proved—to the contrary of happy parents everywhere—that couples without children actually have happier marriages. The researchers interviewed and surveyed over 5,000 people and found that childless couples felt both more satisfied with their relationships and more valued by their significant other. You may find this surprising, but perhaps you haven't considered the cons of having kids. Nothing sounds more miserable to me than changing diapers, nursing, cleaning up messes, preventing crying or whining, or biting, or fighting, or running…to name a few. Not to mention the huge financial responsibilities. I hate to minimize them into fiscal assets (or liabilities), but you can't disregard how expensive children are—from diapers and toys, to you know, a $250,000 college education. And although Jessie J says, “money can't buy us happiness,” it can buy us a lot of things (or experiences) we would otherwise be sacrificing to raise children. It makes sense how these sacrifices and strains can put a strain on the commitment that led to them in the first place—your marriage.
Of course, determining what makes people happy is hugely subjective. Therefore, I won't spend time trying to compare the happiness of having children to the happiness of a two-week Caribbean cruise (something tells me the criteria for each would be a little different). However, what I will say is: both decisions are completely voluntary. Just because the world needs children to function does not mean they need to be yours. Congratulations—the pressure is off!
Note too that these are not just my opinions, but statistical facts; a 2011 MacArthur Research Network survey found that “only half of U.S. consumers cite marriage and parenthood as required milestones of adulthood.” Whereas 100 years ago, society likely would've looked down on you for being married without children, nowadays you might be looked down on for thinking married couples need them. Thus, childlessness is becoming not only widely accepted, but also—just maybe—the norm.
I did not wish in writing this to deter you from having kids (as nasty as dirty diapers and projectile vomiting undoubtedly are). I simply meant to inform you that marriage and reproduction are no longer one in the same; more and more people get married with no intent of ever having kids, and 1 out of every 2 people don't even consider having kids necessary. So, it's really up to you. If you truly want kids and feel you are mentally, emotionally, and financially prepared to do so—you should absolutely have kids. If you want to get married and not have kids, or if you don't want to marry at all, that's perfectly acceptable too! It's 2014 and the possibilities are endless. Do whatever makes you and your partner happy; just remember—happiness almost always comes with a price or two.
Sources and Resources:
http://atlanta.cbslocal.com/2014/01/14/study-couples-without-children-have-happier-marriages/
http://lifestyle.inquirer.net/155787/why-these-married-couples-opt-not-to-have-children
http://townhall.com/tipsheet/cortneyobrien/2014/02/23/pew-are-couples-happier-without-kids-n1798671
http://www.dinklife.com/topic/trends-news/married-without-children-more-couples-opting-be-%E2%80%98childless-choice%E2%80%99
Arsenal players cancelled their own Christmas party.
They were due to go out in fancy dress for a night on the town but decided it was a bad idea on the back of the defeat at Manchester City on Sunday.
Senior players, like Petr Cech and captain Laurent Koscielny, were concerned about the message it would send if they were pictured partying in comedy costumes.
Some still went out for a drink or a meal but they did not want a repeat of last year when they were pictured in fancy dress.
Arsenal's players had been out the previous week with their WAGs in London after the defeat at Everton at a social gathering organised by the club.
But the second one was the players' party which they do most years with the blessing of Arsene Wenger.
However, on the back of the defeat at City, they decided to cancel it straight away after falling nine points behind in the title race.
Arsenal players enjoy a night out (Image: WENN.com) View gallery
Some players attended a Junior Gunners party on Thursday.
Alexis Sanchez was among the players who partied with 150 lucky young fans, who were picked at random to attend a festive fun-day and celebrate with the club.
Sanchez entertained the group of children at Arsenal's Training Centre in London Colney, where they posed for selfies and took them all on in a quick game of football.
Other players who took time out of their busy December schedules to meet the fans included Mesut Ozil, Hector Bellerin, Oliver Giroud and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Alexis Sanchez selfies with Junior Gunners
The above video shows Sanchez taking a picture with the youngsters, who all look absolutely chuffed to be celebrating Christmas with their Gunners favourite.
The footage emerges as it was revealed the Chilean finds London life stressful - casting more doubt on their long-term future at Arsenal.
The 28-year-old currently has just 18 months left on their current contract at the Emirates and the north London side are understandably keen to tie them down to a new deal.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
(Image: Arsenal FC)
(Image: Arsenal FC)
But Arsenal are reluctant to meet Sanchez's wage demands of more than £200,000 a week, and their latest comments about life in the English capital will be of concern to some supporters.
Speaking to the Arsenal magazine, they said: "I like to go to London to eat something or have a drink with my friends. However, I am a very home-loving person and I spend a lot of time at home."
They added: "I do explore the city if I have the time for it but normally I would rather stay relaxed at home. London can be a stressful place because it's crowded and it's a big city."
You can help by replying with a guide you think is really helpful for new players with no gear. I'm not opposed to multiple links per topic, as long as they are all genuinely useful for newbies. Maybe if we get enough good links we could get this stickied.
I would like it if someone knows of or will write for us a guide to effectively using Charges, Traps, Totems, Curses, Minions, and Auras as they are important game mechanics that I haven't seen much in-depth information about.
General New Player Help:
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/1199
In-Depth Mechanics (MUST READ):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/11707
Noob Questions Megathread (Reddit):
http://www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/comments/178cc7/noob_questions_megathread/
Ranger - Bow (Dodge and/or Armour) Many Builds:
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/69224
Templar - Mace + Shield Lightning Elemental Damage (Armour + Energy Shield):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/95355
Marauder - 2H Physical Damage (Armour + Max HP / HP Regen):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/73072
Shadow - Knife + Shield Ranged Critical Physical Damage (Armour + HP):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/64424
Witch - Wand + Shield Fire / Summoner (Max HP + Energy Shield):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/77067
Duelist - Dual Wield Axes Critical Physical Damage (Max HP + Armour):
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/78037
Quest Reward List
tinyurl.com/poequests
Crafting Guide - How to Make Good Gear!
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/54003
Exchange Rates - What Are My Currency Items Worth? (may not be 100% up to date)
--link removed--
Charges, Traps, Totems, Curses, Minions, and Auras? I found a bunch of great information for new players scattered across multiple different sub-forums, and I thought it would be nice to maintain one post in the General forum to look to for guidance both general and class specific.I'm not opposed to multiple links per topic, as long as they are all genuinely useful for newbies. Maybe if we get enough good links we could get this stickied.I would like it if someone knows of or will write for us a guide to effectively using Charges, Traps, Totems, Curses, Minions, and Auras as they are important game mechanics that I haven't seen much in-depth information about.- Bow (Dodge and/or Armour) Many Builds:- Mace + Shield Lightning Elemental Damage (Armour + Energy Shield):- 2H Physical Damage (Armour + Max HP / HP Regen):- Knife + Shield Ranged Critical Physical Damage (Armour + HP):- Wand + Shield Fire / Summoner (Max HP + Energy Shield):- Dual Wield Axes Critical Physical Damage (Max HP + Armour): Last edited by ionface on May 23, 2013, 8:43:56 AM Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
Added link to Noob Question Megathread on Reddit.
Still need some guides for the classes that don't have them :O Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
Added crafting guide. Use it to figure out how to generate great items for your character using currency items and basic whites that you find everywhere :D Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
However, I don't think you should be linking to specific posts/builds for each of the classes, since the great thing about PoE is that there is no one "correct" way to play each class, and everyone can play the classes differently.
I think new players should really instead be looking at a variety of builds, especially the more unusual ones, to get an idea of how the various bits of a PoE build fits together. Linking to the class forums should be sufficient for this list.
Also, another good resource for new players is the build-of-the-week videos on GGG's youtube channel. I think they really do a good job of showcasing the build possibilities in PoE. I appreciate you for doing this for all the new players comming in.However, I don't think you should be linking to specific posts/builds for each of the classes, since the great thing about PoE is that there is no one "correct" way to play each class, and everyone can play the classes differently.I think new players should really instead be looking at a variety of builds, especially the more unusual ones, to get an idea of how the various bits of a PoE build fits together. Linking to the class forums should be sufficient for this list.Also, another good resource for new players is the build-of-the-week videos on GGG's youtube channel. I think they really do a good job of showcasing the build possibilities in PoE. http://www.youtube.com/user/grindinggear/videos?query=build+of+the+week Alteration Orb Union Local #7
"Holding the line, on sixteen to one!" Posted by VoxelSquid
on on Quote this Post
" VoxelSquid
However, I don't think you should be linking to specific posts/builds for each of the classes, since the great thing about PoE is that there is no one "correct" way to play each class, and everyone can play the classes differently.
I think new players should really instead be looking at a variety of builds, especially the more unusual ones, to get an idea of how the various bits of a PoE build fits together. Linking to the class forums should be sufficient for this list.
Also, another good resource for new players is the build-of-the-week videos on GGG's youtube channel. I think they really do a good job of showcasing the build possibilities in PoE. I appreciate you for doing this for all the new players comming in.However, I don't think you should be linking to specific posts/builds for each of the classes, since the great thing about PoE is that there is no one "correct" way to play each class, and everyone can play the classes differently.I think new players should really instead be looking at a variety of builds, especially the more unusual ones, to get an idea of how the various bits of a PoE build fits together. Linking to the class forums should be sufficient for this list.Also, another good resource for new players is the build-of-the-week videos on GGG's youtube channel. I think they really do a good job of showcasing the build possibilities in PoE. http://www.youtube.com/user/grindinggear/videos?query=build+of+the+week
Thanks for the link, I'll check it out!
I have to mention though, your attitude (which is common) about posting links to builds is annoying. Not everyone likes floundering around wasting time before they figure out what actually works and what doesn't in a game. Some of us (like me) have families, school, and jobs all at once and don't have 8 hours a day to roll new characters with, like the many annoying kids I see in global chat.
PS: linking to the class forums is useless. They are full of terrible builds from kids that have no idea what they are doing asking for "critiques". This is why I couldn't find a link to Shadow / Witch / Duelist builds that didn't seem idiotic yet. Thanks for the link, I'll check it out!I have to mention though, your attitude (which is common) about posting links to builds is annoying. Not everyone likes floundering around wasting time before they figure out what actually works and what doesn't in a game. Some of us (like me) have families, school, and jobs all at once and don't have 8 hours a day to roll new characters with, like the many annoying kids I see in global chat.PS: linking to the class forums is useless. They are full of terrible builds from kids that have no idea what they are doing asking for "critiques". This is why I couldn't find a link to Shadow / Witch / Duelist builds that didn't seem idiotic yet. Last edited by EmeraldWitch on Jan 29, 2013, 3:04:58 PM Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/77067
Very easy to read for new players VoidMoon put out an amazing Fire summoner witch guide.Very easy to read for new players Last edited by Cybb on Jan 29, 2013, 7:04:34 PM Posted by Cybb
on on Quote this Post
" Cybb
http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/77067
Very easy to read for new players VoidMoon put out an amazing Fire summoner witch guide.Very easy to read for new players
Thanks! Great guide + video, added. Thanks! Great guide + video, added. Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
Hey hey, finally got a guide for each class up.
Also, was linked to an exchange rate tracker for currency items!
Huzzah!
Now I would like to flesh this out more with multiple builds per class. Help us out with that :D Last edited by EmeraldWitch on Jan 29, 2013, 9:16:11 PM Posted by EmeraldWitch
on on Quote this Post
Very nice post, sticky please so I dont lose it in all of the "omg I cleared for 10 minutes and dc'd now I wasted 10 minutes this game sucks" threads. Posted by Furl
on on Quote this Post
Corporate Merger Forces Rapper Vince Staples to Change Name to Vince OfficeMax
LONG BEACH, Calif. — Rapper Vince Staples was forced to change their moniker to Vince OfficeMax after the completed merger of Staples and Office Depot Inc., the nation's two largest office supply corporations, according to sources close to the hip hop star.
While fans primarily know them for their bleak street tales and creative wordplay, few know of Mr. OfficeMax's fascination with professional business goods. They previously legally changed their last name to Staples in 2004 due to their adoration of the company, and their recent single “BagBak” is rumored to have been inspired by Staples Inc.'s expansive collection of SwissGear backpacks.
Following the merger, the former Mr. Staples chose OfficeMax, an Office Depot subsidiary, as their new surname.
“I read all of the office supply business trades, and literally no one saw this merger coming,” said Mr. OfficeMax, who just finished their “North American Life Aquatic” tour at the Las Vegas Conference for Commercial Furniture Distribution. “We haven't experienced such a shakeup [in the world of business products] since 3M bought Cogent Systems in 2010.”
Los Angeles hip-hop has long been influenced by trends in office goods, dating back to Tupac Shakur's album Me Against The World. Shakur's 1995 magnum opus has long thought to be an abstract concept album detailing modern man's struggles against fax machine technology.
Related:
“It's amazing that I get to combine my two dreams: pushing modern hip-hop to new creative heights, and repping some of the finest office furniture and technology around,” said the young rapper. “Did you know OfficeMax is the only retailer that offers GoDaddy web domain service IN-STORE? Shit blew my mind.”
In honor of the merger and Mr. OfficeMax's endorsement of the company, Office Depot Inc. CEO Gerry P. Smith issued a press release.
“We are beyond excited to continue the synergy with Vince and the hip-hop community as a whole,” read the release. “Whereas Vince OfficeMax's lyrics reflect the gritty past and present of Long Beach and its surrounding communities, our stores represent the gentrifying tide of marketing startups and drab urban strip malls in formerly economically depressed areas.”
Vince OfficeMax's name change is the latest in a string of similar corporate-based name changes, including Fiona Microsoft and The Wu-SunnyD Clan.
Things just went from bad to worse for embattled Minnesota Senator Al "Frankenstein" Franken.
In an explosive new allegation, a Texa woman has told CNN that Franken grabbing their butt while the two were taking a photo together at the Minnesota State Fair, a story that several members of their family who were present at the time corroborated in separate interviews. The accusation is particularly troubling for Franken because the incident in question occurred in 201, two years after they had been elected to the Senate. Previously, former Playboy Playmate and sports broadcaster Leeann Tweeden accused Franken of "kissing and groping" them during a USO tour in 2006. To support their claims, Tweeden supplied a photo depicting Franken groping their breasts while they were sleeping with a wide grin spread across their face.
Over the weekend, Saturday Night Live, where Franken made their name as a comedy writer, included a few jokes bashing the alumus, currently a sitting Democratic senator, during its "Weekend Update" segment.
Lindsay Menz, a 33-year-old woman who now lives in Frisco, Texas, reached out to CNN on Thursday hours after Tweeden made their story public saying they wanted to share an "uncomfortable" interaction with Franken that left them feeling "gross."
According to Menz, they attended the Minnesota State Fair with their husband and father in the summer of 2010, almost two years after Franken was elected to the Senate. Them father's small business was sponsoring a local radio booth, and they spent the day meeting various elected officials, political candidates and celebrities and taking photos with them as they stopped by the booth.
When Franken walked in, Menz and their husband, who corroborated their wife's story in a conversation with CNN, recognized the senator and struck up a brief but cordial conversation. Then, as their husband held up their phone and got ready to snap a photo of the two of them, Franken "pulled me in really close, like awkward close, and as my husband took the picture, they put their hand full-fledged on my rear," Menz said. "It was wrapped tightly around my butt cheek."
"It wasn't around my waist. It wasn't around my hip or side. It was definitely on my butt," they said, recalling that the brazen act lasted three or four seconds. "I was like, oh my God, what's happening." "He reached around them and kind of pulled them into him," said their husband Jeremy Menz, who didn't see what happened behind their wife. "He pulled them in and pushed their head against their head. It was over pretty quick."
Lindsay Menz told CNN that they walked away as soon as the photo was taken, without saying anything to the then-first term senator. When they reconnected with their husband moments later, they told him: "He totally grabbed my butt." Jeremy Menz described that conversation the same way to CNN.
Franken told CNN they didn't remember taking the photo with Menz, but that they felt "badly" that they felt disrespected.
"I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don't remember taking this picture," Franken said. "I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected." "I felt gross. It'd be like being walking through the mall and some random person grabbing your butt," Lindsay Menz said. "You just feel gross. Like ew, I want to wash that off of me." "I was upset. I wasn't happy about it in the least," Jeremy Menz said. "He was already gone and I wasn't going to confront him. But yeah -- I was in shock, really."
Menz's father, Mark Brown, said they didn't witness the incident but said their daughter told them about it immediately after. Menz's mother, Jodi Brown, also told CNN that they discussed the incident with their daughter immediately after it happened.
They said they distinctly recall their son-in-law saying to her: "Our senator just groped my wife right in front of me."
Talk of Franken's groping even made it to Menz's Facebook page.
Menz posted the photo with Franken on Facebook at the time, on Aug. 27, 2010. Them sister, Cari Thunker, commented under the photo: "Sorry, but you two aren't Bibles (sic) width apart" - a reference to how physically close Menz and Franken were in the photo. Menz responded: "Dude -- Al Franken TOTALLY molested me! Creeper!" (The exchange is visible to Menz's Facebook friends.)
Menz also contrasted their treatment by Franken with that of another Minnesota politician they met that day, former Rep. John Kilne. As Menz was getting ready to take a picture with Kline, they said the member of congress asked them whether they should "mutually put our arms around each other" - an interaction that struck them as being in stark contrast with what they had experienced moments ago with Franken. Kline told CNN that they had attended the fair that year, but didn't recall seeing Franken touch Menz. However, they said they always made sure to get permission before putting their arm around a female while posing for photos.
"If somebody wanted a picture, I would ask: should I put my arm on your back or your shoulder?" Kline said. They said that as a member of congress, they were particularly inclined to do this when taking photos with women.
Lindsay and Jeremy Menz moved from Minnesota to Texas in 2014. Lindsay Menz is now a stay-at-home-mom of three young kids. Neither is registered with a political party and they said they have equally supported Republican and Democratic candidates while they said they have tended to favor Republicans. The couple voted last year for Donald Trump, and Menz said they have voted for Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who is a Democrat, in the past. Menz said they believe they have voted for Franken as well, but is not sure.
Menz said a friend encouraged them to contact a CNN reporter after seeing the network's coverage of sexual harassment in recent days. Menz said they "absolutely" would not have shared their story had Tweeden not done the same.
"I don't want to paint my story in the same light as hers," Menz said, saying they believe what happened to Tweeden is much worse.
Still, they said, "the reason I want to say something is if someone sees that I said something, maybe it would give them the courage to say something too."
After Tweeden went public with their story, Franken said he'd cooperate with a senate ethics investigation, and insisted that they "respects women."
"I respect women. I don't respect men who don't. And the fact that my own actions have given people a good reason to doubt that makes me feel ashamed," they said in a statement. "I understand why we need to listen to and believe women's experiences."
But like they say, actions speak louder than words.
A note from the editor: Jelly Deals is a deals site launched by our parent company, Gamer Network, with a mission to find the best bargains out there. Look out for the Jelly Deals roundup of reduced-price games and kit every Saturday on Eurogamer.
Update 17/11/2017: This offer is now live at various retailers, you can find it on the links below:
Original post: Today, PlayStation UK has announced not only its first officially sanctioned Black Friday deal of the year, but also the first major price cut to its PlayStation VR headset, in a limited-time bundle.
Starting at 00:01 am on Friday 17th November, the company will be temporarily dropping the RRP of its PlayStation VR Starter Pack - a pre-existing bundle that includes the PSVR headset as well as the PlayStation Camera and a copy of PSVR Worlds. In addition to that pack, you'll also be getting a copy of Skyrim VR or a copy of Gran Turismo Sport, all for the massively discounted price of £249.99, depending on the retailer.
This is the first time we've seen an officially endorsed PlayStation Black Friday deal this year - and it's the cheapest the PSVR has ever been available for in the UK. As a reminder, we've got guides pages up and running for Black Friday deals and we'll be updating them daily all the way through next week and the week after, to make sure we're covering the best and most relevant deals possible. We've got pages for PS4 Black Friday deals, Xbox Black Friday offers, Nintendo Black Friday bundles and PC gaming Black Friday discounts, among others.
Note that PlayStation is simply lowering the RRP of this bundle and leaving it to the retailers themselves to figure out how much they want to charge. Because of that, we'll have to wait until after midnight to see how much the bundle will be available for at the usual suspects.
If you want to metaphorically camp outside the retailers for this deal, though, you can check out one of these sites and hit F5 for a few hours:
So not only is that bundle £100 cheaper than the PSVR Starter Pack normally costs, but you'll be getting one of two new releases along with it. Not bad value at all, whether it be for a Christmas present or a delayed purchase of one of these fancy VR headsets on a more affordable scale.
New Delhi: With more number of graduates passing out from high-quality engineering colleges, job aspirants in the engineering arena seem to be facing tougher competition compared to their peers from the business administration stream, says a study.
The findings are based on an analysis of data compiled from more than 50,000 job seekers and 3,000 employers across the country, according to Youth4work.com, a portal for student community which conducted the study.
As per study, there are 17 aspirants for every one engineering job available. In comparison, students pursuing business administration have it easier with six job seekers per vacancy.
According to Youth4work.com founder Rachit Jain, more number of students are passing out from high-quality engineering colleges, which in turn is resulting in higher number of job aspirants than available opportunities.
"... the demand for jobs is increasing compared to those available," they said.
There are opportunities for engineering graduates in the IT sector but same is not the case in many other industries, including automobile segment, which is seeing relatively slow growth, they said.
According to professional networking site ApnaCircle.com's Founder and CEO Yogesh Bansal, this year should be better than 2012 for IT sector as global uncertainties seem to be on the wane.
"The IT industry employs over 20 lakh professionals and with an expected growth of 10 percent we can expect no less than over 2-2.5 lakh additional people being hired in the industry," they said.
Meanwhile, Youth4work.com survey also said that average salary for fresher with 0-3 year experience for engineering jobs and MBA jobs were more or less the same, averaging around 3.6 lakh per annum.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
KIEV, Ukraine (JTA) — A Jewish group in Ukraine is objecting to a criminal case brought over the "Great Famine" committed in the 1930s.
The nation's security service is pressing the case against a list of former Soviet officials accused of committing the Holodomor, which caused the deaths of millions in Ukraine in 1932-33. Most of the names on the list were Jewish.
Ukrainian lawmaker Aleksandr Feldman, leader of the Ukrainian Jewish Committee, said last week that it was "a farce" to press the case.
“All organizers of the Great Famine are dead," they said.
Last July, the Ukrainian Security Service released a list of high-ranking Soviet state and Communist Party officials — as well as officials from NKVD, the police force of Soviet Russia — that essentially blamed Jews and Latvians responsible for perpetrating and executing the famine because most of the names on the list were Jewish.
The Ukrainian Jewish Committee called on the secret service to revise the list, which incited interethnic hatred, in order to clear up the “inaccuracy.”
Feldman believes there is a danger that the “Holodomor Affair” materials are being used for political purposes.
In late May, security service head Valentin Nalivaychenko claimed at a meeting with representatives of the World Congress of Ukrainians that “Ukraine has collected enough evidence to bring a criminal case regarding the famine, which was artificially created by the Bolshevik regime and caused mass death of citizens.”
Through the World Congress of Ukrainians, Nalivaychenko turned to leading foreign lawyers with a request to help find out the circumstances connected with preparing and committing the genocide.
It looks like Spider-Man: Homecoming will be filming on Staten Island tomorrow, Saturday, Sept. 24.
We heard reports that there were vans and trailers located in St. George on Staten Island, NY, near Richmond Terrace and Bay St, and it turns out it is the base camp is for Spider-Man, which will be filming in the vicinity on Saturday.
The majority of the movie was already shot in Atlanta, so fans in NYC only have a few precious days to try to catch the shoot while its in town.
In addition to the Staten Island filming, signs have been spotted for Summer of George, the movie's working title, at 31st St and 23rd Ave in Astoria for Monday and at Water St and Old Slip in Manhattan for Saturday, and possible Sunday.
The Spider-Man reboot, which stars Tom Holland and Zendaya, is set to be released on July 7, 2017.
If you spot Spider-Man filming in NYC, share your tips and photos with us at olv@onlocationvacations.com or in the comments below!
Thanks to Tom, ‏@estoylinda, and Bobby for the heads-up!
If you're curious why lawyers get such a bad rap, just read a little further about the latest shenanigans spun by the defense team representing admitted Aurora theater shooter James Holmes.
Last week, Arapahoe County prosecutors complained to Judge Carlos Samour that Holmes' defenders were trying to influence witnesses and survivors of the horrific July 20, 2012, theater massacre. Defenders had hired what the lawyer industry calls “Defense Initiated Victim Outreach” workers. These things are what you and I would call “shysters” and “con artists.”
That's exactly what they are. Although this disingenuous bull-crap isn't new, it's increasingly popular in capital court cases, and now it's stinking up the place in Aurora. The trend started during the trial for Oklahoma City Bomber Timothy McVeigh. History and the Internet have given McVeigh defenders the benefit of the doubt in explaining the origins of the stunts. There were so many victims and so much tragedy, that defenders hired their own person to meet with victims to see what, if anything, could be done. It's debatable whether the hundreds of survivors and families of the murdered benefited by the maneuver. But the notion has steadily become the darling of lawyers who represent murderers or others who have infused acute chaos into the lives of innocents.
In this “everybody's-got-to-have-one” world, Holmes defenders got them one and unleashed this “victim advocate” into the lives of 70 or so people wounded by Holmes during their attack, and the endless bevy of witnesses associated with the massacre.
The prosecutor in the trial, District Attorney George Brauchler, protests the sham. So do I. That surprises even me because I haven't agreed with much else he's done in the case. Holmes' lawyers almost immediately agreed their client was responsible for the unfathomable attack, and they offered to make a deal if Holmes could die of old age in jail instead of middle age by lethal injection decades from now.
No dice. So it's the death penalty or nothing. Brauchler is a gambling man. I'm not. I also think killing anyone, even monsters like Holmes, is about as barbaric as humans can get.
But with this latest defense stunt, Brauchler and I are on the same page. It reeks of guile. Defense lawyers here and across the country say these so-called DIVOs provide a vital part of “restorative justice.” Proponents of this ridiculousness say that “ … crime, especially murder, creates an involuntary relationship between the victim and the defendant.”
Blink. Blink. Blink. Do you think so? We can agree on that. What we don't agree on is that defense lawyers hiring these so-called outreach workers ultimately want to help victims and witnesses. It's obvious defense lawyers want to keep their clients from being snuffed on a gurney in the death chamber. And if they're good at what they do, lawyers will do anything to prevent their client's date with death. The Holmes team, like so many other capital defense teams, have hired consultants who are experts in manipulating trials. They advise lawyers on what color suits to wear, how to make eye contact, tone of voice, hairstyles, anything and everything that can help tip the scales of justice in their favor.
This is no different. In fact, it's even more insidious. By having Holmes reach out to witnesses via some nice outreach worker, “concerned” about their wellbeing and willing to share “inside” information about Holmes, their family and their crimes, lawyers build subtle but very real alliances. Without this stunt, a witness might appear blatantly caustic or adversarial on the stand, something that influences jurors. But if that same witness is frank, almost apologetic about their testimony? How might that affect a jury? The defense needs only one juror to agree with the defense that Holmes was legally insane at the time of the murderers to get a not-guilty verdict.
That's what this farcical DIVO industry is about, and that's why Holmes' lawyers brought this on, at taxpayer expense. I want Holmes to go to prison forever as much as anyone, and I want Colorado to end its expensive and useless death penalty. But not like this. The sole mission of a defense lawyer should be to serve the interests of a client. No doubt, that's what's going on here. This is treachery, and Judge Samour needs to put an end to it now.
Reach editor Dave Perry at 303-750-7555 or [email protected]
